I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAMME FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US ON THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH.
IN MY OPINION FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAMOUS THAT, IN SOME CASES, COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY.
Also, I want to say that the plays and films were excellent, but there weren't enough of them for me.
In our Academy we are not allowed to smoke.
I was truly disappointed by it.
Secondly, I had to wait forty-five minutes before the show finally began.
I'd like you to send the money to this address: ul Taklowa 10
It is a dream come true and was really unexpected for me!
If not, what do you suggest?
The festival was excellent in many ways, and in particular it being an international festival was a challenging, but brilliant idea.
MY NAME is JAMES CAMIREZ AND I AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLAINTS REGARDING THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT.
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY STATES THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30, AND I GOT REALLY MAD WHEN I LOOKED AT MY WATCH AND NOTICED THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 (FORTY) MINUTES AND THE SHOW HADN'T STARTED YET... I MEAN IT WAS AMAZING!
I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT. HOW CAN THIS CLASS OF THEATRE BE SO..
OH I'M GETING MAD AGAIN SO I AM GOING TO TELL YOU ONE LAST THING, IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE NIGHT I HAD EVER HAD SO I DEMAND MY MONEY BACK!
MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ME IN SEVERAL WAYS. I MEAN THE MORE THE TECHNOLOGY ADVANCES; THE MORE COMFORTCOMFORTABLE WE GET.
BUT I THINK ALSO THAT WITH MODERN TECHNOLOGY WE GET MORE COMFORTABLE SO THAT MAKES ME A PASSIVE PERSON AND NOT SO ACTIVE.
THIS CAN BE BAD TOO BECAUSE IF I GET USED TO BEING COMFORTABLE, WHEN I NEED TO DO HARD WORK I WON'T BE ABLE TO.
Everybody attented go to the show, funny, and happy in the end, and what have we go then?
Disappointed!
If you could not manage the programme, why didn't you inform people before the programme started?
I thought you understood '; please send money back to me, you know why, don't answer me?
Now we know, our world has developed to new world, because we have high technology to do.
Today, technology is a part of life.
It started from got up in the morning, we have the machine help us to cook, iron, cleaning, washing, and then we went out to work, there are car, sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly.
We appreciated the modern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly, we have time to do many things.
It is a good start to go on a sightseeing bus on Monday morning, because we can see all the famous buildings in a few hours.
On Wednesday after we have visited the National Art Gallery, we can have a chat about our next holiday during the free time in the afternoon.
Nowadays the main attraction in the newspapers and on television is the private lives of famous people.
On the whole, being rich and famous doesn't always bring happiness, whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous.
Last week we had another demonstration of this.
Firstly, it will introduce the latest fashions connecting Millennium.
Whenever I recollect it, I feel self-confident.
Firstly, I would like to say that I'm very glad to have been chosen and I will do my best for this competition.
As you mentioned about the accommodation, I would prefer to stay in a tent, because it's more exciting and I really love camping.
However, I would choose sailing because I am fascinated with the sea and its mysteries and I also like the water, the wind in my face...
The other one I would choose is basketball because I'm tall and very fast with the ball.
It was unbelievable!!!
Are you studying a lot?
I have just received your letter which made me so happy. I cannot believe that I won first prize in your competition, because I have always believed I am an unlucky man and now I think some things are changing in my life.
I would definitely choose basketball and swimming which are my dream sports.
I would like to ask a few things, especially about the weather: what is the weather like in July in the U.S.A? What kind of clothes will I need and how much money should I take with me? Because I have never been to the U.S.A. before I don't know anything about it.
I have never enjoyed doing shopping, but nowadays there are some people who are called shopaholics.
They are just like alcoholics and these people go shopping every day because they cannot stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend.
Because nowadays wherever you go there is a big queue and I hate waiting.
The queues are not the only problem. If you go by car there is the problem of parking, if you go by bus there are also queues and you have to carry a lot of carrier bag carrier bags during your journey and you won't always be lucky enough to find a seat.
Especially if you want to buy clothes with your girlfriend or if you are a girl, you have to be ready to spend hours trying on clothes.
I really hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item of clothing and they do not realise the time.
Some people say "shopping is not always enjoyable" but for me it is definitely unenjoyable and I think it will be the same for the rest of my life.
First of all, when I bought the tickets it appeared that there was no discount available.
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was staring at us.
Firstly when I went to the show it was written that the start time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight. I had waited for forty-five minutes.
I just knew I shouldn't have trusted her but as I went in the house my dad asked Pat to stay for a meal. I was in shock, thinking why isn't anyone getting angry with me? After a while we sat down for dinner and Pat just told my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry.
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland, we appreciate spending a week in London every year.
First, we couldn't get a discount, although you mention it in your advertisement.
I walked back, hoping I wouldn't come across anyone and be able to drive back home.
Firstly, could you invite stars and artists from more than only six countries?
In my opinion, it might be better to have time with a variety of nationalities.
As they know about your interests and personality, it is easy to help you.
I would like to make some comments about the event that I went to.
-Art exhibitions to teach us more things about the artist's lifestyle; and
Well, about rules in my country, the situation is not different from other countries.
The rules must be respected by all people if you don't want to be kicked out of school.
However, some of them have read an advertisement about the London Fashion and Leisure Show, which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March.
Also the most famous star can be unhappy and depressed: in fact, money and celebrity don't always bring happiness.
In addition, admission for students is free.
Yours sincerely,
On the other hand, the bond between parents and children is unlikely to change.
The smokers in the school yard, the buffet and the other pupils, who are sitting at their tables doing their homework.
That's why I believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to avoid boredom. I am sure that eventually we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free. There won't be any problem with being up-do-date.
Of course, you can't afford a luxury car and a large apartment unless you're born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
It's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salary.
I was really surprised when I opened it.
I look forward to going to the Camp California in the USA.
Because it reminds me of my childhood. I used to go with my friends to a camp, which was situated by the seaside.
Nowadays we have many big shopping centres.
The most suitable time for shopping is the weekend when parents don't work and children haven't got school.
Because of that, shopping centres are overcrowded.
You can't buy something in a peaceful and calm atmosphere.
However such centres are very useful and necessary.
In my opinion the worst thing which may happen is an extremely long queue for the changing room.
If you bought something gorgeous, you will be very happy.
Yours sincerely
I'm writing to you because of the musical show "Over the rainbow", which I saw on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre.
There are several points I have to complain about which meant the evening was not nice at all.
Instead of half past seven the show started at quarter past eight. I couldn't go to get any refreshment for two reasons, the first one is that there was no information about how long the start of the show was going to be late by.
On your tickets information is written that discounts are available, when I asked at the ticket office I couldn't get any discount for being a student.
After one hour the whole class had heard about Sarah's secret.
Everybody was interested in what she had won but nobody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told as a secret to them.
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class, when she turned around talking and whispering started.
Sarah looked at him for a while, then she stood in front of the class and explained to the others that she had won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the coast of southern France and every one of the 19 pupils was invited, except Pat who wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
I read your advertisement five days before, and I was really impressed by it.
But, the quality of this show wasn't what you led me to believe it would be, and I feel really disappointed by it.
For all these reasons, and if you want to keep me as a customer, I would be grateful if you gave me some or all of my money back.
Yours sincerely,
My marks weren't good enough to obtain my degree in Computer Science, and the exam session was finished.
I never talked about this project to anyone, except my best friend Pat.
It is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normally it is difficult to goin.
Or going to the show on Wednesday morning and in the afternoon, we can choose between free time or the National Art Gallery.
I look forward to hearing from you.
They found him two months later and six months later he was in jail.
I am writing this letter to complain about your advertisement for the musical show "over the rainbow", which is misleading in a number of ways.
Sweating and afraid I waited outside the director's office the following day.
Tears ran down my face as I admitted having stolen.
I was surprised that my father didn't watch me but I soon understood that he was ignoring me.
That evening my father said a few words: 'May this be the end of your career as a thief; we are only ready to forgive if you promise never to start again'
I am writing to reply to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in your competition, which is two weeks. I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win.
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities in our daily life at school should be filmed to give the other students an idea of what we usually do, not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time.
The purpose of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical "Over the Rainbow", which really disappointed me.
First of all, there were no discounts available such as were promised in the advertisement so I had to pay the original price which wasn't cheap at all.
Then, I was forced to wait forty-five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 instead of 19:30 and, when it finally started, I was really disappointed to see that the actors weren't Danny and Tina as it had said in the advertisement.
Your really dissatisfied customer
How has modern technology affected my daily life?
We live surrounded by inventions which help as through the day.
The reason for my decision is that other activities are also available in my country, except climbing, but I have a fear of heights so this one is not destined for people like me.
Actually, they put me very close to the stage, in the middle of the real hell.
This is the main reason why I want to ask for a refund.
People won't be embarrassed to show the beauty of their bodies.
Moreover, I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine.
During my stay at Camp California, I want to go swimming because I practise this activity regularly and I often enter competitions: this is one of my hobbies.
Then, there was only one hour left to install the different coloured lights; it was just enough time.
We would suggest going to this fabulous show.
Yours sincerely,
Despite being used in many ways, it could entertain us as well.
Although I imagine them in my house in my future, I am sure I would be surprised if I had them.
A useful helper: the personal computer can quickly help you in lots of situations.
Although the world of computers will develop day by day, I lively hope we (human beings) can maintain our way of seeing things.
I'M VERY PROUD TO BE THE WINNER OF YOUR COMPETITION! I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO SUCH A CAMP BEFORE AND SO I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO SPENDING TWO WEEKS THERE.
IT IS ONLY POSSIBLE FOR ME TO TRAVEL IN JULY BECAUSE OF MY IRREGULAR WORK.
HE 'S A SMALL ONE!
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU
YOU KNOW THAT I ALWAYS WANTED TO HELP AT A CONCERT. TO BE PART OF THE STAFF WOULD BE WONDERFUL, I THOUGHT. AND I WAS RIGHT!
AS YOU KNOW I WROTE TO THAT ORGANISATION WHICH IS ALWAYS RESPONSIBLE FOR BIG EVENTS.
ALL OF THE STAFF AND THE ORGANISATION SPOKE ABOUT THE RULES AND HOW TO SAVE PEOPLE.
WE WERE A GROUP! ONE TEAM! BEFORE THE CONCERT WE HAD A BREAK TO EAT SOMETHING AND TO TALK TO EACH OTHER.
THE CONCERT WAS VERY LOUD AND LONG BUT WE DIDN'T HAVE TO WORK HARD.
GREETINGS AND HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON
However, it was a very disappointing evening for me.
Firstly, it was mentioned that there were going to be two stars but, in fact, only one actor was performing in the show.
Thirdly, the advertisement said that discounts were available but the ticket seller said that there was no discount allowing or available.
In addition, the advertisement mentioned that the restaurant would be open after the show but it was closed because short of cooker.
Finally, I would like to ask for my money back on the ticket due to the disappointing evening out and the misleading advertisement you have created.
Nowadays, modern technology is becoming absolutely essential to our daily life.
Without all this your life would definitely change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago.
If this continues to happen our life will be very miserable as accidents happen all the time.
Thank you very much for the many interesting positions in this schedule, especially the river trip to Greenwich, which, we are sure, will be very exciting.
I would like to inform you that we have seen an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show" and we have found it very interesting.
Suddenly I heard a noise from my garden and I wanted to know what it was, but it was impossible to do it.
I was afraid that someone was near my house and wanted to get into my house.
I was very frightened, but I knew that I had to do something.
I was sure there was someone on the other side of the wall.
The only thing which really disappointed me was a visit to your theatre where I wanted to see the musical 'over the rainbow', after I read the advertisement for the show.
The things that really disappointed me were that you said Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were the actors but they weren't, different actors played and to be honest they made the whole show very bad.
To be honest that was not a great experience and I hope you will see my point.
Since everyone can afford modern technology everyone's life in the more developed countries has changed completely.
So in the last century our daily life has changed dramatically and we have become lazy and our life impersonal, fast and unromantic.
Your advertisement mentioned that the famous Danny Brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another, unknown actor who starred instead of him.
All those inaccuracies spoilt what should have been a memorable evening so I would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket.
He did it some more times, and in the end nobody took any notice of the shouts.
You are working with your ideal woman, I still can't believe that I spoke with her.
At first I couldn't believe that I was a winner
My school starts in September and it finishes in June.
If I could goin July that would be grate.
I would like to ask you, what sort of clothes should I take with me? I don't want to take too much; jeans, jumper, swimming costume, T-shirt, sports shoes I think should be O.K.
At first I was helping to sell the tickets-it wasn't difficult.
We had to check every plug, switch, light.
I couldn't believe how big a lamp can be.
Fortunately nothing had happened.
Only people who were helping and organizing this concert could meet her.
Some of them were speaking with her, I wasn't this lucky person, but still I'm happy, that I could be there.
Log cabins may be more comfortable. On the other hand I think that I will be able to "survive" in a tent.
I wish you had been here with me.
You cannot imagine how disappointed I was with myself.
We started to put everything on the stage and after this we realized that the band was coming onto the stage near us.
After all of this we saw the show from the best place, near the stage and afterwards, the thing that I most liked, we were invited to see the group and got their signatures.
I have got a few things to complain about regarding your theatre.
I decided to go and visit your theatre restaurant.
For example, once people had to walk from one place to another, but now we can use science and technology to produce a lot of petrol-powered vehicles and we can travel faster with them.
We can also use technology to produce more food and help them grow faster.
The rules at home are very different. I am allowed to do what I want as long as I study enough to aprove.
It is not always easy, but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them.
I hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesitate to contact me.
In addition to this, you may have some robots bringing the newspaper to the table, tidying up the house, and doing the shopping. Maybe they will also be your life partners.
I and my friend Emma helped to paint the scenery on the stage.
As you know, I like drawing and painting when I have some free time so that is why I chose to paint the scenery.
Moreover, the restaurant was still under construction so that we couldn't use it when we were extremely hungry.
One of the biggest things that have changed is the change in the methods of communication.
I have mentioned a few changes above but there's still the biggest one left, which is related to the field of computers.
I refer to your advertisement in the Herald Tribune where you advertised the Circle Theatre and the recent musical:
When we arrived at the theatre we realised that there were no discount tickets available as were mentioned in your advertisement so we had to buy the most expensive ones.
I am looking forward to your prompt reply.
Today the fashion industry has a great importance in the commercial market.
There are the natural materials on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry produces more and more synthetic materials, which relay on the production cost.
In 100 years most clothes will be made from synthetic material.
The contrast will be especially attractive.
Furthermore the style of the clothes is going to be more crazy and individual but there will still be numerous clothes for conservative people.
On balance fashion in 100 years time will be comfortable and colourful.
There will be clothes for everyone's taste.
Our school is really very disciplined, especially about our clothes and behaviour.
When I read the advertisement, it said that the restaurant would be open.
On behalf of the class I would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised, especially the idea of visiting a gallery.
I grew up through the water world and I couldn't live without it.
I love sports so I would like to play some basketball at the camp. By the way, my team and I won the last school championship. I play guard on my team. I also like tennis but I am not very good. I was wondering if you could give me some lessons while I am there.
I do not have words to express how happy I am. I would like to thank you and Camp California for this opportunity.
Since man became man he has needed to hunt to survive. In ancient times he used spears, bows and arrows, and the woman's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff.
Nowadays, in the year 2000 we still practise this ancient art but in a different way, we don't use weapons for hunting animals in the jungle, we use the remote to hunt TV shows, and we do not collect vegetables any more, we go shopping.
This activity of shopping has become one of our most important, after all, we go shopping for any reason, we have developed such an instinct for shopping that we can proudly say that we are some sort of kings of the urban jungle.
If an activity has stayed with us, mankind, for so long, it must give us some pleasure and maybe that's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price marked on it, that is the greatest of ecstasies.
But where is the bad part of it? Well shopping can became horrible at Christmas for example, when hundreds of people go to the shopping centre and it also can cause many problems when you become an impulsive buyer.
Shopping is not always enjoyable because of several factors.
One could be when you go into a shop and you find something that you like, and you decide to buy it, but when you see the price, you find out that it's too expensive, and you cannot afford to buy it.
This situation is very annoying for most people, and that's what makes shopping unenjoyable.
Why don't we include some sports, for example, volleyball?
Furthermore, it's a worthwhile experience for people who want to know about other countries 'arts.
Finally, with regard to tickets, it is a really wonderful idea because it is more convenient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people.
One day, when the old man went into the bamboo bush, he found some bamboo gritted white.
He had never seen such bamboo before but decided to cut it down.
THE KIND OF ACCOMMODATION I PREFER IS A TENT BECAUSE AT SUMMER CAMP I FIND IT MORE INTERESTING SLEEPING OUTSIDE UNDER THE SKY WHEN THE WEATHER IS NICE AND WARM.
I'M QUITE GOOD AT PLAYING BASKETBALL BECAUSE I USED TO PLAY FOR ABOUT FIVE YEARS AT SCHOOL. WE USED TO HAVE TRAINING SESSIONS TWICE A WEEK AND AT LEAST TWO GAMES A MONTH AGAINST ANOTHER SCHOOL, WHICH WAS GREAT.
PAINTING ALWAYS DID FASCINATE ME, EVEN THOUGH I'M NOT SO GOOD AT IT, BUT MY FRIENDS SAY I CAN REALLY PAINT AND THEY LOVE THE THINGS I DO. THE TECHNIQUE I LIKE THE MOST IS WATERCOLOURS.
DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE HELPING AT THE POP CONCERT IN OUR TOWN?
The reason I'm writing this letter to you is that during my stay in London I felt very disappointed about your theatre.
After all the inconvenience that made me feel really mad. I think I can only forgive your theatre if you give me a refund of the money I spent there, and some more for all the problems I had.
As you already know, I am trying to become a professional photographer, consequently I would choose photography as the first activity and painting as the second.
However, I would like to know if by any chance the photography activities are only for beginners.
Actually most people work hard to earn their money and consequently, the occasion on which this money is spent to buy something useful, or simply something they like, should be considered a very pleasant occasion.
In fact, the shopping you do for your daily needs is seldom enjoyable, as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and moreover you are often faced with some nasty situations.
First of all, when I paid my entrance fee they didn't accept my discount ticket, they told me that the ticket was fake, then I entered the theatre and I had to wait 45 minutes. The show was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15, "this shows a lack of respect".
Manager, I expect that you have considered my bad experience at your theatre, so I'm asking you for my money back, because it was a very bad evening.
It all started when Pat, Nick's best friend, wanted to have the party at his house. Most of the class disagreed with that because the Pat's house is extremely little, they started to say to him that his house was like a box.
Pat got very angry and sad.
At first Nick got angry but then he forgave him because they were friends and each of them could trust in the other.
Nick told the situation to the class and offered his house for the party, because it was very big, with large gardens and a big swimming pool.
To begin with the school rules, we have in fact some important ones.
Since I have studied photography for several years, I would like to take some pictures of beautiful scenery in California.
I had to pay the full price for them, which was quite expensive.
It turned out to be impossible: the restaurant was closed and we didn't even receive an explanation.
The development of portable communication systems, such as mobile phones, has greatly changed our way of life.
It is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and anytime, even if we are two thousand kilometres away from each other.
Precision industry has changed my life a lot too. I go Scuba Diving during the weekends and holidays.
I would like to travel in July because I have to go back to my country in August.
How can shopping be enjoyable in this situation!
I believed everything she told me.
I was surprised that he believed me.
Yours sincerely,
They are human beings and they need to keep a little bit of privacy and freedom in their lives to continue like normal people, to feel that they are unknown and anonymous and they do not have to wear sunglasses, hats or caps every time they want to leave home in order not to be recognised.
Furthermore, you asked me to choose two activities I would like to do.
And now for them shopping can be considered like a contrariety.
It is quite obvious that celebrities can't lead a normal life, as they are constantly followed by reporters, which makes their life miserable.
I am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is widely discussed in the mass-media.
Last of all, it says in your advertisement that there is a theatre restaurant open after the show but it turned out to be closed because it was being redecorated and no announcement was made.
Therefore I would like are refund of my ticket and I would like an apology.
Yours Sincerely,
What do you think models will wear on the catwalks?
In my opinion, clothes will be a lot different in 100 years 'time.
For the accommodation at Camp California, I would prefer to have a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent, and in case there is a big storm with heavy rain. A log cabin's more resistant than a tent.
For the activities, I chose climbing because I took a course for 2 weeks last year and now I have a good level of proficiency. For the other one I chose photography but I am not a professional, I just take some pictures on my holiday!
Next weekend I have a date with one of them, but I won't tell you the name because you'll feel jealous!
I would like to do photography and swimming.
I love to take photos but I don't have any technique.
Of course it is good to buy things for ourselves, like clothes, jewellery, anything.
When you buy something you were looking for a long time and, when you arrive at home, you discover some defect on it and have to go back to the store to complain.
Secondly, I would like to choose a tent for accommodation, because I have never spent time in a tent, that's why, I think it is a good opportunity for me.
I have plenty of experience and knowledge of both aspect of part.
I would be grateful if you could inform me.
My jobs were collecting tickets, selling goods and refreshments, guiding people to the right seat and cleaning up the concert hall after the concert finished.
What I particularly liked about the experience was the concert was achieved through our support.
I really recommend you to help them, I think this is a good opportunity and I want you to understand my feeling well.
I want to know your opinion.
On the other hand, their stories always make them embarrassed because most of the journalists create their own story based on the true story just to get the people's attention.
All of them were shocked by what they heard.
She became very shy and angry. She couldn't talk with people and she was just very sad.
I want to tell you that I am very disappointed about the play.
In the advertisement it said that Danny Brook was in the starring role.
And also it should have started at 19.30, as I saw in the advertisement, but it started at 20.15!
And so far there weren't any discounts available which were said to be "available" in the advertisement.
You should have written it in the advertisement.
Absolutely it was very disappointing
I hope you understand and will correct your mistakes in the next advertisement and send me my money soon!
Today 5 out of every 10 pupils can use a computer basically.
It is really enjoyable when I chat with people.
Technology is also important in another area for me.
But some naughty students in my class were throwing paper aeroplanes when the teacher was writing something on the board.
Unfortunately I have to complain about the musical show put on in your Circle Theatre last night.
When I received your advertisement concerning the show "Over the Rainbow" I thought that I'd have a great evening, but unfortunately it was a big disappointment for me.
First of all, Danny Brook-the main actor in this musical-was absent.
You also offered discounts-what kind of discounts?
Because the show was very long, we were getting hungry but of course your theatre restaurant was closed because of the holiday.
I had not any money for travelling and my parents were going to give me some only if I had concrete plans.
After one month, I went back home and told my parents what a lot of fun I had with my friends-I don't know why I was such a liar.
My parents believed my story until my younger brother Pat told them the truth.
Now my parents don't believe my story.
I hope you will not feel offended, but I really need to complain about your theatre.
You can believe I was very disappointed when I saw that he actually was not performing and I was more bewildered that no one made an apology for it!
Although, I would have felt better if I had had a discount on my ticket, as you mentioned in the advertisement, but unfortunately, these couldn't possibly be given either!
If more and more engineers work in science and technology, it must be because it is really useful: but in what particular way?
I would like to travel at the beginning of the month, which could be between the first and the fifteenth of July, because afterwards I have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip.
Although I like camping and sharing with different kinds of people, I'd prefer a comfortable and private place (if it's possible) where I can sleep, or be quiet.. I am not a teenager!
I was running the whole show. My responsibility was to dress her.
I really liked the exhibitions.
The band "Three Kings" presented a new style of music.
I would like to notice that the dance show was absolutely marvellous.
What a great idea to invite writers! I really liked talking with them.
You wrote an advertisement saying that people from more than 15 different countries were going to visit this concert, but there were artists from only 6 countries.
It was really a pity because I expected to see artists from France and Italy.
The International Arts Festival was organised quite well. I would only recommend you have more artists and the classical concert should be in a bigger hall.
They were so poor that sometimes they hardly had anything to eat.
She persuaded him to go to the sea to ask for a lot of things for her.
Also, the e-mail system is really helpful.
Circle Theatre
Finally we had the worst evening I have ever imagined, it was definitely not the "perfect evening" as written in the advertisement.
Synthetic materials have developed and become very popular so they would keep going.
I guess they will wear a sort of tunic over a shirt and a skirt, or more masculine clothes because they want to change.
About the accommodation, I would prefer a tent because I enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities.
In conclusion, like all things in life, shopping can be pleasant or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day.
It gives us knowledge useful for many school clubs, like the "marathon shell" club or the robotics club.
Besides it gives all the areas covered by a mechanical engineer and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mechanical engineer. It lets us identify our abilities and the part of mechanics that we prefer.
Our engineering school is specialised in mechanics and thermodynamics.
First, we could film the fluid mechanics lessons and the general mechanics lessons.
I wonder if we could not feet between some short view of the laboratories, in which we could show a student doing experiments.
Future students could appreciate coming if they could still do their sport.
Another point to record would be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time. It will show a part of the way of life in the school.
If possible, the type of accommodation I prefer is a tent.
I will be very glad to participate in your camp!
Yours faithfully
The show's date is very convenient-March 14-, and it is on in the Central Exhibition Hall so I do not think it would be a problem to get there.
Although this statement is absolutely true, it seems there is no way to stop public attention, so they will have to keep living with journalists.
My name is Marcia Fomalar, I am writing to let you know how disappointed I felt when I went to the musical at the London theatre.
I went to buy a ticket and as I like to enjoy the show near the stage I bought a £ 20 ticket but when I asked for a discount they told me, "I am sorry but there was an error in the advertisement. It will be impossible to give you a discount".
At 19:15 I was very impatient, waiting for the show to begin, and a man announced that the show would start at 20:15.
Finally the show started and to my surprise my favourite actor Danny Brooke had been replaced by another actor.
Pat sent a fax to my house with the different alternatives she had thought of but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the surprise was ruined.
The other activity that I chose is painting. I am not as good as I want, nevertheless I think I can improve my skills during this course.
I would like to know how the weather is in California during the summer so I can bring with me the appropriate clothes and the last thing I need to know is the amount of money that I have to bring with me.
To make this report easier and faster, it was necessary to make a questionnaire which was given out in the school.
However, 15% thought that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying themselves and they mentioned it as not really important.
As you can see, my classmates and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have.
A few weeks ago, my family and I had a holiday in London. The holiday wasn't too good!
During the week we decided where we wanted to go. We all agreed to listen to music so then we decided to go to your musical show and listen to "Over the Rainbow".
That evening we didn't want to have our supper before the show. Anyway I thought it would be too early to eat and also because the timetable or candidates you give me have say: "visit our theatre restaurant after the show".
So we did, but unfortunately it was closed and I was so disappointed about it, not only because we had expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove to be the actor of starring.
We don't expect much bad to happen on our holiday, but this was a perfect show as well, it was the worst show and theatre I have ever been to in my life.
sincerely Ki
To help us to live happily, scientists can easily predict the changes on earth, so that we can have time to prepare or defend ourselves from natural disasters.
Weapons are designed to kill and defend in a fight. In the Second World War so many Germans were killed. Also many people died in other regions,
Poisonous chemical compounds, e.g. gases and liquids, are created too. They have been used to kill people. Most of them produce radiation, which can disable a person, mostly harming their brain and their bodies, and it can also cause death.
Communication technology, e.g. internet (networks) and mobile phones.
In wars soilors communicate with mobile phones though places to place to get or give information about themselves and the enemy.
By using the Internet we can make new pen friends overseas, and create clubs and societies.
Now a message can travel quicker and it is also worldwide. sending letters takes about a week from Hong Kong to the U.K., but network, e.g.
Modern technology saves us a lot of time and brings us many benefits when we use it in the right way, but some bad way to e.g. send virus to break down network.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and this was the reason why the party wasn't as successful as we thought.
We decided to go to his place (I've got a copy of the key) the evening before his birthday while he was at work and decorate the lounge, then turn off the lights and wait for him in silence until he arrived.
With reference to our trip to London, on behalf of all of us, the English class in this college, we would like to thank you for your special attention in organising a good programme to learn about the interesting and cultural places in London.
We have been very excited about this and coincidentally we have found another option to add to our programme, certainly if you agree with it.
We thought that The London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformations nowadays in England concerning fashion, leisure, sports and lifestyle.
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
I was at home putting my makeup on before going to a restaurant with my friends and, suddenly, he rang the bell. He was so tense with a gun in his hands and I could no longer speak. He took me out with him.
I had tried to think about stopping him, but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to scare me and he forced me to buy cocaine using my cheques.
I am writing to make some complaints about the musical show "Over the Rainbow", of which you are the manager.
Although it was written in the show's advertisement that the main actor was Danny Brook, it, unfortunately, was not him.
It was also written in the show's advertisement that there would be discounts available on the tickets.
Even though the advertisement said we should visit it after the show, it was closed and no explanations were given.
In conclusion, the advertisement promised this would be a perfect evening out, but it was not, so I would like to ask for my money back.
One day, I innocently told Pat that I was dating Philip Smythe, the school's hunk and most popular boy.
Suddenly, an enormous sadness caught me, because Philip had begged me not to tell anyone, so he would definitely break up with me, and I knew I was going to stop talking to Pat, because she had just ruined my happiness and I couldn't trust her anymore.
One day, while I was studying maths, one of my friends, called Pat, asked me to have a coffee with her.
The problem started when I confessed to her that I had fallen in love with Larry, who was my cousin's boyfriend.
Surprisingly there was a completely different actor starring.
Unfortunately the restaurant was closed.
He is only looking for the biggest fishes and he has been unsuccessful for 86 days.
Little by little we were growing up and becoming close friends.
I relied on her and our relationship was excellent.
It is my only favourite hobby.
To reply to your question, it was really a nice experience.
As you know, I like pop music so much and the singer was one of my favourite singers.
I would be most grateful if you could let me have some information:
-Are there leisure and entertainment facilities close to the camp?
I am really surprised for the information because I won, and I would like to say thank you for everything. This is why I wrote and sent this letter with the information you need I can only travel in July because it is the only time when I can do it before for my work I do not really care what accommodation I will have. I would prefer to come in July I will be available for the moment. I would really appreciate it if you could tell the people who work at Camp California I choose the Golf and Photography because I think I am really interested in those subjects. I am not really really good but I have some experience.
I think that is everything I would like to know.
I want to apologise to you, because I haven't written to you recently, but I want to tell you what happened to me last week. I had the opportunity to help at one of the most pop concerts in my city. So imagine, I felt really really good and excited. I don't have words to describe it but I will try to do it, OK?
What's more, your letter said about the chance to do two activities during the camp.
I have even won a competition once.
I would like to know if the,, travel costs ''which you had paid include entrance tickets to the museums or any other cultural places, because I would like to do some sightseeing in the U.S.A. Furthermore, if there will be cmy tumble dryer or washing machine to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp.
When describing the advantages, we should remember that most people like doing shopping.
Very often people go to a shop-usually a big department store and buy things which they do not need.
From my point of view it depends on us whether shopping will be enjoyable or not.
My name is Manu Roddos and I am writing to complain about some things that happened at the performance of the show Over the Rainbow, which took place in your establishment, The Circle Theatre, which made me feel very upset.
I was very excited to see it yesterday, but as soon as I arrived at the theatre the problems began.
Yours sincerely,
Firstly, the great boom in mass communication which happened at the beginning of our decade, with the development of telephones, radio stations, television and even satellites, and of course, the Internet, gave ordinary people the chance to take off on a trip all over the world, and this allowed health and education research to increase as well.
In addition to that, people will always be afraid of a technological war.
In conclusion, from my point of view, people must learn that despite technology being such a new area to explore, we have to use it with a great deal of responsibility for us all to survive in the future.
And is there anything else I have to take with me?
Yes, it is true. This is only because nowadays people have more money than ever before, and some women don't earn money. They have no idea how difficult it is to earn money.
It would be wonderful to buy some books or programmes with the signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival.
I hope this letter will help you with organizing the festival.
Every pupil has to sit alone. (I mean that one desk is given to one person.)
2. One should have such marks as,, 3 ",,, 4",,, 5 ", not,, 2", which is equal to fail.
We don't have old-fashioned rules or anything like that.
First of all, it would be a good thing to say that July would be the best time to travel because it is the hottest month in the year, and the weather will be really nice.
Despite my lack of experience in climbing I do want to try this type of sport.
The aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed.
I have interviewed each student from my English class.
Firstly, the English lessons must be filmed as the most interesting lessons at our school because it will give students an interest in studying and improving their knowledge.
It contributes to the world's treasure house of literature and arouses an irresistible fascination.
We shouldn't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college, especially if we take into consideration the fact that it is in the city of Shakespeare.
Also, painting is one of my favourite things!
Anyway, I really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month so that I'd like to write about it!
Anyway, by the time we finished everything, thousands of fans came into this concert hall.
I'm writing to you with reference to the letter I have received from you saying I have won your competition.
Well, as you ask, I will tell you I would like to travel as soon as July begins, I'm going to be able only to travel in that month because of my job responsibilities.
Regarding the choice of tents or log cabins, I think I will turn to the first one because I have always loved camping close to nature, if possible, in front of a lake or a river, if your campsite has one, so that I will be able to do my favourite and skillful hobby: sailing.
I would like to travel only in July, because I have only one month's holiday this year.
It is not too comfortable, but that is not a problem for me. I like this kind of holiday.
I never had met pop stars before and I was very impressed, but I was too happy to show my shyness.
I stayed with him until the concert began and after the show I had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other dancers.
So, unfortunately, I must say that last night was one of the worst nights I ever had, and having given the reasons, I expect to be able to count on your sense of responsibility, so, I feel that I must ask for my 20 pounds I spent on that terrible night.
Also, with today's machines, factories have significantly increased their production, which brings progress to humanity, but also, with the continuous replacement of men by machines, unemployment is increasing too, and today, it worries every single citizen of the world, specially the ones who live in third world countries.
It would be a fun experience!
Women, in particular, have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see.
This was the best thing that had ever happened to the Fennall family for yeats.
Which was very shocking for her mother.
SINCE I HAVE A CHOICE OF ACCOMMODATION, I'LL DEFINITELY GO FOR THE LOG CABIN, BECAUSE I CAN'T BEAR THE HEAT INSIDE A TENT.
I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE WEATHER CONDITIONS, SO I CAN DECIDE ON WHAT CLOTHES TO TAKE, AND ABOUT COSTS, SO I CAN MAKE A BUDGET FOR THE HOLIDAY.
AFTER THE STAGE WAS BUILT, THE REST OF THE THINGS I HAD TO DO WERE QUITE EASY AND ENJOYABLE; I COULD STAY EITHER BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF THE STAGE AND GIVE A HAND IF NEEDED. I REALLY ENJOYED IT BECAUSE I LEARNT A LOT OF TECHNICAL THINGS I DIDN'T KNOW; AND WHAT I ALSO ENJOYED WAS THE GOOD PAY!
I'm writing to you to complain about a play I have seen, called: "Over the rainbow".
It was clear that Pat had to change and show his friends that they could believe in him thoroughly.
For those next few days, Pat would do his best to be as sympathetic as possible.
To begin with, every morning Pat said a pleasant "hello" and added to that a big smile.
His mother always says: "If you are smiling and are nice to people, people will be nice and will smile at you".
I would prefer to travel in July. I have only this time, because my summer holidays are during these days.
A cabin reminds me too much of my home and is too comfortable. That isn't what I want to have if I stay in a wild area.
I was able to ask anybody, and he answered in detail, although he had a lot of work.
I'm writing to you following our visit to your theatre last night.
And I would like to know if it is possible to have our money back.
And if someone else knew, I wouldn't be able to go back to heaven unless I killed the person who told my secret.
And I would like to goin the first part of this month, the second part I spend with my family.
While I will be at the Camp I would like sailing, because it is my favourite sport.
Yours faithfully
In my opinion this book 'The Old Man and the sea' is the best book which Ernest Hemingway wrote.
Thise book is about a man who knows that he will die soon, he knows that he didn't make his dream come true.
So he decided to go for a last trip in his life.
He needs to rest, but he doesn't give up.
In the end he makes his dreams come true, he catches a vast Marlin.
In this book Hemingway is trying to tell us, that if we want something, we can get it, it might be difficult and take a long time but we can do it.
Sometimes they give up, before they get something,
I read the advertisement and I thought it was going to be a pleasant evening.
From the beginning it was all a disappointment.
When I went to buy the ticket I tried to get a discount with my student card, but that was not possible.
I let this pass and I bought it anyway, thinking that it was possible that this was only a mistake in your advertisement.
But the play started forty-five minutes late, and the star of the show, of whom I'm a great fan an who was the main reason for why I decided to see the play, had been changed for another actor, who turned out to be really bad.
I think you realise why I'm writing this letter to ask you to give me my money back.
All the things that were promised in your advertisement were untrue, and it was definitely NOT the perfect evening out.
Expecting that you will resolve this misunderstanding.
There's no doubt that modern technology has changed our lives, but how?
I think that some of the changes have been very good, like the improvement in medical science, which now can save millions of people that one hundred years ago were doomed to die or to live miserable lives.
It has changed the ways people communicate.
But technology has not only changed our lives in a good way, giving us things that can make our lives more comfortable, it has also created things that aren't bad, but if they are in the hands of the wrong people they can destroy the world.
Weapons and factories are destroying our planet and we need to realise that we have to use technology to improve our lives, while always trying to respect nature.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins because I have a lot of experience of putting up my own tents.
I like to go window shopping that is good to go around the shopping centre.
Then I can say I definitely don't feel it is enjoyable.
-Accommodation: a log cabin would be nice for me to stay in when I am in California.
Before we can give our opinions on this statement we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing.
We do not speak here about luxury goods.
But if you realize how important what you buy is for your health you will go shopping with a far greater consciousness and more joy than before. '
How incredible it is!
I love swimming and also I've got a scuba diving licence.
I used to enjoy floating on the water whenever I was on holiday.
Singing is the most favourite hobby for us.
I'd like to know how much money, and how many clothes we need.
Of course, the shopkeepers are human beings as well.
But for their considerations, they're working in their routines.
I sometimes lose my desire to buy a thing because of their bad behaviour.
For example, for our jobs, special ceremonies, and so on.
Your advertisement also failed to mention the fact that there were no discounts whatsoever and, finally, because of a shortage of staff, your restaurant was not open.
I asked myself how I could be so stupid, telling her my secret after all I had been going through to keep it to myself.
Now I didn't need to go around worrying about it anymore.
I decided to thank Pat, and maybe, if possible, teach her a lesson.
I pretended to be totally miserable.
Pat didn't know what to do. She apologised over and over again and I could really see that she was more than devastated.
After hugging each other we promised never to tell others about our secrets.
However, it was delayed and it started at 20.15.
The theatre restaurant was closed after the show, they said funds had run out.
Those are totally unacceptable so I would like to get paid for my ticket cost.
I ask you to transfer money into this account.
Think about the computer, the speed of computers is much faster than before.
Nowadays, technology keeps developing and better technology gives us an easier life.
In the hope that you understand me.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
At first, when he had a girlfriend, they talked to each other frankly.
But after they separated, he told his friends her secrets without thinking.
It is like one of his bad habits.
It was a very unpleasant evening.
The restaurant should have been open when I came out, but it was closed because of the time the show finished.
After breakfast I have to use my car to get to school.
Without technology I would get really bored.
I would be very grateful to receive answers to my questions.
Boy, he's really really handsome!
Secondly, the show was meant to begin at 19.30 pm, actually it began at 20.15 pm and that was without giving any explanation!
Another thing that has changed my daily life is the mobile phone.
Sometimes the ring is annoying but, finally, the mobile phone is a great, handy object.
About the accommodation, from the two options, I choose to sleep in a tent, because I think that a log cabin isn't as authentic as a tent, at the camp.
I would be grateful if you could send me further information about details like how much money or what kind of clothes I'll have to take with me.
You know that I'm a little bit lazy, but the main reason for not writing to you has been the accumulation of exams during this month.
There I was impressed by how a singer can cause such hysteria in teenagers.
During the two-hour concert we had to attend to thirty-six people who became unconscious after being trapped in the first row by the other people.
Answering the second question, I would prefer my accommodation to be in log cabins.
And when it finally started, it wasn't Danny Brook who performed.
After the show I wanted to drink something in your theatre restaurant but when I arrived it was closed because the show started too late!
So I ask you sincerely for my money back because it wasn't a perfect evening out.
I told her that my parents are getting divorced and that I will move to Chicago with my mother.
One day, Pat and I were going home, when she asked me if I would give a party before I go.
I had to tell her that I didn't have the time to organise anything because we, my mother and I, had to get our stuff ready to move.
But when we got into the house there were all my friends!
We had a great evening because Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets!
I am writing to give the information you asked me for and also I would like to request some information about the prize.
Furthermore I would like to choose to stay in a tent instead of a cabin because I think it could be more exciting and could provide more contact with the environment.
He had a puncture and he didn't know how to repair it. Then I changed the tyre and during this time he was asking me about my hobbies, studies, everything.
I am writing to you in order to give you some details you asked me for in your letter.
The job was hard, but, from my point of view, it was worthwhile.
The most exciting thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert, and we went to the Highlands to spend the whole day there.
That was fantastic!
If you have never been there, I really recommend you to go.
But we decided to buy a picture, because she had always told us about art galleries with great excitement.
Yours sincerely
Despite the fact that going to school by bus was easier than going by bicycle, I had preferred going to school by bicycle to going by bus.
When I went to see her play, I really would love to be an actress.
It was my dream. I wish my daddy
Especially in the summer when the temperature and humidity are very high.
From the list of all the activities I have chosen photography and golf.
I have chosen golf because I have never played this game.
My friend offered me a job as a member of the technical staff at Sting's concert.
We've built it using ready metal and wooden parts.
I was working with a specialist who had to connect all the lights together to one computer and prepare a colourful show.
It was a totally new experience for me and a real pleasure working with professionals.
For me-the dance shows were absolutely wonderful.
I prefer them to others.
We chose some of them and we were glad that we had our reasonably priced ticket for all the events because we could change our plans during the event.
Most students wear jeans and a sweater.
Next year, you should calculate or examine how many people will come before you choose a hall, which I feel very good was plays and films.
And the offer of a "weekend ticket" was an excellent idea.
Because the price was cheaper than buying it separately and more convenient.
Yours Sincerely,
Finally, food shops should be added to this festival next year because only plays and films were not attractive enough to get audiences.
Yours sincerely,
However, I can go out whenever I want, even at midnight.
Secondly, boys are not allowed to have long hair.
I feel that they would be fabulous places with a western design.
Another disadvantage of the festival's programme was the lack of plays and films which are the best to display a modern country's culture, I think.
In conclusion, I would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be made.
Fortunately, there are many ways to earn some money nowadays.
In addition to baby-sitting, you may also give some lessons to small children such as (tl) teaching them to read or write or just basic rules and words of a foreign language, English, for example.
But if you don't like children and are not easy-going enough to work as a waiter you may choose the more peaceful job of a typist at home.
So, you can help them and earn quite enough.
Moreover, men prefer to do sports, because shopping wastes a lot of time, which is contrary to the tastes of women, because if they have any free time, they will go shopping.
Finally, I would be interested in meeting artists from everywhere in the world not only European artists.
In conclusion, I had an unforgettable time.
The restaurant was closed because there wasn't any electricity. You should close the theatre until the restaurant can be used.
I was totally unsatisfied with the theatre and I would like to have my money back if that's possible.
I'm quite sure that people all around the world will be wearing very different clothes in the future because people, especially women, who like to be very elegant and beautiful, will create and invent all kinds of clothes to anybody and that's it.
You can't be careful because you don't know what time it will happen.
But you can be careful when you speak with he or she who is stealing your things.
I am writing this as a reply to your request to provide you with some information about my preferences.
I am not so keen about the accommodation but would rather stay in tents than cabins.
We live near the seashore and swimming is the sports activity I am really good at.
Sometimes I feel very sorry for her.
Lots of families plan a day out to go to a shopping centre, and it is a normal routine for them-to spend all day just shopping.
I would like the trip to start in July if possible. Because this is my holiday start at the Camp California, I would like my accommodation in a tent, because I work in the Army and on the camp I usually stay in a tent at night, so I will feel more comfortable.
Regarding the activities I would like to choose Swimming and climbing for my activities at the camp; I usually do these two activities on the Army Camp. I know how to climb up on Rachiat outside and help other people to climb up.
To make a daily life video in school, we should concentrate on the things we do most in a school. The thing we do most in a school is have lessons. It will be a very useful part of this video and should be the main subject.
At the end of the video, we should find one or two students sit together and ask them a few questions about how they feel about studying at the school? This is the suggestion to making a daily life video in school.
It would be great.
And we couldn't wear any colourful clothes and socks.
I'm persuading my mum, perhaps.
I am writing in response to your advertisement in today's newspaper.
In addition to this, I was wondering if you could organize the same festival in the summer.
Unfortunately, Daniela fainted.
This story happened a long time ago.
Now Pat realized what was going on and could understand why her boyfriend got so nervous about the secret.
Nevertheless, I lost my concentration on my studies and I spent the money on entertainment.
I will never ever help anybody to organise a pop concert again.
But after this servile work I met Eminem.
As regards painting, I know a lot about it since my grandmother taught me when I was five years old.
She also told me that she has some connections with the people in charge of the lights at the concert.
Since I am going to travel I would like to know how much money it would be advisable to take and what kind of clothing I should take.
Or approximately how much money would be enough to buy souvenirs because this will be the first time for me visiting California.
Finally, I must choose travelling there in July because I am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work.
However, things which you can get with money do not necessarily fill your dissatisfaction or even as you buy something more and more, your emptiness might be greater.
And shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your partners.
On the whole, shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you might be extravagant, lose your friends and have what you don't need.
We think we could change the shopping to go to the show.
To sum up, there is no perfect job, and being famous involves a lot of money, but also a lot of journalists following your private life.
All the group would enjoy going to the show, because it is a great opportunity to see an exhibition of the latest fashions.
For example, we can't go to the toilet during lessons. We have to go there in the break.
It's too strict. I don't like it.
My name is Sandre Atos, I am writing to you because last weekend I went to the theatre you manage, to see what was called "London's newest and best musical show".
That's why I am writing to ask for some money back; I believe I have this right.
Unfortunately my parents did not realize how TV was creating a role among us.
On the other hand, due to scientific developments, I am getting better, recovering from asthma.
I had a very disappointing evening last Saturday.
I had everything planned; my family and I were coming to watch your show and then have a decent meal at your theatre restaurant but it was disastrous.
Then everything was going well until the show didn't start!
That was a disappointment for my whole family. In fact all the audience were very disappointed.
Anyway the show was nowhere near as good as it was meant to be and it was definitely worse than I had expected it to be. I didn't enjoy it at all so I was relying on the food to fill me up and relieve some of my stress.
So as soon as the show was over we walked out and followed all the signs for about 5 minutes, desperately searching for your restaurant, our stomachs rumbling for food.
What kind of an organisation do you call this, sir/ madam?
You don't understand how disappointed and angry I was that night.
In fact he was one of the principal busybodies of his neighbourhood and his school so not a lot of people in his school liked him.
Some were just friendship groups but others took it seriously, maybe just a bit too seriously. They gave themselves names and acted like gangs rather than just groups of friends, and started picking on younger people, or members of other gangs, trying to start fights with them.
This went on and on, got more and more serious, but it was so secret that the teachers didn't notice.
Everyone in the year was annoyed, but not with Pat, oh, no!
except a few psycho groups. Some of the more serious ones decided to raid this party, just for the fun and meanness of it.
Everyone was enjoying themselves except Pat, who had heard about the raid.
The time had come. The who groups had combined their forces and were ready to strike.
Lots of People were injured and even more were suspended the next day at school, when the Headmaster found out what had happened.
Pat received no punishment at all and he wasn't blamed for anything by his teachers or friends.
But he felt awful because he knew that all this had happened because of him.
Do you like do-it-yourself and is your house full of marvellous but useless things? You could sell them to a specialised shop and finally tidy up your room!
I am writing in response to the International Arts Festival, which took place on 21-22 November.
I would like to inform you that it was a great idea and a valuable activity as a social event.
However, it was a disappointment when I realised that not many countries were attending the event. I would have liked to have seen more countries from all around the world, for instance, the Far East, Indonesia etc.
On the other hand, I enjoyed being one of the people seeing the plays films, the dance shows which were brilliantly performed and the art exhibitions.
Finally, I appreciate your organisation and look forward to hearing about the next International Arts Festival.
What a pity!
Private schools have a more relaxed atmosphere than the state schools.
Of course smoking isn't allowed in any part of the school.
Apart from that I wouldn't mind at all whether I stay in tents or log cabins but if I have to choose between these two I'd prefer to stay in tents because they give me a nice feeling of relaxation. It is very unusual to stay in log cabins while you are camping.
Photography is a very interesting activity, and is not too hard to do either.
Worst of all, at the end of the Musical, I went to your Theatre Restaurant, in order to have dinner, because I had left home without eating and so I was hungry at that time.
First of all, modern technology has changed my daily life in the last five years more quickly than in ancient times, or even than a decade ago.
Nowadays, I can't go one day without consulting computer communications via e-mail or the Internet. I exchange correspondence with all my family via the Internet, with my mother and 2 brothers who live in Curitilra City and also with a brother who lives in Italy and another who is living in New Zealand.
It's written in the regulations that we can't leave the school during the breaks; we can't smoke near the classrooms; we have to justify our absences or lateness and even if you're over eighteen your parents have to justify you with the teacher.
Regarding accommodation I would prefer sleeping in a tent because I enjoy the closeness to nature while camping a lot.
I sort of felt like I had done my part to make the concert a success.
The show is going to be on Tuesday the 14 of March from 10.00 to 19.00 and we find it very interesting, because we will have the opportunity to see mews, firstly about the latest fashions, secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about make-up and hairstyles.
Thank you very much!
Most of the time they have journalists following them everywhere, looking for a great story or interesting pictures to put on the front page of the newspaper, and I don't think this is very nice, but it is the price that famous people have to pay, just because they are popular.
Anyway, this is not always necessarily a problem, but it can be a big thing for the famous person, because it gets people talking about him and increases his popularity.
In conclusion, I can say that this is not the biggest problem that the world has and-- it is not my problem because I am not famous!
Coincidentally the show is in London and on Tuesday March 14, which is during the period we are in London for the three-day programme.
However, journalists should not only think about commercial value, because morality and principles are also concerned.
I remember in August 1997 Princess Diana dying in the car crash was one of the most disastrous examples.
Although we cannot deny it is our nature-we are curious-we can improve our sense of morality and try to think about the importance of privacy for them.
Basle, 12th December 2000
In your letter, you asked me whether the book I've read would be a suitable present for your cousin's fifteenth birthday.
You wrote that your cousin is quite interested in magic, detectives and sport, didn't you? I think this is the best choice for him!
As you know, we are in England to learn your language and also to learn about your lifestyle, and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to discover this aspect of your country!
Thank you for your letter, as usual, it's a pleasure to receive news from you.
It's a fantastic book, which I recommend to everybody keen on love stories.
It's a perfect combination of passion and life's difficulties.
I reckon that it's not an easy read, but as you described your cousin, I think she really will enjoy it, she's so good at literature that it won't be a problem for her.
I really think you should choose this one for her, it does go with her personality.
It'll be a good point for her general education. Wuthering Heights is a classic, which everybody knows about, even if they haven't read it, they at least know the story.
How has modern technology changed my life?
A computer is extremely helpful with writing reports and essays.
But also I am not able to imagine my life without this nice way of receiving news with help of it.
I would be very grateful if you could let us go to the show.
Furthermore, admission is free for students.
Unfortunately, our programme is fixed but I think we could change part of the programme.
Firstly, most people can remember the sad story of "Princess Diana". She died in Paris a few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called "Paparazzi".
However, secondly, famous people are not "alien" so they might do something, for example, shameful things in a public space, or argue with a partner or family, even put on a swimming costume like us.
So they can be just ordinary people like us.
Overall, people should think about what it would be like if we were famous people... and then we can find the answer that all people, including famous people, need a private life and would like to have an ordinary life.
They were eager to have a child, but they had never been able to.
About when I would like to travel, I think that my answer will be easy for you, because I have two months off, those are July and August, so my trip should be in between. Regarding my accommodation I would like to stay in a tent because I remember my holidays in the south of Peru, a long time ago; it was wonderful.
If it is possible for you to help me clear up some doubts I have, I'll be really grateful.
Yours faithfully.
First of all, I'll tell you that on the day of the concert I woke up at 6:30 a.m., very early for me. You know me, I'm lazy. The work began around 8:30. It was very hard but then the band came to rehearse. From that moment I enjoyed working until the concert had finished. The atmosphere was wonderful, the musicians were very kind to everyone who was working because they understood that putting on a concert is a job to be done by a team.
Finally, we would like to get your permission to go. Maybe if it is possible that you can change your programme, we can go to your college any time after Tuesday.
This story happened two years ago.
Not only was I a member of the swimming team in our school, but also I had been taught by my father since I was five years old.
I started thinking about it. After all, either had I never done this task before, or trained.
It was really a reasonably priced weekend for me, but you should also introduce new activities like competitions in singing songs or drawing a portrait next year.
Secondly, the show should have started at 19:30 p.m., and it began forty-five minutes late.
Moreover, when I went to buy the tickets no discounts were available.
Furthermore, I wanted to have a coffee after the show, but when I tried to get to the theatre restaurant, it was closed.
Balloons and coloured lights were put in all the trees.
I carried a lot of chairs and looked after the queue or people who lost their way.
As we are going to be in London on this date, we think it could be a great opportunity for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions, make up, etc. and it is free for students.
Because of this, we would kindly ask you to change the programme so that we could go to this particular event.
A special invitation
It allowed people to enjoy their weekend, relax, and also it brought a foreign culture to them, broadening their knowledge.
In addition to this, one weekend ticket for all the events was only £ 10. This was excellent. It meant people only spent pocket-money, and then they could watch all the events at the weekend. For them it is a really economical way to spend their weekend.
Moreover, the stars and artists were from only six countries. In my opinion, if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries, it will make the festival more exciting, more interesting, and in my opinion, some of the concert halls were too small. The people in there couldn't even go to the loo, because it was too crowded.
These are only my immature views. If it is considerable for you, I will be very pleased. Thank you very much.
It was very uncomfortable for me.
Today I received your letter. It is the most wonderful news I have heard in a long time.
I am so pleased that I won this prize that I cannot explain how grateful I am.
Because of this situation I will be very busy in the first week of July, and I would appreciate it if you could give me the option to begin my "Camp California" experience on July 10th.
About the accommodation I would prefer to sleep in a tent, because I have never been in one, and it is a lot more fun than log cabins.
Because I have seen my father playing golf since I was a child I am very keen on this sport, and also I love photography because I have got a great camera.
When I was a child I never liked to go shopping because my Mum spent so much time in the shops that I remember that going shopping with her was a nightmare.
It is amazing how people change over the years For example now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things, and every week I have to buy something.
But these days shopping is not always enjoyable, because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer and you pay the full price, at the end of the season it is half price. I find it very unfair for people who pay a lot of money for their clothes.
Anyway, shopping is always satisfying for rich people, because they can afford it and they don't mind paying the full price for their clothes.
Modern technology can't not transform our daily life.
The inventions of the aeroplane, of the train and of the car, have reduced the distances of the world, so we can go to the other side of the world in half a day.
Everything has changed: style, colour, quality. Fashion.
We saw almost all kinds of skirts, trousers, coats, skirts and even hats-which until now have been the main point of many fashion creatures.
Grey and black-like the seasons, like people's characters, like all the night and dark surrounding us.
In the advertisement, it said that Danny Brook was starring, but in place of him there was a different actor and he was really disappointing.
As you can understand, it was a dreadful time and I want my money back as a consolation for the disappointment I had.
I support this idea which is convenient both for the public and the organisers.
It is awful!
However, we promised our parents to do some cleaning every week.
What is more, there are many new ways to produce medicines and modern hospital equipment.
The second is nuclear weapons and the many wars in which modern equipment is used.
To sum up, as far as I am concerned, modern technology has changed my life completely.
Last week, during my holiday in London, I had the opportunity to see the show "Over the Rainbow" at the Circle Theatre.
The day of the show, we got to the theatre at 19:30.
Third, the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef did not show up.
You can feel the fresh air and listen to the animals. This will be a great opportunity!
I am not good at either activity, but it will be a pleasure to try them, especially surfing. I would like to feel the wind in my hair, and enjoy how quickly the board goes over the sea.
I mean, it is too crowded, you have to wait such a long time before you can pay, and most of the things are too expensive!
I was looking forward to a great evening, but much to my surprise, that was not exactly the case: there were no discounts available, such as were mentioned in the advertisement; the show started 45 minutes late; I was then very disappointed to see that Danny Brook had been replaced by someone else.
Yours faithfully,
I will take the example of the use of the Internet.
I am writing to you because yesterday I went to the musical "Over the Rainbow" and I had a bad evening.
First of all, I would like to travel in July because this is the beginning of my holidays, and I would not like to miss some of my school classes.
Besides, I would prefer to stay in a tent, because I got used to being in tents since I spend my holidays every summer with my friends in the hills.
In addition, I would prefer playing tennis.
I also like surfing. I think it is a dangerous sport, but I know how to do it, because of the fact that last year a professional surfer taught me.
I'M WRITING TO YOU TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MUSICAL SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW" WHICH WAS PERFORMED LAST WEEK.
YOURS SINCERELY
Because I am a university student, I have got classes until the middle of June and I have to attend a 'Research and Development Conference' at the end of June.
Otherwise I have to work at a business department office as an assistant from the beginning of August.
I always want to buy T-shirts, Jeans, Skirts, cosmetics, haribands, accessories, rings, earrings, bracelets, shoes, hats, bags, fancy stationery, interior stuff and CDs.
Instead of buying something, I buy some fresh food and Ice-cream.
I can try all the shoes, clothes, hats, accessories and jackets on.
Actually, I could have a chance to ask her about music, her favourite artist and her hobby.
Likewise, there were no discounts available.
Because of all these inconveniences, I ask you for a total refund.
So when Caroline, his girlfriend, told him something personal and very important, because she trusted in him, immediately he went to see one of his friends to tell him the secret.
So immediately she went to Pat, angry, in order to argue with him, saying that she was annoyed by the way he behaved, and that it wasn't the first time that he wasn't capable of keeping a secret.
But after I climbed two steps more, my right foot slipped. I nearly fell, but luckily my hand caught a rock. It was dangerous, but I didn't have any choice. Finally I did it.
I think it was definitely not the perfect evening guaranteed in your advertisement.
I was terribly annoyed!
I am always available on my mobile phone, which is also boring sometimes!
I often go on the Internet to find information when studying a particular subject more closely (university technology sites).
At work my particular job involves two standard PCs with specific software plus one workstation with the Stanford University Network (SUN) operating system and a special computer that my firm is now developing.
I hope this matter will receive your prompt attention.
For example, if you were hurt seriously like cutting your leg off, the new medical technology could rebuild part of your body.
Also we should be careful as we could be watched by security cameras which have been combined with modern technology.
In conclusion, I conciderly said we has been charged by morder technology in two ways.
I am not very good at painting, but I choose it because it is a good opportunity to do it.
I don't want to disappoint you, but I am beginner!
In this book, Heathcliff as a child wasn't a bad character, but the situations he lived through with the Earnshaw family, where he grew up, made him rude, aggressive and noisy.
Before Heathcliff died he achieved what he wanted.
In your letter you ask me to choose between tents or log cabins. Well I prefer to stay in a log cabin.
It is more comfortable and I am afraid of wild animals.
The other activity I like very much is swimming.
First we had to prepare the stands with food and drink and buy something which had been forgotten.
He is very beautiful!
Fortunately we had no problem.
I was very proud of myself and the work I had done.
Modern technology has completely changed my daily life, which has become more comfortable, and easier.
Thank you for the excellent programme you have organised for our class.
We would like to inform you that we are all extremely interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because entrance is free for students.
We would like to ask if we could go to this show on the 15th March instead of doing the visit to the Science Museum.
Who has never dreamed of being a famous singer, sportsman, actor or a politician?
Firstly, this is because there are a lot of scandal magazine readers.
What a catastrophe!
A disaster!
Also, I used to assist my brother, who is a professional photographer.
When I read the advertisement for the show I was really excited but after the show I was not very happy because of the following problems.
The advertisement says that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play but in this show there were totally different actors and that was really disappointing because I was looking forward to them.
The advertisement also says that there are discounts available but this is not true, there were none.
Why do you give this information in an advertisement?
I have only one question about the baby's accommodation.
So, you won't believe me, but I enjoyed helping at an Oasis concert.
Me and my friend were there to hear the sound-check, and when I understood what was happening on the stage, I decided to help them.
Of course you know I'm a singer, so I came back quickly to my home, I picked up my microphone, and I handed it to the singer.
Can you imagine?
I will consider taking this complaint to court if I do not receive an acceptable explanation from the theatre.
On the other hand, people in the future will probably wear clothes to protect themselves from the polluted air and water, the harmful ultra-violet rays from the sun and all the dangerous and poisonous gases or chemicals which are the product of a developed and full-grown country.
Therefore, I will suggest that we all nov to keep the environment clean and healthy for the next generation.
When I first heard about Over the Rainbow I was very excited about the idea of seeing it, plus when I heard about the extras that the circle theatre was offering, it became the best opportunity I ever had to attend a musical of that type, but instead of being the best evening I ever had, it was a total disaster and that's the reason why I am writing to you.
First, the actors that the Circle theatre publicised on their tickets for Over the Rainbow were not there, which was very disappointing because the actors starring in the musical were one of its major attractions.
Another point that I want to complain about is the time that the musical was supposed to start (19:30) but it started at 20:15, so there was major dissatisfaction with that, but the last and worst thing was that your theatre restaurant was closed because the British health institute considered your food unhealthy, and I am not taking into consideration many other points like unsatisfactory service, and uncomfortable seats.
Science and Technology is a theme very much discussed nowadays, most of the community of our city, and of the world, where technology has arrived, confirms that it has in some way improved their way of life.
But not everything about technology and computers is good, because many people, and me in a control way, have become computers 'and technology's slaves, and we cannot do anything without a machine, and I am not saying that it's wrong or bad, and I accept that they make our daily tasks easier, but we have to maintain our independence as humans.
First of all, there are quite a lot of advantages to shopping, which are that it can be the solution to our stress and boredom.
Also shopping makes people happier by costing a lot of money and it even influences the economic situation more flexibly.
Also there are plenty of dangers since lots of people have their wallet stolen because it is a public place and there are too many people.
In addition, shop owners often cheat their customers by increasing the cost secretly.
I'm really pleased I won your competition!
I'll give you the necessary information about me.
The most suitable time for me is July because in August I intend to go to the countryside, where I have a small farm.
You offer me a lot of activities.
It was absolutely great!
I gave information about correct ways to other places like toilets and medical points.
I looked very carefully at the organisation of the event, you know I'm interested in it.
I was so surprised to hear from you.
I was really grateful when I received your letter which informed me that I have won first prize in your competition.
Personally I prefer to stay in log cabins because they are much more comfortable than tents.
Unfortunately I am not good at either of them.
I really hate it, because we're not allowed to wear casual and fashionable clothes, colourful shoes or colourful socks.
I am very excited and looking forward to the new experience I am going to have.
I would prefer to stay in tents because I love the atmosphere of camping, but I wouldn't mind staying in log cabins.
It is based on information made available by students from each class at school.
It seemed to be the most interesting lesson, because students always make some mistakes while they are practising with their partner, in spite of having been told by the teacher ten times.
Spending time together out of the class is a nice experience.
Firstly, I should say that I would like to travel in July because that is the month which I could most likely have off from work to go on holiday.
That is because, I do not want to seem fussy, but I like to have some luxuries when I am going on holiday and I think sleeping on the floor without electricity may annoy me.
Conversely, painting is an activity which I have never tried before, so I have not any skill in drawing but I would like to start doing that now when I have the chance.
On the other hand, I would like to know some information which could be useful on my holiday like: what type of clothes would be more suitable for me in the Camp?
I am writing to tell you about my experience at the pop concert last month, where I was helping my friend Nick, who was the bouncer at the venue.
My job was to accommodate to the people of the main sit of the theatre.
So, I hope to see you soon to show you all my photos.
I think it was very clever of me to record that moment which I will never ever forget, and that was the thing that I liked most about that experience.
I'm writing to you to make a complaint about your musical show: "Over the Rainbow"... Last week, I, my husband and our two children went to your theatre to have a good time, but we were so disappointed.
Moreover, there weren't any discounts available like writing in your advertisement.
I will always say thank you very much to the inventor who has invented the machines which do the washing and the washing-up, before this, women spent a long time doing these tasks.
I am writing to give you further information about me which you need for Camp California.
In conclusion shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too busy.
1. Grammar, which is the basis of learning English.
Speaking: it makes you more confident when you talk with other people.
It lets you get more practice.
Writing. This class teaches you how to organise what you want to write.
It is important to practise your English after lessons.
If you have a problem studying, try asking the teachers about which is the best way to study.
Yours sincerely
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you told me I won the first prize.
So I want you to send me some money back for that unpleasant night.
The headmaster wanted to tell the police what we had done so we decided to imprison him in a little house we had twenty kilometres away from the village until we could change his mind.
We took some photos of him naked and told him not to tell anybody about this because if he does we will hang the photos all around the village.
In the following edition the headline was: "Why does a teenager sleep with a toy called Max?" Everybody laughed at her.
I would like to travel only in July because I will have some holiday at that time.
3 When you are ready to shop, sometimes you know beforehand what is your priority, because probably you need one thing rather than another.
But the best thing that we do, when we go shopping is spend time having lunch at a snack bar, watching movies and playing computer games.
Last month, I worked as a roadie at a Rolling Stones pop concert. I was responsible for the sound.
Some people when they are tired relax by sleeping, reading a book or watching television, but not me.
There are always, at the end of the afternoon, some well-dressed women coming from their offices and they just spend one hour in the shop without buying anything.
However, it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable, for example before Christmas or during some special sales.
Secondly, the show began forty-five minutes late and nobody told me what had happened.
I preferred riding a motorbike with the people who studied with me in the Institute.
You have a chance to meet people and now you have an opportunity to select good friends.
I like Danny Brook as an actor and when I read that he would be starring, I booked the ticket immediately.
I belong to the generation who have grown up with a lot of new technology.
For example, TV, telephone, microwave etc.
I thought I would never need a mobile phone, but my mum and dad gave me one for Christmas last year and now I can't live without it!
But the invention that I'm most thankful for is the computer and the Internet!
So, I start every day by switching on my mobile phone, to see if there are any more SMS messages before I go to the library to check my e-mail and that's just the beginning of the day...
Second, I would rather stay in a log cabin, because I tend to get very nervous in small closed places, so a tent would be inappropriate for me.
I haven't played golf for a long time, so it will be pleasant to do so.
Yours sincerely,
The fans started shouting and whistling for the show to begin, while I just stood there trying to see what had happened.
When we saw your advertisement for the musical show, over the rainbow, we immediately decided that this would be a perfect evening out.
Thirdly, in your advertisement it said that discounts would be available, but they were not.
I am therefore asking for compensation for our disappointing evening and hope we can reach a solution as soon as possible.
I really like Pat, she's funny, has a good sense of humour and like me she loves to discuss everything.
I have received your exciting letter, informing me that I have won two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
I much prefer sleeping in tents. It seems more sociable and really sounds like holidays.
So one week before the concert I went to "L'Arena" to meet the other worker and receive the instructions.
I've had the honour of helping their sound engineer and branching the cables for microphones, guitars etc.
We really started to work like ants the morning before the show.
It was exciting looking at all three men working together and building a stage, and it was interesting to help the sound engineer to check the sound and configure his computers to get the best sound possible.
About two hours before the beginning of the show, we met the band and received tickets to go backstage. That was wonderful, maybe better than the concert itself!
That's a great experience!
Apart from this, photography is one of my favourite hobbies and I usually spend nearly all my spare time doing it and of course I have some diplomas as well.
I would like to request some information about accommodation and if you could specify what this trip includes, since I need to know how much money I have to take.
I feel that this was a good opportunity for me, not only for my professional but also for my personal life.
According to my job, I had to help the teams with the outlights and, of course, it was my first professional experience: in the end I felt like one of them, because they were so kind to me, and I could help a lot and I learnt a lot with this project.
I prefer that kind of accommodation because I can have a kitchen or even a bathroom there, but I can't have it in a tent.
These are my favourite because they have a lot to do with water, but I like them more than surfing.
I agree with this statement especially when we talk about small shops in the centre of a big town.
These days people prefer shopping at supermarkets rather than at shops or even shopping centres, because shopping at a shop is less enjoyable and you spend the same amount of money.
There were 963 people at the "Armageddon" that night!
You must show a great sense of responsibility.
I'm sure you are jealous now.
Now I am studying and I'll continue my studies until the end of June.
I think it's a very useful and helpful thing for my health, especially when I do it with pleasure.
The second of my favourite sports is tennis.
I've played tennis for ten years. I'm a professional and I have to be good at it, in any time.
The most enjoyable thing was to dress people.
But when we saw our show and heard how loudly the audience applauded them we were proud and understood that we spent a good time. You should try it and see.
I would like to stay in a tent because I used to go camping at weekends but if there's any problem I could be very comfortable in a log cabin too.
I have never tried either of them before and as a result I can't be good at them but I've always wanted to sail because I love the sea and now I have the opportunity.
If you don't mind I would like to know what kind of clothes are appropriate for the camp and for the Californian weather.
First of all, we usually go to the shops at the same time as the rest of the world and that's a little bit complicated because the shops are full and it's impossible to try accurately.
I would be grateful if you could send me the full details.
In the following paragraphs I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of shopping.
In a supermarket, shop or department store they have many things.
It is very convenient.
Sometimes, there are so many people and they are not friendly at all or you are in a hurry while you are in a long queue.
Most people enjoy shopping because it is more convenient today but if you found a busy place for shopping or it was not as good as you expected.
Dear Sir or Madam, With reference to your advertisement regarding the musical show "Over the rainbow" I am writing to you with the intention of giving you an impression of our experiences attending the above-mentioned show. We were disappointed to realize that not Danny Brook but a different actor played one of the main characters.
According to your advertisement the play should have started at 19:30.
What made the situation worse is that no explanation for the delay was given; not even an apology.
A story of an old seaman leaving his town to prove that he is still able to catch the biggest fish ever caught.
Last week I was on holiday in London and I was very disappointed when I visited your theatre.
First of all, the show was supposed to start at 19.30, but it was delayed until 20.15, and when the show finally began we were surprised to see that Danny Brook, who was the star of the show, was not playing and someone else had replaced him and he was really disappointing.
Anna told her again: "Pat don't tell anyone please, especially my brother, everything would be ruined then". And Pat answered: "Don't worry I won't tell anyone".
The big secret was that Anna was preparing a surprise party for her brother John and she didn't want anyone to know about it.
It will be a pleasure to give you all the information which you need.
As far as I know accommodation at Camp California is in tents or log cabins.
It's more convenient for me.
I am a good defender.
I'd like to know what temperature it will be in July in California and your advice about how much money I will need to have an unforgettable holiday!
If we decide to buy something special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it.
During a prior holiday in London I came across an encouraging advertisement for the show and decided to see it.
Unfortunately, I was very disappointed to find out that there were no discounts available!
In addition, I was very annoyed by the fact that the event had started at 20:15-not 19:30 as stated in the advertisement.
I've always enjoyed danger and this time getting the password was, indeed, a tough cookie.
Especially now, when 'big-mouth' Pat has spread the news to literally everyone. I wouldn't be surprised if suddenly something bad happened to me.
Furthermore, for the activities I want to select Tennis and Basketball because I have been playing tennis since I was young and basketball because I played for the team in my college as the captain.
Anyway, this was my experience working at the concert. If you have an opportunity to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well, OK.
I am writing to you, in reply to the letter I have recently received, to inform you about some details that I am concerned about.
In your letter you presented the possibility of choosing two activities and I would like to let you know that I would be pleased if I could join in with basketball and climbing, as I am very good at both of them because I played basketball in my secondary school as captain of the team and due to my long training sessions lifting weights.
There is, as well, the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself in the crowds, crammed in the small shops during the only day-off you have to buy something you like.
All this can easily lead to a nervous breakdown, particularly when you realise that your money has been stolen either during your difficult way through the crowds or while you were queuing to pay.
I'm the winner of the first prize in your competition and I'm writing to you to give you some information which was requested by you.
And it's creating a lot of addicted people, called "shopaholics".
I am writing to you because I had a very disappointing evening at the Circle Theatre.
He told me that it was necessary to do something about it.
As Pat was losing his patience, he decided to talk to him.
I can say that I was very nervous and anxious about what was going to happen.
I am writing this letter to inform you about the decisions I have made regarding your questions.
When I was a child I was afraid of all these little insects that live in the ground and this fear still remains now.
I also think that the log cabin will be much more comfortable than the tent.
Basketball and swimming are the two activities I have chosen.
Finally I would like to ask you for some further information about the clothes and the money we will need.
I was only responsible for the property of the back stages.
I was shocked and terrified the first time I saw them, but the truth is that they are men like us.
They have a very simple life and behaviour when they aren't on the stage.
Definitely, it was not my perfect evening at all and under these circumstances I really believe you should give me my money back.
I received your letter about the two weeks I won at camp California in the U.S.A.
I would like to travel in July because I will have holidays in that month.
Yours sincerely
Also, we will take the drinks from our canteen and there will be a group of musicians for our entertainment.
I was surprised because I did not know what he wanted.
When I went he wanted to tell me that from the next month I would be his personal secretary and my salary would be twice what it was previously.
Unfortunately, the musical show wasn't much like that the one the advert had described, and that is why I want to ask you for some money back.
Now I have a new computer, which is very easy to use, and comfortable for my fingers and also faster.
And he can answer me very quickly.
I think it is now the future of big companies to work with the Internet.
I am writing to inform you of some problems we had.
We had to wait over 40 minutes
It seemed to sink into the sea, but fortunately, the storm soon went away.
Finally when it started we noticed to our surprise that it was not the right actor on stage.
Afterwards we wanted to go for a pleasant dinner.
Anyway, we definitely know that they're going to change.
In the paper it was written that the principal actor is "Danny Brook" but it wasn't him, it was a different actor whom we had never seen, or heard.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, this sentence is very popular in our school.
I helped to guide foreigners who would like to participate in that.
Thank you for your letter. I was so happy to receive such good news that I couldn't believe it.
Regarding the accommodation at Camp California, I prefer to rent a tent, which is going to be more fun, I think, but are the tents singles?
Is there only one teacher for each sport, and how many are in each group?
It's the place where you can meet your friends, where you can talk freely, and there are no teachers. It could be a good contrast to the seriousness of the lessons.
Finally we should film the lunch, which is also a moment for the students, and for the teachers, to relax. We mustn't forget to film the staff room because if a school is made of students, it's also made of teachers.
I would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the competition for two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
First I want to thank you for all the congratulations, and I'll try to answer all your questions about, for instance, travel and accommodation. I have to tell you that it is only possible for me to go on holiday in July because my father is very ill and it is only possible for my sister to take care of him in July (because her small children are in summer school at that time.
I was so happy and surprised that first I could not really believe it.
Secondly, regarding the accommodation, I would say I prefer living in a tent rather than in a log cabin because I used to sleep in a tent when I was staying in a local scout camp in my country.
Thirdly, I have chosen Sailing and Photography from the list you gave me because both of them are my favourite hobbies and I have been enjoying Sailing and Photography for several years so I am quite good at both of them.
Finally, I would like to ask you whether I have to prepare any special clothes for camping or will the camp provide them for me.
A group of girls can stay in a shopping centre forever.
Thank you for your letter and I am very pleased that I won the first prize in your competition.
In addition to all this, I would appreciate it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much I shall be paid for the trip.
Another reason is that it will be more useful for foreign students who want to speak English.
The number of foreign students has recently been increasing.
To sum up, it is recommended that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed.
First of all I would like to thank you for giving me the opportunity to travel.
You asked me some questions about the day that suits me the best to depart, the accommodation I would like to have and so on.
Travelling in July, I have to say, would be perfect for me because my birthday is on the 24th of that month and I wish to spend my birthday in the best way possible, so that means there.
I also would prefer to sleep in tents, which are more comfortable, and, because I have been doing lots of camping, I am quite used to this kind of accommodation.
The activities I have chosen both represent a passion for me.
We are writing to you to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow", which we saw last week in your Theatre.
The advertisement said that it starts at 19.30, but it actually started at 20:15 due to a problem with the sound.
We were also surprised to discover that the student discounts weren't available for us, because they didn't accept our student identity cards from Switzerland.
What is the effect it has on your environment?
The major problem for the industrial cities is to deal with the bad effects of pollution on the environment.
A lot of money is involved in research to stop the increase in levels of pollution.
To sum up, all the improvements come at a price: the condition of the environment.
When it was time to take the final exam, she became ill and she couldn't do it so the teachers decided to allow her to pass the course because she had a lot of good marks, but on the other hand the principal disagreed and didn't give permission to pass her.
She had to repeat that course and all her friends passed and as is usual the girls from the last course became popular.
Pat, to win her new classmates 'friendship, told everything that she knew about her friends and, because of what Pat said, her friends ended their friendship with Pat because their popularity was damaged.
And it is even more difficult to predict what clothes in the future will look like.
I saw the performance and it was not as it was described in the advertisement I read in the local newspaper.
Then, I was planning to buy three £ 20 tickets because it was mentioned in the advertisement that there were discounts available but that was not true, so I could just buy two tickets and my son could not see the show.
Finally, I was thinking of having dinner in the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed due to some problems with the employees.
What was supposed to be a perfect and enjoyable evening, resulted in a very disappointing time.
So I would be grateful if you paid for a full refund of the money I spent on the tickets.
Computers, radio, CDs, satellite television and a lot of other things have changed my daily life.
Another advantage is that, for example, satellite television, which is an example of modern technology, keeps me informed about what is happening in the whole world.
After considering your accommodation offers, I'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible.
It would not only emphasize the sharp contrast between this and the classroom atmosphere but also show how they are as young people.
On top of everything, the restaurant which was advertised in the advertisement was closed because it was being arranged.
You can imagine how disappointed I felt after that evening, and I am writing to ask you for a refund of part of the money.
But, in other things, I think modern technology hasn't changed my way of life too much: I do more or less the same as I did some years ago: I get up in the morning, go to school, have lunch, study and go out with my friends without being affected by microchips or nuclear energy.
I have happily received your reply and I want to thank you for this marvellous prize you have given me.
After helping to do that and many other things, my friends and I watched the concert and before Green day (the group) left, they came up to us an thanked us for all the hard work we did, and shook our hands.
It started at 20:15 leaving us waiting for forty five minutes.
In the future people will wear clothes made of polyester and nylon because cotton and wool will be rare and expensive.
Also I think clothes will have many gadgets on them like a small oxygen mask in case someone goes in a place with extended pollution-I think there will be many such places in a hundred years-and a hat designed to protect people from the strong rays of the sun at midday because the ozone layer will be destroyed in a hundred years and the sunrays will do damage to the human skin.
Now, it is already possible to send our shopping list by computer, and this option, in the next few years, will become the most common one.
The new technologies will probably produce a considerable revolution in some essential parts of the house.
For example, we will have computerized ovens, microwaves and freezers, or we will probably have central heating controlled through the Internet from our office.
Firstly, log cabins are more comfortable than tents.
Is there a possibility of exchanging different currencies to US dollars?
When you think of shopping, it reminds you of going out (mostly) with friends, looking for new things like clothes, accessories etc. and buying them.
Then in the advertisement it said that the performance began at 19.30.
I was very nervous.
So this evening was terrible.
And now I request my money back.
Among them, the mobile telephone, computers, telefaxes, different appliances for the kitchen, machines which help housekeepers to do any work about the house.
So with the appearance of new modern technology people have got much more free time.
Some years ago people, especially students, had to run to libraries in order to find a book about something.
I use the Internet very often, and I must say it is very convenient.
If I need to say something important to my parents or my friends, or if something terrible has happened to me, I do not have to run somewhere to find a telephone box.
With it people do their work more quickly and successfully.
I saw an advertisement which made it seem very attractive to me.
Firstly, I decided to go see your show to be entertained by the performance of Danny Brook so I was very sad to find another actor on the stage.
It's unbelievable it was 45 minutes late.
We stayed with a host family in a suburb of the city.
The man said it was OK this time and we got in quite easily, we'd made it.
I'm excited to be going on holiday there and, thanks to you, I will realize a dream that I always wanted to do.
Yours faithfully
On Monday we could first go to the Science Museum and in the afternoon to Greenwich.
Everyone knows you because of the journalists, so you can't just ignore them, can you?
I am writing to you because of the unpleasant evening I have had recently.
Earlier I had seen an advertisement for the show but the information on it was false.
The last thing is that it was impossible to go to the theatre restaurant because it was closed.
I would like to write about how it has influenced my daily life.
I am a student at a technical university.
When I needed some information I had to go to the library to find it in books or newspapers.
The computer is helpful when I want to contact somebody very fast.
The second thing is that when I needed a phone card to call somebody I had to stand in a long queue.
Although we would like to visit the science museum, we can leave it to the next opportunity. What we suggest doing is instead of going to the museum in the morning we go to the Leisure Show and keep the afternoon programme the same.
I knew I could not make any movement for my safety but I did and to my surprise it ran away.
Since I am a student I have to follow the vacation programme of my school, which means that I would only be able to travel during the month of July.
Concerning the activities, as a matter of fact tennis is my favourite sport and I am very keen on it. For the second activity I would like to enrol in surfing, because my husband, who is already a proficient surfer, keeps telling me about the excitement of this sport, and I think it is worthwhile trying, therefore I'd love to be in the beginners 'group.
It offers a wide choice of courses from cooking, computing, make-up, languages, geography, to culture and civilization.
Once students have taken a shower after hard physical training they enter real life. Depending on their levels of proficiency, they have to study for instance languages which I personally find very important for a person working in the tourism industry because they enable staff to communicate with clients in a proper way. Students have to manage to speak at least three languages.
Another important lesson to film is "culture and civilization," so people will know that the waitresses trained at this school are not simply, as the French say, "pot-au-fleurs", beautiful faces, but also well-read people.
Last but not least is the class called "know-how", which shows students how to cope with unexpected problems even if they are stressed.
To whom it may concern,
Firstly, the advertisement said that Danny Brook was going to star in the musical but it turned out to be a completely different person, which was very disappointing.
Secondly, according to the advertisement, the musical was supposed to start at 19.30 but it actually started at 20.15, which caused me problems.
With all the dissatisfaction above, therefore, I would like to ask for some of my money back as my evening was not what it should have been.
She saw some familiar faces on the other side of the street.
And if it is possible, I would rather be accommodated in log cabins because I would not like to share the bathroom facilities with someone who I do not know well.
I am in the school swimming team and I am interested in photography professionally.
Could you please tell me what kind of clothes I should bring with me and whether the company offers us some expenses money to spend?
And what's more, there weren't any discounts available and the theatre restaurant was closed: the only people who could enter were the actors and the staff.
Well, it seems that it wasn't my perfect evening and for all these reasons I demand to have my money back, I wasted £ 20 to see a show which doesn't respect the programme I paid for.
Science and technology can be useful: see for example the use of TV in the school or the use of the radio to learn a foreign language or the use of the computer to get further information about something that interests you.
Again we're so sorry that we are causing you inconvenience regarding your plan and thank you for considering us.
But we could have everything we want.
Home might be a mixture with modern styles and a natural appearance as well.
These days a lot of countries have been worried about lands that can't have enough space to build houses.
Because we are living a computerised life, we'll able to do most things at home or these flats'll have these places as well.
On the other hand, what might still be the same is to have good places to take a rest at home, such as a beautiful garden, a small terrace.
Last week I went to the Circle theatre, for which you are responsible, to see the musical show "Over the Rainbow".
I think modern technology has changed mankind's life a lot, especially since last century.
The changes brought by modern technology are so important that today no one can live without this technology or without a part of it.
In my situation for example cars and motorcycles are a necessity: I live on a little mountain at 160 metres altitude so I cannot go to the city using a bicycle. Because of my "isolation" the telephone is very important and I need a good personal computer with a modem and the Internet to study or do research, because there are not any book shops to buy or borrow books in my little town.
Only those who get good marks can take part in these activities, so sports activities are seen as a prize, so while the students are playing basketball, tennis, volleyball... or they are swimming you can see satisfaction on their faces, and our volleyball team is excellent.
Be careful, my own technology can kill me.
The only convenient time to travel is in July.
This part had to be saved for later because the concert organiser wanted to know the exact number of visitors.
Here, I had to check the bags and coats of the girls.
I think it's because the last time I travelled (with my friends), we stayed in log cabins, and when I was sleeping I felt something moving on my skin, then I woke up frightened and when I opened my eyes, I saw lots of big ants!
Gratefully
I met all the staff, and Ricky took lots of photographs with me and gave me an autographed Record.
I am also writing to make a suggestion and to give you my opinion about next year's festival.
An international arts festival is a great idea, but at the last die there were stars and artists from only six countries, and it could be more interesting to have the opportunity to meet artists and stars from more than six cultures.
I could not listen to one of my favourite classical concerts, "La Moldava" by Smetana.
In Italy there aren't a lot of rules at school and they aren't very strict.
I am writing to you in order to describe my last visit to your theatre.
Unfortunately, I am very disappointed about the organisation of your company.
Firstly, the musical show started not at 7.30 p.m. but 45 minutes later.
I don't know whether it is a typical situation in the Circle Theatre that it promises much more then the people can get for their money, or whether it was on June 7 (my visit) only, but I do not approve of such a situation and must ask you for my money back-my bank account number is enclosed.
Because people have fast and comfortable cars, they are much more mobile and can spend their free time more actively-they can often visit their friends and travel much more.
Secondly, we can do our jobs today more efficiently.
I found your advertisement in the tourist board offices and as the musical "Over the rainbow" seemed to be a good option I chose it.
After a long time walking we decided to return and now the weather was so hot we decided to find a place to drink something.
I'm really very unlucky.
However, we saw an advertisement for "The London Fashion and Leisure Show" and we would all like to go and see it.
We could immediately see that it was broken.
All synthetic material will be uncomfortable for these people.
Women will prefer long skirts and short blouses and jackets.
Men will wear as usual-a suit.
For special occasions, for example a party, a concert, people will dress very smartly. I think that it will be dresses, and suits sewed by the well-known tailors.
I think that we will observe a few slow changes in fashion, but I hope that new clothes will always be pleasant for people.
As we have seen the advertisement for the programme the school arranged for us as a farewell activity, we are very appreciative and would like to thank you for your kindness, as all of them are very interesting and give us a chance to meet and join the other class, which we have hardly done at all.
So this is a great opportunity for us to get used to the real world of fashion design, because in this show there will be a fashion show, a demonstration from make-up artists, and a contest for hair stylists.
Furthermore, most of the famous brand of sportswear companies will be at this exhibition with their new products for the coming season.
Anyway, instead of going shopping in the afternoon session, we will attend the show.
We all think the programme is organised well. In particular we're so keen on the idea of going to the National Art Gallery, to see the work of the greatest painters in the world.
I'm writing to you because we saw a great advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we really would like to go to see that show.
I think it's a great opportunity, because we will have a chance to see the latest fashion, leisure and sports wear, and also the way to do the perfect make-up and hairstyle.
In my opinion, we can have a great time there, and entrance is free of charge for students, which is very important as well.
We thought that with that beautiful weather the seaside would be just perfect for relaxation, sunbathing and joy.
However, the truth was a little bit different.
The weather had changed suddenly, and there was no more sun, but strong wind and heavy rain.
Despite that we were still thinking optimistically.
We were thinking is so many other activities to relax and enjoy ourselves then sunbathing on the beach.
The sky went completely black, so at first it was difficult to see where everybody was.
I looked around and I realised a friend of mine was still in the sea, and fighting against the storm, trying to get to the shore.
Everything was looking so dangerous but fortunately it ended well.
I would like to apologise to you for my controversial opinion but I feel really disappointed.
I came to London for a short holiday to meet new people and to have a taste of English culture.
I'd seen your advertisement which recommended the play 'Over the rainbow' and I liked it very much.
In the advertisement 'DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE' was written. Shall I ask you one question?-Why weren't they available?
Everybody was shocked and I was trying to keep the faith.
Nevertheless, after the show I was very hungry so I went to the theatre restaurant and what did I see?
Finally-you offered a wonderful evening but I must say that if I had known that it was going to be like that I wouldn't have wasted my time.
I feel entitled to write this letter and I feel the opportunity.
Yours faithfully
The main advantage is that it provides you with all the information that you need.
Furthermore you can play with the computer, and unfortunately this fact especially has changed my life.
On the other hand, playing games and using a computer widens my brain so, as you can see, this modern stuff has got many advantages and disadvantages.
I saw the advertisement for the International Arts Festival which is a great idea.
Firstly I want to congratulate you on the festival.
I have a surprise for you.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Secondly, you have a lot of choices and you do not know what to buy.
Lastly, there is a recycling problem, which many people do not care about.
In my opinion, small shops and the street markets should be supported. On the other hand, the big supermarkets should think more about the recycling problem, which will be the most important problem in the near future.
Secondly, the show started at 20.15.
I will be glad if you will send my money back.
Yours faithfully,
This was the reason why we were in horrible trouble with the police.
Let's go back to the beginning of this story.
There was a secret place where a robber kept gold stolen from a bank.
We found the solution to this desperate situation-to say nothing to anybody.
Our class really appreciate your preparing this programme, especially with regard to Monday's attraction.
We are extremely interested in visiting London.
In the last edition of 'London's Guide' we saw an advert for 'The London Fashion and Leisure Show', which will be held on Tuesday and it lasts from 10a.m. to 7p.m. The offer mentions the 'latest fashions', which we are incredibly interested in.
Nowadays famous people don't have an easy life.
They are always attracted by naughty journalists, which have a desire to earn big money for writing an extremely good report or article.
When choosing this style of life they should realise what their life would be like.
On the other hand, their life has no privacy.
Some people may argue, but I think that politicians and film stars belong to the public.
In conclusion, I believe that we have a right to be informed about their lives, providing that journalists respect some important rules.
We think we'll have one free hour before the River trip.
Regarding accommodation, I would prefer to have a log cabin. It would be better to leave money or anything in without worrying about theft. I've always dreamed about climbing but I have never had the opportunity to try this sport.
I have already thought about a change to the programme.
But the worst thing about "London's newest and best musical show", as you called it, was the absence of Danny Brook.
The actor who was "dancing" was horrible.
I want you to give me back my money. I hope that in future you will correct all these mistakes.
That was supposed to be a joke from my "colleagues"!
I enjoyed it and here are some feelings and advice for next year.
They don't fancy going into the crowded shop.
I received your letter congratulating me for having won the first prize in your competition.
I am very grateful and I want to thank you very much for letting me go on this trip.
They are much more comfortable than tents.
Apart from calling them, I also helped build the stage, and took care of the lights.
I can tell you that it was a wonderful experience.
But Pat, coming back home, told her mother everything.
The advertisement I had read did not tally with the performance.
Today it is used practically in all spheres and its influence on people is not unnoticeable.
I am writing to tell you that the students of my class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion And Leisure Show.
I had to become a burglar again and steal jewellery from the jewellers nearby.
As I knew the techniques to break into a place without being noticed, I should not have been afraid but tonight I had to steal the most precious diamond in the country, which was very well protected.
There were lasers all over the place, which I had to be careful of.
I got into the car and gave the jewellery in exchange for my brother, took him and left the place.
The programme offers enjoyment and education, which is essential for young people.
Secondly, because we do not have to pay for the tickets.
We have already organised our visit in a new programme.
We are looking forward to hearing from you.
The future is unpredictable and human beings are afraid of dangers, such as tornados or earthquakes.
What we really need in the next millennium is love, that is what will keep all the family together forever.
Life is too short to think about possessions.
Our houses will change because of new technology, which may make our lives more comfortable.
What depends on us, is the atmosphere we will have in our houses.
The home of the future, for me, is a place of happiness.
We cannot be aware of future technology, but we might still have some feelings for each other.
I have swum since I was in primary school.
In particular, I liked cleaning the stage, because I could stand on a famous singer's stage and I could feel his enthusiasm, even though I had to clean it.
I go to the beach almost every weekend to improve my surfing-it is the sport I like best-and I think it would be a nice opportunity to practise surfing too.
There are some things I would like to ask about: the type (and quantity) of Clothes I will have to take, and if it is necessary to take some money or any additional stuff (like raincoats).
Since we were kids people have told us stories about two sides in conflict: the good and the bad side.
What was more, it was closed because of refurbishing.
When I was a university student, I had to find out some information for my homework.
I imagined where other countries are like England.
I am still a student and I saw in the advertisement that there were some discounts available.
The first thing I do every day, when I get up, is to prepare a fantastic cappuccino with my coffee machine.
All day I speak with the majority of my colleagues by telephone or e-mail.
If I haven't enough time to cook I prepare my meal using my fantastic microwave oven.
The home of the Future
Technology is changing very fast and at the same time as I'm writing my article about the future maybe technologists have made a new oven which co-operates with your refrigerator and has a program to make dinner for you every day without you having to do anything.
What about rooms which can sense your mood and act according to that? If you are tired for example then your stereo might put some relaxing music on and turn down the light a little bit.
I think that everyone should think not just about the positive side of technology but also the negative.
First of all, the advertisement I got placed emphasis on Danny Brook's starring in the show, but actually, a disappointing, unknown actor played his part, and I wonder whether he had real skills.
To make matters worse, not only was the restaurant closed, for no apparent reason, but also the discounts that were said to be available were not.
We are all excited about the programme you've prepared for us, especially about visiting the National Art gallery.
We have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show in a newspaper.
We think it could be a great opportunity for us because we'll see the fashion show might shop for leisure and sports wear and all the girls in our class are interested in new styles in make-up and hairdressing.
A scientist could discover the 4th dimension and we'd get unlimited space inside the house.
You could tell your wardrobe what clothes you'd like to wear, your hob will cook your favourite meals and your refrigerator will send orders to the supermarkets to buy the food.
I AM WRITING TO YOU IN ORDER TO GIVE A REPLY TO THE KIND LETTER I RECEIVED FROM YOU.
I CANNOT EXPRESS HOW THANKFUL I AM FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PRIZE.
I HAVE CHOSEN THOSE BECAUSE I AM QUITE GOOD AT PLAYING BASKETBALL AND I SING EVERY WEEKEND IN THE CHOIR OF THE LOCAL CHURCH AS WELL.
I HOPE YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ANSWER ALL MY QUERIES.
THANKS FOR THE KIND LETTER YOU SENT ME LAST WEEK.
BUT TO MAKE THE THING BETTER I WAS CHOSEN TO HELP THE BAND AND THE ORGANISERS OF THE CONCERT.
AS YOU KNOW, I AM A SOUND TECHNICIAN, SO I HELPED THEM TO SET UP THE SOUND EQUIPMENT AND THE INSTRUMENTS PROPERLY.
I am writing to you in order to get my money back, concerning the musical show: OVER THE RAINBOW.
First of all: the actors who were mentioned in the advert are not the same as the ones on stage.
Or special flying shoes, and maybe you would have a screen on your watch to watch your favourite soap operas.
It could be any day but please let me know nearer the time.
I recently was in London, staying in my sister's home, and I went to see "Over the Rainbow".
Sorry, but none of this is professional, and I am going to make a demand exactly because you don't have that, if you don't give me my money back.
But there was a little problem and it was that my parents didn't let me go to discos alone, so I had to go illegally, and I decided I would do it.
To summarise the night, I am going steady with him, and he took me home.
All the truth was then told, and now I am grounded for life.
She definitely doesn't know how to keep secrets.
I want to know if I can take my cellular phone, too.
To Mr. Smith, Circle Theatre's manager
We had prepared this quite a long time ago, this trip to the capital and saved a lot of money as well.
When we saw your leaflet that mentioned "London's newest and best musical show", we were so enthusiastic and curious that we immediately bought the tickets.
First of all, I think we should consider the way people are dressing at present to see how it's going to be developed in the future.
In 100 years, it's possible that everyone will develop his own style using all the new materials like plastic, latex, everything possible, as a way to create their own clothes.
Finally, life in France is crazy, this is the tradition.
I am writing to complain because I was really disappointed by your musical show, which is "Over the Rainbow", last week.
First of all, the advertising shown us starring, which is Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. However, when I saw it, the musical starred completely different actors. I was really disappointed about it.
Now then, how was this advertising, it was completely different. I am really disappointed with your musical. I am asking you for my money back, because I didn't enjoy your musical.
I am writing a composition about "How modern technology has changed your daily life". This is our subject.
This modern technology gets closer between person to another person, get close between worldwide, so that, this modern technology changed our daily life so different.
First of all I would like to travel only in July because I am going to work in August to earn money and after that (from September to June) I go to university as usual.
About accommodation at Camp California, I would rather be in a tent than in a log cabin because in July the weather is really good and when I am in a tent I feel closer to nature.
That show wasn't what it was supposed to be and it is for that reason that I am writing to you.
I am writing to ask for the refund of the £ 55 which I spent on the ticket for that miserable show.
All the time there are more machines helping doctors and nurses with their difficult tasks.
Going shopping is a good thing when you don't know what else to do but it also has many disadvantages.
I am writing to complain about the musical show at the Circle Theatre.
By using a car I not only get an easy way to move around, but I also destroy the environment.
For instance with the arrival of the Internet, the new digital television and the researchers in medicine, we are discovering how we can change our lives with only the press of a button, or look for something new by only thinking about it... we realize that the new technology has just begun to advance, and it is likely in a few years we will be very advanced in this way.
In my opinion the new technologies have more advantages than disadvantages. My reasons for saying this are that we can live better, we also have more ways of knowing now to live healthily and how to spend our free time.
As you offer many activities it was hard to choose which ones I want to do, but I decided to take swimming and photography, because I am very good at swimming and because I am currently attending a photography course in Vienna.
There was always a lot of security stuff around us to make sure everything was OK, because there really were thousands of people.
Edi Vedder even talked to me about their programmes!
My golf teacher is my father and I've only played in a practising centre, but my father and his friends say I have good talent for golf.
Firstly, we should definitely put the news review lesson in, because we start every morning with that class and it is where we have a lot of discussion.
I think, next we can film either the development class or the society class, because in my opinion they are the most interesting classes apart from the FCE class.
Secondly time starts at 19:30 on the leaflet but it actually started at 20:15.
Finally it said we could visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because your excuse of being used at that moment.
It said in the leaflet that this would be a perfect evening out, while it was not that at all.
She was so frightened and sad that she had no energy.
Furthermore, no discounts were available.
You have a responsibility to the audiences.
These things are very convenient; on the other hand, there are lots of disadvantages.
Unfortunately it is not so cheap.
I was very surprised when I got the letter from you.
And you need some information from me.
I would love to try surfing because it is a very interesting sport and uses a lot of power and energy so now is the end of the letter.
And I want to know more about the money. Can you give me more information about the money that I need to bring with me?
Now let's start with shopping at the Beverley Centre.
The Beverley Centre area is the place that the teenagers like to go shopping at the most.
Because everyone has different thinking like Beverley Centre if you go there every day or every week for shopping you will get very bored because sometimes there are too many people everywhere, like in the restaurants and shops.
Because all the smells in the market are awful-there is the smell of the meat and dirty water, black and smelly water, all over the market street.
We hope to see you at the party and have a wonderful time together.
It means swimming at the wonderful beaches, tasting the delicious food and having a wonderful time every day and every night with your friends.
I am writing to complain about the musical, OVER THE RAINBOW, and also about the service.
Secondly, in your advertisement I had read "Times 14.30 and 19.30".
I look forward to hearing from you in the very near future, to offer me my money back.
After that a being climbed out of the potato.
I could not believe my ears.
The being moved its hand forward and.....
Immediately after I heard, "And don't forget your homework".
Moreover there will be a demonstration of modern make-up and new different, shaking hairstyles.
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future.
The wind was blowing and the heavy rain was drumming against our bedroom window.
As a postman, Peter had to deliver letters around our little village.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to your Circle Theatre event.
Unfortunately I never thought it could be so disappointing.
The first problem happened at the box office because there were absolutely no discounts available.
Because of all this, what was supposed to be one of my best nights turned out to be definitely one of the worst.
Technology is always getting better.
And it is responsible for many changes in my life, and I think I wouldn't be able to live without it anymore.
Nowadays, with the Internet it has become easier to do school work and I also like to chat with other people or maybe read the latest news about my favourite football team.
I also recently got a cellular phone and I don't know how I lived so long without one-because it helps to solve problems so quickly, it's really amazing.
But for me, the best thing is definitely the microwave.
There are some of the devices of modern technology that most help me but there are some others which are also very important for me.
Lastly, can you please tell me how much money would be appropriate to take?
At the end of the concert, when it was after midnight and everyone had already left, the group came up to each of us (who helped out) and thanked us personally!
Now I have the opportunity so I shall inform you fully.
The opportunity of being able to help in the concert knocked on my door by chance.
She is a very nice person. I managed to scavenge an autograph for you as well, I will put it in the envelope.
I am looking forward to receiving your answer and don't forget that it is a surprise birthday party.
In spite of that fact there are of course many families especially in small towns who eat lunch all together and then they solve their problem all together.
And the difference is that those children are effective when they grow up and want to have a family, they do the same as their parents and have a happy family.
Besides that the most important thing is that these children have an easy adolescence and they haven't got psychological problems and they are useful in society.
To sum up, family life is the most important thing for children's psychological world which helps them in their education, job and their marriage in future.
I'M WRITING THIS LETTER BECAUSE TWO WEEKS AGO I WAS IN LONDON AND I WENT TO THE THEATRE TO SEE YOUR MUSICAL SHOW. AND THROUGH SEEING IT MY FAMILY HAD A VERY DISAPPOINTING EVENING AND SO DID I. YOU CAN READ BELOW MY POINT OF VIEW REGARDING THIS.
FIRST OF ALL, WE COULDN'T SEE THE FAMOUS ACTOR "DANNY BROOK" BECAUSE HE WAS ILL. I THINK THAT THE MUSICAL SHOW SHOULD HAVE BEEN CANCELLED FOR THIS ALONE.
NOWADAYS THE MAJORITY OF PEOPLE HAVE A COMPUTER IN THEIR HOME AND SOMETIMES WE ASK OURSELVES IF MODERN TECHNOLOGY WILL CHANGE OUR DAILY LIFE.
About accommodation I would prefer a cabin, because I suffer from allergies, and I think a tent would not be very suitable for my health.
I won last summer's swimming competition in the school. Although I'm not very good at surfing I like it, and I always practise on my holidays every year.
I would like to know if it is necessary for me to bring some money, and if we will have time to visit the City. About the clothes, do I have to bring some winter clothes?
I'm very grateful to hear from you.
You asked me to tell you about my experience helping at the concert last week.
I was asked to put all the chairs in order for the singer. This was only in the beginning. After that I needed to check all the microphones.
After that all the singers arrived and I was in charge of greeting them and giving them something to drink.
You can imagine how excited I was, especially because I always wanted some photographs of them and this was a special moment and I realised I hadn't brought my camera. I was very sad.
Actually this was because most things I saw were different from what the advertisement said.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
One day, we went to a party, where she met some of the most popular girls in the school.
Afterwards, when I saw her, she laughed at me and the next day all the school knew everything about me.
I would like to have accommodation in a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent.
So as we can see-shopping is not always enjoyable.
About the accommodation, I would rather stay in a log cabin.
For weeks I'd been planning to go to the theatre with some close relatives and friends but the problems that we had made this perfect night a disaster for all of us.
To begin with, in your advertisement you say that Danny Brooks will be starring in the show but instead there was a different actor, which made us very disappointed.
Another thing that is said in the advertisement is that the evening show will start at 7:30 but there was a forty-five minute delay. The crowd got really upset and we were going to leave at the first chance we got.
If you don't do as I say, an article in the biggest newspaper will definitely change your mind.
This is something that has troubled many people, especially those who work in the fashion industry.
Fashion has made great progress since the early days.
In the early 90s it was in fashion for women to wear only skirts.
Nowadays women wear really short skirts, short t-shirts, short tops, and cut their hair short just like men.
Boys pierce their bodies just like girls do and vice versa.
People will wear all those clothes that expensive designers design but no one wears.
I took the decision to write to you because I would like to complain about your theatre.
I am writing to you because last night I expected to have a wonderful evening and unfortunately I was very disappointed.
I and some friends decided to go to the theatre to see a musical show.
We were so excited.
We are on holiday and we decided to go.
We had never been to a musical show and we thought that it was a new opportunity.
I believe that some other actors maybe made the whole story more interesting.
The first was very early, at 2:30, and the other at 7:30.
We went at 7:30. Finally the musical show started at 8:15.
We waited one hour.
When the show finished, we went to the restaurant and it was closed because the people who work there don't work if they don't get their pay first.
I and my friends would be obliged if you would give us back some of the money we paid.
Humans have done many things through the years and made many things possible.
Now we are in the 20th century in which people have been to the moon and discovered medicines for serious illnesses. I live in that century too.
I believe that I am like that, I belong to that century.
I believe modern technology has changed everyone, especially now with computers and all the other machines.
First I want to talk about the computer.
Before, I used some other ways to get information or play or communicate with people.
I can spend so many hours because day by day I discover new things.
Maybe it is not good because you don't have the opportunity to meet people and talk face-to-face. Apart from computers we have the telephone, TV, and gyms.
About the TV. I spend many hours in front of the TV. It helps me to relax and spend some hours alone.
Exactly happened and with telephone.
About the gyms, I like them very much. Those places have so many machines that you can easily lose weight and develop a wonderful body.
Now, in conclusion we can see, or I can see, that maybe I am not a very sociable person but I can do whatever I want and take whatever I want only through technology.
Firstly, I was disappointed, because the actor Danny Brook did not appear in the show.
I am writing to complain about what it says in the advertisement is not true.
3 You recommended the restaurant after the show.
It would be great if you considered returning my money as soon as possible.
This is not normally what people wear every day.
The 2nd F is 'fulfil' wear ever you have in your mom's cupboard.
For example long baggy trousers, which cover your bright brick shoes.
Wherever you go everyone would love you because of your trousers, which would clean away all the rubbish that is on the road.
If I can choose my accommodation, I prefer staying in a tent.
I prefer this accommodation because I think it's easier to meet people when you stay in a tent, near them, than when you stay in a log cabin.
TO ANSWER YOUR NEXT QUESTION, I WOULD RATHER STAY IN A LOG CABIN. THE THING IS, I HAVE A PHOBIA ABOUT INSECTS AND MY DOCTOR RECOMMENDED THAT I SHOULD SLEEP IN AN ENCLOSED AREA.
I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU IF IT 'S NECESSARY TO TAKE MONEY, FOOD AND CLOTHES WITH ME.
NOW THAT THE STUDENTS HAVE GATHERED TOGETHER THIS YEAR TO MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT THE BEST LESSONS AND ACTIVITIES THAT WE HAVE IN SCHOOL, EVERYTHING POSSIBLE OF COURSE WITH HELP OF TEACHER MS. WESTBROOK.
IT WOULD BE MY SUGGESTION TO THE PRODUCERS OF THIS VIDEO THAT THEY SHOULD FOCUS ON OUR WRITING AND CULTURE LESSONS.
FOR CULTURE LESSONS WE DON'T NEED TO GO SO FAR BACK IN TIME; FOR THE LAST 60 YEARS OUR CULTURE HAS BEEN CHANGING ENORMOUSLY AND WE CAN TALK ABOUT COMPUTERS, WARS, CARS, WEAPONS, ETC....
ALTHOUGH LOTS OF PEOPLE DON'T BELIEVE IT,
OUR SCHOOL HAS A SPORTING IMAGE. I THINK THE VIDEO WOULD ENCOURAGE STUDENTS TO DO SPORTS AND BE GOOD ATHELETES.
I have received a letter from you saying that I have won the first prize in your competition and you need some information from me.
I would like to travel in July because my holidays are only in that month and the weather in California is better then.
They liked me so much and invited me to be responsible for the lights and sound.
I told them that I will think about it but I believe I will accept the job.
The most incredible part was the laser show.
They were drawing a lot of things in the sky during the concert.
I'm sure that you are going to love it.
About my accommodation at the camp, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it's safer than being in a tent and because you sleep more comfortably.
The activities that I would like to do are singing, because my friend told me that I'm good at it, and the other activity that I would like to do is climbing because I think it is very exciting although I have never tried climbing, because there are no mountains in my city.
I appreciate the opportunity that you are giving me and I'm very grateful to you guys.
Well on march 11th there was a group here in brazil called "Los Jagoares", they sing pop music. And they are one of my favourites and as you know I have a cousin that works as an organizer for all the bands that would like to have a concert in Brazil and when my cousin knew that my favourite band was coming he called me and asked me if I would like to help them to install the speakers, microphones etc... and I said, "Sure man."
Last Sunday my friends and I saw that advertisement about the play you were supposed to put on.
We waited there for forty-five minutes for it to start!
We really got bored, like all the other people there.
And then delate forty-five minutes to present the show.
That was very disappointing.
My friends and I demand our money back very soon.
And please do not be very surprised if you receive more letters about this.
Pat, my sister and I felt very responsible.
I didn't believe him at first.
But I could see that his face was happy and he wasn't telling lies.
I couldn't believe it. I had not seen him for five years.
How are you? I'm not so well, and that's the reason why I'm writing this letter to you.
Unfortunately your advertisement said that the show starts at 19:30 but it started 45 minutes later.
Children are not studying as much as they ought to, because they are watching TV, talking on the phone or even playing computer games.
This is also another cause of heart attacks.
Your advertisement for the musical Over the rainbow said it was London's newest and best musical show. I agree with that because it is a wonderful show but it said that Danny Brook would be starring in it.
In the advertisement it also said you could visit your restaurant after the show, and that is what I did, but when I got there it was shut for no reason.
Pat couldn't resist and told her brother Jacob. He was quite shocked about the news because he misunderstood.
There, Jacob approaches him slowly and tells him.
It was all a misunderstanding.
I hope all my wishes are realisable.
I cannot bear it when somebody says something and then does just the opposite.
It must be our decision whether to stay and eat there, or not.
To cut a long story short, because of everything I have said above, the correct thing for me to do is to ask for my money back, and for you it is just to give it back to me because of all the trouble and disappointment you have made me suffer.
HOW HAS TECHNOLOGY CHANGED OUR DAILY LIVES?
In our grandparents 'time life was so different that we cannot believe that this huge change to our daily life happened in only one hundred years or less.
Furthermore, as we all know, daily life nowadays is quite simple and an example of this is that instead of buying a piece of ice to cool drinks (as our grandparents used to do) we not only have a refrigerator but also a freezer in case you want it faster and colder.
Strange as it seems, we now have all types of machine or specialised technology to make our daily life more comfortable and less stressful.
I am writing to thank you for notifying me about the competition and I would be very grateful to give to you the information that was requested in your letter.
About the Accommodation, I would like you to take careful consideration of the fact that I am asthmatic, so I would appreciate it if you could reserve a bed in a log cabin.
If you have this opportunity one day, you had better buy the ticket to the concert or just watch it on TV but never do something like this just to get a free pass.
If this had been my only disappointment nothing would have happened, but I had to wait till quarter past eight to watch the show, instead of it beginning at half past seven as you had written in your advertisement.
As a conclusion to that horrible evening I decided to visit your theatre restaurant once the show had finished, but what a surprise when I found it closed.
It consisted in having to memorise a whole book of 250 pages in order to pass a final exam.
On the exam day everybody answered every question correctly.
Secondly, although the log cabins appeal to me, I would prefer a tent because I think it is more comfortable and attractive.
Nowadays most people are attracted to shopping centers, which are not always enjoyable.
Fourthly, that product is too expensive for you and the last problem is you buy too many things but you have not got your own car so you have to carry big boxes by yourself.
First of all, the show was supposed to start at 19.30, but it started at 20.15.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Nowadays, there are more and more people who want to become designers and the competition is increasing.
I always wanted to go and see the USA!
In my opinion, staying in tents is more exciting than staying in log cabins.
I'm very happy about this because I spent most of my school life playing sports, especially basketball.
They mixed up our traditional music and pop music.
In reply to your letter received on the 13th of June, I first would like to say that it is a great pleasure for me to have been chosen.
In fact there would be only one possibility in July because I will finish my exams at the end of that month and begin vocational training the 1st of August.
Then, during the concert, I helped to serve the beers at the bar. I met a lot of interesting people while I was serving drinks.
Everything was very interesting, but what I particularly liked about the experience was the human relations.
I met a lot of different people and they all taught me something new about behaviour or compassion.
I prefer to stay in a tent so I go camping every summer and am used to sleeping in tents.
I'm very good at swimming as I have been a member of various swimming clubs since I was 6 and I chose photography because I have a new camera and want somebody to teach me how to use it.
Introduction: To support an idea to make a short video about daily life at our school I have spent some time discussing it with other students, and observing and analysing an average day in our school and have come up with some suggestions.
I think it is a good idea to include a record of one of our big events such as the annual sports tournament or welcoming evening for new students.
Conclusion: To sum up the above I'd like to suggest not filming anything longer than 1 or 2 minutes and having a nice mixture of places, faces and events.
First of all, on the ticket it says that the actor was Danny Brook and really he was not.
Then, on the ticket it says that the show starts at 19.30 and, I don't know why, it started at 20:15, very impolite on your part, and, also, you wasted my time.
The other thing is that on the ticket it appears that discounts were available but when I asked about it, there were none.
I thought you were a good theatre, where people can go and have a good evening alone or with somebody else, but really I am very disappointed and I want to ask for my money back.
I'll never return because of the bad service you offer.
Truly.
Considering my whole life I can say that modern technology has changed my daily life in many ways.
It has, in some way, separated the family, making all of us worried about our own things.
We all work separately, developing individually and forgetting we have to all talk together to know about each other's life.
First of all, we went to the theatre to pick up our tickets.
We sat in our seats and waited for the show but it didn't start on time, it started at 20.15 which was a ridiculous time.
They are just wasting time on it.
Both of them I am not as good as you expect, but recently I have been interested in them.
However, we decided to have the job, because of good money.
However, it was a great job. I haven't hade such a great experience before.
I was very disappointed to find out that most of the things said in the advertisement for the show were not true.
I think it will be a very good experience for me. I'm really excited about it.
I'd love to come earlier, but I really can't because this job is very important to me, and I'll need it as work experience for my further studies at University.
I would also appreciate it if you would offer me accommodation in a log cabin, because of some health problems that I have, which do not allow me to sleep outside on the ground, and to be honest with you, I never liked camping.
At the end I feel very tired and angry, because I have spent the whole morning doing nothing, except for looking at them trying on different clothes, and that's not enjoyable at all, in fact it's really annoying.
To let you arrange the details of your programme, I'm going to give you my answers.
Firstly, I'd like to travel in July because I've already registered on another summer course which starts at the end of July.
About accommodation, I prefer tents to log cabins.
Actually I've been in an amateur photographer's organization for 3 years.
At that time, I took the course which covered all the 4 kinds of strokes.
And please tell me how much money I am supposed to need excluding transport and accommodation.
Concerning the accommodation, I prefer to stay in log cabins, finding them much more comfortable than tents!
Last week during my holiday in London, I found your advertisement in my newspaper.
You stated in your advertisement that he would come on stage, but instead of him someone else turned up.
Luckily I could keep my secret for a couple of days but then it became urgent and I needed someone to talk to.
I'm looking forward to learning how to take care of myself in dangerous situations, such as getting lost in a forest, and I think staying in a tent will be very useful for that.
This is something I will never ever forget.
I couldn't believe that I had met that superstar who was dancing in front of a crowded soccer stadium.
Unfortunately my feelings are rather bad.
The advertisement looked pretty interesting and I decided to go to the theatre to watch this musical show.
The 'theatre' did not even apologize for this change.
Despite my being a student and the advertisement saying that discounts were available, I was refused a half-price ticket, and the explanation 'why' wasn't sufficient.
Unfortunately it was not, which made me even angrier.
Saturday morning I went to the driving centre for my first lesson.
The instructor opened the car door and asked me to sit in the driver's seat.
Then I drove very slowly very often crossing the white line on the road.
I looked in the mirror and I saw how my friends were laughing.
Pat apologized to me for not keeping my secrets.
An admirer
I am writing to inform you about the differences between your advertisement and the real show.
Then, as we were told that the show was beginning, the second shock of the evening faced us.
Maria spent all day thinking about who told them that. There were two possibilities: one, her best friend Becca, or her sister Pat.
Obviously, Pat first denied it, but then she accepted that she was wrong, and apologised to Maria. After that Pat never again talked about anyone without his or her permission.
It is your decision.
I would like to send you some further information which you need.
I am grateful that I have the chance to choose the accommodation. I would rather stay in a tent if it's not a problem for you.
I would like to experience a real camp again.
I would like to thank you once again for this great opportunity.
We would like to believe that shopping is the most wonderful part of our life.
When we finally do this, we cannot be comfortable because of the crowds.
The answer is that we choose the same street (usually the most popular) and the same time as six hundred other people.
I am writing to you to give you my opinion about your festival.
To conclude, I was very happy to have a ticket for all events at a reasonable price, because for someone who does not especially like art, it was very attractive.
I am writing to you to answer your question about school rules and what I am (and I am not) allowed to do at home.
In my home, the only things I am not allowed to do are things which might disturb my family.
For example, putting the music on too loud when my sister is working.
I believe that it was a great idea to organise such a festival, connected with art and culture.
What is more, there was a wide variety of music. Although the artists were supposed to be from all countries, there were only six nationalities.
However I was really surprised that the entrance fee was so low.
I hope that this will clarify your questions and doubts.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
I am writing this letter because I am very disappointed with your musical show.
When we arrived, there were a lot of people, the place was beautiful, all seemed perfect.
After that they changed the principal actor, the one that replaced him was very bad, that made us really angry.
How has modern technology changed my daily life? I think that technology has changed my life and everybody's life in many ways.
Nowadays, technology is everywhere, all over your house, your school, office or any place you can be in a city.
This technology has helped to make my life easier and more exciting, but like everything it has had some negative aspects.
This technology has helped in many fields, like medicine, entertainment, work and other things, so it has obviously changed the lives of many people.
The bad consequences that this could have are unimportant, in comparison with all the good things it has done, so let's not focus on the negative aspects of it.
This is a new era, an era for a new type of people, the future people
Secondly the time on the leaflet is totally wrong.
Thirdly the ticket was not discount and after the show I visited the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the show started late.
Finally last night was not a perfect evening.
But when I hear the word future, I have an image of metallic colours so that in my imagination they are wearing metallic or brightly coloured clothes.
I think people will wear clothes which are metallic or bright colourful colour with mixture of history and future fashion style in the future.
Firstly, I must say that I'll be able to have two weeks free only in July, since I have started work and am entitled to have a holiday only in July.
Despite my appreciation of all kinds of sports and activities, I've chosen my favourite ones, which are swimming and tennis.
Another thing I dislike about shopping is some annoying shop assistants try to sell any product to the "victim" coming through the door.
Our department, which is the sales department, have to make good sales results before the end of June because of the financial month.
About accommodation, I prefer to stay in log cabins because I don't like to stay in tents which are uncomfortable for me.
In Japan, I often play Golf but as you know Japanese weather conditions are not good enough for enjoying playing Golf, but California has good weather, which means sunshine every day, hopefully.
I am interested in playing tennis very much.
Finally, I have some questions.
So, my temporary job was sound engineer but I was not main engineer.
When I was a university student, I studied sound effects, but I hadn't used effect equipment my whole life because our school doesn't have it.
I used this equipment during the concert, but I was so complicated system.
They taught me specially.
Take care of yourself.
Hello! I am very pleased that I have won the first prize in your competition and I want to tell you that it would be better for me to go to your Camp in July because that month I usually have a rest and now I am thinking about it.
To answer our first question about where I would prefer to sleep, I prefer tents because they are closer to nature and I like sleeping in sleeping bags (= BV bags).
Now let me tell you about my sports preferences.
Yours sincerely
In our school we have a system of "double lessons".
It means that every day except Sunday we have four lessons and each of the lessons lasts for an hour and a half and it means a "double lesson".
I think that is more convenient than seven lessons every day and each of the lessons lasts forty-five minutes.
It is convenient, I mean "double" lessons, because you have more time to understand the material which is given out and because you have to prepare only four subjects for "tomorrow" and it is fewer then seven subjects.
On Tuesday we have these lessons: English, Maths, Economics and Physics.
Not only these subjects are studied by us, but also Latin, Russian, Ukrainian, Biology and Physical training, but as we study them we understand that they are not so important as our main subjects.
I have always been interested in arts and festivals.
It was great that you organised the Arts Festival in this city, because people really need this kind of social activity here.
I spent two days at the International Arts Festival with some of my friends and I must say we were really delighted, it was a great idea to do that in London.
I hope you will consider my opinions and that my suggestions will be helpful for next year.
When I grow up I'll change all the rules in my life and I'll make my own rules which are not going to be too strict.
(It is a graduate engineering school where we are studying mechanics and energetics.)
That is why we have to single out which lessons and other activities should be filmed.
Secondly, we should interview the teacher of heat transfer since his lessons are really breathtaking.
On the other hand, we should be interested in the other activities such as sports, which could appeal to more students in our school.
To make matters worse, we have never had the opportunity to see Danny Brook because, instead, there was a different actor!
You wrote so persuasively that it would be our "Perfect Evening Out"...
I hope you will agree and share my disappointment.
Sincerely yours,
In fact, winters will be rare or will maybe even disappear.
The ice will melt, the weather will be warmer.
People won't wear warm clothes anymore and they will certainly be synthetic, because there won't be enough places to cultivate cotton and to let sheep graze.
Our feelings will be transmitted electronically through our clothes to other people.
"The Internet on our body".. I'm sure that is not impossible!
I am writing to you with a request for a change in the schedule of our trip to London.
Unfortunately I have to suggest a change for the programme for Tuesday the 14th of March.
All of the students-including myself-think of this as a great opportunity that it would be a pity to miss, especially when students can enter for free.
I've always wanted to taste the freedom that birds have, always been interested in listening to my blood pumping in my veins, full of adrenaline, to let myself free, to shake from excitement.
The home of the future will be very impersonal and the atmosphere will be cold and very essential.
I think this tendency will become more common in the future.
What is important is not their fashion but their knowledge, attitude to everything including fashion.
I apologise For any inconvenience and I am waiting for your reply.
Last week I received your letter in which you told me that I won first prize.
I am writing in response to it.
Please, when you receive this letter give me a call so we can arrange everything.
We are going to make a video about daily life at school. The following classes are the ones I recommend filming.
ENGLISH: the classroom is beautiful, and on the same day we do a lot of different activities, so it won't be boring watching it because we can have a great time there.
Those three classes are my choices. I hope we can do them and make a very good video about our school.
Finally, I would like to ask you for £ 20 back as I was not satisfied with your services.
But Pat could not resist the temptation to call the police.
I am not used to sleeping in a tent and I think it might ruin my holiday. I hope it's possible to sleep in a log cabin but if it's not, you can also put me in a tent.
Surfing is my passion. I live near a beach and whenever I have the time I grab my board and go surfing.
I am really looking forward to this holiday.
The real thing was that I had to look after them because without me they would have been lost.
The thing I really liked was helping the artists and talking to them.
I really got to know them after the concert.
Maybe next time you can come with me. That would be a lot of fun.
Finally, I didn't understand why you pushed people to visit your restaurant if you don't open it after the show!
If I want to discuss something with friends or order a Pizza, I can do it as easily as I want, when I want.
A good example is the cellular phone. I can contact my family without any problem, I can inform my company if I have an accident in my car.
To sum up, although I think they ought to abandon their lives partly when they enter the world of fame, they should take some action against journalists in order to protect their human rights.
An actor was changed and the public were not informed.
Finally, the theatre restaurant was closed for the holiday!
I think modern technology is very important in my life.
I also think I am lucky, because I live in a period of technological boom.
In the last fifty years human technologies have grown exponentially.
First the conquest of space, then computers, and now the new biotechnologies have changed, and are changing, the face of the world.
In the present day, for example, a lot of people have a personal computer at home, and a very large proportion of those also have the Internet, the new frontier of computer evolution.
If I look back to the past I find that the computer is following the same route as television, the telephone and a lot of other things that now the largest part of the population have at home.
So, in my opinion, new technology has changed, is changing and will change my daily life; I hope that afterwards my life will be better.
The whole class and I would like to thank you for the good programme which you have organised for our trip to London.
The reason why I'm writing to you is the class and I have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show on Tuesday, March 14 from 10.00 am-7.00 p.m.
We all are interested in fashion and hairstyles and it is a great opportunity for us because students do not have to pay and we will know what we can buy on our shopping tour.
I would like to suggest to you how the programme could be changed.
Instead of a shopping tour on Tuesday afternoon, we could go to the show and do the shopping on Wednesday afternoon in our free time.
What do you think about this suggestion?
I hope you will understand this kind of matter. The class and I are looking forward to hearing from you.
That means for example, while you are sitting in the office you are able to control your home with the computer. You can open and close the windows and switch the light on and off.
Your freezer tells you when you have to buy some milk, eggs or cheese.
Or, without leaving the office, you are able to heat the water for a hot bath.
So in fact people's homes will become more convenient and more comfortable.
I think also housewives will receive more help with a robot in the home.
As representative of my class may I kindly ask you to partially change your plan for our visit to London?
It would be beautiful if you would agree to change your plan.
It happened on a very lovely day in summer.
I knew I couldn't swim so I realized it might be dangerous for me as well.
The most important thing was a little boy of about ten years old, who was in the water without his parents and couldn't swim.
It was difficult for me because I am afraid of water.
He was exhausted and couldn't breathe.
I am a good swimmer and I have some experience in photography. However, I have a lot to learn.
Actually, the price of the weekend ticket was excellent! I, myself, was expecting a more expensive ticket as there were so many magnificent events.
Well, I hope you found my suggestions reasonable as I deeply congratulate you on the great success of the festival.
I would like to stay in a log cabin as I have an allergy to grass.
If you have to go shopping again, because the fridge is empty or you need some new clothes, a lot of time, patience and strength are needed.
So even if it's nice to have food or new clothes at home, without patience, time and strength you had better stay at home or try to find the most convenient time for shopping.
2 December, 2000
I am writing to suggest a few things that could be changed or added to next year's International Arts Festival, which in my opinion has been a great idea.
Although I read that stars and artists came from around the world, I realised that they only came from six countries.
All my family liked the films and the plays that there were very much, but I personally think that it would be better to add more because there were only five plays and seven films.
The rest of the activities were very interesting for us, we learnt a lot of things and we met a lot of interesting people, and all of this without being expensive. I think that the ticket was excellent for us because of its price.
You know that I'm studying in a difficult school, and as you can imagine you have to work hard and you have to do homework every day.
I have friends that are studying in other schools and they are very happy with their freedom.
It is true, they deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time, however this publicity brings them money, and a comfortable life.
They can travel around the world, buy everything, it is a good life, but at the same time, they must be very good people, because "Fame" is just for a short time, nothing lasts forever in this world.
I would not really like to be a famous person, because you are not really yourself, and for me that is the most important thing.
The first thing that disappointed me was the star.
but the restaurant was closed because the show started at 20:15 and finished at 00.15 and the restaurant was open until 00.00.
After all these problems I became disappointed.
If you could give me some of my money back that would be a great apology for the waste of time and my disappointment.
It was about Marine, who was our close friend.
Marine's real father wanted her back but the other couple didn't want to give her back because they loved Marine so much.
The couple couldn't tell the truth to Marine because they were afraid of losing her.
I was grateful to hear I have won first prize in the competition.
That's why I'd like to feel adventurous.
And according to the interviews, the most interesting class is the "upper intermediate" class.
The point of "upper intermediate class".
Yesterday morning, I went to the toilet. I overheard two people talking about my son. I felt sorry for myself and I burst into tears. I quickly got out of the toilet.
"Dear" manager of the Circle theatre,
I was getting angry, but, finally, the show started and I became quieter.
In the end, I asked for I money back (and payment for my horrible night): do you think anybody will give me something back?!
Science and technology characterize our modern society.
Walking on a city street, it's difficult to find parks or "green" places with trees and clean air: actually pollution, traffic and noise are the main problems of our society.
I know I'm a "daughter of this technological world" and unluckily I think I couldn't live without it: it's rather strange that today there's still somebody without a phone, dishwasher, TV... But, sometimes I ask myself if the "ancient world", without science, technological innovations and industries was more authentic than our one.
It sounds very promising.
I could feel every movement which was caused by clouds or wind.
I'm pleased to win the first prize in your competition-two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
I'd like a log cabin for my accommodation, because it's safer and cleaner than a tent and I wouldn't share it with anyone.
We can analyze when shopping is enjoyable, and when it is not.
Buying coffins and graveyard plots to bury relatives is not as enjoyable as buying clothes.
The rules in Poland are quite similar to those described in your letter.
I'm a student from St. Petersburg, and I'm studying in a drama academy.
My friend& came to London for an excursion.
Danny Brook is my favourite actor& to see him was my dream since my childhood!
It was a surprise when we were told there would be another actor.
Also, we expected to get a discount as students, but international students cards are not valid in your theatre (that is very strange-even your advertisement has information about discounts).
So we were late for our supper in the hotel and the theatre restaurant was also closed without any reasons given.
In the advertisement it said,, your perfect evening out! ", but it wasn't.
I'm waiting for your answer and hope I can get my money back!
I would call our days days of great technological progress.
Industrial wheel going faster and faster.
They have more different functions and forms.
It is very interesting for me how new works, their possibilities.
My job, I think is a good way to get a profession in the future.
And I hope to find a really good job in a good company.
More and more people buy mobile phones, because they are very useful, you get a lot of possibilities like: using the Internet, buying different goods, booking tickets, controlling your home technic and many others.
Mobile communication is a key to success in all professions that we have!
And I think that I made the right choice of profession-it is the perfect combination: a very progressive form of modern technology, and the most important thing-it is extremely interesting to me!
Regarding the accommodation at the camp, I would prefer the tents, because it is something different which you don't do every day!
Finally I've got a question: What clothes must I bring with me and how much money?
yours faithfully,
Another thing that makes you furious is when you see a great shirt in a shop and somebody else takes it away or buys it before you can react.
At that time I was lucky and also, I would like to recommend it to other friends.
But people would like to change the lifestyle in their house because there aren't convenient appliances in their houses yet.
I'm writing to you to explain the problem that I have had in your theatre.
I recently had a week's holiday in London, and, during my stay, I went to your theatre to see "Over the Rainbow" because I had seen an advertisement for this show and I was really interested in seeing it for many reasons, one of the reasons is that I love the star, Danny Brook.
Secondly, in your advertisement the time of the show was 19:30 and in reality the show started at 20:15 and the discount was not available.
I think you can do a lot more things now than before with technology.
best regards.
There are many ways to earn money, especially in a big city, like the one where we are studying all year around.
To be more technical and specific, we need a very flexible job, which gives us independence and allows us to stop working when we are not able to, for example during the exams period.
As a result I asked my acquaintance to come with me to the show.
By the time he got out of the building, the cops were everywhere but as long as Mallory is alive, he won't be arrested, with his unpredictable mind.
Secondly, we had to wait until 8:00 pm before being able to take a seat and the show finally began at 8:15!
At that time, I used to buy a lottery ticket once a week and I sometimes won small amounts.
One day, while I was checking my weekly ticket, I found out that I had five numbers out of six so that I would surely get a substantial amount of money.
I had to wait ten days before the lottery head office would give me the cheque and one week before I could learn how much I had won.
But soon everyone in the class was looking at me smilingly and I found out that I had many unsuspected friends... Not long after, they were asking me to buy a coffee or lunch for them; some proposed going shopping, others going to the cinema and a restaurant.
Finally the end of the week came and I went to the lottery office to find out the amount I had won.
With this letter I would like to ask you if you would change it because we saw in the London Advertiser an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show.
The show is on Tuesday, March 14th, from 10.00-19.00 in the Central Exhibition Hall.
Yours sincerely,
I knew that my brother was at home, although I didn't know where he was.
In fact when I don't feel very happy I decide to go shopping to try to cheer myself up.
It is at this moment when really I realise I am getting fat and it is a horrible feeling.
Another thing is my accommodation. I prefer to have log cabins because it's easiest for me.
And how much money I should take?
If you have children, you will know very well that when you are busy doing something and the children see something they want to have, they will do everything they can do to make you buy it for them, sometimes they even cry or shout at you and it is really annoying.
Anyway, in families they usually have this problem that when they buy a new one, suddenly they have a problem about where the old one is going to be and that is the beginning of an argument between mother and father or parents and children.
Eventually I like shopping too and I believe everybody likes shopping, but before you buy something think first and you will not have any problems after that and the most important thing is make sure you have enough money to survive.
Secondly, my choice is the accommodation in tents. I think it could be more interesting. I could enjoy my time with other people playing, eating and talking outside. In my opinion if I choose the log cabin it will be like being at home.
My other choice is painting. I have been painting since I was ten years old. I used to go to special classes and I don't mind if you need me to help in the class.
The most popular "sport" that everyone does is obviously shopping.
Some people think that going shopping can keep you away from depression. You can enjoy your time spending all the money you have, buying clothes, jewellery, furniture, etc.
But other people don't think like this. For example, there is a case of a woman who was shopping with her little daughter and without intention the girl got lost.
The mother was shocked. She didn't know how to look for her because all the shops and streets were full of people going in and out the places. It was a nightmare but fortunately the police found her.
Can you imagine being in Japan or China and having to go to the shops?
I don't think that I'd enjoy it, all the people kicking you, you can't walk properly or buy anything. And also there are a lot of cases which show how people can be in shops. I mean that some people can fight to get something.
Dear MANAGER of the theatre
So try to imagine my situation. I had paid a lot of money and I didn't see a good show. I am really disappointed.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Many years ago, more or less seventy years ago a young man, with an excellent capacity for thinking and inventing things, started building a big thing called a "time machine".
The only thing Pat had to do was to choose a date, one he liked, and to press the starter button, and you know what? He did it!
I am very happy to hear from you that I have won first prize in your competition-two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. and I am writing to tell you my information.
Firstly, I will be able to travel only in July because I go to university and I normally spend most of the time working. to do. and I have holiday only in July.
And I choose photography and tennis from the activities list.
I am taking photography lessons at university and I started tennis when I was 10 so I am good at both of them.
From the 10 options that I have to choose from I will choose two, climbing, which I have been doing for three years because I know it by heart, and swimming which I have also been doing every day as part of my daily routine in Portugal.
I hope that coming after July won't disturb Camp California's plans for me.
A survey has been done, and the issue is which subjects (lessons) and activities the students think are the most enjoyable.
Someone says it is maths-practical, useful-but the majority say it is boring, unless you're choosing a job which demands all your maths knowledge such as accounting, otherwise you can use a calculator or a computer.
The majority have chosen History, which means a big journey around the world, either at the Roman life style, or in the middle ages, when a revolution happened with deaps and new lands.
At all schools there is a similar daily life which must be filmed. This is an important part of our life, which is full of emotions in development.
How has modern technology changed my daily life?
Sometimes, I think I am a computer addict because whenever I come back home, my hand goes to the computer switch, automatically, even though I don't want to use the computer.
I received a paper in which I was told about a play you are putting on and of the advantages I would get if I went to see it. I wish that had never happened.
I am really disappointed, and I want to have my money back.
First of all, on the sheet I received, it says that DANNY BROOK was one of the actors. That is not true, because instead of him, there was another actor, and I don't know what his name is.
You must understand that you promised me I'd have a good evening and I really didn't.
I write this letter to tell you about the programme that starts tomorrow, about that excellent book I have told you to read.
This excellent book tells the story of a man of 25 years that has a little boy, his son, that lives in a very bad condition.
The book is very easy to read, but if you don't have time I recommend listening to the programme.
Also, that they will invite a psychologist, the author of the book and maybe the president will talk so I recommend you listen to it.
I might say that I am really good at swimming and sailing because I have been doing these kinds of activities for five years and I have had a really good training in water sports.
As you know, I'd never been to any activities as a volunteer before.
The concert tickets were very expensive and I'd seen an advertisement on TV.
It said, "Be a volunteer at our concert and get a free ticket."
We have bought some snacks to eat and three students will sing for him, too.
I've just received your letter, and I must say that I am so surprised. I wasn't expecting to win it.
I am still studying at the moment I will finish at the end of June so I will be able to leave at the beginning of July.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent so as to get a better rest. I have a problem sleeping and a log cabin will be more peaceful than a tent.
It's quite difficult for me because there are 4 of them I like a lot, which are climbing, tennis, surfing and photography, but if I have to make a choice, I choose climbing and surfing.
I'm rather experienced at climbing. I have done it once a month since I was 17.
But on the other hand, I have never been surfing. I am a complete beginner but I am dying to do it.
A good idea to start will be an alarm clock ringing close to his bed, because that's the way everyone gets up in the morning (apart from the people who don't do anything).
After this introduction, it will be time to show some of the activities everyone can do at the school, such as lessons or others like the library, our protagonist having a coffee with some colleagues in the cafe bar, the reception service.
First of all, the most favourable time for me to travel is July, because I am in the final year of University, so I have to attend classes for a thesis almost throughout the year apart from July, when I can take a relatively long summer holiday.
Secondly, I would prefer to stay in log cabins to staying in tents, since I have had a horrible experience being attacked by a swarm of midges, when I camped out.
This is based on a questionnaire conducted in the school and our English department's investigation.
According to statistics based on the questionnaire, the majority of students feel the most enthusiasm for an English class.
In fact, I visited some English classes to find out that most students tried to answer questions and speak to native teachers.
Consequently, it might be a good idea to film the English class so that the vibrant and active atmosphere may be able to be filmed.
The girls 'football team is also famous for its reputation of keenness on practice.
Actually, I can work with it in my office and visit some website using the new technologies such as the Internet.
The new inventions have transformed my life, so it is easier with modern technology (the mobile, the car, the plane, the coach, the train, the medical advances and domestic appliances), they have created more comfort and pleasure.
In fact, I expect a full refund plus compensation for the dissatisfaction suffered. I trust you will give immediate attention to this letter and I look forward to receiving a satisfactory response by return of post within a week.
When we think about clothes in the future, we should think about the environment first.
Of course, technology will have developed enough for us to invent new material for those kinds of clothes.
So we don't have to worry about how heavy they will be.
Firstly, I expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but I felt very angry when I saw different actors.
What is more, you advertised there were discounts available but there were not.
You said that the musical show started at 19.30 but recently it began at 20.15.
When I was 16 years old I fell in love with the most handsome boy in our school.
Everybody started to laugh at me.
I'm sorry to tell you that I'm really disappointed with your advertisement for the musical show at the Circle Theatre.
And because of these circumstances, I would like to have a part of my money back.
Faithfully,
He said, 'Sure, no problem'.
As to accommodation I would like to choose a tent because I am used to travelling with my sleeping bag and my tent all over Europe.
I am very good at basketball, and even if I am not a tall boy, I am a good player and I play in a local team.
I connected wires, I carried loudspeakers, and so on.
Towards the end of the concert I handed a bottle of wine to Poolo Conte.
As you know he's my favourite singer.
Secondly, the two activities which I'd like to do during the camp are sailing and surfing.
When you go to a shop it is difficult to find what you are looking for without the help of the shop assistant.
After that you have to wait a long time in the queue to pay and many times it isn't possible to pay with your credit card and you don't have any money in cash.
You said there would be stars such as Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, whose music is my favourite, but the musicians were actually some other people whose names I had never heard of.
When they finished singing the last song I was surprised when they called me up on the stage and said thank you to me in front of hundreds of people.
I am not good at either of them.
I haven't written a letter to you for ages.
I didn't need to pay an entrance fee because I was working there.
Plus, I got an autograph from a popular singer. I'll give you the autograph as a present.
It is valuable of keeping on your souvenir.
I would offer you one suggestion that concerns the classical concerts.
For me, it's very stressful and I usually run a lot to do it.
In response to your letter that I received last Saturday I am writing to answer your questions.
I usually sing in my spare time and my friends love it when I sing and regarding swimming I was champion last year in my city.
Are tablets necessary (for headache, insects)?
It is wonderful how technology makes things so easy.
That will be great because teachers are part of our life and they have to receive all our attention and friendship because if it wasn't for them we would never grow and learn how to live our lives more confidently and with lots of good experiences that we will never forget.
The reasonably-priced package, including tickets and accommodation, well suited my personal situation: comfortable rooms that are easy to reach and booked tickets can help you if you decide at the last minute.
-improve your kindness and ask for work in restaurants or bars. It is a good training period for real life too (being patient with demanding people is required).
-check your wallet and if you have enough money (a very small amount) you can arrange a trip to reach countries like Chile, Cuba, Zambia, and Morocco where people (poorer than you) will offer low wages for ôsmallö jobs.. you might enjoy your summer holidays and ôfind yourselfö
I am keen on singing and I have won several singing competitions at school.
When I first entered the concert hall, I was given a pass for working here.
The programme is very exciting and interesting, especially the river trip to Greenwich.
This is the arrangement that we founded with the other students and everyone agreed.
We hadn't enough money to buy food or new clothes and the worst was that my youngest brother was terribly ill, and without money we couldn't take him to a doctor.
I want to travel only in July because now I'm studying at National Academy of Defense and I don't have time for anything else.
I prefer that because I will travel with my wife and she always prefers that kind of accommodation.
I tell you in secret that I don't know why she does that.
I like to catch fish too.
My personal best is 27.66 for fifty meters. I would like to ask you about the weather in California in July.
Are there any discotheques or something? I would like to know if my wife can come with me, because without her I can't be there.
Everybody gets up at six, and the first thing they do is run for about two thousand five hundred metres.
Then they take a shower and everybody goes for breakfast.
Two times a week I have W-F. This is very important, because every soldier should be strong.
After this competition there was mathematics, and two hours of biology.
I don't like biology, so I slept on the desk in a classroom.
I think that competitions should be filmed because my school is a kind of sports school.
On video there should be how we get up.
Houe we run, how we eat breakfast.
Then you should show how our school looks from outside.
There should be an interview with students and with professors.
Daily life at my school is not only school and teachers and mathematics problems.
We must know how to use a gun, or how to drive a tank.
And, finally, right before the start they announced that Danny Brook would not be in the show that evening.
After the show I was not surprised at all to learn that the theatre restaurant was closed for redecoration.
Undoubtedly, modern technology has changed my daily life.
And the best word I can use to describe all the changes is "drastic".
Among the greatest inventions of man I come across daily are the telephone, computer and automobile.
The computer, probably the must versatile invention, allows me to get access to huge informational sources through the Internet, to do shopping without leaving my house, to do my work more effectively and quickly.
People used to wear very different things from the clothes we wear now, we wouldn't even say that they are 'clothes'.
The things that people wear are changing all the time, everyone tries to be different in public and very different sorts of clothes are being created.
I believe they will wear very different things.
By contrast, in the future, I guess we would rather go back to the ancient time, owing to have natural life style. We will be unwilling to give housework away.
They are more comfortable and really match with the environment.
Although this is a new experience, I would prefer climbing and photography.
The concert was a big success, a lot of excitement.
The students mentioned that it would be very interesting to show the English lesson because some foreign students will probably join our college next year and it is the best way for them to find out about our English course.
Additionally, the advertisement said I could visit the theatre restaurant after the show.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
I told Pat everything even my secrets when we were still friendly.
However, we are not friends anymore because of a secret in the past.
I told Pat that my father and mother were going to separate.
Maybe it was the wrong decision to tell her. She began to share that secret with everybody, including the teachers.
Finally, I decided to go to another school and I will not tell any secret to anyone.
To begin with, in your letter you asked me when I would like to travel.
Thanking you in advance for your help, I look forward to hearing from you.
Also you can compare the different cultures of all the countries and sometimes there are planned visits to historical places.
In this lesson you can learn how to speak, write and read this foreign language with teachers that are well prepared.
theatre
To sum up, it is a big school where you have a lot of interesting lessons and some optional activities to doin your free time.
Regarding accommodation at Camp California, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because I think it is safer than a tent.
Now, my English teacher has asked me to explain what I think.
In my opinion, nowadays, shopping is very easy and at the same time very hard.
Amazingly, doctors tell people to look after their bodies during Christmas time: shopping can cause you a large variety of undesirable pains.
About the activities that I can do at the camp, I chose to play Basketball, which is my favourite sport, because I want to do some exercise while I am on vacation.
I also chose photography because it is one of my hobbies.
I'm writing you a letter, because you are the organiser of an International Arts Festival.
There is only one bad thing, that this festival was too short.
I've just received this letter from you, so I'm writing to you.
On Saturday and Sunday we don't have lessons, but it doesn't seem that we don't have work.
I don't have trouble with my education. My friends and teachers are nice and friendly, but there is one thing I'd like to change in my school.
I'd like to have more tests during the whole course, not only at the end, because it's making me very lazy.
Apart from that, the show was delayed forty-five minutes, consequently, everybody there lost control and became angry.
Finally I would like to inform you that I have never had such an unpleasant evening in my whole life.
The worst was that he did it unconsciously.
Later, I realised it was the worst thing that could happen to me.
I'm writing to express my feeling and opinion about the International Arts Festival which was held a few days ago.
For example, there were some concert halls which were too small to hold so many people, the stars and artists were just from six countries, which is not enough for the audience.
This reminds me of what I experienced during my teenage years.
We believe that the programme is very good and well organised and we would like to thank you one more time especially for that.
The exhibition is called the London Fashion and Leisure Show and it takes place at the Central Exhibition hall, in London, From 10.00 till 19.00.
The class is very excited about that because the Show covers the latest Fashions, leisure and Sports Wear, make-up and hairstyles.
Of course if you are in the public eye, the reasons why you want privacy are different, because if you are a politician, for example, you fear for your life.
Because
As for accommodation I would prefer to stay in tents.
It is amazing and sometimes amusing how charming and strong the spell of luxurious supermarkets and cosy little shops is.
But I do feel ill at ease when I see disappointed or angry assistants 'faces on leaving the magic world without any souvenirs of it!
I do apologize about that.
If this is an inconvenience, please feel free to tell me.
Guess what I've done!
The preparation days came.
I had a chance to talk to them about their jobs and it was amazing!
In particular, going to the Museum and the Art Gallery will be a great opportunity for all of us, as they are world-famous places in London.
It was okay, because I was quite good at that, but the problem was that I had to jump onto the roof!
Another point which I think was annoying was the concert hall.
Yours sincerely
Actually not all the schools in Turkey are so strict but unfortunately the school that I'm going to is like a military camp.
My family allows me almost everything except smoking and drinking alcohol of course, which I don't do anyway.
So if it's possible could you arrange it for me please.
And also, I would prefer the log cabins to the tents, as I have never slept in a sleeping bag before.
All of her fans were stood up the whole concert and dancing.
Some of the fans were not good at all because they shouted and argued, but most of the people were very good.
I must say though, I would have to travel in July because it's the summer holidays for schools and I would like to spend some of them in California and visit a few friends if that is possible.
A log cabin would be the ideal accommodation. Presumably they are more spacious than tents and it would be easier to keep tidy.
I would like to know how much money people usually take and how much clothing.
I know it sounds extremely boring and that is exactly what I thought when I was asked to help, but to my surprise it turned out to be much more fun than expected.
Thirdly, I would prefer to swim and play tennis, because I have been doing this since I was I child, and I think I am very good at each activity.
A few minutes later the show started and the group appeared on the stage.
Later, when the show had finished, I stayed with the group in their room for a few minutes.
What I really liked doing was helping them with their clothes and make-up, because I learnt how to do make-up for someone and I spent a few minutes with the most popular group in the world.
Regarding starting time and the theatre restaurant, to see the musical I had to wait about 45 minutes because it started at 20:15.
I know you are always interested in detective stories, especially Agatha Christie's. Don't be surprised!
Where the stories are concerned, they will not be difficult to understand because you already know the stories and the narators are going to read clearly.
Regarding the accommodation, I would be pleased to stay in a tent, because this reminds me of my holidays with my family.
I just had to take care of them, serving some drinks and food during the rehearsals.
I write to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow".
I had a very disappointing evening because of many things.
First the actor was a very average actor.
Also in the advertisement they talk about discount tickets.
Well they didn't accept my £ 20 discount ticket. Why?
And finally I couldn't visit the theatre restaurant after the show, it was closed. Why?
Also I wanted to tell you that the show was very boring.
It was always the same.
Because of all these things it obviously wasn't the perfect evening as was said in the advertisement.
I had to explain to everybody that I actually didn't have a girlfriend. I explained to them that it was a good possibility, nothing else, but no one believed me, because Pat had told them that I had an actual girlfriend.
This problem with Pat had a lot of consequences, because I had a very heavy discussion with her about it. It was so heavy that one of our teachers had to calm me down, because I was very angry with her.
Regarding the accommodation, if possible I would like to stay in a tent because I think it is a relaxing place to stay.
And if during the nights there are any entertainments?
The opposite situation is when I pass my exams and I really need to buy something as a present for myself.
It is really interesting.
That is the second day of our trip and it starts at 10.00 in the morning and lasts until 19.00.
This technological improvement is changing people's lives, behaviour, even their homes.
But we can't stop these technological improvements.
We should use them in positive ways.
and we are practising these things.
In the future life will be more artificial than it was.
How delighted I was when I received your letter!
I would like to ask you how much money I need, how the weather is, in order to pack the necessary clothing, and whether I need anything else.
I am sending you some pictures, the best ones only because there were some quite embarrassing ones.
It wasn't a spokesperson Kim but just asked him a couple of questions behind the stage.
You didn't tell us any details about how much the ticket costs to go inside.
In my class room somary people stay outside London about 50% in my class room and everyone is very worried about how they can stay for three days in London.
And we're very excited about your programme.
Because in London there are a lot of shopping places, can you tell us about shopping and the time For spend or day?
Thank you For any detail more I think we go with you and enjoy a fantastic programme.
If I tell something in the college baby someone like or dislike about my story but I think my story it very good for someone.
In my college have got a new student every Monday and very big college around heir. and we have got three buildings and we have got a lot of teachers the teachers have got experienced about teaching I think somebody come in my college you fried want to study in my college and you want tall anyone for your college you can't tell for something but you know yourself about college you know just you love it and very like it nobody dislike it somebody tall about class rooms it very big and comfortable.
It starts with food (monstrous) and goes on to clothes, pills, games and so on.
A simple and well-proven architecture.
Every electronic gadget in the future home will be able to communicate with other machines or computers.
Regarding the accommodation at the camp, I would prefer a tent. The reason is that I like to live really naturally and it is more enjoyable to live in a tent than in a cabin.
It was marvellous.
It was hard work for a while but I was so happy to help at a really big pop concert I can't describe it.
I really enjoyed that and it was one of the greatest, if not the greatest experience of my life.
The organizer of the tour spoke with me and asked me if I wanted to do the same work in two months at the Rolling Stones concert Isn't that fantastic!
That's the most suitable accommodation for a camping holiday.
They also gave me a ticket to watch the concert live.
I was really happy to be seeing the "Best Musical Show" in London.
By problems I mean that the show started at 20.15 and not at 19:30 or why there were no discounts available?
The most disappointing thing was that there were different actors to those advertised who were not very good at acting.
It wasn't really a perfect evening as you promised on your flyer.
I was very disappointed and I would like to have my money back.
If you think about the early days, when no cars were on the roads and no one had an opportunity to fly to another country for a holiday, people had to walk or go by horse and ship.
Today, everyone has the opportunity to just get into a car and drive wherever they want to.
This is also a very big disadvantage because many people are losing their jobs.
Another disadvantage is that everyone becomes a bit more lonely because they watch TV or play or work on the Computer and don't see each other anymore because they don't have to.
We can hardly imagine life without computers, TV sets, microwaves, and so many other things, and yet none of these things existed seventy years ago.
Her parents have been so upset that they have asked the school to help their child and that is the reason why I'm writing this story.
I have received your letter concerning two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
Regarding my accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin because it's more comfortable than a tent and less hot with the sun.
However, I hope, there is water and light inside this log cabin.
The saleswomen are too busy and haven't a moment to give you advice.
The other one is tennis, which is also my favourite sport and I have been playing for several years.
Lastly, I would like to know how many people are coming to the Camp I will go to.
I should be grateful if you would send me the further information that I asked for and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Favourite lessons
Favourite activities
I would like to tell you about the show which we would like to see: It is "The London Fashion and Leisure Show", which is going to take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London, on Tuesday the 14th March, between 10.00 and 19.00.
I'm very pleased to receive this prize.
Other workers are taking on other months so there is only July that is available for me.
I'm very good at tennis, and I was a professional tennis player.
Unforgivably, my climbing skill is nothing like my tennis skill, but I always love climbing.
I'm afraid of heights and I have always wanted to conquer that fear!
Filming life at school means filming the students 'actions and behaviour.
It is very interesting and fun with the experiment.
Lots and lots of experiments produce quite interesting and amazing results and I think Science is very useful in life.
Also it is not a very easy subject so we can capture other students 'faces in confusion and puzzlement.
We can see students expressing their feelings, wonderful and exciting story that the student made up or from a well well-known story.
Another exciting subject which most of the students like very much is P.E. Many students like to play sports.
I do a lot of sports, so apart from playing tennis I am a member of our local swimming centre. I can assure you that I am gradually improving my sports skills.
It took place in a huge stadium which had over 4,000 seats for the "spectators" if you can call them that.
The musicians brought it in order to achieve a high standard of sound quality.
I visited your theatre and I was very disappointed for a number of reasons.
I've read your advertisement and the reality was different to what was written there.
There was no Danny Brook but instead of him there was a different actor and I'm very disappointed about that because I'm a fan of his.
There were no discounts available so I overspent.
The theatre restaurant was closed for no reason apparent to me.
It was a really bad evening and because of that could you possibly give me my money back?
Everything was going perfectly before last month when I met a girl from the other school.
So one day she invited me to come to her house at night and to do so I had to run away from our boarding house and that was illegal.
So I woke up at 2 o'clock in the morning and climbed out of the window.
Next day my best friend went to the headmaster and told him about me so he put me on suspension.
At this we can see the latest fashions, imaginative make-up and hairstyles.
I am sorry to cause you inconvenience.
Last night, when I went into my house it was quite silent.
My father always remembered his responsibility was to provide his workers with a good salary, which is the aim of his life.
When I, with mixed feelings, went home I found my parents were standing at the door looking very cheerful. '
It is a good idea to include the visit to the Science Museum and the National Art Gallery in the morning on Tuesday and Wednesday respectively.
Firstly, there will be leisure and sports wear and the latest fashions.
Secondly, there will be exhibitions about makeup and hairstyles.
And on Tuesday we will enjoy the London fashion and Leisure Show till 19.00.
I am looking forward to receiving your positive reply.
We are interested in politicians 'and film stars' clothes, hobbies, passions and intrigues.
There are large numbers of journalists following them all the time, even in their private life.
We can go for a walk, go shopping, go to the cinema, get married or divorced.
Why must everybody know and talk about their private life?
I was not satisfied with the show at all because it was very different from the description your advertisement had given.
It was a disaster and I am going to tell you why.
But it has advantages as well as disadvantages.
On the other hand there are disadvantages, too.
Firstly, the environment is polluted because of technology, although this is our fault.
Secondly for us there are disadvantages because pollution affects us indirectly, and because I don't do anything but watch television, and it isn't very good at all.
I am writing to complain about your service.
You were meant to start the show at 19.30 p.m. but you started very late at 20.15 p.m without any explanation to the audience.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I knew that but I needed someone who could understand and support me at that moment.
I told her about my pregnancy because she has a friend who works in a hospital as a doctor.
I asked her for help and she promised me she would do everything that she could and keep my secret.
Pat gave me some advice and I decided to have an operation.
I got a bit depressed but my parents supported me.
They stopped me having the operation.
You won't wait in the queue.
I am a good swimmer and also good at golf (handicap twelve). I took a certificate to become a teacher in both of them six years ago before I went to "CROARA GOLF" in Milan where I organised the evening's entertainment for the customers.
First of all, I believe that if someone has time to go to the shops has the possibility.
Do you know I am amazing when it comes to playing tennis?
Great fun, very happy, if go with your girlfriend it will feel romantic, you should think something like this, but do you know it is not always like this?
If you interested in the clothes as well, but you need to remember, one is male, but one is female, they should have different fashion, at that moment should be had one is boring or have some bad chat, so in the end you both will feel unhappy or angry with each other.
Mr. Manager,
In this uncomfortable situation I am writing to tell you about some irritating problems.
Then, the time stated as the beginning of the show was 19:30 and unfortunately it began at 20:15.
Closing these facts, when the musical finished I was very, after waiting for the start of the musical and I was disappointed with this version of Over the Rainbow. Everybody went to the restaurant, which was closed without any explanation.
I am very disappointed with this evening and with this disorganised way of dealing with problems so I am asking for my money back.
They always did things together, and they were the most popular boys in school. Both were very handsome, played football; they were an example for everybody.
Unable to keep a secret he told everyone, ended his friendship with Ted. Now Ted is rejected by everyone, no one talks to him and Pat is the example, but without his best friend and his honesty.
In accordance with what you have told me about the accommodation I would prefer to go and stay in tents, because I think they're unusual and that is not something that you do every day.
In my opinion you have to give some money back to me.
She is a very good girl and she can deal with every problem she has.
My name is Agripina T. I just received your letter and I would like to answer and ask some questions.
While I'm at the Camp, I would like to do two of my favourite activities, which are basketball and singing.
In the past I was in a basketball team and I enjoyed it a lot.
At the Camp, is there a free uniform or will we have to wear something special?
And is it necessary to bring money, will we need it?
Students think that we don't do anything and we don't learn anything special.
Our music lessons are special.
And it's always interesting to watch others while they do something like that.
You can find further information from me about Camp California in the USA.
First of all I can go to Camp California only in July because I will start working at our local leisure centre as a swimming instructor.
I would like to stay in a log cabin because I have had bad experiences with tents.
We are all customers of the big supermarkets. They have all that we need.
But when we think about it seriously, shopping is not enjoyable, for example, if you forget something that you need for a salad.
You have to go back to the supermarket and find the nearest parking space, then before someone takes the last fresh lemon for your salad, you must find out where the lemon section is, because they love to change the store around again and again.
Firstly, I read in the advertisement that the actor would be Danny Brook, and this is one of the reasons why I went to the theatre.
But I had a big surprise when I saw that it was a different actor, and I was very disappointed.
I was very angry with her. I didn't know what to do, I was afraid that I had lost all my friends.
After a few seconds of thought I went straight to Pat. "Why, why did you do that?"
Firstly, you advertised that Danny Brook, who is my favourite, is the lead but there was another actor instead of him.
In accordance with study or work, I use the Internet, which is the easiest way to get information from all around the world.
When I asked for the price I was surprised because the assistant told me there wasn't any discount available.
After two hours I thought that all of this information was written from a foreign point of view and it wasn't the native opinion.
I used my computer to collect reports from the Internet and I can promise I found so much information that I couldn't analyse it in two weeks.
Changes won't stop coming: the WAP technology (you'll buy a cake from a vending machine without any coins, only one call), digital TV, virtual reality and more...
I would prefer to stay in a tent to staying in a cabin. Because it is something I feel more familiar with. I used to go camping with my family every summer.
Sometimes you can stay out all day just to buy a present for someone. It starts in the morning, and of course you have breakfast somewhere, and it gets later and you are still looking for it, so you have lunch, and finally you spend more money than you thought you would.
RECOMMENDATIONS
I have just received your letter informing me that I won a two week holiday at Camp California, so I am writing to you to tell you my preferences for the travel and the accommodation.
About the accommodation, I have no problems, but I would prefer staying in a tent, so that the holiday may be more adventurous.
First of all, the reason why I bought the ticket was Danny Brook, who is my favourite star, and was going to appear in the show.
I could say that we cannot survive without them.
It is getting more convenient and useful than our past life.
Furthermore, it is possible to treat many patients who have serious diseases more effectively, if we use modern technology in medical science.
Because of convenience, we can use our time more effectively, but we should not rely on these things too much.
Last week I attended the musical "Over the rainbow", and I am writing in order to complain about things that really disappointed me.
Hello. I'm Robert and I'm writing an article about clothes in the future.
In my opinion, in a hundred years we'll wear the same kind of clothes that we wear nowadays.
I received your letter and I'm very happy because I didn't expect it, so first of all I want you to know that I really fancy going to Camp California in the U.S.A. for two weeks, especially because I've never been to this country.
Finally I want to find out if there is a supermarket near the campsite and if there are any facilities for washing my clothes on the camp.
I look forward to receiving a reply from you.
We arrived quite early because we had to work out how we were going to serve people did with which order, so we started putting all the stuff in the appropriate place.
I was very nervous because I'd never been to a concert before and an hour before everything started the singer and the musicians were there and I couldn't help it and I started crying-you can imagine, they were so handsome that I couldn't believe it-I tried to calm down because I had to work, and later I began to feel more comfortable and when the concert started everything was so exciting that the time went very fast-although I was working-and it was like a dream.
I want to know if it is available at that time.
Furthermore, I would like to ask you which kind of clothes I need to take and how much money I'll spend.
But a lot of inconveniences annoy them.
First of all the parking is not convenient and is expensive.
Sometimes you have to park your car in a further place then walk to the supermarket.
Furthermore, when you look around the supermarket, you can't easily find the goods which you want to buy.
It's very confusing without the right signs.
As I understand, it is very important to confirm the date of my trip.
Now about accommodation. If it is possible I would prefer to stay in a tent.
I am quite good at tennis, especially playing doubles.
Also I like swimming and I've got two years 'experience of teaching swimming at a leisure centre.
I can't concentrate in a shop, and I can't relax either.
On the other hand, I understand very well that it is really necessary. I also understand that nobody will do that in my place.
I think it is an opportunity to meet different people (even if they are pushing you), to understand what they like and what they don't, because even some kinds of food can be in fashion.
I am writing this letter to inform you I had a very disappointing evening at your musical show "Over the rainbow" at the Circle Theatre where you are the director.
This was a very difficult decision but I had to take it because of my personal situation, all the time shouting and fighting with all my family.
I'm writing this letter to you to make a complaint about the musical show "Over the Rainbow" which I saw yesterday. I have to say that I'm very disappointed with what I saw because after seeing your advertisement I expected more. The show was entirely different to what it says in the advertisement.
I was a little more patient so I stayed to watch the whole show, which by the way was the worst I have ever seen.
I don't know why I paid £ 20 with no discount, which the advertisements said I would have.
Then I thought that I should go to the theatre restaurant to have a drink or eat something so that I couldn't say that I had wasted my time by coming here.
Computers have entirely changed people's lives.
There are hundreds of programs which help you communicate with your cousin in Australia or with a complete stranger who you want to meet.
I won't ever forget the day the doctor told me and my Mum the truth about my strange disease.
Before it was packed into by the audience, we had to clean around the reception, but totally it was really exciting although I was just a member of staff in the small reception, because I felt great excitement (especially girls!) from people queueing.
I know this is one right love. I'm absolutely besotted with him.
She told everyone that I fancy him and everybody always makes a joke of it. That makes me feel so embarrassed: I was very angry at that time!
Amazingly, we can find that there are more and more computer users.
My daily life has also changed a lot through the use of computers or modern technology.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin because in my opinion tents are very uncomfortable to sleep in and they aren't very cosy.
I would like to ask you for vegetarian food for me as I am a very strict vegan, and to suggest what kind of clothes to bring.
In a nutshell I think Maths, basketball, Speech and Drama, and History should be filmed.
Firstly, I would like to thank you warmly for this great prize.
Of course we will also show other activities, such as PE, the lunch break and the theatre workshop.
It wasn't a "perfect evening out" like you said in the advertisement, so my friends and I would be grateful if you would give us some money back, if that is possible.
Your faithfully
It's a sad story but it lets you know about a type of life that you can't imagine really exists.
I would like to travel only in July, because I am going to study at my university until the end of June.
I have a lot of possibilities for spending my spare time.
Generally I paint some landscapes by using watercolours, but sometimes I try to paint like during the impressionist era by using blobs, oil paint and canvases.
In order to prepare it I visited some classrooms during the lessons and I interviewed a number of students from our school.
Some of the teachers are very good professionals.
Their lessons are valuable, rich in knowledge and funny.
According to students 'opinions, the most popular activities are basketball, tennis, swimming and also the photography group and the painting team.
It could make the video more interesting.
It will show that during every day we have great fun and we receive good, important knowledge.
My school starts a summer holiday from 1st July and I am going to take a summer course from August.
They can relax, reduce their stress and they are happy when they find the thing which they wanted.
However, shopping sometimes makes them stressed. People often waste money on worthless things.
During the camp I would like to practise my swimming (I have attended swimming lessons for 3 years) and also I would like to learn how to take some good photos.
Sometimes, unfortunately shopping can be very annoying, especially at Christmas or Easter time.
The only advice would be: "Do not do your shopping at Christmas or Easter time"-but it will not make any sense, will it?
In addition to this, it was not the famous actors that you had mentioned in the advertisement performing, so we were disappointed.
Then I had to wait 45 minutes; the show started at 20:15.
At that moment I was really angry, so to calm down I went to the theatre restaurant, but it was closed, because of its bad hygiene and food.
Now I only need to push a button, and things or machines work on their own.
Homework is easier to do with the computer than with a book sometimes.
Maybe, I won't be able to understand how the things work and that scares me. I will be useless, because a machine will do all the work.
To begin with, it was not Danny Book who acted in the show, as you wrote.
And then about the tickets, you wrote that there were discounts available but there were not.
Finally when we had seen the Musical, we went to the restaurant and it was closed because they were doing some decorating, and you wrote in your advertisement, "Visit our theatre restaurant after the show"
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Clothes are a very interesting subject to study.
If you travel around you can see a lot of difference still between different cultures.
First I think that in the future we are going to wear fewer clothes because the climate is going to get warmer and warmer.
Finally in my opinion I wish we would dress more as we did in the past, using natural material. We must think more about the environment and live closer to nature.
In the past, for example, we used to write letters to communicate, but now we surely send an e-mail, a fax or make a phone call.
Nowadays, you get everything immediately, but will it always be a good thing? I think not.
So they prefer to leave their sons watching TV.
In my view, it was extremely interesting and satisfying for me all the concert long.
Although I cannot explain any more about the thing I felt during the concert in this letter, I'd like to recommend you to help at a pop concert.
I am afraid that I couldn't write to you immediately, but last month I enjoyed helping at a pop concert and so I was very busy.
Regarding the accommodation I would prefer to stay in a cabin.
I think that the cabins are safer than the tents and they can protect you better in case the weather changes.
I chose climbing because I'm interested in this sport even though I'm not experienced.
Yours sincerely
Before the concert I helped with carrying and putting in order some chairs on which some special people would sit.
In addition I had the opportunity to talk to the singers and get a lot of autographs by them.
I was doing different activities, from designing fliers to selling tickets.
In addition I checked the e-mail daily and answered the phone.
In the advertisement it said that discounts were available, but when I asked a member of staff in the theatre about the discount he didn't offer me one.
I expect this will be possible.
Like earrings, necklaces, bracelets, rings, glasses, hair bands, handbags, shoes, watches, etc.
We had a great time together until we decided to visit the musical "Over the Rainbow" at the "Circle Theatre".
So when the miserable musical came to its end, we were happy to leave the theatre auditorium, but we both wanted to have dinner in the theatre restaurant, because no restaurants were open anymore, because it started too late.
Pat was my big brother, who had heard of some people paying, "safety-money", but never know the reason, until he found a large amount of money in my room.
Yeah folks, that was the point I got interrupted by my parents in this beautiful dream, but if you want to hear the end of my story than buy the "Rossall-School-magazine", next issue, and you will hear the end of this unbelievable story.
Secondly, for accommodation, I prefer to say in log cabins, as I have no experience staying in a tent, I hesitate to try.
I used to belong to the singing club when I was a high school student and once we won the contest, moreover, painting is one of my favourite hobbies.
Finally, I would like to ask you whether there is anything I should bring on this trip such as specific clothes, extra money etc.
It was a privilege to help at a pop concert.
My dear friend, if I tell you this, I am sure you will get jealous.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'd appreciate for giving me the first prize in the competition.
The aim of this report is to summarize the results of the survey, which is about making a short video.
Yet, one extremely hot day while I was peacefully walking by the sea and thinking about my own problems, I discovered my elder brother's girlfriend with another boy.
So, the next day, I nervously came to Pat's apartment where she had been living on her own since she was eighteen.
From the activities, I would choose painting-which I am keen on and I have done several courses-and Photography-about which I know just the basic skills.
Besides, it was confirmed by scientists that consumerism may develop into a compulsion.
First of all, I was looking forward to seeing one of my favourite actors, Danny Brook, and it was very disappointing for me to see a different actor instead of him in spite of his name being written in the advertisement.
I'm writing this letter to inform you about the disappointing evening I had when I visited the Circle Theatre.
It's something absolutely necessary for every action people perform. It affects us both positively and negatively.
I'm writing to you on behalf of all the English class in order to let you know how excited we are about the trip to London and to give you some ideas of other things we are interested in doing in London while we're there.
First of all, we'd like to thank you for the programme you have already arranged. It's wonderful because it covers most of our interests.
But also we would like to visit The London Fashion and Leisure Show that will be held at the Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday March 14 from 10:00-19:00.
Thank you for your time. We're looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I had always wanted to travel abroad and experience other people's lives and cultures, so I decided to go to Paris as soon as I finished university.
But in spite of all of these disadvantages, I was pursuing my dreams and objectives and in spite of everything I was going to do it.
It took me three months to learn the language and by this time the whole family had fallen in love with me, so that when they decided to move to London, they invited me and now we all live here and I feel like part of the family, even though it was very hard at the beginning.
First of all, the stars of the show were not Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
But your stars were not there.
From every singular things I have complained, it was totally different from what your advertisement said.
And I can send e-mail to my friends via the Internet fast and cheaply compared to the old-style mail-services.
I'm writing to you to complain about the disappointing experience I had with your theatre.
And last, the most disappointing thing, the advertisement also said that Danny Brook would be there, my favourite actor, but there was someone else instead of him.
So, the show was not good at all and my evening was spoiled in spite of all that the advertisement promised.
So, that afternoon at lunchtime, I went into the teachers 'room and opened her desk and took the paper out quietly and calmly.
That was the most scary and daring thing that I did in my childhood.
Sincerely...
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and so his whole school knew about Sara's experience.
Sara was a very good pupil.
She spent the money on a magazine.
I am writing to you to thank you for your very good organisation of the International Arts Festival, where I spent two excellent days recently.
I suggest it would be very interesting to meet artists from faraway and exotic countries.
To finish my letter, I hope that my notes can help you to make next year's festival more interesting and comfortable for the public.
It is so because you are young and need to make your life as interesting as it can be now.
Naturally, it's easier to get a job when you are good at foreign languages or computers.
Also some concert halls were too small for this many people.
The school is like a dungeon here.
I don't want to be so evil about school but rules are rules and they are limiting us within the borders of our school.
We are not allowed to compare our thoughts during the lessons because the teachers think that we are chatting.
I had been looking forward to seeing my favourite actor Danny Brook, but he had been replaced by some other actor.
I was not too happy about that and why didn't the show start when it was supposed to start?
Your advertisement was full of false advertising.
I hope you appreciate my letter and that you'll try to amend these problems./ Sally Svenssen
I don't have to mess around in the supermarket on a Friday evening, when I'm tired from school, I just get all the groceries I need delivered to my door instead.
Nowadays I spend 2 hours in front of the computer every day, shopping or chatting to people.
The last thing I would like to know is what clothes I have to take, even though the weather in July will be good.
So, let's imagine that your credit card is not working, or some one stole your cash from your pocket.
Also it is very difficult to shop if you are handicapped.
Staying in a queue or crowd is also unpleasant.
Your advertisement for the show contains further inaccuracies; this show did not start at 19.30 p.m but only at 20.15.
Under these circumstances, as your Theatre did not fulfil its commitments, I ask you for a full refund and I expect to receive a cheque for £ 15, as soon as possible Yours faithfully
Mind what you tell her; she can make the worst of it; gossiping is her favourite leisure activity!
A couple of weeks later, my sister called me when I was at work; completely devastated and weeping scalding tears, she could hardly pronounce a word.
I could get her to simmer for a second or two then she suddenly started shouting uncontrollably:-"Never have I met such a poor cow like Pat", Olga hurled this at me down the phone.
For activities, my first choice is basketball. I have been playing it since I was nine years old.
My second choice is golf.
However, I could enjoy it, even though I was a beginner, so I would like to practise and have fun at the camp.
As I have told you, I had a chance to help at a concert of Majesty, a local band in which one of my friends played guitar.
At first I just helped setting up the stage; setting microphones, and tuning guitars.
He explained to me that it was to control the light.
It was fun practising how to move the lights and change the lights.
Beside that, I'm allergic, and that causes me problems when I'm close to nature.
I'm quite good at painting and I play tennis. I'll be very happy if you can give me a chance to use the camp's art studio and you'll be able to prepare some painting materials like oil paints, canvas and brushes for me.
I think the result of that action was marvellous.
Everybody was very surprised that you can create such amazing things, using scissors and paper.
The light on the stage was very bright and very warm which made the scenery very pleasant.
The organisers paid for my accommodation and flight to Ireland.
On the next day I helped them to build the scenery and I had enough time to visit a museum in Dublin in the evening.
In order to know what sort of clothes I have to take, please can you tell me about the normal weather for this period?
One of the most important things we have to film is our bicycle classes. Our school is now the best in the country in all ages. We are prest with this. We can show what we doin order to be the best.
It would be good to show the swimming pool, the gym, etc.
And on the other hand we also have a very important museum, and a very beautiful building in the school grounds, bowls them!!
After that, your restaurant was closed without reason.
Introduction: The aim of this report is to summarize the right lessons and activities to be filmed.
Conclusion
I have always been interested in visiting other countries.
Below is a summary of the most important relevant points with some recommendations.
The fully equipped computer centre in the main building is extremely good.
2. The school arranges an amazing range of activities, such as excursions, sports and different kinds of trips.
Regarding accommodation, between tents and log cabins, I would prefer a tent, because I love adventure and also because I can be freer.
I know I will have the chance to do two activities, so I have chosen two from your list: basketball, because I have been playing it since I was eight and I have been part of a strong team for three years.
The other one I have chosen is swimming; for the same reason why I chose basketball.
For example, if the shop is full of people, it is not enjoyable, because they will create too much confusion, too much noise with the risk of wasting time.
The last problem I would like to tell you about is about the restaurant there.
First it helps to make my social life convenient.
To sum it up, as technology is improving my life itself is becoming convenient.
I would like to know with whom I'll share such wonderful days with the sports activities.
My Russian friend invited me to set up an exiting new business.
First of all, in order to our firm purpose I wrote an invitation to my favourite idol-the poet and singer Boris Grebenchekoff.
His one-week concert programme was so successful that we decided to invite him else, as soon as the tickets were all sold.
I had a nice experience as manager too.
I am writing about the letter that I recently received from you, which is about a competition in which I have won the first prize.
About the accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent, because it is safer and more comfortable.
The two activities that I prefer are Basketball, because I played in my school's team for almost a year, and Photography, which is a hobby that I am good at and I have done since I was ten.
People are used to going to the shopping centre because it is easy and familiar. It is one place where you can have lunch or dinner, watch a movie after that, and, if you want, buy something at the shops.
Instead of going to the theatre, which is more cultural, or even having a picnic at Ikurapiura park, people prefer spending all their money at shopping centres.
Circle theatre's Manager: I am writing to you because I felt disappointed after seeing the musical "Over the Rainbow".
First the actors who were supposed to star in this show were not the ones put on stage.
I had a discount ticket, but they refused it and I had to pay the full price.
Apart from this, the show started forty-five minutes late.
I think these reasons are sufficient to ask for my money back.
She was also concerned about being pregnant, but she was afraid to tell John about it.
He couldn't believe what Pat had told him, so he broke Pat's nose.
I am now writing this letter to give you further information about myself with pleasure.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer to stay in tents because I think it will be closer to nature.
Tennis is my favourite sport.
Shopping is becoming a popular way of killing time nowadays.
Try to imagine the scene: twenty or thirty or even more people are in a queue outside the fitting room.
The accommodation that best suits me is the log cabin, as the space in tents is very limited and I am not used to having all my belongings in order and packed at all times.
With regard to the activities you offer, it is difficult to choose from such a huge variety, but I prefer to do those I know better such as climbing.
There are many things that can go wrong in the process of acquiring a product or service.
Hunting on the high street, or the shopping malls for the desired bargain-because we can't afford to buy anything otherwise-often becomes a desperate attempt to attain a lifestyle promoted by the new consumerist society.
In the end everything depends on our attitude to life, including shopping.
But even without money to spend it is fun to rush from time to time through the sales that seasonally appear, or simply look at the superb displays that shops have in their showrooms.
First I didn't accept but finally she convinced me.
I would prefer a tent rather than a log cabin because I have been told that the Californian summer is hot and dry so, because a tent's wind circulation is better, it would create a comfortable coolness.
It is finally your turn and you reluctantly hand the money over to the hypocritical cashier.
They had a concert in my home town, that's why the organisers were looking for young people who could speak English.
The staff in that department were really friendly and helpful and they were also huge, like giants.
Basically, I helped them liaise with the local police and get some electronic equipment that they needed.
By the way, I have already been invited to their next concert.
You said that some discounts were available.
When I went to the restaurant I was really surprised.
In the advertisement you wrote "your perfect evening out", that's very funny.
It helps me when I study. I can find many things on the Internet or write my compositions on it.
I can find cold water in the refrigerator but 50 years ago they didn't have the refrigerator, so our life is easier today.
I think it depends if you are a man or a woman and now I have to say I am a woman and I enjoy it.
First of all, as I see it the idea of an Arts Festival is great because in this way many people can get to know artists who come from different countries.
I always prefer to read books that are unusual in some way, because they give me the opportunity to escape from everyday reality.
They are the main characters of that book, and what characterizes them is the violence of their passions.
To make it worse, neither discounts nor restaurants were available that night although they were said to be available.
According to the owner of the restaurant, it was closed because the plugs of some lights were cut off.
However, I think there will be some differences in the quality and materials of clothes.
Although the appearance such as shape and colour will not change so much in fashion.
Some people are in a hurry, others are aggressive and most of the others are very stressed.
It is not always like that but we often see such a scene, even though shopping is becoming an entertainment not only for teenagers but also for adults.
Then, the show was meant to start at half past seven and I had to wait forty-five minutes because it started late.
I am writing this letter to complain about the treatment that we received when we went to the Circle theatre in order to see the musical show "Over the rainbow", whose actors were Anthony Keens and Tina Truelove.
Indeed, it had a big swimming pool and a beautiful garden.
At first I was irritated that contrary to your announcements no discounts were available.
To my greatest disappointment Danny Brooks was not in the show, but his part was played by an actor whose (lack of) singing and acting skills did not make him a suitable replacement.
yours sincerely
Technology is essential to our life, we need it each minute, each second.
Good because you can have access to a lot of information, and it is bad because the computers are doing people's work.
We really appreciate your organising a very nice programme, which has been organised by you this time.
In particular the River trip to Greenwich makes us very excited and we are really looking to forward to this.
We're looking forward to your reply.
Invent glass was very eventually to architect.
Architecture with use of glass brought us modernism in 1980.
In the future we can expect to have a new material and it will make our life more comfortable and convenient.
It is said that one of the reasons is that a small separate room makes children unsociable and depressed.
Also as producing new electronic, our home of the future will be more convenient.
In addition I would like to choose singing and photography because I am good at singing and taking photographs.
Last month I enjoyed helping at a pop concert a lot. Really it was a very interesting experience, particularly when I had to deal with a young group of children from Latin America.
It was incredible, because I learnt some Spanish words such as Hello, How are you? goodbye
, What is your name, house, dog, cat, boy, girls etc. I am very happy that I promised myself that I would learn Spanish this Summer at Huntingdon College.
At the concert they were very successful because they were very confident and I helped with the sound system and our equipment was extraordinary and the audience were fantastic.
It seems to me that all these failures were your fault, because you were responsible for the organisation of the show.
However, considering that I saw the show, I would like to get a 50% refund.
Please reply at your earliest convenience.
That is why I think that modern technology helps me in my daily life.
I have once experienced having been soaked while I was sleeping in a tent due to heavy rain several years ago.
I would be really grateful if you could send me some information or any relevant brochure.
I'm writing to you because I wanted to tell you what a bad experience I had during my holidays when I went to see the play on at your theatre.
To begin with, the actor you published as going to perform, didn't.
People are getting more and more addicted to this, because it helps to make everyday life easier and more comfortable.
I've recently been to one of your musical shows called "Over the rainbow" at the Circle theatre in London, thinking it might be a good idea but it was disappointing.
I'm writing this letter to explain to you what happened and to look for a solution.
To begin, the organisation of your colleagues in the theatre was awful for various reasons.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, so without want I knew that there was going to be a concert in our city given by, from my point of view, the best group in the world, Oasis.
At first I got more angry with Pat than with my other friends in the group, because Pat was and is my best friend.
Then I realised that she had reason. I was irritable because my parents were going to get divorced, but Pat would always be my best friend so I told her that I wasn't angry with her and I was not going to go to the concert because I had to go to the court to solve my parent's affair.
And that's the story of how I missed the opportunity to go to the only concert that Oasis have given in my city.
Well, some people would say yes whereas others would disagree.
However, I would add that journalists-being aware of that hard topic-should try to moderate what they write in order to respect other people's privacy; since they would probably not be happy to have their own private life exposed!
I was bored, so I decided to follow him to discover where he was going.
I would prefer to be accommodated in a log cabin as I do not like sleeping on a mattress and I get an allergy to rubber.
Could you, please send me some extra information regarding the amount of money I should take to cover any other expenses, and also, what kind of clothes I should take.
For the two activites that I chose are at first swimming. I am in the swimming team and I must go two times per week to train because I have a competition every weekend.
Could you tell me approximately how much?
The concert sarted at 6:00 pm until 2:00 am, and I started to work at 12:00 pm to prepare the stage with the musicians.
After that, at 2:00 pm, when people arrived, I was at the entrance to take the tickets and, you know, it was incredible because some people slept all night in front of the stadium to be in the front row.
I saw old people, children.... and for me it was very strange and it was very interesting, because I met a lot of people and the best thing was that I knew the pop group who sang. It was fantastic.
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show which the Circle Theatre is staging. I recently had a week's holiday in London and during my stay I went to your theatre to see "Over the Rainbow".
In the advertisement, I had read that Danny Brook was starring but he was not.
The play should have started at 19.30 but it started forty-five minutes later, we were waiting there without anything to do.
After the show had finished, I went to the theatre restaurant to have something to drink and relax but it was closed because the staff was on holiday.
Moreover the discounts were not available as you said in the advertisement and I paid £ 20.
I would like a refund because it was one of the worst evenings of my life. If this matter is not resolved, I will take it further.
Everybody agreed with her.
I've received your letter and I'm very happy to know that I won the competition and the first prize.
In answer to your question, I will have to say that I can only go to the camp in July because of my job; they only gave me that month off.
I would prefer to do some climbing because that's what I doin my spare time and I do it quite well.
Apart from that, if you give surfing classes I would love to take them; surfing is one of my chilhood dreams that never came true.
I don't know what type of clothes I have to take or the amount of money that I'm going to spend, so if you, please, could help me by giving me this information I would be very pleased.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
We have all been shopping once in our lives and sometimes it probably has not been very enjoyable, why? We had a class discussion and we all agree on some points.
For example, if we go to a big mall we will probably never find what we are looking for, and instead of buying what we came for we will leave with lots of things that we liked but we will never use.
Most of the time he gets lost, or they start playing around, making noise, bothering people, etc... And when this happens you get in a bad mood and you'll have a bad day shopping.
So if you want to have a good, relaxing day shopping, we recommend you don't go with your little brothers and to go with enough time to look around for what you really want.
I'm writing to you because I went to the International Arts Festival and it was a pleasure.
On the other hand, I must tell you that some concert halls are too small, so you can't be comfortable enough to appreciate the event.
Considering the advertisement, which appeared in one of London's newspapers, I would like to present you with some of my complaints about your musical spectacle.
Secondly, the time when your musical should start was changed, delaying your show for nearly one hour!
Neither the beautiful surroundings near your theatre nor the comfortable seats compensated for my horrible evening.
However, technology has a bad influence on us-generally on our health.
However, he did not act, and his substitute was not very good at acting.
I went to buy the tickets but when I paid there was not any discount available.
That Wednesday Pat phoned me and told me that Sally also loved Paul.
The weekend came and that Friday we went to the discotheque.
When Sally came out of the discotheque I was very angry and I started to shout at her.
Unfortunately I was very disappointed with it; I was expecting the opposite.
First of all, the advertisement where you advertised your show and what the theatre provides is totally wrong.
I came to see my favourite actors Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but the actors whom I saw were other people.
Another thing is that I took a particular amount of money to buy tickets and when I appeared in front of the ticket desk I found out that the cost of the tickets in your advertisement and the real price weren't the same, the real price was much higher.
Also the show started very late compared to what was written in the advertisement.
before the beginning?
So, after all of that, I wanted to have a nice relaxing dinner in your restaurant. I was very angry when I appeared in front of closed doors and there was a notice that the restaurant wasn't open.
In fact I am writing to you with just one main aim. I'll be really delighted to receive the money back for my ticket.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Faithfully yours
Look at the history books for 400-600 years ago, or even for the time of the First and Second World Wars, to see how society has changed, just because we stepped up the advance of science and technology.
On the one hand scientists have discovered a lot of medicines for different illnesses, but on the other hand they discovered many illnesses which we hadn't heard about before.
More and more people die from some illnesses whereas a long time ago fewer people died from the same illnesses, despite the fact that they had fewer medicines.
However, technology nowadays has improved so much and it has changed our lives a lot.
Today we can't even think how we could possibly live without computers or without aeroplanes.
The computer is our way of communicating with the outside world, whereas with aeroplanes we can reach our parents and friends easily and much faster than we would if we used boats or trains.
Every day scientists and technologists discover and produce more and more new things and that is good. It has to be like that, we have to go forward not backward from the point where we are now.
Society has to go forward not to stop in one place.
Actually, I read the advertisement for the show and there were a few mistakes in it.
After the play, we wanted to eat at the theatre restaurant but we couldn't.
As you can see, there are some (deliberate?) mistakes in the advertisement you made.
I quickly became bored by this hypocritical attention they gave me.
I am writing to complain about a musical show last weekend when I was in London.
I felt very upset about your advertisement was totally different from the musical show.
It was quite ridiculous!
She enjoyed sharing everything with Pat, whatever it was.
This made Nick very embarrassed and he felt hurt.
Finally, they got separated.
For example, if Diana, who was the ex-wife of Prince Charles, hadn't been followed by paparazzi when she was dating a man, there wouldn't have been a car accident which caused her death.
It was a pity that the halls used for the classical concerts were too small.
When the sons were old they began to talk about their life, beginning with this story, which happened a long time ago.
17th June 2000
I'm in London for the first time and I wondered what is interesting on your stage: I read in the newspaper the advertisement about the best musical show.
In the advertisement the cast was very interesting-Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
I decided to go to your theatre but at the beginning it was the tranbles.
In the advertisement it said-"discounts available".
I'm a teacher and in Poland I have discounts but in England I don't. I know this is another country.
I was very suprised when I saw a different actor. It wasn't Danny Brook.
I saw one week ago on TV (the 23rd annual) the fashion show in Paris and I was very suprised because of the style.
All the models had very strange long shoes made from black leather, the trousers were quite short and the jackets were elegant with emblazoned material.
People will wear clothes made from natural materials like silk, which will be comfortable and elegant.
Because the world is now a global village people will wear at least one item of traditional or national clothing (for example a peasant jacket or hat), like they do now in rural areas from time to time.
Sailing means an ever renewed adventure as you cannot control the atmospheric conditions.
When you ask to, the sales person often answers that your size is out of stock.
It seems like a good opportunity to practise it.
I would rather stay in a tent, because I have stayed in tents before and I liked it. It is more pleasant than staying in log cabins and it is such a wonderful experience.
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable because a lot of things can happen to you.
Therefore she had to do a lot of tramits to cancel her credit cards and to change her plane ticket.
Well, regarding the accommodation at Camp California I would prefer staying in a tent.
Well this is absolutely true, especially when you go shopping on Saturday.
For example, you go into a clothes shop, you see all those women running around trying to find the shirt that will match their new skirt, so they are looking everywhere, pushing you because they think that you will take the shirt that they want.
You get headaches, you get stressed, and finally you get bruises because of the woman who pushed you to get the pretty skirt before you!!!
I would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent, because I find it more comfortable to sleep in a bed, but it wouldn't be a problem if I have to sleep in a tent.
I would love to do climbing and surfing just because those are sports I have never tried before. That means I do not have any experience.
The part that I enjoyed the most was that I felt I was doing something worthwhile for the community and also that I got to meet a lot of people.
I have just received your letter saying that I have won the competition. I must say I was really surprised and happy to be given the opportunity to join the Camp for two weeks.
I am concerned that you offer me the chance to choose two activities, while I am there. Because of my studies, I will take painting, as this is the subject which I am finishing at college, always with important qualifications, and photography which has been my hobby since I discovered that I can mix, in practice, paint and photography.
Concerning accommodation,
I would prefer a tent since for me if I go to a camp or on an excursion it isn't the same if I sleep in a cabin.
I really liked one of them concerning a holiday in Spain for 3 days with hotel and breakfast included, for only £ 250.
I went inside to ask about that package but they told me that it was gone, so, I went to many shops just to get the same answer.
As and advise try to go shopping in the out pick hours, and don't waste your time asking for promotions advertised in the windows of the shop.
I'm not really a young man and during the recent years of my life I becamehave become accustomed to comfort.
That was cruel, because I was very hungry after the show.
In spite of this, I have got all the equipment I need for painting and I paint very well.
The food was delicious and fortunately I did not have to pay for it.
I am very pleased to be the winner in your competition.
When I was at the university I was very keen on basketball and I played for the university team.
In 1998 we were the champion of the First National League.
Nowadays our shopping habits seem to have changed. I can clearly remember my childhood and our only local shop.
I was really astonished by all these shopping centres, like ASDA, HOMEBASE, etc.
One day I decided to go to the shopping centre which is only 40 metres from our house.
I'd walked around for about 15 minutes until I found the door.
When I entered the shop I was a bit angry.
In fact, this activity seems to be very interesting.
Unfortunately, I have never tried but I feel like trying it.
The best thing to do would be to show the cooking personnel because they are very nice.
I advise finishing with a chemistry lesson so that people see the laboratory.
The advertisement promised us a perfect evening but it wasn't, so I would highly appreciate it if you could completely refund our tickets.
Since Paul ran a very popular hotel in London, he told Pat that on Sunday the superstar Madonna was supposed to be staying there with her new mysterious lover.
I'm writing to you to complain about the musical that I saw when I went to the theatre during my holidays in London.
To my surprise Danny Brook never appeared.
He is my favourite actor and I paid to see him not to see a different actor.
Finally at the end of the show I decided to go to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because it hadn't been repaired.
I enclose my postal addresses and I will be looking forward to a complete refund
Most of them believe that they are kind of crazy or evil.
Carol, a 16-year-old girl, said, "I imagine clothes in the future will be very strange.
Maybe they will be in many colours and they will be very tight.
They will be synthetic clothes, I think, made of plastic or something similar. "
Most young people like Carol believe the same and use their minds to imagine the variety of clothes in the future.
After all, they'll be the ones that decide what the Fashion of the Future will be like.
My name is Joseph and I am writing this letter to complain about the mess that the administration of the Circle theatre presented to me.
We paid to see Danny Brook, my son's favourite actor, but we were quite disappointed. My son was very happy because he would see his favourite actor for the first time.
Expecting British punctuality, we went to the theatre at 19:00 to watch the 19:30 show but it only started at 20:15. It finished later than it was supposed to and then we missed the train.
I didn't see any discounts available; I thought my son would have paid less than I. As we had already missed the first we went to the theatre restaurant, which is famous for its good food, however, it was closed.
Because of this, the least you can do for us is to give me my money back and work hard so that this theatre, which is famous for its beauty and punctuality doesn't become famous for its disorganised shows.
People have seen in the last 10 years how different our clothes can become.
Clothes used to be made of cotton, but nowadays we can see shirts, pants, socks.... made of almost anything.
Computers are little things nowadays, but at the speed at which technology develops, in the next century clothes will tell our doctors about our health at any moment, any time, anywhere, people will be able to locate us around the world.
In the future we won't buy clothes according to size or even colour. Our clothes will adapt to our bodies, the weather, our fit, all our needs.
I saw the musical show in your advertisement during my holiday.
I think after 100 years, at least something will change as regards design, material, colour, etc.
Since I was a child, I have been interested in camping and sleeping in tents.
For example, how much pocket money will be enough and what kind of clothes I should wear.
We think that this is a great opportunity and we are all very interested in going because we can see there the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, a lot of different kinds of make-up and some famous hairstylists.
The show is absolutely free for students.
I have further ideas. In the future, maybe in 2113, there will be houses like now but with more technical things.
But I think that people will also need a bed and a table with a chair.
houses will only be more modern and more practical but not very different from our homes in the present.
The whole show and the acting was of a standard comparable to school theatre.
When we decided to visit the theatre Restaurant after the show it was closed because some decorating wasn't finished.
It was this last point that got me angry.
After everything that had happened we went to the hotel tipped and very affect.
From a small village to the town was a very long way because people used a horse and wagon.
Every family now has a TV, to travel long distances we use not just the car but also the train and aeroplane.
Before we had a fantasy about how people might travel to other planets, and what we see now is a spaceship cruising in space.
Before it was only in our imaginations.
New technology has made our lives more comfortable and easier.
Everything that we do now we do with a computer: it helps to look after the house, to perform very difficult operations, because the computer can think much faster than a human.
And I can continue my list in this way... because science never stops in one place.
Looking forward to your reply.
It was such a wonderful experience!
When Jane asked me to help her with the publicity and specially with the interviews, I just couldn't believe it.
You know that I love going to concerts, but being at the beginning of the show and a member of the staff was something I was always interested in.
In the area of publicity we were about 50 guys, all of us investigating, calling radio stations, organizing the reporters, specifying where the press would be for the interview that took place afterwards... yet, it was incredibly satisfying when everything turned out just fine!
Before I go to the Camp, I would like to know what type of clothes I need to take and whether there is anything I should take in case of any emergencies.
I was one of the luckiest people from my school to be picked to help at the pop concert which took place in my town.
Me and my friends were very excited, not because of the stage decoration but because of the pop singers and bands whom we would be able to see!
However the best part was watching and listening to the singers and bands practising on the stage.
He started to consume the stuff at the age of twenty.
He had problems at home because his mother wanted to settle down in Australia, but Peter was used to living in New York, where it is overcrowded and he was surrounded by people.
But I have booked a flight home at the beginning of August.
Nowadays the Internet brings us closer and closer.
3. Library.
We not only borrow books from a library but also study at a library.
With reference to the accommodation I would rather stay in a tent because I think it is the best way to socialize.
In addition I need to know whether meals are included or not with the accommodation so that I can decide how much I must have with me.
Just then Ake exclaimed that I could play the piano.
yours sincerely
The restaurant, which I decided to visit after the show to eat something, was closed without any explanation and the perfect evening was completely imperfect.
Often you wear very little but short skirts and tops.
The summers and winters get warmer.
Besides all those improvements and comforts I can't stop thinking where all this will lead us.
All these items of equipment are applications of modern science.
Thank you for this prize, I'm really excited and emotional.
To answer your question, I would like to travel only in July because
I really appreciate this kind of trip and I'm really grateful for your attention.
Yours sincerely,
Women can't resist the temptation of shopping and they are disappointed when they don't have the desire to shop.
Shopmania is really unstoppable. I know women who do everything they can to buy only a dress, or even worse, women who buy things they have no use for, for example, snap, sculptures, kitchen tissues, or everything sold by telemarketing that really is useless, but they cannot resist the fact of it "being there."
There are many facts to prove that shopping is not "pretty and harmonious", so believe me, it is not always enjoyable.
I am writing to you because I was very disappointed with the show you have put on to attract people to come to your theatre.
First of all, I came to see the play just because my favourite actress should have been in it, but she wasn't.
The time of the evening performance on the ticket was 19.30 and actually it started at 20.15, which forced visitors to stay in one place for 45 minutes, a waste of time.
The ticket discounts were not available under any circumstances and the theatre restaurant was closed.
I strongly recommend you to pay a minimum 50% of the full price that I paid.
Your faithful
I think that in 100 years from now, the clothes fashion will be totally different.
In my opinion the world itself will be different in temperature as a result of global warming, also people will become nicer, less this will take place, so the clothes will mainly be made from cotton with smooth colours like dark green or grey.
They will be comfortable clothes because the main point for any kind of clothing is to be comfortable.
Also there will be no leather or feathers used in making these clothes because by that time the animal population will have fallen and Green peace will be very strong, much stronger and more powerful than it is now.
So we can imagine the Future Fashion might be pleasant or unpleasant for different people.
The styles will be more or less the same as each other and everyone will be satisfied with them.
I am writing to reply to your letter and communicate my acceptance of the first prize in your Competition.
This summer, I am available in July because in August my family and I are going to go to Canada and in September I will go back to university.
If there is no chance to go to California in July, I could wait until next summer.
About accommodation, I would like to have a log cabin because last year I had an accident and my back was injured, so sleeping in a tent would be painful for me.
Due to my back injury, this year I could not train and play with my team, so I am not fit. It would be a good idea to be a referee.
Although swimming is so boring, it would be a good thing to help cure my back.
Could you please let me know where I will eat? If there will be a vegetarian menu? And how much is it?
And please could you give me some details about what the weather is like there and what type of clothes I will have to bring?
It was a hard month because my job was very hard. I worked 12 hours per day but always with fun people.
I'm writing this letter to complain about the musical show I saw during my stay in London.
If I feel like talking to a friend I just have to call him and wherever he is I will be able to get through to him.
I'm extremely happy because not only do I earn a lot of money but also I'm learning a lot.
I'd like to travel in July because I've got an examination at USP in Roo Cohelo in July.
And I'd like to stay in a log cabin because I can't bear sleeping in a tent. I hate that kind of accommodation.
I have recently received your letter saying that I have won the first prize in the competition.
It was very fortunate for me.
Please could you send me an itinerary of the trip?
I think that shopping can be both enjoyable and unenjoyable because sometimes the shops are full of people, especially at the weekends, which normally is the only appropriate time!
Danny Brook was meant to be the starring actor but he was not, another actor took his place.
In the advertisement you say that there is a discount available but there was not.
I think the next time you write an advertisement you should put in the right information.
I did not have a perfect evening with so many problems.
Yours faithfully
Does technology have a bad or a good effect?
In the 18th century, technology started to grow more and more and the 20th century was called the century of technology.
Technology helps people.
It informs people, hospitals use modern technology, and the computer helps staders and helps people do their job.
A lot of countries buy guns, for their defence they say, but they buy them to kill people.
Technology can't ever stop going forward, and so people always go forward but with the same effection of modern technology.
In the advertisement you promised a perfect evening out, but it wasn't.
It was very disappointing for me that the actor wasn't Danny Brook, as was promised in the advertisement.
So I want to ask for my money back, also I had to pay for but cancel the arranged taxi because of the wrong starting time in the advertisement.
But are they useful in every situation and everywhere?
My opinion is that modern technology can help you to save time.
But in your advertisement you wrote that people can visit the restaurant after the show.
If I search for something like a telephone number or an address I also look it up on the Internet.
Another important point for me is that things like listening to music or watching TV sound better and the pictures on TV are being improved, because the machines become better.
The third problem was that it was written that discounts were available, but when I got there it was not true.
For example, a car, which is used by everyone every day, changed my daily life in the sense that I don't need my dad or my mum to go ice-skating or to go to work. I can do it by myself and for me it is important not only because of technology, but because I can show that I am responsible.
In spite of the fact that the weather is bad, I play tennis.
In addition speaking activity includes everything for learning English such as listening, speaking, and grammar as well.
In other lessons, the teacher teaches lots of things which are grammar, English culture... etc.
I play the classical guitar and I also sing. I have been playing the classical guitar for three years.
I wonder if you could tell me about the weather and what kind of clothes I ought to bring with me.
It was very shameful for my mum.
You also mentioned the activities I'll be able to do.
Although I've been playing tennis for five years, I can't say I'm a very good player.
Firstly, the story takes place in South Africa, during the period of apartheid.
I think that you can't understand all the links between the events without reading the book more than once.
Moreover, once I was paying for the tickets, I found another thing out: there were no discounts available.
I had to go back to the hotel, because all the restaurants in the area were completely crowded.
Summing up, you might have realised that that wasn't "my perfect evening out" which you promised, so I would like you to give me the money I paid for the ticket back.
She works as a model, and she was advising him about what clothes, etc,... to buy for her.
I decided to go to a play at the theatre of which you're the manager to see "London's newest and best musical show."
The principal reason I'm writing to you at the moment is that I want my money back, because I felt so disappointed with the theatre and also with the play.
Before modern technologies arrived, you couldn't communicate as easily as we can do today.
You can communicate with people in places where you would never imagine going to because it would be too expensive.
But, if you don't like using the keyboard to say something or to communicate, you can use video conferencing, a system which lets you talk with other people simply with a microphone and speakers.
The modern technologies mean I am able to listen the music I've downloaded with the same quality as a CD, and if I buy a reproductor, I can carry this music everywhere.
Also computers and mobile phones have evolved thanks to modern technologies.
As far as accommodation is concerned, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable, and, therefore, I have never stayed in a tent.
To sum up, it is clear that not only should the film be about the subjects they study, but it should concern their sports activities as well.
On that date, I decided to spend one evening seeing a musical show as I was on holiday in London and was interested in the musical show.
I found the theatre rather noisy as I arrived very early to sit in the front row.
However, something wrong occurred again. The actor 'Danny brook', whom you advertised in the brochure, did not play a part in the show.
I am not satisfied with your show as it was completely different from the advertisement.
It's completely different!
Have you ever been to a fashion show named "New trend, New Millennium"? '
How can we go out wearing those clothes? '
On the other hand, some people refuse to wear that sort of clothes so they prefer to wear nothing.
In fact, unlike the perfect evening out that you promised in your advertisement, I had a very disappointing evening.
There were also the discounts which weren't available.
Can you imagine how exciting it is when we are in the dark and very quiet and we can hear the sound of the animals.
I have been doing a lot of them when I have had some free time and when I feel impressed with where I have been.
Finally I would like to ask you about I have to spent any money over there without my shopping and how the weather is over there in July because I will pack the clothes as useful.
It was brilliant.
You know, you have to very strongly when you have to do that because when people came in they couldn't wait to get to the front and they try to go through very quickly.
So you have to explain a lot of times to make people calm down and stand in a row.
Apart from that, here is the information that you asked me for:
-About the accommodation, as I read, you can offer me a log cabin or a tent.
That's so good when you have the money to enjoy it but, apart from that, there are many problems.
Also there is a big problem: the money.
Secondly, I would be very grateful if you could accommodate me in tents rather than log cabins.
From the list of activities in which I will have a chance to compete I have chosen basketball and swimming.
But, isn't it a kind of entertainment?
For example, imagine that you are a bride and you have to buy an appropriate outfit.
I am writing this letter to complain about the Circle Theatre.
Secondly discounts were not available.
What's more, the theatre restaurant was closed when the show finished, because the show started at 20:15.
It was not a perfect evening whatsoever.
Everything will be useful and convenient, even fashion.
The most important thing will be your figure, such as long legs or pear-shaped.
Traditional or Contemporary
In conclusion, the clothes will be more interesting than now for everybody.
I'm used to sleeping in a tent from my previous holidays and I always enjoyed it.
I actually enjoyed it working there and I wouldn't hesitate to work there again.
The activities listed in your letter all seemed to be interesting. I chose to play basketball (I play in a club, I am quite good) and to do photography (there must be beautiful pictures to take in California).
You asked me which accommodation I would prefer.
Moreover, the admission fee is free for students.
In addition to this you will be able to control all parts of the house by computer such as temperature or vacuum cleaning.
About the accommodation, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because I have a bad back and I think that sleeping in a tent could be not just uncomfortable but also painful for me.
Let us then ask: 'Is this activity always enjoyable?'
Far from the strength that doing a sport or even going to work requires, going shopping is something you can do either on your own or with all your family and it could not be easier; you only need a good pair of shoes and a wallet full of money.
However, this apparently quiet and relaxed activity can sometimes turn into a living hell; you may only be able to go shopping at the weekend and then, if you do go, you will find yourself in the middle of a huge crowd of people, unable to get to any product or even shop and feeling dizzy with the mixture of smells that come from the people.
On balance I would say that although it is true that shopping is not a difficult activity, it is also true that it is definitely not an enjoyable one.
I received your letter this morning and I was very surprised by it.
I am writing to you about your questions.
First, I can come there only in July because of my examination, I have to take it in June, and my new term will also start in September.
My main work was to take people to their seats because of a concert hall, which was the millennium dome.
I also sold a pamphlet of that concert, CD and T-shirts.
I told you before Elton John performed at that concert, so there were a lot of famous people.
She was absolutely beautiful.
I'm pleased to receive your letter and really happy that I won the first prize.
July is also good because the weather is warm and I could enjoy the time I will spend in the camp more.
I think I can handle it very well.
I've chosen Photography because I love to take pictures!
if I have to take any special equipment for the activities that I've chosen
Whether there is a phone, a fax or e-mail so I can be in touch with my family.
Yesterday was Valentine's day here in Portugal. In particular I had to spend it alone... again.
I'm writing to you to tell you about a pop concert that happened here in São Rafael.
Red Hot Chilli Peppers came here for a short time and they played at the "Chedicard Hall".
It was really cool because I did some backstage work.
I was everywhere.
I took lots of pictures, asked for autographs and I even gave them my cell phone number!
They promised me that they would call me someday, which I particularly doubt.
I hope you answer this letter as quickly as possible with lots of thing to tell me.
Dear Manager: I am Angela Ounis and I am writing to you because I went to see 'Over the Rainbow', London's newest and best musical show.
Also it was said that Discounts would be available, but I didn't receive any discount as you were cheating us. I know that you have a big responsibility but if you have told something to people, stick to it.
I have learned a lot with the Internet. It gives me the opportunity to know more about things I never knew about.
I hadn't thought about a restaurant to go to after the show, because if the advertisement had been right, there should have been a luxury restaurant where I could eat.
Yours sincerely
We are in the age of technological development, of that there can be no doubt.
First of all, we would like to say thank you very much for organising our tour around London and our programme, which is considered especially good for us because of the places we will visit.
Secondly, we saw last Saturday in the Oxfor News an advertisement about the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to know if it would be possible to include this show in our tour.
The show is going to take place in the General Exhibition Hall in London, Thursday the 14 of March, so it could be a good idea to see this show instead of going to the Science Museum.
We think that it could be a great opportunity because in one day we can see everything concerning fashionable clothes, new make-up and hairstyles.
In this letter you ask me for some further information for my convenience for this trip.
I received your letter, which says I won the first prize in your competition-two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I appreciate that and I thank you sincerely for having chosen me as a winner.
I accept and I want to inform you that I can travel only in July because I have booked my annual leave for that period.
I helped them to prepare the room for the bands and I decorated the place for the singers.
It took a long time to test the speakers and the microphones.
The audience was excited and I cannot describe my happiness.
I still have the sound of the music in my ears and the voices of the young people who were accompanying our songs.
I am writing to you to give you some required information.
As you can see, I have absolutely no experience in it.
During my stay I went to your theatre to see a musical show and unfortunately I had a very disappointing evening.
Lastly, about the ticket. The advertisment said 'Discounts Available' but no way, I had to pay the full £ 20.00 and the restaurant was closed because of rebuilding or something.
However, the point that I am trying to make is that you just ruined my holiday.
Your advertisement was unfair.
As you are a manager, you have responsibility for justifying this problem. and I have a right to get fair treatment as a customer.
But I say fashion is Artistic inspiration which is expressed by fabric and all sorts of material.
As I said before, fashion is somehow influenced by science and inspirations that we get from all sorts of environments.
These days we are very interested in space and the millennium and things and many designers have shown millennium looks recently.
I expect human beings will live on other planets and travel around under the sea.
I think people will wear those spacy- and cyber-looking clothes after a century.
Can you imagine you and your friends going on a picnic to the Moon with a silvery skirt with astronaut boots with fire coming out at the bottom of your boots?
It could be more fascinating.
Swimming is my favourite way of exercising and keeping fit.
THIRDLY, I WAS VERY EMBARRASSED TO DISCOVER THERE WERE NO DISCOUNTS AT THE ENTRANCE.
I always have a positive approach with all of the most recent inventions or any other kind of modern appliance.
Anyway, the thing that has changed my daily life most is the personal computer and, especially, the Internet.
Also, the times printed in your advertisement were 14.30 and 19:30.
In your advertisement, it said that discounts were available for the tickets.
I was rather thirsty and hungry after the show and your advertisement made a cup of tea and some cakes in your restaurant sound rather inviting.
It was not my 'perfect evening out', as your advertisement said it would be, and I would like some money back.
It's a natural reaction to be angry with somebody you don't trust for gossiping about you and bothering your personal thoughts.
But they don't consider the problems the rumours may cause the famous family or couple.
In conclusion, no matter what the journalist's aims are, famous people deserve to have their problems, their affairs, their private lives just as normal people do.
I saw your advertisement for your show at the circle theatre, over the rainbow.
Also it was written in the advertisement that some discounts were available, but there weren't any discounts.
First she said to her father, then to her mother and finally to her brother, that I was from another planet called Orion, that was a billion kilometres from Earth and then I was so ashamed because I have been her boyfriend since I came to Earth.
I would like to thank you for choosing me.
I am good at Basketball and tennis.
At university I attended tennis lessons for two years.
Finally I would like to ask you.
As I told you two months ago, I saw the advertisement in the newspaper.
Just before the concert I had to check that everyone was present.
The concert was brilliant.
It was terrible! We had a lot of problems from the beginning.
Everything was all right during the band's performance, but at the end some spectators came up on the stage and did some damage to the band's instruments.
As you can see, hardly anything went well, but the lights and the sound-for both of which I helped carry things-were appropriate for the concert.
Firstly, it was written in the advertisement that there would be stars and artists from around the world. I believe that it's difficult to arrange meetings with foreign stars but there were artists from only six countries and in my opinion there
That was excellent because it attracted people's attention.
regarding the accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin. I think that will be safer for all my things.
The stage was gigantic. The crowd could be all around.
I mean, it's still unbelievable. Can you imagine how like a dream it was to be shaking their hands.
Your advertisement was excellent and it gave me a lot of enthusiasm.
Then, I think it's interesting to answer the following question:
This little essay shows that I depend on technology and, moreover, because I'm in an electronic engineering school, I'm keen on technology.
I presume if the term becomes longer the festival will become better.
I can say the actions which are prohibited at school are no problem at home.
We think that it is a great opportunity because it is just once per year and it is free for students.
We stayed at my aunt's house which was in the centre of the village.
I looked outside and saw two men go into the house in front of mine.
The policeman came to take the burglar and thanked me for catching him.
The concerts and the dance show were incredible, except for the classical concert that was in too small a hall.
Secondly, the plays and films were very well organized despite the low numbers.
The art exhibition showed us a new lifestyle and society that was totally different from ours.
The talks by writers were very technical but they could be understood by all the people who were at the festival.
In conclusion, I was impressed by all the good organisation, the service and the cost of the weekend ticket for all events.
The price was excellent because there wasn't any time limit.
I hope that you organise this festival for all the coming years.
At school you aren't allowed to bring in connected mobile phones although there is more than one student that does.
Teachers will take it from you if it rings during school hours.
If you break one of these rules you could be expelled for a week, a month or for ever.
As well will have the responsibility of looking after my brother when they aren't at home.
In answer to your question, I wouldn't change anything because I think that these are the minimum rules that a teenager has to have to be responsible in the future.
I would be very grateful if you could give me some additional information.
When she finished the sound check, I went to meet her. I told her I was very happy to be there and to have helped at the concert, and I asked her for an autograph.
I am willing to show you the autograph and the photograph.
When I got to the theatre I asked for the discounts shown in your advertisement, but they were not available.
Despite this I was still excited about the show, but then I suddenly realised that Danny Brook was not performing, he had been replaced by an extremely disappointing actor.
I'm writing to you about our trip which you have organised.
Sincerely,
They need to be with their family in peace.
In fact on the stage appeared a completely different person.
But to make everything clear I'll start from the beginning.
Our parents were very pleased and happy we were so ambitious.
As a result we were grounded for all the holidays and all because of our almost perfect Pat.
And what better way to solve this than to give the festival an international character.
If you like fishing, you can try to collaborate with the local market or some shops, in order to sell them the fish you catch yourself.
I prefer to stay in a cabin because I have never been on holiday in a tent before, so I think it is more comfortable to sleep in a bed instead of outside in a tent.
The activities I would like to do during these two weeks are basketball and swimming.
I think I can play basketball well, because a few years ago I was a member of the school team.
Swimming is not my favourite sport but I prefer swimming to golf or tennis.
Please could you inform me what you mean when you say all the accommodation is paid for: is that including food and drinks, so that I know how much money I have to bring with me, and what kind of weather it is during this period of the year so that I know what kind of clothes I have to take.
I was the assistant of the person responsible for the clothes and make-up of the pop group. Really I was very nervous about that because it was my first time with such famous people, but I am very happy that all the things went very well. Kim, what I really particularly liked was when I was asked to do the make-up on my own. Really I was very nervous but at the same time very happy, but everything went well and everybody was very happy with my work.
Really I think you have to try to do the same thing next summer, I really enjoyed it.
You can't go outside in peace, and there is always a crowd of people who stand in front of your house waiting for you.
We have seen it in an advertisement and I would like to go to the show.
It is a great opportunity for us because the fashion is fascinating and free.
For example, we would be able to put off our visit to the science museums on Tuesday morning till Wednesday afternoon.
The fashion show starts at 10 o'clock and finishes at 7 o'clock.
Journalists follow famous people, such as politicians and film stars, in order to take photos and get information about them.
I think that it is very dangerous because the famous people cannot have a private life and consequently they may suffer from depression and sadness, which may lead them to suicide.
I think that the government have to protect them and their private life from the journalists, by punishing journalists.
I am writing to complain about the Musical 'Over the Rainbow', performed at the Circle theatre last week.
What was supposed to be a perfect evening out turned out to be a disappointing one instead.
If I want to know how a friend is, I just have to phone him; I can see how the world is getting on just by switching on the television, and I can cook in a few minutes using the Microwave oven.
In conclusion, I think that technology has two faces which affect my life as well as everybody else's life.
As far as accommodation is concerned, I would like to live in a tent at Camp California.
I prefer this type of accommodation because I am used to living in tents during my summer holidays.
Concerning the accommodation, I would prefer to sleep in a log cabin, because to sleep in a tent would remind me of the bad experience I had in Ireland because of the weather...
But so far I have only taken pictures on holiday and of some family celebrations.
Otherwise I had to keep walking until the train started.
I was sitting under a full-bloomed cherry blossom tree.
Their hobbies were listening to the radio, reading books or sitting on a chair without doing anything.
The performances were great, but some halls were too small to accommodate all the people who were there that day.
So, in the daytime, we can focus on our studies.
George was about to be lynched on account of his skin colour.
The place where I was hidden was overlooking the house where he was kept prisoner.
No one was guarding him.
One of the reasons that I have visited your arts festival was to see a lot of plays. In the future, I hope to be an actress and that's why I want to learn something from the professionals.
They want too much fromstudent and are unkind to them.
I'm writing to you to answer the letter in which, as you probably know, you congratulated me for having won first prize in your competition and tried to encourage me to travel to California and attend that camp.
I'm writing to you to tell you how much I enjoyed last Saturday.
It was such a beautiful night! Unforgettable.
I had always dreamt of being near "The Cranberies", but I had never thought that the dream could become reality.
During the afternoon, Tim and I spent the hours before the concert lying in the park next to the sports hall where the concert was to be held.
After a few minutes the dream happened: Kare-the guitarist-appeared over there.
Finally he said how grateful he was and allowed us to stay with them till the concert started.
As far as accommodation is concerned, I would prefer to sleep in a tent.
I have been travelling every summer since I was eighteen years of age and this type of accommodation is part of the ritual.
Thanking you in advance, I am looking forward to your prompt response to my questions.
I went as a volunteer in order to go for free.
The accommodation and the food were part of the contract... everything free.
I met lots of nice cool people, and what I most enjoyed was the crazy atmosphere of the whole thing.
The best thing was that I have learned how to take care of their expensive instruments and I have sung my favourite songs with them.
There are so many monuments in California and so I will remember this holiday with my photographs.
Finally I would like to ask you if I need any money, because you say all accommodation and travel costs are paid for.
He also gave me his address and telephone number if I need help from him in the future.
It continues to develop and always will be the most important thing in our life.
When I asked something about a "discount", your staff said that it was impossible.
Becouse my favourite actor appears in it.
We waited for the show to start for about one hour and forty-five minutes.
During the show, we didn't see Danny Brook, who is my favourite actor.
If Danny Brook does not appear, you have to say something about this to the people who are there in the theatre. This is your unforgivable mistake.
After the show, we were still angry. We wanted to eat something in your theatre restaurant.
Yours faithfully
Everything is easy now.
There wasn't any discount available for the tickets and I went to the theatre with my three cousins from Brazil.
faithfully,
With the introduction of the computer in our civilization we can access the Internet to communicate with our relatives and friends living abroad or far from us.
Besides this, the information goes faster than it used to now and it's available at the same time in every part of the world.
First of all, in your advertisement for the show you wrote that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were taking part in the show.
The people who were there to watch the show were very angry and they were shouting because they had to wait too long. And I absolutely agreed with them.
Also in the advertisement you wrote that discounts were available, but they weren't, and also that people could visit the theatre restaurant after the show to eat some thing or to have a drink.
So, the next day Pat went and told his sister Sally that her friends were organising a surprise party for her birthday.
When Sally heard that, she was very surprised and very excited.
But although she was acting like this she was very angry with her brother Pat, because he didn't keep the secret.
Suddenly they all shouted "Surprise!".
Sally, although she knew about it, seemed very surprised!
So her friends didn't realise that she knew about the party and they were very happy because they believed that the surprise party had been a success!
It was an unforgettable night!!!
I am writing to complain about the evening at the Circle Theatre presenting "Over the Rainbow".
Everybody will wear anything he/ she likes, choosing clothes from any century they wish without this being strange.
On the other hand, if human society changes to become stricter and more limited, there will be only 2 or 3 types of clothing, formed by the needs of society.
I'm very sorry to tell you that I had a very disappointing evening.
First, I got there at 7:00 pm, because the show was about to start at 7:30 pm, and I needed some time to buy the tickets. I bought two tickets for £ 20 and when I asked for a discount, they didn't give me one, then I was kept waiting for the show to start until 8:15 pm.
Later when the show finished, I planned to go to the restaurant and get some food, but it was closed, because it was being repaired.
I was in love with a friend's boyfriend and we were about to have an affair, but when I made the big mistake of telling my little and terrible secret to Pat, everything started going wrong. Katrin, my friend, and the one I was being bad to, was very upset with me, and she was right, but I really didn't know what to do. I was in love with Brett, but I loved my friend too.
Then I decide to talk to Katrin. I was very sorry for all I had done, so I apologised to her and promised her that this would never happen again.
Recently I decided to see Over The Rainbow, a very famous and well-known show.
Furthermore, I was shocked when one of the main actors came onto the stage.
He wasn't Danny Brook, one of the reasons for my choice of coming to see Over the Rainbow.
A century ago, when a farmer took the horses out of the stable and put the plough behind them, we've got the word "time".
I must say a few words about the new electrical cars which surely will have a central role to play, especially today when fuel is so expensive.
I am writing to you to complain about the differences between what the advertisement for the Circle theatre said about the musical show called '
Moreover, as I had read the advertisement carefully, I had planned to invite some friends to have dinner at the theatre's restaurant.
So, because of the things I have mentioned, I think I should be given some money back.
I look forward to receiving some information from you.
In addition to this, there is less communication between members of my family, because when we arrive home after an exhausting day racing against time, the only thing we want to do is lie on the sofa while watching television.
On the other hand, and in conclusion, I think that this development has made my life more comfortable living surrounded by lots of gadgets with different functions.
In the advertisement for the show you said that one of the stars was going to be Danny Brook, and to my surprise there was a different actor, and that really disappointed me.
Then the show was supposed to start at 19.30 hours but it started at 20:15, more than half an hour late.
I had read in the advertisement that there were some discounts available but there weren't.
And the theatre restaurant was being painted, so I could not go there.
As you may understand it was not a perfect night and I was not pleased with the show or even with the service.
Technology, are we prepared for these advances?
Technology improves our lives, we have high-tech equipment for cooking, for work, for study, well nearly for everything.
And when we understood the Internet, we thought that meeting people from other countries and being able "to chat" with them was the height of technology.
But now we can even see the face of the person we are chatting to. The Internet is amazing.
And now of course there will be someone trying to improve it.
Technology changes our daily life, it makes our life easy to live and of course more comfortable with computers, televisions, radios et cetera and sometimes safer, as with medicine.
Definitely we should try to understand technology. If we know how to use it, technology will improve our way of life.
When I met Caballos, my best friend, I felt embarrassed and disappointed and I couldn't say anything.
It is as if they lose their conscience while they are shopping.
When you go shopping and there are a lot of people in the same place, all trying to find the best prices and not caring about anybody, this could drive anyone crazy.
The long queues, crowded places, high prices, sales, all these things combined could make shopping an enjoyable thing for people who like doing it.
So while I am at the Camp I want to take a lot of photographs and climb a mountain.
Shopping sounds very enjoyable and is fantastic for women. You can find a lot of interesting things which were unexpected.
They are also the lessons which English people and other foreigners are particularly curious about.
This is a good opportunity to see how they learn in class.
In conclusion, besides all that I mentioned, I highly recommend you video the students 'daily life and interview them.
In fact, now I can write to friends who live in foreign countries, for example, in the morning and receive their answer in the evening or even just a minute after writing.
Therefore I regard the Internet as quite a powerful tool and I believe it has given more strength to relationships between people.
I am really glad to receive the first prize in your competition. It will be very pleasant joining the holiday.
Regarding your first question, I would like to travel only in July because it is my school holiday so I would not miss any classes.
As regards activities I would choose singing and surfing. Surfing because it is my favourite sport. I have been surfing since I was a child so I am pretty good at it. And singing because I really love it. I am not as good at singing as I am at surfing but I like doing it.
I only had to stay behind the drummer supplying them with water whenever they wanted.
I had a really nice time with them even though I would've preferred to stay at the front with the other people,
I hope you've enjoyed my experience, and I hope to hear from you soon.
I received your letter and would be glad to spend two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. but I will only be able to goin July because in June I will be in Austria with a friend and for August I have rented an apartment with my family.
You can come across a very disagreeable shop assistant and if you find what you wanted, you will not want to pay him or her for it.
There is nothing more disagreeable than that.
Further to the unpleasant event that took place last week, it is my right to complain about the musical show I saw when I was in London.
The show was supposed to start at 19:30 and it did not start until 8:15. Then I felt disappointed because the main actor had been changed.
If that does not seem enough, after the show my boyfriend wanted to take me to eat something in the theatre's restaurant but the unpleasant surprise was that it was closed because all the waiters were on holiday.
I'm always having holidays in July. It is my favourite time for holidays.
Just the necessary.
I think the people who enjoy shopping are greedy for materialistic things and they haven't any interests in the spirit (?), in the intellectual life.
We must do something to help other people to feel better and be useful.
It was very interesting, because I did different things.
I took some photographs and I'll show them to you when you come next week
Dear director of the Circle Theatre!
On Friday we, my friend and I, visited your theatre to see 'Over the rainbow'.
It should have been my best evening that week, unfortunately it wasn't.
Instead of 7.30 am as your advertisement said, it started at 8.15 am.
When the show started Danny Brook was not acting, which was a great disappointment for us both.
We are both big fans of his
When the show was finished we went to the restaurant to have something to eat.
But then it was closed for repairs.
Because of all this trouble I think we should have our money back.
And next time, make sure that your advertisement is accurate!
When were nine years old and were in third grade we had a 'House' where we used to play all afternoon.
In fact it wasn't a real house, it was some stones between the trees in the little forest near our house.
It was a secret place and we had promised each other not to tell anybody about it.
Usually we were cooking flower soup, and swapping secrets.
One day when I was there alone, I heard some other kids approaching. I sat down behind one of the stones so they couldn't see me.
One minute later, Pat and half our class stood in 'the House' looking and laughing at me and my flower soup.
Maybe she did it to make friends.
I don't want to be rude, but this is not professional at all.
Lastly I would like to inform you that I wanted to have dinner at your restaurant but they told me it was closed because it usually closes at 11:00 o'clock,
So I am asking you: why do you advertise it if is not going to be available to the audience?
First, I am very disappointed about the star.
I'M WRITING TO YOU TO DESCRIBE MY DISAGREEABLE EXPERIENCE IN YOUR THEATRE LAST SATURDAY, AT YOUR SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW".
BUT WHAT I CANNOT FORGIVE YOUR COMPANY IS CHANGING THE TIME IT STARTS AT THE LAST MINUTE, MY HUSBAND IS A DANNY BROOK 'S FAN AND HE FELT REALLY DISAPPOINTED.
WHEN THE SHOW WAS FINISHED, WE WANTED TO GO TO DINNER, AS YOU SUGGESTED IN THE PROGRAMME, BUT THE RESTAURANT WAS CLOSED BECAUSE IT WAS ON PUBLIC WORKS!!!
Definitely the worse.
I would be grateful if you could consider our suggestion and please inform us of your decision as soon as possible.
There are people from both sides of the argument who have strong feelings.
Both of them are my favourite sports and I'm quite good.
You asked me for some further information and here are my "desires":
I stood at the entrance and there I had to check the tickets.
Famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time.
Famous people have always been the centre of interest for a number of people.
This show would give us a lot of information about current activities, fashion and what is happening here in London with, for example, the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, make-up, and hairstyles.
If you agree, after the Science Museum, we can have lunch at a restaurant near the museum, then we can go directly from the restaurant to the Central Exhibition Hall.
It doesn't matter who they are, where they come from, what colour skin they have.
There will be a number of Developments in Technology in the future, which could make our life easier to live but what should remain the same is the feeling of being together and love.
Therefore, I hope that you can agree to a suitable arrangement between you and me.
I started training in 1996, and I have never given it up.
There are more and more retailers opening.
I couldn't believe my luck. I was really sure that I won a return ticket to the Mediterranean Sea.
Thirdly, the person on stage was very strange to me, because I expected to see "Danny Brook", but I didn't.
Although modern technology gives you many comfortable things for living, can it give you nature, peace and fresh air?
Let me express how disappointed I feel at this particular moment, or I should say angry, better sad. I would never have expected that I could be so deceived.
This is not the first time I have been to your theatre and I have to tell you I have enjoyed many other plays, but be sure "Over the rainbow" will be the last one.
As I am specially fond of musicals, I even travel abroad to see what's new, I am probably one of your most devoted customers. I know this word is not the best but you have demonstrated that the theatre can be just as cold as any other business.
Of course, you should give a refund for the money spent, not only to me but to all the audience.
New fabrics create new textures, all kinds of accessories are added to create new versions, to refresh old ideas, to make new proposals that will last, as always, just a few weeks.
Have you noticed that all the classic gentlemen wear the same type of suit?
And what about those kinds of intellectual and progressive people, don't they all wear the same type of ugly but comfortable shoes?
I am sure that fashion will survive for ages, it will even change to become easier to use and cleaner, because we all need to feel a part of our society, communicate our way of living and thinking, be part of a group and, at the same time, be different.
-When the musical finished I was terribly hungry so I decided to have something to eat but the restaurant was closed and the advertisement said that it would be open.
Modern technology has changed my life in many different ways:
To summarize, the modern technologies give you and allow you to do many things which would be impossible in the past but also creates many problems.
As I was so looking forward to seeing Danny's performance, I was very disappointed.
It is a very good schedule, especially because you have considered different activities for us.
Personally, I think it could be a great opportunity because it is something we all want to attend, and we are all interested in the latest fashion.
We discussed the programme, and because the show will take the whole day, we would not mind going to the Science Museum on Wednesday instead of having free time all afternoon.
I didn't even think of looking down.
The clock was running.. tick, tock... And suddenly everything stopped.
I felt an enormous peace.
Fortunately, I wasn't alone.
Thank you for the effort which you have made to organize this three-day programme in London and I am sure that we will have a great time there, especially in the National Art Gallery.
The thing is that we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show.
Furthermore, students can enter free!
Thank you for your attention and understanding.
Perhaps, there will be personal computers which will control everything, every item of furniture, light, temperature.
But, on the other hand, people will still have to programme them, as they have to do nowadays.
All the rubbish, dust, dirty dishes, plates, cups will be washed automatically.
IT 'S UNDENIABLE THAT DURING THIS CENTURY OUR WORLD HAS BEEN CHANGING.
IN CONCLUSION, I REALLY BELIEVE THAT OUR DAILY LIFE IS VERY DIFFERENT TO WHAT IT WAS IN THE LAST CENTURY AND EVEN IN THE BEGINNING OF THIS CENTURY.
During these past few decades, or rather in the 20th century, there has been a great deal of development in modern technology.
One of the essential developments has been in our means of transportation.
Another significant technological development is the invention of electrical appliances.
Modern technology helps people in many ways and is indispensable.
When the show finished I was intending to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed.
I was expecting a lovely and perfect evening out but it was the most disappointing experience I have ever had.
When I wake up I take a shower using electricity then I prepare my breakfast in the oven then I go to school by bus, when I arrive at home I put my lunch in the microwave then I watch TV and do my homework using a pen. When I come back from jiu-jitsu I eat something that was cooked in the oven then I go to bed.
About a millennium ago everything was different; people didn't have electricity, they cooked their food on the fire and they didn't have pens.
Regarding the two activities I have to choose, I decided to choose a new activity that I have never done before, which is Sailing. I am a total beginner at this.
The other activity is Photography. I am not an expert, but I know how to use a camera. All I want is to improve my knowledge.
I helped them with organizing the stage, cleaning everything, fixing what was broken and they even let me play with their guitars!
I had put some money aside for that month, thinking about the discount, but when I went to buy them they said that discounts were not available.
Waiting for your reply.
When she finished school, she went to study at the Agent Training Agency where she learnt about guns, clues, agencies, etc.
She was sent to New York to discover how some people from the government gave money to the merchants because they wanted to build a Trade Centre there.
Here is some further information about myself and a few enquiries.
It is really fascinating to challenge the waves.
As for accommodation, I would prefer log cabins, because I believe they are more comfortable than tents.
Will I be given any pocket-money or do I need to bring my own money to cover additional expenses?
Martial arts are really exciting and are a great thing to film.
The main character is the old man who has to fight against the sea to stay alive.
They're fighting for the same reason with the same strength, the man has to kill a brother, as he calls the fish.
On account of the fact that staying in log cabins is much more interesting than staying in tents.
I can sing plenty of songs, which include English songs and the Japanese songs, and I have a part-time job singing at a restaurant.
Furthermore, I am going to enter a competition next year.
Shopping is not always enjoyable. Sometimes there is a long queue or a machine is broken.
A lot of circumstances will arise.
Everybody had gone to buy lunch in the supermarket. In fact, nobody likes crowds and queues, especially not in the summertime.
Obviously, I had to try another aisle.
It was the longest queue I have ever been in.
Even though I think most of the time it is very interesting, sometimes it gets people upset.
Finally, the reasonable price of the tickets for the weekend was a good point, because all kinds of people can afford to buy them. I also think that you should have a snack bar or a little restaurant so that the people are not too hungry and moreover you can make a lot of profit.
In conclusion, I don't want to change anything in my house or at school, because I totally agree with the few rules that I have.
I have chosen the two following activities.
I have chosen sailing because I would like to try a new sport. I love water but I have never tried this sport before.
Yours sincerely.
People are often irritable and aggressive.
Because women love shopping and you have to follow them everywhere and always give your opinion about clothes, music, perfumes...
yours sincerely
The things I did were: preparing and checking the equipment, I had to clean all the stadium, making sure that all the lights were in perfect working order, that the singers were comfortable and relaxed, etc.
It would be a great pleasure to spend two weeks at Camp California and I can't find any suitable words to express my enthusiasm.
With regards accommodation I would prefer log cabins, as they are more comfortable and I like convenience.
They are ready to sacrifice all their savings to get something that will make their neighbour jealous.
So, as a conclusion, I might say that shopping isn't enjoyable at all and I'd rather stay at home instead.
After the show I needed to drink something in the theatre restaurant as the advertisement conceived, but it was closed.
When Pat first came into a class or a group of teenagers there were no problems.
Insofar as I came here especially to see him play, I have been very disappointed, and this could be the understatement of the year, as he is my favourite actor.
Thirdly, the ad mentioned possible discounts.
Personally speaking, I didn't see them and didn't even hear of them: I asked about it, but nobody seemed to know anything concerning discounts.
As he closed his eyes, he started to travel along the dark paths of his conscience.
The boy could not believe what he was hearing.
At these words, Paul suddenly awoke.
The show was called "Over the rainbow" and should be, to quote the advertisement, London's newest and best musical show.
I was very pleased that the main actors listed on the advertisement were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
Furthermore you had mentioned some discounts in your advertisement, but I had to pay the full price although I am a student.
The perfect evening you promised in your advertisement was the complete opposite and that is why I want to get some money back from you.
First of all, I was attracted by the actors-Danny Brooks and Tina Truelove-and not by the actors who performed effectively that evening.
These actors appeared forty-five minutes late according to what is written in your advertisement.
And in conclusion I want you to give me my money back, (I still have the advertisement if you want proof of what I say).
As regards accommodation, I would choose to stay in tents.
I don't know much about the weather down there, in California, so I am rather puzzled about what to wear there.
Also, I would like to know how much money I will need and which expenses I will have to cover myself.
All these exhibits are really important and exciting for us because, nowadays, fashion has a huge influence on our lifestyle and we would like to know more about it.
We think that we could go there on the 14th of March, in the evening, instead of going shopping.
Nowadays, there are a lot of people who live only on the money they get from advertisements, reports about their last romance... but not everyone does the same thing.
On the other hand, there are the ones that are also respectable but, apart from their relations with journalists because of their work, they really need to be constantly sought by photographers.
The media moves the world and famous people use it to improve their work, politicians for their campaigns and film stars to make their latest movie famous.
In conclusion, I believe that shopping is not always enjoyable if you accidentally get into a bad situation or you cannot control your expenditure carefully.
In your letter you ask me to choose which type of accommodation I prefer.
Hopefully I will meet some other girls interested in the same sport.
Woods is thought to stand for all white people and this book could have an influence on them.
Secondly, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin, because I am allergic to some insects that might get in a tent.
I spent two weeks preparing the stage, speakers, backdrop, microphones, everything, with all the staff, and every night the artists came to rehearse their show. I could see how they really improved, and how nice they were with the staff.
I am writing this letter because I had a week in London last month and I decided to see your show called "Over the rainbow" with my wife and children. We were disappointed because your advertisement was a misleading one.
But cars create pollution: for example the greenhouse effect.
Technology allows us to improve our knowledge in the sciences like medicine so as to cure more illnesses or to make people live longer.
In my opinion it's a lot better than the dictionary because it's faster and you really find what you need.
I am writing to you about an enjure that I had at your last musical at the Circle Theatre.
First of all, I was surprised that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove did not perform.
I read in your advertisement in Friday's edition of the Times that the show should start at 19.30 but the performance started at 20.15.
I was waiting 45 minutes for nothing!
I am a student and I didn't get a discount ticket.
I don't understand the problem between your advertisement and the reality.
For example, if I don't have time to do my shopping after school because I have to do my homework, I go on the Internet and ask for what I need.
From my point of view, the Internet is the most important invention of the 2000 century. You can book tickets for the theatre, sport, etc.
I use the Internet all the time for my homework and in the future, I hope, I will be able to use it for my own work.
Technology will not stop growing and helping people in the future.
It wasn't the first time I saw this show in your theatre, but it was the worst one.
At first it was a great pleasure for me to get a ticket because I'm one of Danny Brook's greatest fans.
It's not that problem that there was no more discount available-but I had chosen it, because I'm (allowed?).
When the musical started at 20:15 (not at 19:30 as advertised) I was really shocked when I realised that a different actor was playing his role.
You have to know that I am very sick because of my blood pressure and so I was laying down the whole weekend.
For me, as a scientist, it's a big problem to show how the innovations of the last century went up with the environment and nature.
Nowadays a simple thing like a computer includes so many possible ways of destroying different environmental compartments.
On the one hand there are the materials from which the PCs are made, on the other hand is the huge waste problem.
Now I try to show, in my daily work, how the airborn chlororganics, which are degased from plastics, will be separated and damaged by green plants.
Sometimes it seems to me like a joke if I think about all the dangerous materials I need to do my job.
Therefore it makes sense to use the innovations which are causing environmental destruction.
When I was 15, I was starting to look for new clothes, shoes, and everything I would find now unnecessary.
I would not dare to calculate how much I have spent on those things without thinking.
However, it was not bad. My mum always told me that I hadn't earned enough money so I shouldn't have spent it in the wrong way.
I have never been to the USA, so I think that this trip will be an unforgettable experience.
I look forward to receiving your reply.
For practical information, this show starts at 10.00 and closes at 19.00.
It is not too far and the opening hours suit us.
We also suggest visiting the Science Museum on Wednesday morning and in the afternoon, if some of us are interested, we could see the National Art Gallery.
They will become less dark and more comfortable than today.
These improvements will be involved by the lack of petrol and non-renewable energy.
About the size of houses, I think that in cities houses will be more and more small because of overpopulation.
But about the differences between the homes of the rich and poor, they will be the same in the future.
I think that people will be as alone and jealous as today.
As if this were not enough, once the show ended I had to walk twenty blocks to find a Restaurant since the theatre Restaurant was closed for maintenance.
After reading the whole organized programme, we all agreed about the sightseeing tour by bus around London, which will give us the knowledge of this fantastic city we have all wanted to have since a long time ago.
We found the advertisement in a local newspaper and have been thinking it could be such a good opportunity, because the show consists of these topics:
Instead of going to the science museum, we could go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show, which is open on Tuesday, March 14, from 10am to 7pm.
Yours sincerely
Not only because she's famous and wrote lots of books, but she knows how to introduce characters and how to tell a good story us though deceiving the readers.
In other words the story is set on a train which takes a trip along the orient.
On the train, all the passengers seem to be involved in a crime.
This is such a fascinating story and it's the way Agatha Christie tells it.
The mystery is drawn out until the last page of the book.
I like Danny Brook very much, and his unexpected absence caused me great sadness.
It's all right, but I also think that he's exaggerating.
I don't think I have done such a bad thing as to destroy our friendship.
I like his company, and we are happy when we are together.
I AM WRITING IN ORDER TO EXPRESS MY DISAPPOINTMENT AT THE SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW", PERFORMED 2 WEEKS AGO; FIRST OF ALL, I READ IN THE ADVERTISEMENT THAT DANNY BROOK WAS TO ACT IN THE SHOW, BUT THE ACTOR THAT REALLY PLAYED WAS A DIFFERENT ONE, AND THIS WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING.
I THINK THAT FASHION IN THE FUTURE WILL DEVELOP ALONG VERY DIFFERENT LINES: THERE MAY BE A RETURN TO THE FASHION OF THE PAST, AS WE CAN NOTICE NOW, OR A MORE FANTASTIC AND TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENT.
SURELY, ORDINARY PEOPLE WILL NOT FOLLOW ONLY THE MODELS PRESENTED ON TV. AS REGARDS EVERYDAY LIFE, I THINK THAT IN THE FUTURE ATTENTION WILL BE FOCUSED ON COMFORT MORE THAN ON ELEGANCE.
BUT IF IT IS DIFFICULT TO FORECAST THE DEVELOPMENTS OF THE FASHION WORLD, IT IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO FORECAST THOSE OF THE COMMON PEOPLE, THAT IS A TOO VARIED A CATEGORY.
One of my hobbies is photography, so I think I am rather good at it, but I will take painting to learn, because I am not very talented at it.
After carrying stuff like lights, microphones, wires and some other equipment for about three hours, I was exhausted.
It's a great opportunity for me to participate in your Camp California because normally I work a lot and I can't spend money on travel. Moreover, I have to support a big family because I'm married and I have three children.
I have to choose painting and photography therefore. I would prefer surfing or climbing but I have to think of my health.
I'm very enthusiastic and I wait for your answer as soon is possible.
FIRST OF ALL, IN YOUR ADVERTISEMENT YOU SAID THAT DISCOUNTS WERE AVAILABLE, BUT I COULDN'T FIND THEM AVAILABLE ANYWHERE.
THE PLAY STARTED AT QUARTER PAST EIGHT: FORTY-FIVE MINUTES LATE.
MY ADDRESS IS IN THE ENVELOPE. I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU IN THE VERY NEAR FUTURE.
I like to sleep in a tent under the open sky since I have done military service, therefore I would prefer a tent as my accommodation.
It is important for my health that I swim an hour a week because I am overweight.
When I have enough money the price isn't important, then I can buy a lot of things without considering my money.
Finally, I am going to write about the theatre, the Circle Theatre.
I'm looking forward to receiving a letter from you.
The rooms will be designed in a futuristic fashion, where there will be less furniture and everything will be compact. Even TV-sets will be on the ceiling.
Technology also means all electrical machines, which don't stop being developed.
Machines have replaced the work of humans.
Our whole life is being simplified by machines for not waste the time to work on their development.
Here I will answer all the questions that you asked me, and I will ask you about other things that you didn't mention.
I'd like to organize my trip for July because that is when I have vacations, also because it is summertime in the U.S.A. About accommodation at Camp I'd prefer a tent, because it's a new experience for me and I'd like to sleep in a tent to have a great time while having a new adventure.
Thank you very much for your cooperation.
Most of the time when we go to the shopping centre we have a lot of fun. We go to stores to look at clothing, we also eat something like ice cream or French Fries, but is not enjoyable all the time.
In that instance we don't enjoy shopping because we can't find what we are looking for and we have a bad time in the shopping centre.
I was absolutely thrilled to receive the news about my winning a competition.
I don't like cold nights and mosquitoes.
Yours faithfully
Usually people don't have time for shopping.
There are huge queues to the tills, noise, hassle, poor customer service.
You've got more stress, you feel fed up and finally when you get home you think that shopping is not as enjoyable as you thought.
There are so many varieties of products, different prices, different qualities.
Nowadays technical progress gets close to us, to normal customers.
Without any hassle, sitting in your chair in front of your computer, in a second you can get to any shop that has an internet site-most of the big companies have one-get all the information about the product, get a cheaper price and buy it.
I know that staying in a log cabin is more convenient but I just want to have a wilder experience.
And I want to know how much money I have to bring for personal expenses.
Besides, I really would like to know approximately how much money I should take with me.
Concerning the activities, I have chosen two of them.
It was boring that nothing happened for such a long time on the stage.
And finally, I would have had my dinner after this disappointing musical and thought I would go to 'Theatre restaurant'.
This is not a taboo subject with me and my friends.
I had doubts when somebody said that the fashion of the future would be different.
Are they included in the prize?
I'd prefer it if you gave me this information as soon as you can.
However, those days were unforgettable for me.
I will be very happy to travel in July because in that month I am going to have my holidays, so I will not have to ask permission from my boss.
I would prefer to stay in a tent, because in that way I can feel closer to nature, and I can remember when I was a girl scout.
At the camp I would like to choose two activities, Painting and Singing. I love painting. At university I studied art for two years, but now I don't have much time to paint because I work in a bank and I have a baby.
The reason for my choice of singing is that I feel embarrassed about my voice, so maybe I could improve it.
Thank you for giving me this opportunity.
You are never going to believe what I did last month. I was walking with my sister in Oxford circus, when suddenly a man stopped us saying that he was looking for people to help at a concert and they were going to pay us five pounds an hour.
We said yes immediately. I nearly shouted with happiness when they told us that Luis Miguel was giving the concert. He is my favourite singer.
The concert was on a Sunday and we had to work at the back of the stage, doing all sorts of things like collecting rubbish and helping other people who were working there.
Other bad points can be mentioned, like pollution for example.
I am writing to you to complain about the musical show, where everything was completely different from the advertisement.
Modern life has been full of science and technology.
I am very pleased that I was born in a time when there is such good technology but my parents didn't have the same luck.
My life is much easier with all this stuff mentioned above-technology and science.
The bad side is we can use technology for war-missiles, weapons, etc....
Indeed technology has changed our lives, we have become more sceptical and cold.
Sometimes I think technology is not a good thing....
People whom I work with are going on holiday in June and August.
Also, the accommodation I would prefer at Camp California is the log cabin, because first when I was a little child we stayed in a small house every holiday and I like that.
However, drawing some beautiful scenery and taking some pictures would be a very good experience for me.
I'm not keen on liars, Mr Smith, and I think that you've lied to naive tourists like us: some brilliant actors were supposed to play the parts and we only had different, pitiful ones.
Otherwise I'll have to put some other ads out in London saying that your show is just a fraud!
Nowadays, the Internet and the mobile phone, with the development of satellite communication, seem to take the lead.
As far as I am concerned, the first way modern technology influences me is through my work: the Internet has become such an incredible tool, I can research into everything I want, find information for lectures, for example, or exercises.
Maybe it will change me into a kind of self-centred person, a loner.
But we should not forget that they are only tools and should emphasise human relationships.
Finally, I'd like to play tennis and to try climbing.
This book remains one of the best in American literature.
Based on a very simple story, the story of an old man fishing, it is a deep reflection on age.
A veteran fisherman takes his boat and goes fishing to convince himself and other men that he is still able to do it.
The 24-hour fight is described in such a peaceful, faithful way that it callas a though about life and death.
I recommend this book as a way to discover both Hemingway and American literature.
Before answering your letter (which I have just received) about the prize for the competition I recently won, I'd like to say thank you very much for giving me the chance of going to the USA.
About the accommodation, I think I would prefer to be in a log cabin instead of a tent, since it is more comfortable.
In addition to this, I would like to know the amount of money I should bring, as well as the kind of clothes that I could need and the sort of people that I will find there.
None of the groups are known at the moment, but I believe they are well on their way to becoming famous bands.
This was the best part because when everyone was gone, Billy Joel arrived to give his support to the beginners!!!
I couldn't believe my eyes...
Jane took a photograph of us together.
Lastly, I do not think I would call this my perfect evening, so I would like to ask for a refund, and I hope as the Manager of London's newest theatre, you will handle the situation favourably.
Even though Pat has got a great sense of humour and wonderful personality, he'll never be able to keep any secrets from anyone, even himself.
Although, we are great friends, sometimes people can make such stupid mistakes, and so there was one time when Pat and I had a fight. It all started when once I accidentally took the wrong bag back to my house, and there were lady's knickers inside. I was so nervous and embarrassed, so I told Pat and off he went: he told every single student in the school that I'd stolen a girl's knickers, and everyone started to call me a pervert.
When I was a young child, I used to be interested in reading science fiction.
First I can travel only in July because I will finish school at the end of June and I will sit my exam in September; so I have to revise for it a lot during the month of August.
I particularly liked seeing all those people, and I met a lot of new friends there.
I would like to travel only in July because I would be on school holidays then and the weather is hot and the sea's temperature is less cold than in winter.
It is very nice to stay in tents which are strong and comfortable.
And you need a strategy to win the match.
But you can't play if there is too much wind, because the ball becomes uncontrollable!
It looks fragile and it could break easily.
It has always been my dream to go there and to be able to see that beautiful country.
It will be very interesting for me because normally I do not have a lot of time to do activities.
I would prefer swimming because I really like it and I am trying to swim whenever I have got some time, and painting because I have finished a painting course and I have some practice with this.
That is very nice that all costs are paid for but I would like to ask you how much money I should take with me because I do not know anything about prizes in the U.S.A. and please tell me if I need anything to paint because it would be difficult to take it with me, so if I will need to take everything I will just change this activity.
It was a really wonderful new experience for me.
The people were wonderful, they were helping each other with everything and it was a lot easier to do.
I am writing to you, because I would like to disagree with your advertisement for the show 'over the Rainbow'.
As it is said in the advertisement the show starts at 19.30 but I had to stay outside for 45 minutes, because according to the programme it started at 20.15, but that is not the end of the story; in your advertisement it is clearly said that you have discounts available on tickets. That was not true!
I was still not very disappointed, because I hoped that I would have a good meal with a glass of wine in the restaurant, which I could have according to your advertisement, but what I did not realise, it was closed, because the chef was in hospital.
Such as a mobile phone that helps me to communicate with anyone in the world, even if I am not at home; I use a stereo if I want to listen to my favourite music; I use tapes, CDs, hairdryers, etc.
Many years ago people didn't have an opportunity to use all these things and they had to work a lot.
This is just a note to confirm for you that I have received your letter.
To answer your questions, I would like to tell you that I can only travel in July, because I will be studying for the Cambridge exam till 1 July.
Would it be possible to have accommodation at Camp California in a tent, because I haven't had a chance to sleep in one.
And would it be possible to do swimming and surfing.
I have been dreaming about this activity since I was 10 years old.
I would like to know how many people will stay with me in the tent, and do I have to take with me any special clothes for surfing.
I look forward to being at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I think going shopping in a big space like Harrodss is not a pleasure.
I like to be in small boutiques, and I would rather go shopping along and during the weekend.
And going shopping after the weekend is not for me.
I would like to travel in July because I am a student so I only have holidays in this part of the year.
About the accommodation, I would like to stay in a log cabin because I am used to staying in them when I travel.
Sometimes, shopping can be really boring, especially on important dates when the shops are absolutely crowded and you can't see anything you wanted with careful.
I received your letter this morning. Thank you very much for your kind letter and for choosing me.
I have knowledge of navigation, engine, ropes and knots, and sails as well.
It was a nightmare, there were pickpockets in the shop.
But you must always be on your guard against pickpockets.
I am only able to take my holiday in July. The rest of the year I work.
I'm crazy about tennis and swimming.
Can you imagine Friday night?
You have worked hard all day. On the way home you want to pick up some milk from the shop and you have to wait ten minutes on average.
There are a lot of options and items to make our choice difficult.
After shopping you have to carry a heavy bag a long way home
But the situation wasn't simple, so Hill decided to discuss it with Mary, the teacher's cousin.
I would be grateful if you could put me into the tent side of accommodation because I have had all my holidays with my parents in luxury hotels.
Pat entered the fight, and it became more loud and aggressive.
I went to London to see this musical but I was absolutely disappointed by the show.
It was about 21:00, I thought it was a bit later but it wasn't my fault anyway.
100 years ago, people dressed differently.
The environment will be very polluted and finally we'll get diseases. We will need helmets to cover our heads and we will also need air-supplyer.
Maybe, science will be developed and make our environment clean, and we will not wear anything at all!!! (except underwear).
I hope that the environment will be better than now in the future and our fashion will be changed but nobody knows how it will be.
The advertisement promised there would be my favourite star, Danny Brook, but there was another actor who could not play his part as well as Danny Brook. In addition, the performance started 45 minutes late, so we couldn't visit your theatre restaurant after the show because it was closed already.
So I am sure you will understand why I am so annoyed and frustrated with the whole incident.
Two days before, her best friend Maria told her that her parents were going to divorce. Maria was so upset that she couldn't keep it to herself.
They could not believe their eyes.
Maria had bought his favourite food and she threw it into the bin.
She went to school, but she could not follow the lessons as easily as she used to.
Moreover, the theatre restaurant was closed for maintenance.
In addition, I can go to Britain by plane to see her.
When I received your letter, I could not believe it.
Unfortunately, I will only be able to goin July because the restaurant where I am working will be closed for that month.
I am in doubt as to what kind of clothes I have to bring with me.
I had the best experience in my life.
Can you guess who they chose for the job, "me", yes, me, I couldn't believe it.
My job basically was to, before and after the actuation, make everything ready.
To be honest the most exciting part of all this was getting to know the group.
Yours Sincerely,
First of all I helped with the decoration of the place where the concert would take place.
I am writing to you to "help" you with your festival next year. Last year wasn't very good so maybe we can make it more attractive this year.
First, I think we should rent bigger halls so that we can make a better sound and give more space for the audience!
We can invite stars and artists from around the world who will play and presentspresent all kinds of music like jazz, rock, classical etc.
Afterwards we could let people talk with the artists so they could get to know them personally.
If you want to hear more of my suggestions and opinions about it please contact me on my cellphone.
Yours sincerely
First of all, it depends what kind of school it is:
Polish students have to study a lot with books and they have fewer practical lessons, and sometimes it's hard to get books or other things needed for studying.
School is supposed to be our second home but it's not. We work hard and at the end of our education we still have nothing.
I would make schools less stressful, with added fun 'cause that way it's easier to learn and I would give students more chances to share their fantasies at school.
Maybe the Polish system is not bad, but it's comfortable too.
I know that this letter will not change anything but you can see how complicated a Polish student's life is.
I'm not sure about the weather in California in the daytime and in the nighttime.
Thank you very much for your offer.
From my point of view, your organisation has to be careful to organise an activity.
It was unpleasant for me to see different actors on the stage.
In the advertisement that I received, it was written that the show would start at 19:30 but I kept waiting for it to start for half an hour.
I am writing to you about my complaints about the musical show at your theatre that I watched a week ago, during my stay in London.
Another problem was the male actor who starred: the well-known and talented actor mentioned in the advertisement was replaced by another one, who was really very disappointing and after the performance, I visited the theatre restaurant, which was supposed to be open and available for meals after the show, but it was closed.
I appreciated this big news.
I am very keen on photography so I definitely will choose this as one of my activities at the camp.
I have got some experience already and I'm used to any weather conditions, furthermore I simply love water sports and their challenges.
My tasks were very specific.
Its name is "Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie", and I really was impressed with the coherence of the stories.
It's stimulating to read them.
I'm sure that if you listen to it you will start reading the book immediately, and find out there are many challenges in your new career.
We are waiting for your decision and we will accept it whatever it may be.
The clearest example is to compare a house from the beginning of the 20th century with our houses. Both are very similar but now we have new technologies.
I am writing this letter to inform you that I have received your letters and I am going on the trip.
Every night I would like to go out of the small tent into the nice environment outside the tent.
I was a bit disappointed with the result because I was expected to win the first prize or second prize.
At first I was surprised but a few seconds later, when I realised that I wasn't allowed to go, I tried to persuade my teacher to let me go.
I had to keep things in place and check that the microphones were working properly.
I was really embarrassed because I had to dance in front of a lot of people but that was the very best experience I have ever had.
Tell me yours. I want to know what experiences you had when you were in England.
I would be grateful if you could include this show in your programme.
This is a great opportunity for me to explore and experience London myself, especially The London fashion and leisure shows.
Most of the shows are about fashionable things for students my age.
I think it is a good event and suitable for all of us because there are many different kinds of show, for instance latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, how to put on make-up and how to have appropriate hairstyles.
In my opinion, I think you should have this event in the afternoon instead of going shopping and move the shopping slot to the afternoon on Wednesday.
I trust you to pay immediate attention to my suggestions.
I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and jumped out of the tower.
There were hundreds of Thai students waiting to take this test.
I was very afraid of the height and was very nervous.
I was given the list of activities while I was taking part in the adventure school schemes at the soldier camps in the north of Thailand.
The last task I had to do was jump out of the high tower.
I eventually managed to complete all the tasks that I had been given and I was very proud of this.
Surprisingly the show started at 20:15.
Of course I accepted immediately.
After school Larry and I went to the cinema, but at the entrance there was a beautiful girl waiting for us.
When we arrived at the shopping centre, I saw a lot of people.
The task was not easy, at 18 you don't know too much about cryptographic algorithms and databases but anyway we decided to do it. There was nothing to lose.
Both of us went to the NASA university and nowadays we work for the CIA developing secure systems and new encryption algorithms.
You shouldn't go shopping when the shops are so busy because it's so annoying.
You don't have to be a genius to notice that technology has evolved so considerably during the last few decades that our everyday life has changed.
I'd prefer to take a tent because it is more romantic and exciting to spend nights in a tent. And with the tent I can go to another place in the camp.
And I like painting because I like to paint nature, sea, mountains.
I want to know some information about it.
I'm really looking forward to your answers. And I hope to see you soon.
Yours sincerely Gubin.
I abolutely agree with this.
Because I have my own experience of shopping.
For example, recently I was shopping at the market, which is located in the centre of our town.
When I was there I saw a very beautiful T-shirt.
I was upset about it.
Our government is very bureaucratic.
Our ministers are really criminal. They often break the law, stealing money.
Because of it our state can't pay workers in schools, hospitals, on building sites. In our country there is a high number of unemployed.
Often people can't buy a piece of bread. And they ask for money from other people.
I wish that my accommodation at Camp California it must be in a tent.
Anyway I enjoyed it so much.
I haven't been to a concert before so the atmosphere was really good.
Do you remember the computer course that we took together. It was very useful to classify each person at the concert.
I congratulate you because that's perfect.
The advertisement for the musical said that it was going to be Danny Brook. Unfortunately there was someone else-an actor who I do not like and if I had known that he was going to be there I would not have gone to see him.
In fact, modern technology was already very popular and commonly used when I was born, so I cannot say that it changed my life suddenly.
All these products of science are with me from the very beginning of my day.
On the other hand, I am aware of all the disadvantages of modern technology; pollution and the dangers it brings.
But I think it has more advantages than disadvantages and it is O.K. I am really glad that I am a child of my century-the age of modern science.
I am writing to answer your invitation which I have received as a first prize winner.
There are also many kinds of take-away restaurants, where I can taste my favourite foods.
But there is always a lot of traffic at all times, and the air is so polluted that I can't even breathe.
I always feel very tired after the shopping because of unfriendly people who are too busy.
What is more, admission for students is free.
However, we have got a suggestion: we saw an advertisement for "the London Fashion and Leisure Show" which is going to be on Tuesday March 14 from 10:00 to 19:00.
I was pleased to receive your letter recently.
Now I'm going to give you some information you asked about.
I'm sorry to say this, but the only time I will be able to take this trip is in July, according to our team's schedule.
The next thing-I would prefer to spend all the nights in a tent, so I can move it to the place that will suit me best. I like to wake up with a view of mountains, which reminds me of my 5 years 'experience of climbing.
So, is it possible? I would like to continue doing my favourite hobbies in the Camp.
Otherwise, you will either not find what you are looking for, or you will, and spend the rest of the day in a bad mood, because of the bad manners of sales people, who do not give you advice every time you ask for it.
To summarise everything, I would recommend spending less time indoors, shopping during the weekdays.
You wrote 'discounts available' but they didn't offer any discount.
But it was unpleasant because of these things.
Owing to all of them, I can live very comfortably.
In your letter you wrote that I will have the chance to do two activities; first of all I would like to play tennis because I have been playing for seven years. Secondly I would like to attend a surfing course but I have just some elementary knowledge.
It will be interesting to show how the lessons are organized, showing that we are never doing just one activity during the class.
After that we have to make sure that we explain about the relationship between teachers and students, showing the times that we have been out together.
Finally we should give some information also about our tourism, business and computer courses.
Secondly, I would prefer to stay in a tent because I enjoy being outside close to nature.
Sometimes the bad characters in a story are more interesting than the good ones.
Its title was: "The Mystery of Hunter's Lodge".
The character whom I liked most was that of Mrs. Havering, the mistress.
It was very exciting because she could play two people at the same time: herself and the housekeeper.
First of all I would like to say that it started later than it should have. I had to wait for about forty-five minutes.
Then I realized that Danny Brook did not appear in the show, which was very diappointing for me because I like this actor very much, and I think that I was not the only one who was upset.
Yours sincerely,
They are very useful things which sometimes are necessary to survive.
I watch about four hours of TV a day. I even eat my meals in front of the TV. We can see PEOPLE 'S LIFE in other countries, which is very interesting for me and my friends.
Also the Internet has an influence on my daily life, because I can find there many interesting things, or I can meet with people from all over the world, which is exciting for me.
I think that life without modern technology would be simple and boring. That's why I am using it in my daily life. I am happy that there is such a thing as modern technology.
Finally the day to pay my credit card arrived and where was my money?
All the students are happy that we will have the opportunity to visit London for three days.
In the morning, we will have the chance to see some of the sights of London by bus, for example, the Science Museum or the National Art Gallery.
The reason I write to you is that we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show, for a few days.
The show is free for students and we can see the show instead of having free time on Wednesday in the afternoon.
Nowadays, with the help of the media, famous people, like politicians or filmstars, play an important role in our community.
Who got married, who got divorced or who has experienced a remarkable change in his complexion, these are questions that most journalists are interested in.
There were some problems that were not displayed in the advertisement.
In the advertisement it was clearly written that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play the main roles.
The advertisement said that the show would start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15.
The advertisement said that they would be available but they were not.
It was written in the advertisement that I could visit your theatre restaurant after the show, but unfortunately it was closed.
We build big cities, there is hot and cold water, electricity, gas in practically every home.
Many different incurable diseases have appeared.
I'm writing with reference to your letter. I was really thrilled, when I found out that I won first prize in your competition. I always dreamed about going to California and now my dreams are coming true.
I've always wanted to learn to sing professionally, but I've never had an opportunity.
When she tried to answer me, one small child took her picture with a flash.
Truly, my work here wasn't very important, but I really enjoyed it.
I'm writing this letter giving some opinions about the three days that the class will spend in London.
So I'm writing this letter, asking if you can change the programme.
There is a great opportunity to go there because students need not pay anything.
Our first challenge was stealing Dick's girlfriend's panties, but we failed.
Nick and Dick could prove their bravery stealing their mother's panties.
"It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it", to prove my bravery to everyone.
I USUALLY SWIM THREE TIMES A WEEK IN ORDER TO MAINTAIN A BACK TREATMENT WHICH MY DOCTOR HAS RECOMMENDED ME TO FOLLOW.
SO, IF POSSIBLE, I WAS INTERESTED IN THE POSSIBILITY OF CONTINUING MY ROUTINE THERE.
LASTLY, I WOULD LIKE YOU TO TELL ME IF I HAVE TO BRING SOME MONEY WITH ME TO BUY FOOD OR DRINKS AND HOW THE CLIMATE OF THE CAMPING AREA IS SO I CAN PACK MY LUGGAGE, BRINGING ONLY THE APPROPRIATE CLOTHES.
THIS BOOK CONTAINED NINE STORIES WHICH WERE WRITTEN BY WELL-KNOWN WRITERS LIKE RAY BRADBURY.
BUT THE MAIN PURPOSE OF THE BOOK IS TO ALLOW YOU TO FLY WITH YOUR IMAGINATION AND TO HAVE A GLIMPSE OF HOW LIFE IS GOING TO BE IN THE FUTURE, WHEN, PERHAPS THE WORLD WILL BE RULED BY MACHINES.
SO, IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A "REALLY SPLENDID SCIENCE FICTION BOOK" I WILL RECOMMEND YOU TO READ "A WINDOW.." AND I'M SURE THAT WHEN YOU FINISH READING IT YOU WILL WANT TO READ IT AGAIN, AND AGAIN...!
I would like to ask whether you have competitions or different activities.
Do you recommend me to take only summer clothes or some winter clothes as well?
I worked until midnight every day.
It was very enjoyable. I made lots of friends. We were together all day, painting the walls, cleaning and putting up some balloons and other stuff everywhere.
Famous people must understand that the journalists are doing their job.
Second, regarding accommodation, I'd like to stay in a log cabin.
I also want to know if I should take any money, or if all the expenses are paid by you.
That makes those people frustrated and they don't enjoy themselves.
Regarding accommodation in tents or log cabins, I would enjoy much more being in a tent as I believe that is the right type of accommodation for going camping.
Men tease women for being shopping addicts and for having shopping as their favourite pastime.
Everyone enjoys wearing nice new clothes. However, do we really like the process of choosing them?
I'm writing to you to give my opinion of that great festival you organised last 21 and 22 of November.
The festival was very well organised with a lot of alternatives like concerts and dance shows.
In my opinion the hall for the rock concerts was too small. You have to consider booking a bigger one for next year because these kinds of events are attended by a lot of young people.
At school it is completely different because the teachers don't forgive you anything.
I wouldn't like to change anything because we all need some discipline to do the right things.
At first my favourite actor Danny Brook didn't perform, without any explanations being given, and the show should have started at 19:30 instead of 20:15!!
I was sure that discounts were available because I had read that they were, but at the ticket office they didn't offer them.
All this story was a secret but Pat revealed it to his mother.
I am writing to you because I am really disappointed about "Over the Rainbow" which I saw the other day during my stay in London which your company organized.
I explained to you every detail about what happened at the musical show and I want you to refund my money and send me an apology for what happened there.
Yours faithfully
If we create guns to protect our homes, others will use them to burgle our homes, and take advantage of the defenceless people.
Because I have had experience of staying in a tent and I like it very much.
In my opinion tennis is the best sport I have ever played.
I have just finished a professional photography course and I would like to continue my education in this activity.
I was shocked because I had already spoken with them and I had got two autographs.
Another part of my experience at the pop concert when we meet each other.
First of all, the actors mentioned in the advertisement were not those who performed in the show.
Plus, it is mentioned in your advertisement that discounts are available. In fact, no discount was given to me, though I am a student and as a student I was entitled to get a discount but I paid £ 20 because the cashier had never heard about any discounts for this show.
As a student, the low priced ticket certainly attracted me a lot and gave me the opportunity to see and hear wonderful artists.
Finally, I would like to make one big suggestion: you should find a place for a campsite so that people who come a long way don't have to spend money on accommodation.
Furthermore, department stores are always looking for students who would like to work.
The London Fashion and Leisure Show is an amazing show because there are parades with the latest fashions. We could see some famous top models. Also there will be a variety of clothes either sports wear as elegant designs.
I realised that my bag was outside and I went out to look for it, when a shower of stones covered the entrance of the hole.
I walked alone a long distance until I found a telephone. I called the police and they ask for a rescue.
When we finished at our primary school we went to the same secondary school too, but we were in different classes.
And when we finished at the secondary school, I decided go to a foreign University.
In my opinion, the clothes will be more colourful, fun and comfortable.
People will prefer to wear comfortable clothes, even to go to the office.
Actually, I think that the clothes will be really simple in 100 years and I hope to be alive until then.
However, when I saw it, I was really disappointed and I must ask you for some money back.
First of all, Danny Brook was not there. I was very upset because he is my favourite singer and that was one of the reasons why I wanted to see this show.
On the development, they also said that there would be a discount for students who are between eighteen and twenty-five years old but that was totally wrong because I paid the full price, which was £ 20.
I am writing in order to complain about the musical show "Over the rainbow".
Regarding the times of the performance, the show was supposed to start at 19.30 and it started at 20.15. Nobody likes to wait 45 minutes just watching empty scenery.
I was waiting for 45 minutes.
You can send a letter to your friend by e-mail instead of writing it on a piece of paper and sending it by post.
After that "show" we were starving and we had planned to eat in your theatre restaurant but what a surprise!
Let's take the mobile phone.
Nowadays everybody has got a phone which is "mobile".
I'm writing this letter to complain about your fake advertisement.
First of all, in your show advertisement it says that Danny Brooks stars in the play.
In the evenings before I go to bed I sit in the living room and watch TV via satellite.
When I go to bed, because there are many mosquitoes, I turn on a special machine with a battery-like thing in it which kills them.
I believe that modern technology has positively affected our lives.
In order to fulfil their readers 'requirements they constantly follow them.
On the other hand, famous people have a point if they do not allow the paparazzi to take their pictures, because although they are famous they also have their private life.
Your programme is very good, especially as we can go to visit the Science Museum, which I heard is very good, but a visit to the London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a good opportunity for us to see the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, make-up and hairstyles and it is free for students too.
I climbed up the tree.
It was badly hurt. My friend rushed to me, then ran back to my house and called Mum.
Mum came in, looking very angry. I prayed for a short conversation.
I want to complain about your advertisement for the production 'Over the Rainbow'; I had a very disappointing evening.
Yesterday when I arrived at college, I saw Pat standing with Peter and a lot of other boys and they were looking strangely at me and laughing.
People started to write things on the board and to point at me.
It is a great failing of responsibility for a theatre like yours to have a delay like this one.
Finally, the restaurant where I would have liked to have dinner with friends after the show was closed, contrary to what was announced in the advertisement.
I'm writing to answer your questions but, first of all, to thank you for the prize.
I would like to travel in July because it is the school holiday here in Portugal and I will have the entire month to travel, so I have no preference for which weeks.
I'm looking forward to receiving your letter.
I have to say that I am really disappointed with your advertisement because you mentioned some points that are not true.
Secondly, another problem was the starting time. According to your advertisement, the play starts at 19.30 but instead it started at 20:15, this is almost an hour's delay.
The simplest example of modern high technology is the introduction of the computer-better known as the PC.
Research has shown that almost every single household owns a PC. Some people use them for their job because they need it, but others, like children, use it just for fun.
Other examples that may not look like huge technological miracles are the TV, the microwave, the video, the satellite dish, the CD player and hundreds of others.
All these play an important role in our daily life without us ever understanding them.
Those things can and do make our lives easier and more comfortable, but they take us away from our friends, our families and moreover they lead us to madness and cut off any relationship with everything that surrounds us and keeps us alive.
I think that is going to be more comfortable for me due to the fact that I am very sensitive to changes of temperature and I can't take the risk of catching a cold because, as you know, I'm going to start to work.
How are you? I'm fine and I am writing to you because I know that you want to know about my experience at a pop concert; I have to tell you that I did help there and it was very hard work. You can't imagine all the work that goes into preparing a concert.
I am writing to you to complain about the last Saturday evening performance at your theatre.
Finally, I want to know what the weather is like in California in July.
The teacher uses video and pictures to teach students about festivals, sports, museums, etc.
Basketball is the most popular activity, which takes place between 4:30 pm-6:30 pm from Monday to Friday every week.
I have received your letter and I am so glad I have won the first prize.
I have been playing tennis for 2 years and I won the Under 16's U.S open tournament last summer.
I'm writing to complain about your theatre and its show last night.
Firstly I would like to say that I was very disappointed with the show and that I didn't have the perfect evening out, as advertised.
The main character of the musical show, who I'd like to say wasn't the "BEST", was awful.
And then, when I arrived at the theatre, I expected to have a discount but unfortunately I didn't.
On top of all this, the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef and the waiters were on holiday.
I was very disappointed, what else can I say.
It was supposed to be my perfect evening out.
In conclusion, I'd like to recommend that you should first know what you have to offer and then advertise it.
Yours sincerely
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I shouldn't have told her that my dad had psychological problems.
All these years I believed that my father was killed in a car accident.
When one day Pat came over to my house, we started arguing about ordinary things and during our fight the subject of my father and his problems suddenly came up.
Pat started shouting and screaming, saying what was really going on.
Also with weekend shopping, you can't find somewhere to sit down comfortably to have a cup of tea.
According to your advertisement, it stars DANNY BROOK and TINA TRUELOVE, but surprisingly, was performed by a different actor of whom I didn't even know the name.
Nowadays, we use a lot of modern technology both at home and in the office but it has its advantages and disadvantages.
The first and most important thing is that modern technology has made our life easier, for instance the rice cooker is a great invention, all you have to do is put rice in it and switch it on, it makes cooking more efficient.
Furthermore, we use the computer and telephone a lot.
Mankind became more and more clever and built wonderful things thanks to his thoughts and his hands.
Although there are new machines etc, medicine makes many discoveries thanks to research into different diseases in order to make the population live longer.
I have won the first prize! I am extremely happy about this.
I can only take a holiday in July because I am going to start a new education at the beginning of August.
Staying in a tent will remind me of an unforgettable time.
Given the circumstances, I would like to learn more about photography and painting.
Is it possible to pay by credit card or should I take travellers 'cheques?
I applied for a job at the ticket office because I hoped to see a lot of different people.
I had to prepare the ingredients for every meal.
That meant I had to read the recipes very carefully.
I am writing to you to complain about the show "Over the Rainbow" at your theatre "The Circle Theatre".
I am deeply disappointed with the service and the unreliable information at your theatre.
I am very disappointed by this.
You also mention that your show would start at 19.30 but to my knowledge it started at 20:15 and that meant forty-five minutes of waiting.
It also mentioned other services would be available to the audience.
For Example there were no discounts available and the theatre restaurant was closed after the show, when it was meant to be open after the show according to the advertisement but it was closed due to the delay with the performance.
And I would like a refund. You have wasted my evening and money.
Synthetics have been created by scientists.
Clothes are now mass-produced and designed by designers.
Designers are unique in a way but their designs are sometimes more a piece of art and not for everyday purposes.
It is hard to imagine what people will wear in 100 years 'time, because since the 1900s clothes have reduce into smaller item and more practical.
Maybe it would continue reducing in 100 years to come.
Scientists might discover a new way to make clothes more fixalde.
It would provide you with a new type of material to cover your body and you could choose what you want to wear by pressing buttons.
This would be very easy to manage but it would mean no more shopping for girls.
It would be scary to live in the new 100 years, but it would be interesting to see what will happen.
The next thing is that I would prefer a log cabin.
I was responsible for the advertisements and I also had to invite the "important people" from our government.
It was really a new job for me, but I think I did well.
There were two other problems: there were no discounts, contrary to the information in the advertisement, and the theatre restaurant was closed because of the repair work.
However, she definitely deserved to have a private life as a citizen.
Thank you for your letter and for having informed me about the results of the competition. I also want to congratulate you on your excellent competition, thanks to which I have the opportunity to go to California, a place that I always wanted to go to.
About the trip, I think it would be preferable to do it in July, which is a holiday period and so I won't have any special obligations.
Spending a lot of time in the same place in my opinion is the worst thing to do, especially during a holiday!
Any little tournaments of this kind would be great.
Moreover instead of buying a ticket I went there for free, as a helper.
The pop concert was excellent and I had a lot of fun.
I AM WRITING IN ORDER TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE SHOW THAT YOUR THEATRE PUT ON.
I WENT TO YOUR THEATRE WITH THE IDEA OF HAVING A GREAT TIME. UNFORTUNATELY, THINGS WENT VERY WRONG.
SECONDLY, THE SHOW WAS SUPPOSED TO START AT HALF PAST SEVEN IN THE AFTERNOON, BUT IT STARTED AT QUARTER PAST EIGHT,
THAT IS FORTY-FIVE MINUTES LATER! IT IS ALSO ADVERTISED THAT THERE WERE DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE. HOWEVER, THAT WAS ANOTHER LIE.
LASTLY, AFTER THAT AWFUL EXPERIENCE I TRIED TO VISIT YOUR THEATRE RESTAURANT, OF COURSE, I COULDN'T DO IT BECAUSE IT WAS CLOSED.
UNFORTUNATELY, PAT WASN'T VERY GOOD AT KEEPING SECRETS AND I DISCOVERED THAT TOO LATE.
THE CONCERT WAS PLANNED FOR THE FOLLOWING FRIDAY, WHICH WAS THE DAY AFTER MY TEACHER GAVE ME MY MARKS.
Dear Mr. manager of The Circle Theatre:
Could you, if we may ask, reorganise our visit to the museum and also to the shopping centre.
Perhaps we could spend our free time at the museum before going to the shopping centre.
Whatever you do, journalists should not follow you every second.
The problem is that most of the advertisement was misleading.
But the main reason for my complaint, is that in the advertisement it was said it would be my perfect evening out, and it was not.
And the best thing is that it entertains me alone or with people.
I have just received your letter and I thank you for your invitation and congratulations.
As regards accommodation, I prefer a longer, Canadian tent in a quiet place because I am fond of nature and I would like to feel free in an informal setting.
I like competitive and challenging sports. I enjoy comparing my skill with other players and, if possible, I would rather not do indoor sports activities, but open air ones.
I have given a questionnaire to other students in my class to know their preferences regarding this choice and we all believe that the first lesson that should be filmed is philosophy.
The reason is that all students are interested in it and the teacher is so good at explaining problems that the whole class takes part in discussions about specific aspects of the subject.
Also the sports activities should be filmed; they express an aggregative and social way of living school life and can be useful to show the movements of the bodies during the school athletics events.
The dancing lessons should also be filmed, especially because of the fascinating beauty of the girls and the elegance of their movements.
We were interested in seeing the actors that appeared on the tickets and I was very disappointed when, in the show, we saw other actors.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
I have just received your letter and I'm very happy because of it, especially because the competition was so hard.
Being at Camp California was one of the dreams of my life and now I can realise it.
However, about accommodation, I'd prefer a log cabin, because it is more comfortable than a tent.
Firstly, I was very embarrassed during the concert, but all the staff were very kind to me and Tom too.
THE HISTORY OF THE HUMAN RACE IS THE HISTORY OF WORLD CONQUEST. THAT SAID, TECHNOLOGY HAS ADVANCED CONTINUOUSLY SINCE THE BEGINNING OF MAN 'S EVOLUTION. FURTHERMORE, DURING THE LAST TWO CENTURIES, THERE HAS BEEN AN ENORMOUS TECHNOLOGICAL EXPLOSION. WHILE THE XIX CENTURY GAVE US THE STEAM ENGINE, FACTORIES AND THE ELECTRIC LIGHT BULB, THIS CENTURY HAS GIVEN US NUCLEAR ENERGY (AND SADLY ATOMIC WEAPONS), THE COMPUTER, THE INTERNET AND TELEVISION.
I'd like to tell you that the best month for me to travel to the U.S.A. is July because I will be on holiday in that month.
I don't really worry about the accommodation at Camp California, but if I can tell you which one I prefer I'll choose to stay in a tent.
The concert was in a massive club and the tickets were sold out. Marvellous!
Two days before I read an advertisement for this show, which said that Danny Brook was starring.
Apart from that, the show started at 20:15, not at 19:30, as it said in the advertisement and the theatre restaurant was closed when the show finished.
When I went to my bedroom I realised that Pat had told my mother about the party, because no one else knew that my mother did not know that.
I am writing in order to complain about the musical show, the name of which is Over the Rainbow, which I saw in your theatre recently.
It was a pity but it did not annoy me because I thought that the musical was good enough to pay £ 20 for.
After the show I decided to go to have a coffee and to smoke a cigarette to try to calm myself and suddenly I could see that the restaurant was closed because it was the barman's day off.
I am very indignant because I wasted my time and it was a horrible evening so I would like you to return my money and take note of all these problems.
Maybe it would be a nice idea to analyse these changes and to put limits on technology, because I think that the most important thing is to understand our life and know the ways we can improve it.
Firstly, the show did not start on time but forty-five minutes late.
This actor was not nearly as brilliant as Danny Brook and I would not have paid so much money if I had known this before.
The worst thing of all was that at the beginning of the show I realized that the actors were totally different from the ones advertised.
They were worse than the previous actors.
They believe that people in the future will wear comfortable clothes because they will be outgoing, amusing, etc.
And people will wear cybernetic clothes but at the same time comfortable clothes.
I received your letter recently, and I am really happy to learn that I have won the first prize.
About the accommodation during those two weeks, I would rather stay in a log cabin, as it is really difficult for me to stay in a little close room.
I had an induction climbing course two years ago, and I still climb regularly. I can do a V+ level climb.
Going out to spend a day shopping is something very popular. The shopping centres are always busy, with people going up and down carrying bags and looking in shop windows; it seems everybody is happy.
To sum up, shopping is not always enjoyable, but don't worry, the shopping centre is still there waiting for you!
I can only travel in July because this is the month when I have holidays.
I've already talked to my manager, and she said that that's the only month I can have my holidays.
I've been playing tennis since I was seven, and I've been studying how to play tennis for a very long time, nine years.
You know how good I am at music Anyway I was helping at this pop concert to get the correct sounds. At the beginning I was connecting all these wires into speakers, music system, guitars etc... The bit that I particularly liked about the experience was when I was standing next to the singers and playing a guitar-you know how much I love playing guitar-and all these video cameras were just filming us.
I asked one of the cameramen when they're going to show this show on tv, and he told me they're going to show it on the 10 of June, so turn on your tv on this date, channel three, and you will see me there playing this guitar. AH, it was lovely.
What I realised was they were not different from any of us but they were called celebrities.
I particularly liked listening to their musicians when they played the piano, clarinet, drums, violin etc.
Pat promised not to speak to anyone about the car, but one evening Philip overhead her speaking about this with her boyfriend: "It will be delivered on Thursday!
Furthermore, the show started at 20:15 while the advertisement said that it was going to begin at 19:30.
I am very surprised that such a reputable theatre like yours has been able to break all the promises that were made in the advertisement.
Of course, what was going to be a perfect evening out turned into a very disappointing evening, and I would be very grateful if you could refund me the price of my ticket.
Scientists will invent new materials that will keep the body's temperature in a suitable range.
For that reason clothes will be simpler and more practical.
Of course, the resources used and the manufacturing will be completely harmless for the environment because people will be more aware of the necessity of taking care of the world we live in.
And it's all the more tiring since you often wait for two weeks before getting it.
I think that this tendency will not change but what will change is life.
With regard to your International Arts Festival advertisement, I would like to share with you the pleasure I had to be part of the event and make some suggestions for next year's festival that you might take into consideration.
In your advertisement you mentioned that there would be artists and stars coming from all around the world, unfortunately I found out only six countries were represented.
The night he came into this world was one of grater for the inhabitants of the country and also of the town where he was born, it was an ordinary night.
To begin with, according to your advertisement, discount tickets are available.
The tickets were rather expensive, and the discounts mentioned in the advertisement weren't at all available at the theatre.
Pat was my friend, I trusted her and we got on very well until she repeated to everyone the secret I had told her.
Regarding accommodation I'd prefer to sleep in a tent because I like being outside and hearing the noises of the sea.
a maths lesson, an English lesson, a swimming lesson, the break and the staff room.
-We could show the activities of the students during the break. For example, students who play football or volleyball.
We could find out what this room is like and what the teachers doin this mysterious room.
I can be closer to nature and I have never used tents before.
My parents were very proud of me.
My hands were trembling but I did it very well.
I'd like to say something that I felt during the festival, and give my opinions that would be helpful for you to prepare for the next festival.
People believe that the bird was sent from heaven.
So I am going to ask for a refund... I hope this isn't offending you too much...
When it comes down to colour, I think it'll be much brighter and maybe glittery.
Colours to match the clothes.
First of all, I would like to thank you for doing such a good job organising the competition which I luckily won. I have been really very impressed.
In fact I will finish my university exams only on the first of July and after the 20th it is impossible because I am going to do four weeks 'voluntary work in India for UNICEF.
If it is possible I would prefer to stay in a log cabin, because, in spite of my love for nature, I am terribly allergic to pollen.
Thank you very much for your attention on my behalf
Why have so many people been infected by this "psychological virus"?
We are always trying to have more things, which lead us to neglect our family, our future, and other things which are probably more important than a new perfume.
Maybe you think I am exaggerating but recent studies prove that this mania can be really dangerous.
Certainly only the fact of having something can help people to be more sure of themselves.
Probably when Oscar Wilde said: "Superficiality is the supreme vice" he was right.
You cannot imagine our disappointment when we realised that the show had been postponed to 20.15 instead of 19.30 and that the restaurant was closed because of repair work; as a matter of fact, after the show we only ate a hamburger in a fast-food restaurant.
She was so angry and felt so betrayed by Mr White that without any hesitation she went to the school Headmaster to report everything she had seen.
I have just received the letter, which lets me know that I have won the first prize.
This is because I intend to take an examination in September.
And recently, I have been practising tennis as a school activity.
The reason I enjoyed it very much is that I could meet the vocalist during setting chairs just before they started practising.
Can you send me a letter back writing what happened to you recently?
Finally, what kind of weather is waiting for us?
Surprisingly, there were no discounts.
She just remembered it ought to be a secret, and she became really embarrassed.
I swim really well and I am a professional basketball player.
It all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favourite band.
I am writing to you about the show.
The woman who sold me a ticket was very rude to me, actually she started swearing at me.
They were just playing and, by accident, Peter shot him.
He promised to keep it secret. The next morning we had an argument with Pat. The 3 of us were shouting at each other. In short, Pat left us.
Secondly, I am interested in trying something that I have never done, so I would like to do sailing.
First of all I have to say that the whole festival was a great success and I also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet.
Nearly at the end of this letter I have to say that the idea of the weekend ticket was really good because it gave the people the opportunity to attend for a whole weekend for a cheap price.
I am writing with regard to your advertisement.
It was my favourite musical.
I was very hopeful that I was going to have a good time.
The worst thing is that I couldn't see my favourite actor.
I was so disappointed about that.
I couldn't concentrate on the play any more.
In contrast to the advertisement everything was disappointing.
These days we can use a computer, television and some sophisticated equipment, which were unusual once.
Children play with computers instead of the usual toys.
There has been a change in the relationships between people.
We have noticed the environmental damage in recent years.
I think this festival is a great idea because it's an opportunity to see and to appreciate art, but I also think there are some things that could be changed.
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries instead that from around the world.
This choice doesn't give many artists the opportunity to express themselves.
I hope that my opinion can help you to organize for next year a great international arts festival alone to young people.
I am writing to complain about a musical show on the 10th of June, and I was very disappointed.
I was promised that the star was Danny Brock but when I was there I saw another star that was completely different from your brochure.
According to your brochure, the show would start at 19.30 p.m. but it started at 20.15 p.m. I wanted to sleep and it was very annoying.
I was promised that after the show I could go to the theatre restaurant but due to the show starting late it also finished late, therefore, when I went to the restaurant they were definitely closed.
I have a really good friend, Pat who I trusted and counted on.
One day, I fell in love with my closest friend.
We were studying in the same class at school and he also knew Pat as well.
Personally, I wanted to keep it secret because I was afraid that we might split up.
And I would like to make sure that he really loved me.
My boyfriend told me that he wanted to surprise his friend in his class when the time came.
One day I decided to tell my best friend-Pat, who I relied on.
I told her everything about my boyfriend and when we met each other and eventually fell in love.
On Monday morning, I walked into the class and all of my friends were shouting at me and calling my name and my boyfriend.
I was very embarrassed and I wanted to run out of the class.
I received your letter and I am very excited about the camp.
I would like to goin July, I don't mind which two weeks, but it has to be that month because in June I am still in school and in August I am going on holiday with my family.
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I think it's different from where I sleep every night so I would appreciate it if there are still tents available.
Here is where the good part starts, I was doing the curtains (opening and closing) when Nick came up to me and asked me to go on stage with him. My heart started beating very hard.
DANNY BROOK is one of my favourite actors so I decided to buy a ticket even though I had to cancel my appointment on that day at 18.30 and also notice of price discount impressed me.
However, when I got to the theatre, you not only didn't have any discounts but also had to apologize to us for the delay in starting the musical.
In addition a different actor appeared on the stage and I couldn't have dinner after the musical because the restaurant was closed.
It made me so disappointed and angry.
You should return my money immediately because that night was far from perfect.
When all the money had gone from a bank, nobody was there except Pat.
Then the police realized who the bank robbers were and arrested them.
I'm writing to answer the questions that you sent me in the last letter, so referring to the question of when I would like to travel, I would like to go anytime during July, because I have to be back home in August, because I need to apply and get everything sorted out, to go to college next September.
And referring to the question about which type of accommodation I prefer, I choose a log cabin, because I think that a tent is messier, so I would appreciate it if you give me a cabin.
And my answer to the question about which activities I would like to choose, well I choose swimming, because it is my daily exercise, and surfing.
And well, Mrs Helen, I would really appreciate it if you sent me back a letter with all the answers to my questions.
Yours truly
Well here in Dublin things are still the same, but I think somebody told you that I went to the Moby concert here at the Point, which is the big venue for events and concerts. I guess it was the best concert I've ever been to, but the coolest thing is that, well do you remember my friend Luke, the one that works as a security guard? Well he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage, so I went to help them and everything else, and when I got to the Point, do you know who was there?
Can you believe it, it was Moby. So I went to say hello to him, and he asked me, 'Would you give me a hand with my decks?' So I went, and when we finished he gave me a T-shirt and a gold pass to see the concert from the first row. Oh my God, Kim, that was the best thing that ever happened to me. Well Kim, I hope to receive a letter from you soon, and please tell everybody about the Moby concert and everything, thank you.
It is wonderful for me to have the opportunity to visit Camp California in the U.S.A.
I think this topic is so exciting from the anthropological and psychological point of view, because we can study the subject's reactions before, during and after shopping.
For men and women appearance is important and they spend a lot of money buying clothes, cosmetics, accessories, jewellery etc.
I think in the near future we need to decide with the government
which special place in the town will be left just as a commercial area, but of course with all the facilities to get there, like a big supermarket and mall centre, from different areas of the city.
IN ADDITION TO THIS, I DID NOT HAVE ANY DISCOUNT ON MY TICKET.
Firstly, the actor was supposed to be Danny Brook, but he was not, it was another actor, who I have never seen before, so, as you can imagine, I was very disappointed.
Maria talked to Pat about the stupid thing that she had done, but Pat refused to apologise to her, because she felt it wasn't a mistake and she did it for only one reason: to help Maria to get the man that she loved.
First of all, we would like to thank you very much for organising such a wonderful trip with an interesting programme.
It is a coincidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage of.
This is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have autographs from.
I personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them, point and ask for autographs.
It may, in many cases, not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know there is no private life unseparately connected to it.
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts Festival I attended last weekend.
Firstly, I would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an International Arts Festival is fantastic, but in your advertisement it said that I would find stars and artists from around the world, when, in fact, they were from only six countries.
Secondly, I believe you should know that a lot of people, including me, were not able to enjoy the concerts because some concert halls were too small.
Last but not least, I would like you to know that I think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event separately.
Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilities we will be using.
This is because people won't give up the great taste of food. Although it could be substituted with a vitamin pill or two.
Lastly, I think that all these changes won't really be noticed as we change things daily and slowly instead of abruptly.
Some people think that being a famous person is a very exciting thing, that all the time this makes you feel complete and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well.
I believe that if somebody wants fame and glory he must be totally clear about the results.
Another successful career such as, film stars must also be balanced.
If somebody wants to be famous of course they must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her.
It doesn't matter what kind of career or job you have.
Firstly, I'm writing to thank you for the great opportunity you are giving us, especially in planning all this programme in such an accurate way.
Also, this show is free (another positive point).
I mean I don't think we'll change cars into aeroplanes...
In conclusion, I strongly believe that the house of the future will be the house of a new awareness. It will be a very positive point for opening up our lives.
Technical and Warm Home People's way of life has been changed considerably by rapidly developing modern technology.
Since the electric fire and microwave oven had been invented, their lives have been far easier than before.
I was enthusiastic about receiving your letter. I will give you all the necessary information.
You can't imagine how many people are involved in the organization of a concert. Apart from the musicians and the singers, there are people who work with lights, who organize the security... it was so exciting!
I've received your letter and I am pleased to have won because I needed some days to relax and to leave the city, which is very stressful.
I can travel in July only because I am working in an office and I must ask my boss for a holiday and it's the month he can give me one, so I hope that isn't a problem for you.
I would prefer to spend the two weeks in a tent, that's, in my opinion, a way to be nearer the environment and the animals, although I don't mind staying in log cabins.
To sum up, everything you doin small quantities is good and fun, but don't increase the amount you do if you don't want to feel uncomfortable.
Well my friend, I have to go, because I have got an appointment with the Dentist.
How much money do you recommend me to bring with me?
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen, probably by a gypsy.
I had to buy my dress, its accessories and also clothes and souvenirs!
Thank you for choosing our ticket at the final.
It would be great if we could choose swimming and golf.
Finally, we would like to know when you will send us the airline tickets and the brochure.
You are interested in my last job! I really want to tell you all about my experience.
In addition, it was nine days of hard work to mount all the different spot and hundreds of Coblights in the right place.
Finally, we worked the whole night before the concert.
We had to adjust the laser extremely carefully to get it in the correct position.
Finally you said there was a Restaurant, but it was closed, so we couldn't eat anything until we got home.
I have chosen these activities because these days I am playing on the university team, and photography is my favourite hobby.
Is it necessary to bring any money?
I am writing to you to tell you about my experience at a pop concert.
It began when our mutual friend Martha offered me the chance to help organise the concert. Obviously I accepted.
Now I can tell you that it was an amazing challenge for me because I had never done anything like that.
My duties as a staff member were various. The first day I had to pick the bands up from the airport, and for this I hired a van.
I am very disappointed because the things that were written in the advertisement were not really true.
It was written that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
Danny Brook is one of my favourite actors and there appeared a different one.
I felt very disappointed.
The musical should have begun at 19:30, but it started at 20:15; this is unacceptable!
As you say in your advertisement, it was not my perfect evening out and therefore I would like to have my money back.
On the other hand, the main disadvantage is that using modern machines can be very difficult for elderly people; it would be very pratitable if the modern industries trained people to use modern technologies.
I'm writing to you to thank you for the excellent programme for our English class in London, especially for the river trip to Greenwich. It will be a great experience for us.
But the students in our class have seen an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show", which will take place in the Central Exhibition Hall, London, on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00. At the same time we have to go to the Science Museum but we would all like to go to the show.
Please let us know as soon as you make your decision.
This book helps us to improve our logic, mind, and memory and it teaches the reader not to lie, to be more honest with other people and pay attention to the smallest details in our life because sometimes that can help us very very much.
In fact, shopping can have some disadvantages for different reasons:
It became essential to doing my homework.
The place I'd prefer to stay in is a log cabin, where I'm sure I'd feel more comfortable than in a tent.
I think I'm not bad at painting either; at least everyone in my family likes my work, including myself.
If it is possible I want a log cabin for my accommodation because I have been suffering with my back since my childhood, therefore I need a comfortable place to sleep.
I selected swimming because it is a cure for my backache and I have not done it since I started my new job five years ago.
On the other hand, shopping can be unenjoyable.
Peter and Sue asked Francis for some help with their exam subjects and Francis, all week, was too busy to help them.
I looked at her and she became pale and suddenly left the class.
Recently, some students have seen an advertisement about a fashion and leisure show in London. It will be on the 14th and we all want to go.
So, it would be great if you could give us this opportunity to watch the show.
At that time he was unconscious. I kept asking myself 'Should I wake him up or try to use my dubious first aid skills to help with him."
Can you please give me some recommendations about the clothes I will need and also the cost of the food there to plan my budget.
I start thinking about what she or he prefers and I try my best to buy something appropriate no matter how much money it costs.
In conclusion most of the time that you spend shopping you put a lot of effort into choosing things and making decisions and they are more or less important, or more or less enjoyable depending on what, why, where and who is the person that you are interested in pleasing.
I AM WRITING WITH REFERENCE TO THE LONDON TRIP WE ARE MAKING VERY SOON.
WE ARE REALLY INTERESTED IN THIS SHOW.
WE THINK IT IS A GREAT OPPORTUNITY, BECAUSE AS YOU KNOW, WE DON'T HAVE ACCESS TO THAT KIND OF SHOW IN THIS CITY.
IN CASE YOU DECIDE TO CHANGE THE PROGRAMME, WE SUGGEST GOING TO THE SHOW ON TUESDAY AND ON WEDNESDAY, INSTEAD OF FREE TIME, VISITING THE SCIENCE MUSEUM.
YOURS SINCERELY,
I WAS LIVING QUITE CLOSE TO PORTOBELLO ROAD BUT I DIDN'T KNOW THE AREA VERY WELL BECAUSE ALL THE TIME I JUST HAD TO GET OFF AT THE CORNER OF MY STREET. BUT THAT DAY, AS I WAS KIND OF DRUNK, I DIDN'T REALISE THAT THE BUS TOOK A DIFFERENT ROUTE. SO, WHEN I NOTICED IT, THE DRIVER WAS ALREADY ASKING ME TO GET OFF, BECAUSE WE WERE IN THE GARAGE IN PORTOBELLO.
I TOLD HIM I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE I WAS, BUT HE JUST SAID SORRY.
I WAS REALLY SCARED.
THERE WERE SOME PEOPLE AROUND BUT I WAS AFRAID TO ASK THEM THE WAY.
AFTER FILLOWING HIM FOR 10 MINUTES, I STARTED TO RECOGNISE THE PLACE, AND I WAS FEELING MORE COMFORTABLE.
Definitely, it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate it if it is possible to have my money back.
I thought that Dany Brook, who is my favourite actor, would perform in that show.
Please, if you would be so kind correct this mistake. I would be grateful if you could correct too that show starts at 20.15 not on 19.30.
Another thing was that there were no discounts available, and that the restaurant, which I wanted to visit after the show, was closed because of the main cook sickness.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I knew that he's a very talkative person, but it was necessary because I wanted him to be the main organiser of that birthday party for tenes.
I made beautiful invitations for all of Agatha's friends with a note: "Do not tell Agatha about this. This is a surprise party for her. Please keep the secret!" Pat arranged a great DJ and drinks.
My friend and I made the perfect decorations with balloons and other party stuff.
It was so exciting!!!
Anyway the disco was great, music also.
And your last festival was very interesting too.
But also there are some notes that you should improve in next year's festival to make it absolutely wonderful.
I think that one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is an excellent idea because it isn't so expensive as buying a ticket for each event, and with this ticket you can visit everything you want.
So the main rule in our school is regarding teachers.
I have chosen as my activities surfing and photography.
How is the weather in California?
Afterwards, I felt tired and unsatisfied with the store.
I'm very happy that I won first prize in your competition.
I can come to USA in July because in August I will be working with my father.
You offer a great variety of activities.
I have questions too.
People always queued for stuff from the west.
Nowadays we have capitalism, free market, lots of private shops, markets and supermarkets.
They are imported from another Western European country.
I appreciate these shops for lots of products, cheap prices and big spaces.
On Friday evening and on the weekdays all supermarkets are crowded.
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you told me I have won first prize in your competition.
Now I am answering your questions and then I would like to know some further information about travel and accommodation.
For instance, it is fun to enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a T-shirt although you do not buy anything.
CONCERNING THE ACCOMMODATION-PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT I WOULD PREFER THE LOG CABIN AS IN THE MEANTIME I SHOULD WORK ON MY LAPTOP, PREPARING SOME FINANCIAL REPORTS SO ELECTRICITY WILL BE NEEDED. I THINK THAT THE LOG CABIN WILL BE MORE COMFORTABLE OVER ALL. REGARDING TWO ACTIVITIES-I HAVE CHOSEN TENNIS AND PHOTOGRAPHY.
PEOPLE LIKE DOING SHOPPING (ESPECIALLY IN POLAND, WHERE MANY NEW AND MODERN SUPERMARKETS HAVE BEEN OPENED) LADIES PREFER TO VISIT UNDERWEAR SHOPS OR DEPARTMENTS IN HUGE HYPERMARKETS AND MEN ARE HAPPY WHEN THEY CAN BUY SOMETHING NEW FOR THEIR CARS, MOTORBIKES OR COMPUTERS.
ANYWAY EVERYBODY SHOULD DO SHOPPING AS PEOPLE NEED TO EAT, NEED CLOTHES AND MANY OTHER IMPORTANT THINGS TO LIVE.
Furthermore, I prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and my fascination for art and enjoy taking photographs of wildlife.
Sorry I haven't written to you for such a long time, but I've got a good excuse!
What a surprise! And unbelievably, I was responsible for looking after the pop stars.
But, I got through it. I had to take care of them during the break, serving drinks, clothes, I even brought them some cigarettes and anything they wanted.
What I most appreciated was that they gave me their latest CD with their signatures. Marvellous thing! And of course, as you have seen, I've given one to you.
I'm sorry but I am very disappointed with the show.
We arrived on time but the show was delayed until half-past eight.
Moreover, we weren't given any discount for being students.
Maybe the reason for that is very simple: lack of money?
It may sound funny, but mud, gravel and snow lying on the school floors is not a nice sight, so we change our shoes without questioning that rule.
Also, in August I will be studying a summer course in English.
Also, I felt wonderful when I saw that the concert was a success and every day it was crowded.
All the students would be very grateful.
We call home the place where we live or the country where we come from.
Working long hours, doing plenty of activities, going out, going on holidays.
Probably in the future we may be too busy to go to our own home and spend some time there.
Finally, we went to the restaurant in your theatre after the show.
It was closed because of the staff training.
It is believed that our lifestyle has been changed by modern technology such as computers and washing machines etc.
First of all, dishwashers are very convenient for me because I work full-time and look after my children.
In my opinion, modern technology makes our life easier.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. That was why our great plan for our holiday was not be real.
It happened last summer. We planned to go on holiday in the southern part of Thailand by motorbike but we couldn't tell our parents because they wouldn't allow us to go.
While I was standing on the beach, suddenly I heard someone call my name and say that I had to go home. That is right, it was my mum.
I am writing in reply to your letter I received yesterday.
'As I have a choice I would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so dependent on weather conditions.
Last year I took part in a photographer's contest and I won a second prize in Poland in the category of,, beautiful scenery ''.
But you could give me a chance to get more familiar with it.
Have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want, looking through shelves and not finding that in the end.
Moreover, you could face an aggressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager.
These are some points I want to mention about the differences between what the advertisement said and the realities.
It was so boring to wait for the show in a noisy and hot theatre.
It was the most imperfect evening out I ever experienced.
It took quite a long time to adjust to the multi culture in the language institute.
Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together on the weekend usually.
And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afternoon.
I am writing to thank you for your letter confirming that I won the first prize in your competition.
But I have finally got around to writing and you'll see that it's definitely been worth waiting for as I have some great and unbelievable news to tell you.
You will see why I'm describing it as the most unforgettable one when you read through my letter.
She invited me to the rehearsal of a huge concert by a singer who is a well-known pop star as well as my favourite.
Despite the fact that I felt exhausted I must admit that it was one of the days I will never forget throughout my whole life
But if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacy the media has to respect that.
Second, the show started at 20:15, although I read that it would start at 19:30!
How has modern technology changed my daily life?
When Thomas Adison invented electric light, it was the greatest invention for people of that century.
I mean, almost everyone now has a car, a computer, a mobile phone and even an airplane.
Cooking has become faster with the help of the microwave.
They become lazy because they know that they can sit on the sofa and change the channels on the TV by pressing a button.
This would be a great opportunity for us because we are all interested in clothes, sports and fashion.
There is also Hercule Poirot, the famous detective, and he finally solves the mystery.
And another question is what are the prices of things like there, which I want to know so that I can make a better budget for my trip.
The place where we worked was a football pitch; we spent 3 days setting up the stage, the equipment, and the lights.
I only put the speakers in the right places, or helped the engineers test the lights.
But in the breaks and after work, I had a chance to talk with the engineers, and I learnt something about setting up the equipment.
Finally, the day of the concert came.
After the concert finished successfully, I was happier than ever because the success included my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life.
According to your advertisement, the stars were DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE.
I decided to go to see this show because of its stars, but on the day I saw it, a different actor performed.
Before using e-mail, I used to write letters and sometimes used the telephone.
Secondly the show started late and I had to wait for 45 minutes doing nothing.
If you compare the fashion now with that of 100 years ago, you'll notice that there are incredibly big differences between them.
It's like a joke, but a bit scary.
There was no discount at all, which was in contrast with 'Discounts Available'.
Concerning the fashion of the future, I think it depends on people's personalities and they develop their own styles which suit them the most.
As for the colours, I think metallic colours, especially silver, will be the most popular.
As different kinds of fabrics will be invented and the clothings will never be just cotton as always been seen.
Maybe paper can also be a fabric used to make clothing and for those who like to wear new clothes every day.
While I'm staying there I would like to practise tennis and basketball, as I have been playing both sports all my life, and I have to say that I am very good at both.
And that is always what we want.
A huge queue that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out.
I'm writing to you inform you about the disappointing evening I had when I went to your theatre to see the play called "OVER THE RAINBOW".
According to the advertisement you published, there should have been some important differences to the production I saw.
Finally, I want to tell you that it is not useful for you and your theatre to cheat your customers. If you do that, there will be no business for you and no satisfaction for them.
I look forward to hearing from you
Emilio Almodar, 18 years old, University Student, and the career I have chosen is in International Commerce or Market.
In addition to this we use the net to communicate with some friends we have in the U.S.A. It's really amazing.
Maybe some people will be naked.
Last but not least there are some things I would like to know: What kind of weather do you have in California?
That means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores, where no one has time for you to help you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for you, no one to talk to and no one to complain to.
That is the most important reason why I only like to go shopping in small stores, where I have peace and quiet and very often nothing to complain about.
I am writing in reply to your letter. I am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
About the information that you need, I must tell you that I will be able to travel only in July because I have got a new job and I can't ask for more than one month of holidays each year and in the other months I will be very busy because my workmates will take holidays in these months.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer a tent because it is more appropriate to a camp.
And regarding the activities, I must choose Photography and Painting because I am not very good at sports and I think I do well at these things.
Here I am, writing to you to tell you everything about my wonderful experience at the concert.
When the concert started, I was preparing some drinks for the band because after the concert they would be very tired and thirsty.
In order to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the city, the County Council organised an open air concert.
Although I was very nervous, I knew I could do the job well.
I am writing to express my disappointment with the play "over the rainbow", which is showing at the Circle Theatre.
Finally, when I asked about the discounts, an aggressive employee refused to answer me.
Definitely, I want my money back as soon as possible.
So, I told Pat that Lynne was ugly, fat like a cow, and extremely aggressive.
But, well, the unhappiness started with Pat and my revealed secrets.
Organise your shows better and do not exaggerate with publicity!
Despite this, I'm convinced all this progress has caused some damage to the community, not only physically.
Finally, everyone should slow down his own life's rhythm.
Second of all, the play was supposed to start at 19:30, but it started at 20:15.
To finish my "marvellous" evening, I wanted to eat at your restaurant, but it was closed and no reason was given.
I was punished, nearly expelled, but Pat didn't receive any punishment.
According to your advertisement I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all.
One of the reasons for my visiting your show was Danny Brook's participation.
To make matters worse, the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisement was closed.
So I didn't have such a perfect evening as was promised in your advertisement.
In fact there were a lot of mistakes in your advertisement and I would be greatful if you could give me back a part of my money.
On the one hand, the Internet is often used for entertainment, but on the other hand it's also used in different business and education processes.
If we are talking about accommodation then accommodation in tents would be great-I love being close to nature.
I am not talking about some kind of achievements in those disciplines but they are my big passion
Unconnected part of all people's lives is shopping.
As a teenager I must admit that there is nothing more enjoyable than shopping.
It's like,, walking in the clouds,, you feel like you are flying.
Choosing gives me such great pleasure because I never have to worry about where I get money for my wishes.
It's hard for me even to imagine a situation when shopping is not enjoyable.
Probably it is one of the moments when you want something badly and you can't have it.
I hope your questions have been answered appropriately.
Instead of traditional telecommunications, we can talk by, e-mail or even see each other with the help of a computer network.
Among the large number of choices, this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers, a charming story and one of the most representative examples of Catalonian modernist art.
We looked at every hotel in town, trying to give you the best offer.
You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very casual clothes.
Finally, on the last day I suggest you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around.
The aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Museum.
I asked some people in town and this was the best place to choose.
The Fuerte de Sandiego Museum was built at the time when the Spanish people were trying to take all the lands from Mexico, one of the most important people who was at front of the Fuerte was Hernon Cortez, the first Spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time.
The Museum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco.
This invention has made our lives easier and quicker.
Service: It is over 100 years old but it is kept in good condition by the local people, who are proud of this castle.
It is a different experience.
History: At the castle there are always a few guides, who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle (when it was built, by whom and why), which makes everyone enthusiastic.
I recommend visiting this castle, because it is interesting, marvellous and something different.
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too.
Finally, there are a lot of museums in our town. Therefore, I would suggest going to the frogs museum, which is really fascinating.
subject: Aboriginal Art Museum.
The aim of this report is to describe the biggest building of our town.
b) The building was built in 1999. Therefore, it is an example of modern architecture.
In addition to this, we have chosen the luxury Palace Hotel, which is comfortable enough and in a good location.
Cars, boats, motorbikes, airplanes: Who has never used them once?
In this world, where the nations fight to be the best one couldn't be different, the airplane became the most important thing in the war.
The best way is definitely by air.
Thank you for your letter.
The bus will pick you up right at your hotel entrance.
You do not have to wear special clothes, just wear what you always wear.
On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on each side.
It was rebuilt in 1948 because of the Second World War, when it had been damaged.
The tower is absolutely marvellous.
I received your letter and I'm happy to help you. We booked the Palace Hotel for your group. It's nice and quiet.
When you go out of the hotel turn right and go straight on; turn right again at the first crossroads.
In the big room where we'll have the party, there'll be some pictures of our college. You'll see all the generations who passed through here.
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel, and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube. The location of the conference is then five minutes by foot.
For the party I suggest you wear classic clothes; maybe something black and not red or pink. I am going to wear classic black trousers and a white jersey-it might be that this information gives you some idea too.
I am sorry to hear that Richard Brown isn't well and hope he'll get better soon. I am more than happy to give you the necessary information.
Regarding what you could doin your free afternoon on the day you leave I would suggest you take the students to our History Museum.
There is also a gift shop in there, where your boys and girls can buy some souvenirs for their families and friends.
More and more people are learning how to drive and choosing to travel by car, because it saves a lot of time compared to travelling by public transport.
You don't have to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a late bus, or be stuck on a train for an hour due to some track repairs. You can just jump into a car, tune your radio to your favourite station and have a pleasant drive to your destination.
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutely love it!
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music, as I brought some cassettes with me from Thailand.
I took a driving-theory test last October and I passed it and I will take a practical driving test very soon.
It is called the Palace Hotel, and we hope that it is going to meet your expectations.
I strongly recommend you to use public transport in order to get there, because you may find other types of transportation quite expensive.
Moreover, you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours, until 10:00 pm.
After that our college has organised a barbecue night, with traditional local music that you must not miss.
I hope that you will find my information helpful.
THE HISTORICAL MUSEUM
Without any doubt, it is a historical place which provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of Greek history during the passing of the centuries.
Don't miss the chance to visit the historical museum, located in the heart of the capital city.
The historical museum is simply a symbol, a proof of what the Greeks have always considered as a fundamental principle: their freedom.
There are five different floors, each of them presents a different chronological period of Greek history, starting from the period before the birth of Jesus and concluding with the revolution of 1967.
Inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of historical books, maps etc.
If you really want to discover what Greek history means, we strongly recommend you to visit the historical museum!!!
When you are in the bus station you will catch bus number 37, which will go to the town centre.
Anyway the college is the first road on your right from the town centre.
Architecture: It is a typical from this epoch with beautiful drawing on the wall and first kind of writing in the sports centre.
They decided to build more schools, especially in Switzerland because the people there were considered clever.
The people who will attend the party include many professors, semi-professors and faculties.
Firstly, there is the aquarium in the building.
I hope when you visit you will be favourite place.
Firstly, Palace Hotel has been booked for the group's accommodation and I spoke with the hotel manager about travelling to the conference.
I am writing in reply to your letter about the international student conference.
And the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach, as there are about 35 international students, and they are all strangers here.
A big Buddha was built in 1997 just next to the temple, and it is the largest outdoor Buddha in the world.
It is easy to get there and free admission.
On the other hand, Hong Kong is known as a highly commercial city, and you could find something different in Po Lin Temple.
To hear the voice of the person you love is a feeling that is hard to describe; it's wonderful and so real. You can imagine their face clearly.
I had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in touch through e-mail.
With reference to the information that you have requested, the hotel that has been booked is the Holiday Inn, in New Port and to get to the University of Wales, which is not far from the hotel, you only need to take a diversion where clearly indicate Carleon and once you are on the main road, all you need to do is to follow the country road which takes you directly to the place.
As for the last day, I would suggest you make a visit to the local museum and the ruins of the Castle.
In the first you will find a very interesting collection of Roman remains, also you can visit another section which is supposed to be a Roman site.
I always had considered myself to be very lucky to be born in the century because of all the amazing human inventions.
However, I feel that at the moment there should emerge more groups to control this development because of the industrial pollution that has been created and it seems that it's very little, what is being done at the moment in relation to our environment.
I think that it will be nice for the end-of-conference party if you invite somebody to sing and give the students the time to enjoy themselves and to dance.
First of all we need the telephone in our house because it's important to make a call if you need something or if something happens to your house and nobody is with you.
In the past people didn't have electricity and if they wanted, for example, to read or to cook something they used to light a fire.
You must have a TV because you can learn about what is happening in the world and you can see some places that you haven't been to.
I'm very glad to be able to help you out with such a situation.
At the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a break to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea. That is also amazing.
Yours sincerely,
I am writing to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conference and other points in relation to it.
With the Internet you can communicate with people in different places of the world at the same moment.
I am writing to inform you that I have received a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college.
For those students who are very interested in shopping, clothes shops, jewellery, stationery, bookshops, fashion and beauty departments and many more are available.
For those who want something more exciting and adventurous, you are recommended to visit the Fun Fair and amusement arcade on the top floor of the building.
I am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference.
You will never regret about my suggestion.
If you need more information let me know.
I've received your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you are going to organise very soon. Here you have a little help for it.
First, I'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is "The Palace Hotel", which is situated at the centre of the town.
It is a well-situated town with a lot of museums to visit, especially "the History Museum", which I visited last year, and I think you will enjoy it.
It's impossible nowadays to imagine a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business.
The answer was always the same: "Impossible".
An old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad studying computers at "Chicago University". She told me that every night she expected a call from her son, because her was the line of the happiness.
However, there was one person who told me he wasn't happy at all with the phone, because he used to write a lot, especially at Christmas when he wanted to wish all his friends a very nice Christmas but now everybody phones him, ending a very old tradition.
Firstly, about your accommodation, the college which I belong to offers visitors free accommodation with full of facilities
This party is unlikely to be that formal, but I recommend you don't wear jeans and trainers.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it and maybe become familiar with our culture.
These days, we're surrounded with so many different kinds of products which our ancestors invented.
Let us try to appreciate their importance again.
When you take the class on computer programming, you will definitely need one and that holds true for the class on politics, because you have to study statistics on your computer to do social research and some analyses.
My professor said, 'Go and get familiar with your computer, otherwise you'll fail'.
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we usually use without thinking.
At the end of the conference there will be a reception at the hotel.
Lots of books, papers, lots of things on the tables.
Computers have helped to improve health because in this century we can use them in medical operations. Doctors can manage the most extreme operation easily and confidently.
No matter where you are, what you do, apparently, you need electricity.
For your last day I think it would be interesting to visit our historic and famous city centre.
People now had the chance to move to faraway places to spend their leisure time, to relax, or just to see something different than their home.
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel, which is situated in the city centre, 15 minutes 'walk from where the conference takes place.
The group has been booked into a comfortable and well-situated hotel, whose name is the "Palace Hotel".
Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but something that is special is our cathedral.
Finally, I am sure you and your group will spend some enjoyable, relaxing days here.
It is well known in almost all families, often with a lot of different channels.
I cannot imagine living without television, it is something that we need for our education, and for getting news and other helpful information.
Nowadays everyone has a telephone.
Nowadays we are very busy and we don't have free time to see our friends, but we can call them and talk or chat with them.
The telephone is a very important invention if we can use it correctly without using it as a type of entertainment as many people do nowadays.
However, if you're interested in archaeology you should visit the History Museum in Garden Square.
In the last forty years people seem to have become completely addicted to using their car.
In fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carrying our luggage and shopping bags.
For example, in the past it would had been extremely exhausting to travel on a horse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of options to choose from.
On the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us to get about quickly.
There are eye-max cinema, museums, a gallery.
Pusan Castle is located in the South of Pusan.
It was built four hundred years ago.
With reference to your letter which I received yesterday, I would like to give you some details about the international student conference, also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week.
I hope this letter answers all your questions, if you want to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter.
The aim of this report is to give some information about the new Acapulco resort buildings which were built 10 years ago. They are some of the first buildings that were built with the latest technology and designed by an important Mexican architect.
In addition, the resort has an interesting historical background concerning the architecture and the best facilities and activities that you could have in Mexico, for example, it provides different kinds of tours around Mexico.
In spite of the disadvantages, I would strongly recommend students and the public to visit the new Acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience learning about the buildings 'history and at the same time travelling around Mexico.
For the end-of-conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us with live music and catering.
Finally, to fill your free afternoon I would definitely recommend visiting the cathedral and having a walk around the old part of the city. If you want, it will be my pleasure to show you the area.
Chairs are not only part of the furniture, they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums where they are art objects.
The world is packed with so many types of chairs, from the common wooden ones to the most sophisticated and comfortable others finding a basic range of prices.
From my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented.
Some people use them in their work, others wish to sit in one by the end of the day and for some other people a wheelchair represents the possibility of movement.
I phoned the tourist information office last week and I got some information about the accommodation for the students.
As requested, the aim of this report is to assess the suitability for a group of American students of the visit to the Etruscan Museum.
It contains lots of archaeological Etruscans founded and some remains from the Estruscans 'necropolis.
Also there are some free headphones that explain the history of the museum.
Although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students, I strongly recommend it for their excursion and because of their interests.
In my opinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line.
Basically, during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in London.
Are you always happy when your telephone rings?
Since I have been travelling around the world, I would have imagined being in touch with my family or friends without the Internet or my mobile phone.
This is an International student party, so I suggest you wear traditional costume.
You can inform all the students that they can take some traditional food to the party.
It includes a library,
II suit, academic rooms, a GYM Club and a restaurant.
There is a very big library.
Just in the same building, you can find a restaurant.
They can also talk with British students to communicate study experience.
The group has been booked into the "Maria Luisa" Hotel, which is situated in the centre of Wimbledon called Wimbledon Village.
The purpose of this report is to give a brief description of the Academy of Art in St Petersburg.
This building is situated on the magnificent bank of the Niva River with an excellent view of the Hermitage Museum.
The building was built by a very famous Russian architect and is a marvellous example of Russian classic architecture of the XVIII century.
In the Academy of Art you can find the oldest art library, with a wide range of books, and the Museum of Russian Art, with a huge collection of paintings, sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries.
For example, I work for a bank, and we need to have weekly meetings with our Director living 800 kilometres away, and he doesn't have to come here, we just have a phone conference where everybody can talk, and that is it!
Finally, on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggest you go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museum because this museum is the biggest in the world now. It is up to you.
for Example, THAILAND, the United States of America, INDONESIA and CANADA.
Therefore I am thinking of selling my car, which has changed my life over the last 10 years, which has given me a kind of freedom, which has gone with me to all sorts of fantastic places, and changed my life for a new life: without a car.
Finally we enjoy a disco party so you should wear a suitable dress.
So he climbed on the ladder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there "what happened?"
Jane explained that situation and they understood her.
I am writing to give you the information that you asked me for.
From there you can get a taxi, catch the number seven and eleven buses, which both take you very close to the conference centre, and also you can go by underground to get there.
Then, after the Conference, there will be a formal party at the group's hotel, which starts at 9:00 pm and finishes at 12:00 midnight.
Yours sincerely
Hampton Court Palace is located in Hampton Court.
For the last day, we have arranged a small party in the hotel. Then we all set off to go on a sightseeing tour of Bromley town centre for about two hours before you leave for the airport.
Bromley town centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London.
We definitely need light to keep on. I dare say, without light, our life would go into a dark, dark hell.
I am writing to you to answer your question about the conference in London. Thank you for your letter.
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to has been booked into the Palace Hotel in the centre of London from the 24th of June until the 25th of June.
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlemen a dark suit.
1) "Fontana di Trevi" sited in Trevis Square in the centre of Rome.
1) First of all, they are located in the centre of Rome so they can take a bus to get to them move and around the city.
Regarding your last question I can suggest visiting the Royal Castle.
Actually it is a whole complex, the Old and the New Castle, the cathedral and the very interesting underground part with its amazing crypts.
And if you climb to the top of the main tower-the keep-you will see unforgettable views of a white town.
You will find there an amazing collection of old weapons, armour and, we are especially proud of it, the great collection of swords.
After that I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located at the New Castle.
I am sure that should be enough for a one-day trip.
Please note that alcoholic drinks are only sold until 11pm.
Coming back to ideas and Suggestions, I've promised to give you a free afternoon before you catch your plane. I would advise you to visit our zoo or to go for a picnic in a park before you go to the party.
Such simple and everyday things like a telephone, a car, a computer only seem to be normal and everyday for us as we use them every day.
These inventions have improved our life a lot since they appeared, but not everyone believes it is really so.
First of all they talk about the environmental pollution which cars and other vehicles create, overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some other problems.
I think the telephone is the most important thing in many people's lives as it allows you to get in touch with anyone and it doesn't matter where you are (I am talking about mobile phones, which a majority now have through choice).
I think it wouldn't be possible for us to survive without electric light.
Because of shipbuilding developments people were able to make all those geographical discoveries, and automobile transport is an undeniable necessity in our life.
Because of everything I have said I am more likely to think that the benefits of people's inventions are much greater than all their disadvantages.
If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
SUBJECT: Recommendations for a place to visit
The place I would like to recommend is the seventeenth-century Royal Palace.
The Old Town is the best place for an afternoon stroll, with a great deal of restaurants, cafes and street performers.
There are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay overnight, if necessary.
I am pleased to provide the information you need for the group.
The hotel I booked is the Palace Hotel which is in the centre of London just two blocks from Victoria station.
I think it is very convenient for the group. You know the Victoria area, it is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city. About the hotel, it is clean, and provides a good service. The rooms are doubles and each has its own bathroom and for the number of students we are getting good value. And the best way to get to the College for the conference is to walk to Victoria station, get the tram to Glouster Road and after 3 blocks on the left-hand side you will find the College.
However I am going to make a plan for each student with all of the details and the address.
About the party at the end of conference, we are organising it in the same hotel which has a nice salon.
It will be good for your group because you don't need to move to another place.
It is not a formal party so I think it is fine to wear something not too formal.
I want to suggestions for the last day. You and your group could maybe go to Green Park and visit the Queen's house and Parliament, this area is very nice and the group would engoin after the conference to get some fresh air. Another option could be the new Tell Gallery. I have never been there but it could be a good excuse to visit it with you.
I have been hearing about the Ave they have in the exhibition, it is interesting.
I hope you found this letter useful and if you have any questions, let me know.
I am looking forward to seeing you soon.
Yours sincerely
The computer was invented 30 years or more ago and started processing information with a big card which was perforated and made a small hole and each hole meant something like a code.
The machine that was used for reading this card was very big, you used to need a room for the computer.
I remember when I had the first lesson at the University and the teacher took us to the Computer Centre and I saw these machines, all my colleagues and I were laughing was very difficult to imagine how you can work with this kind of computer.
These days the computer is part of your life, you use it all the time. Sometimes you do personal and other times it is just the things you need to do like go to the bank, use transport, go shopping etc. It is a machine that makes life easy and ibendow you can carry it everywhere. It is amazing the way as the fas the computer changes, the programs are faster and more useful and practical.
But the computer has a bad side too. I whand mean we life each day we depend more and more on it.
So I feel scared when I think about the consequences if some of the viruses or mad people misuse as happens these days with sex or other.
I work with children and the computer helps me in my job but affects it too.
So I hope the world reaches agreement about this and computer engineers have to prevent these problems because something good could be something very dangerous.
Both of them are as convenient as getting there.
End of all, in my opinion we could go to the centre of the town because there are many places to have a look at and go shopping.
So that's why they have invented the telephone.
Take the bus in the direction of the centre of town.
With the computer, we can write a letter, correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again. We save the letter and in three weeks we could send it to another person.
If we hadn't any, we would have to write all the transactions on paper.
I would like to inform you that Centeral Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere on foot from the hotel during your stay.
There is no need to bother about clothes.
Before you leave England, I suggest you visit the canals and small villages around Basingstoke. You could have the opportunity to see the country life.
Wouldn't it be unbearable and painful?
Certainly it would be just like mine.
Because I live in a rural area, far from any village, town, or city centre.
But also I'm aware that time flies for me. I must do whatever I want before it is too late.
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for humanity.
As you need more information, I will answer all your questions with pleasure.
It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our city and situated only half a mile from the main building of our college, so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot.
Finally, you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historic places (castles built in the 13th century) or art galleries, as well as the beautiful Bodnant Garden.
I think that one of the most important inventions affecting our life is the telephone.
I have just received the letter from you and I'm writing to you as soon as possible.
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coach, which I have arranged for you.
Then we can have a rest in the cafe and talk before your flight home.
I think I have given you all the important information.
Nowadays motorization is one of the most important inventions.
When you look around everybody has a car or motorcycle.
No matter that people started worried more about pollution in the world.
I love motorcycles and I don't think I could live without them.
I have ridden a motorcycle since I was 16 years old.
We rode motorcycles for a few days before we finally got to our meeting points.
I really enjoy riding my motorcycle.
When I ride it is only me and my motorcycle.
I am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorcycle in the world.
To sum up, I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers, which has affected both individuals and society as a whole.
Personally I recommend the Dickens tour because it is a good length walk and very historical.
The bus leaves at 8a.m. from the front entrance of the hotel.
The end-of-conference party is in a tent and in the grounds.
It will be a surprise!
On the last afternoon you could go on a city tour, visit the Museum of Fine Arts, or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the public park.
The museum is near the city centre and is accessible by bus or walking.
It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building, approximately one mile away.
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure is now creating problems.
A lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded, and environmental problems are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries.
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without affecting their mobility.
If you are free I will show you around our college.
The countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate.
I love baking cakes, cookies and breads.
However, there is something about which it is still believed that it was an extremely important invention.
In my opinion, the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most machines, appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can only be operated with electricity, which makes people not do too much physical labour.
Dear Mrs. Maria Smith,
I hope that our friend Richard Brown doesn't have any serious illnesses.
This party is for the students so the clothes won't be so formal.
We can choose between two options for spending our free time.
I don't like thinking of my house or my life without all these facilities.
Now, you just need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city, with a car, aeroplanes, shops, all these things without lights.
It is supposed to be from 7pm to 11pm.
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Lots of great inventions have been invented in order to help people live comfortably.
Because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea.
By the way, the end-of-conference party is a kind of farewell party.
The first part, the chairman and a few guests will give a speech and the second part, the participants will evaluate themselves, and the last part will consist of dinner and drinks.
For example: electricity, the computer, telephone, boat, and car (wheel), etc.
It has absolutely reduced women's housework time.
She appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle.
I would suggest they wear formal clothing, such as tie, trousers and blazer.
The building is called the Chiang Kei-shek Memorial Hall.
The Memorial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds.
As you go into the main Hall, you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei-shek. This is because the building is the remembrance of how well Chiang did in History.
Apart from the main Hall, there are also lots of other galleries.
In these galleries there are Historical paintings and antique furniture which Chiang used.
there are also restaurants and modern galleries.
When you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat, or if you are fed up with historical things, you might as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern.
Finally, if you want to visit this building I would recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the memorial Hall called the Hyatt Hotel.
OLYMPIC MUSEUM
The Olympic Museum is situated near the lake and offers, for the tourist, an unbelievable view of the mountains and the lake.
I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holiday in Yverdon.
It is a modern hotel, near our college, and it is also very convenient for the airport. You can take either bus or taxies.
The number 101 bus leaves from the airport, then you can get off at the "city college" stop.
Nowadays people have become used to watching television programmes every day.
Someone is talking, laughing, crying on there, so join them. You will feel much better than you would just by yourself.
Some TV programmes are enjoyable!
In conclusion, TV has both advantages and disadvantages, but on the whole the advantages are greater than the disadvantages.
On the positive side, you and the group will be able to learn more about Welsh artworks which are presented on the wall, on the door and some furniture.
And some old toilets might look awful.
So, I'm writing to reply to give all the information you asked for.
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 20 minutes.
And your speech would be better for the end of conference party.
Some people might say electricity is more important than any other thing.
For instance, when I want to contact my friend, it's quite helpful to use e-mail.
However, the computer is worth using in our life until a more convenient machine is invented.
It also holds an international exhibition all year round.
In my early childhood my mother said to me that when she was a little girl there was only one telephone in the building where she lived.
It was in her parents 'apartment.
It is not an easy decision how to react now.
thank you for your letter, which arrived yesterday.
I hope to give you all the information you need and, please, if you want more information or something is not clear, please don't hesitate to contact me again.
It's a very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need.
From there to the conference you have to take the number 50 bus, which stops near the hotel and arrives in the town centre.
For this conference I suggest wearing something very comfortable but elegant. The organisation wants all the men to wear a jacket, but a tie is not necessary.
If I find something special you will be able to visit in three hours I will call you.
It is the most important church in this area because of its architecture.
It is something very special. Its ceiling is made from many small pieces of wood. Its windows with many colours. It is fantastic.
I look forward to hearing from you
I hope that all the information you need will be provided satisfactorily.
Secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference centre is to use one of the shuttle buses we provide at this event.
Finally, concerning your free afternoon, there are plenty of activities, but I suggest you visit the Caldea centre, which is a very special bath centre.
If you need further information do not hesitate to contact us.
There are plenty of churches, cathedrals, and old cottages.
The churches and the cathedral are very interesting because of their different Romanic styles.
Finally if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations, let me know more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and I'll do my best to find something more suitable.
To finish, if you have spare time, you could walk in the centre of Poitiers which is very beautiful.
In the Pompidou centre, there are different exhibitions on different themes.
So if you visit Paris, the Pompidou centre is a very interesting building to visit, even if in Paris there are many other buildings.
It is situated in the centre of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college, where the conference is going to be held.
I think that the best choice for you is to take the 234 bus.
Also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum.
To conclude I would like to say that the governments of all developed countries wouldn't have been so concerned about the so-called "problem 2000" if the computer had not been so important for modern society.
First, I would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility, because of Mr Brown's illness.
There, I saw the exhibitions and admired the building itself.
If you go down a few steps, you will discover the cellar.
When you go uphill, you have to bend your back.
They paid much attention to their faces and spent lots of money to shop.
I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs, such as Friends, Scrubs, etc.
I like you give me any comments and opinions too.
It was like water and his bottom was red.
Everyday, there are new things to try.
It's a kind of Tai-wan style massage.
After that, I went to a fitness club which has bedrock bathing.
It's nearly 12pm.
Elections will be held on August 30th.
This time they may lose administration.
It is made of sponge:) It is cute.
I'm learning English, but it's really difficult for me!
I was relieved to hear the doctor's diagnosis, but I'm still worried.
Innovative and original ideas are good, but if you cannot find them, you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other's work.
I was somewhat puzzled what to say.
So, after he was made consul by the Romans, he went to Africa, where he fought against Yugurta, who was king of Numidia.
cuz I don have a school until then!!
That's why I'm very excited to teach students English!!
Those are such things as playing sports, reading books, listening to music, taking walks.
My favorite hobby is talking with my friends, because I think it is the best time to be with my friends.
The other day, I met one of my classmate from high school at a station, for the first time in fifteen years.
Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is stictly prohibit to go to have a job.
Today, I went to the karaoke box with my son and neighbors.
I slept all day until I had to work.
Fortunately, I am a hero of justice.
I think that the war should never of happened.
I don't understand why so many people are into this stuff, I decided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style.
Without audiences, love judges, parents, just a friendly and private atmosphere, which allows them to be themselves and enjoy the moment.
Going abroad is my dream, so I really cherish this opportunity.
It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge, broaden my horizon, enjoy foreign customs, and also realize my dream.
I just listened to his bandBoyzone's brilliant song ``No Matter What`` on the way back home.
Next Wednesday, the economics seminar softball match will take place.
When someone asks me, ``What's your favorite thing?``
Oh, how wonderful the college life is!
Once you get into the society, your life won ''t be as simple as that in college.
Steven taught me today.
I attended Japanese tea ceremony lessons one day a week for three years, before I came here to Japan.
I liked to learn how to serve green tea. I made some friends at the lesson.
After I made it, I drank the green tea.
In the grammar exercises, which I did for hours (?) I couldn't correct any sentences (?).
Because it is very important; I'll never get a good job without it, and I'll never understand half of the beautiful sites in the Internet!
And I like to draw in Photoshop and Illustrator, and many other things!
He is crawling everywhere as his instinct tells.
I put my fingers into his little mouth, and pull it out.
My very first diary entry on Lang-8
The first half of the game was a draw and the second half of the game was a draw.
Finally, Japan won the game, so ``Nadeshiko Japan`` is top team in the world!! I was excited, so I couldn't sleep;) But I don't regret watching soccer.
This is the most important thing to them but, my opinion is different.
Today, I went to university.
I wanted to more study.
But, I'm going to do it now, because my laptop is supposed to get repaired, and in a couple of hours, the mechanic is going to be here to pick it up.
Yesterday was a busy day, but I was very happy.
We have many foreigners as our clients and I really could try my strength in English) It `s so interesting to talk with the British, Germans, Italians, Danes, Finns, Croats...
He has recently been accused of punching a man while drunk.
A sumo champion, called a yokozuna, is required to be strong not only physically, but also spiritually.
During the last summer vacation, I traveled around Southeast Asia; Malaysia (Malacca and Kuala Lumpur), Cambodia (Siem Reap), and Myanmar (Bagan).
He is now in Israel.
May it be sunny tomorrow...
May it be sunny tomorrow...
It is said that you can be healthy and happy or your wish will come true if you climb this mountain.
My junior high school friends and I are very interested in this legend.
It was the kindergarten level ~ ~..
Please tell me:D
Yesterday, I went to Home Depot to buy a bag of soil and a planter.
The roses grew and their flowerpots are too small for them.
I think I caught a cold:-(
Epitome of Cool
But the stuation is being recovered by help not only from other Japanese but also from countries all over the world.
We walked around the garden, we saw the animals and differents trees; we had a small lunch
He has a funny and interesting dance.
Well,_ I'm into Ray Charles's song_ ``Hit the Road Jack``_ recently.
My grammar is very poor, and my poor grammar always drives my SAT grammar teacher crazy.
Luckily, I have some Korean friends so I worked on it while asking
my friends whether the translation is correct or not.
this is just an excuse.
It was a margherita pizza.
Strange Japanese customs?
So, whenever I pass by, I am sure they must be new employees.
It is very convenient that its cordless.
By the way, do you know 'Lucky Taxi'?
Today's class is the same class which I wasn't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI.
When I was in Korea, if we skipped the class because of other affairs, they seemed very happy.
However, in here, my students don't want to skip the class.
And I fell in love with the library at our school!!!
According to the book, taking a nap is not good for digestion.
If we get very sleepy, we should go for a walk to forget about our sleepiness.
Actually, it requires lifting up their knees high enough to make the Kinect sensor to sense their move, so he was correct and had fastest speed in the race.
I went to balloon lecturer as an assistant at ``OMOCHA OUKOKU``.
It was difficult to lecture to small children.
My mother committed suicide when I was only one year old, and since my father worked far far away in a town, I was brought up by my Grandma.
I went to the gym in Neyagawa city so that I can strengthen my muscles.
And people seem as if they were constipated (this word is funny because in Spanish ``constipado`` is ``cold``, and it's easy to mistake the meaning xD).
But I suppose everybody has a reason why they want to study a second language.
I could come into contact with a lot of music, from Billboard to Classics, because of it.
But there were US Armed Forces in Korea, and they radio broadcast their Billboard songs.
I replied, ``Yes I have one, but in Russian``. So I think it's time to create an Englishversion.
I am a college student.
Today is a special day.
I didn't know whether he's worried about it or is looking forward to it, but I hope that it will be a special and wonderful experience for him.
Many people visit there.
In order to drink, I finished my work early.
I don't know the reason on why I was so annoyed about everything.
I got out of temper to my friends as much as I felt sorry for her.
I don't think students scores should be the standard for an establishment.
For example, varieties of teaching methods and materials should be involved in the criterion for assessing the teachers.
The result of my check-up was also anemia.
I am really looking forward to it.
I will do it on monday for sure:)
I have become the director of a company now.
Interdisciplinary, practical studies, a wide choice of courses, experimental spirit (?) and open-mindedness are reasons why I am so enthusiastic about RU.
My favourite subjects are maths and physics, so probably I will have a problem with connecting them with traveling or something like that.
But recently I heard about charity organizations which need engineers and it could be a nice idea.
but I feel tired because of difference temperature between Singapore and Japan.
Actually, I love cats!
If I can be a cat, I will go out for a walk the whole day, sleep until I feel good, be along with people when I lonely.
I noticed that a crow dropped the walnut from his beak to the ground in order to break the shell.
He played the contra bass and the guitar.
Since summer vacation started, I always stayed up to play computer games and even until AM13: 00.
And we planted trees and cleaned the garden.
Today I bought a book by Morimi Tomihiko at the bookstore in my college, where all the college students and teachers can buy books at a five percent discount off the regular price.
Furthermore, his stories are very enjoyable.
The sandwich costs 280yen. I ate that one first.
I probably can't get raw ham at ordinary stores.
Now I'm working in my company and I feel a little tired. Maybe I enjoyed too much during this holiday, so I can't acclimatize myself to different place or people, etc.
English pronunciation
Other countries, Germany for example, most of their employees can speak English rather than Japanese.
For Americans, Japanese ``Futon`` is a mysterious sound because shape of mouse for ``Fu`` is different between American English and Japanese.
it was rainy today.
it was very difficult!!!!
Japanese marriage system
Brides and grooms simply go to city offices and turn in the marriage application form, which has the brides ', the grooms', and twowitnesses 'signatures.
No picture IDs are required to turn in the marriage application form.
Somebody else can go there instead of the couple.
Because of the system, sometimes problems arise.
When a couple goes to the city office to turn in their marriage form, they sometimes find out that one of them (or both of them) is already married to someone else.
Until he created the first APPLE computer, all the effects what he had done before came back.
Hot coffee, cigarettes and a warm blanket-this is what I need today.
So I bought two, one for my feet and the other for my neck and shoulders.
In korea foreign missionaries have been succssefully brainwashing people.
just one reason I didn't believe him.
This is my first post in English.
I know this SNS, using learning foreign language, ``iKnow`` (http;// www. iknow. co. jp).
Good Dinner at Omiya
Anyway, someday, I want to get lasik if it can improve my eyesight causing no side effects.
A single house
This is the first time I write a diary in English.
What changes happened?
Fortunately my husband doesn't interfere with me.
He joked ``Please buy meat for visiting, esp chicken for dak galbi...``
It reminds me of the Bable story, God separates people with different languages, and people are never united as one any more because of the languages, then the world is full of suspicion and frustration.
By the way, a Typhoon is coming soon and maybe a lot of students are thinking, ``whoa I can rest a day, hopefully the typhoon stay in Taiwan``.
After I entered elementary school, my parents switched from running a supermarket to owning a fried chicken restaurant.
Now they run a grilled meat restaurant.
I would like to write a letter to my English teacher, so I want you to correct my English.
I drove alone, I'm not afraid of driving anymore.
I can hardly wait for spring vacation.
And I have learned another important skill, that is to write down everything that you don't know, or you cannot remember clearly, especially things which are very important to your job.
yesterday? Typhoon came, so the sky was cloudy all day, and temperature did not become hotter.
I still belongs to my company in Japan.
I can do Japanese company's business in NY.
If you have a more suitable English name, please tell me ~
I felt sad and my sister got out of the house!
I will back to school soon, my school is in another province!
My next time back home will in many month later, I really don't want to back to school with a broken-heart, but I can do nothing!
I'm writing my diary for the second time because wrong. (???)
I am writing the diary and doing a lot of things I check my e-mail and read hi5. My friends send comments to me. Hi 5 is like facebook. It is very popular in thailand and I chatted with my university friend. We talked about work. She is not working at the moment because I go to out side of bangkok. (???)
she lives with her family. I know her because she went to bangkok to study.
I plan to party this sunday at my closest friend's brithday.
We played a computer game.
The newspaper and the weather forecast inform us when the cherry blossoms come out.
I was so humiliated by my accent during my childhood that I tried to modify it.
Because it was gifted by my ancestors.
listening nemo
Nemo: Daddy help me
Nemo's friend?
Daddy: I've got to find my son Nemo!
but my classes ended late.
We talked a lot and had a blast, and it was interesting that one of the participants talked his experiences when he'd been in Germany.
Life will be devided into each part that let him feel safe when he separate people into various groups.
Yesterday, I rode from the main campus to the medical college.
I usually study at a certain cafe& restrant which is called Saizeria.
I am a junior student majoring in Japanese.
After graduating from high school in June, 2008, I have studied Japanese for nearly two years since August, 2008.
I run for my health so I never over do.
But I run at least 3 kilometers when I feel something bad.
one class is ninety minutes, so I got exhausted.
I take as many classes as possible, because I have a voracious appetite for studying!
So we had a lesson with another teacher who is Ethiopian during his holiday.
It ended with an unpleasant atmosphere.
My friend told me that she wanted to give me a surprise.
I am planning to stay in Hong Kong for a month.
And I've searched information about where to stay (there).
I couldn't get back home before 9pm for awhile and had to rely on baby sitter everyday.
But I can't decide what to spend it on.
I want to buy an ipod music player.
I want to take a flower essence seminar.
A new semester!
Tomorrow a new semester will begin.
And I watched on TV that US journalists have been detained in North Korea.
Journalists that go to dangerous places are so crazy, even though there is possibility of dying.
So, I will write what I'm going to say.
When I arrived at Copley, I'd never seen such a tremendous amount of people there.
I hope that the Red Sox will be the winner of the World Series, so then I'll have a chance to watch a parade again!
It's a love story, during the war, between a hurted prostitute and a soldier who has to fight.
and I took out some economic books from the library.
Tommorow I will have to study English and economics.
I took part in a job interview this morning, but after the HR kept asking me questions for about 30 minutes, she told me maybe this position doesn't fit for me because I don't have the SQL skill.
I'm looking forward and waiting for what the Apple will bring
I came here to learn English.
I laughed and said: You're a hairy, obese idiot!
But I want to continue studying English every day.
Happy day!
So I want to watch movies but it `s too expensive for me...
Thus, in the movie, Coluche travels around the world, and experiences some adventures in various countries such as Morocco, The United-States (Harlem), China and so on...
I think it may be interesting to listen to the French accent and the (maybe exaggerated) view of Harlem by the French at the time.
I also have to shovel snow around my house, car parks and office...
In addition to this, traffic is so crowded...
I just started this SNS.
People who have already graduated can also take this exam, so that makes this exam more competitive.
But actually, people may have the ability to pass it, but they still can't communicate well in English.
I passed it half a year ago, but writing passages are still really hard...
Dakdori was just one the recipes included in the book under the chicken menu.
I surf the internet with an air-conditioner and a fan turned on. After surfing the web I watch TV with the desk-top still on and use a stove and microwave to have a meal.
All I could do was drink beer going stale in the refrigerator.
I can understand its meaning, but is it awkward for the English reader or listener?
English Again!
After an English lecture, I tell myself over and over again: I must learn English now!
I have to admit age is a becoming more and more a sensitive issue as I get older and older, and the older I get, the more responsibility comes along and the more mature you should behave.
Well, I think I wish I could welcome the moment at home as usual, but I failed for the last couple of days which flashed through so quickly in a northern city I have never been to before.
Travelling makes the time elapse so quickly that I have hardly any time to digest the change of age satisfactorily, Even though I have been able to come back home this morning, I still can't take my time and am actually struggling to keep awake to digest it as much as I can, because I hardly slept yesterday.
Moreover, I still didn't like it when I bought a can of spaghetti (canned spaghetti) and had it because it was like jelly, and was essentially just a can of meat sauce.
Why isn't al dente that common in this European country whose people are the most omnivorous?
I want to write my profile first.
And I like Lolita fashion!
This movie is talking about two different American girls who spent their summer in Barcelona, where they have a romantic, unforgettable adventure.
Meanwhile, they are still learning how to face some issues in their lives.
This movie's spirit seems give us the idea that everything is possible, especially relating to love.
When it comes to the subject of love, some people tend to be realistic, some people are always expecting something very different.
But I think most people in our country, we don't have enough courage to change the situation, or sometimes we just carry more moral responsibility.
The fireworks were the most beautiful which I had watched ever.
``earthquakes, thunder, fires, fathers``
I'm planning to go to Sapporo (the capital of Hokkaido, Japan) this weekend and I feel uneasy about going through the pass because it's very dangerous to drive on icy roads.
Thank you for reading and for your corrections.
Is this Peter Pan syndrome?
I think the definition of an adult is different throughout the world.
But maybe there are many countries that define ``adult`` at an earlier age.
Basically, it is said Japanese people are not good at speaking English.
We begin to learn it in junior high scool.
My name is oanhchau. I'm from Vietnam. My language is vietnamese.
Until the start of this year, he was my classmate, and he suggested this website to me.
In my point of view, it's a complicate website, but I think if I practice, I can use so goos this site, and finally reach my objective.
I'll appreciate thosewho correct my text, and thanksssss (a lot of ``S`` it's a internet form or expression that we use a lot on MSN, here in Brasil)
I especially like watching European soccer!
I was hoping this time she could win a medal..
That made me think that I should support her ever though I am not sure if she will continue with mogul.
Anywany, I think it's going to be one exciting Olympic.
I didn't prepare for it entirely.
I wish that place was a non-smoking place and
That mechanism is, When I access ``URL``, proxy response ``URL``.
normally, Ajax cannot cross site.
My friend is a teacher at a junior college.
I thought about it a little bit, and I answered,
because of the school opening ceremony
I am going to go to the library and study hard
Today is a holiday.
Because they are so beautiful with beautiful music.
I'm a Japanese.
It's very cute and I feel relaxed.
And today after working I had dinner with my acquaintance, a person who is working in the famous consulting company accenture.
If you had stood next to the sliding door of the room hearing what was being talked inside, you might have heard intermittent laughing sounds made by a female (1 only?), and monotonous, enthusiastic talks by a male (1 only?), which might have gave you an impression; the atmosphere was not too bad, or too good either.
I bought a package of muesli, mixed it with yogurt and put it in my refrigerator at night before going to bed.
Instead, I've watched company harassment like ``you're incompetent!`` or ``we can't afford to pay you`` in order to force them into early retirement
Luckily I have a job and a dependable income.
My cute ``My Little Pony`` should not connected to such a nasty word.
lololol No, they should not.........
My coworkers all work until late at night.
One of my friends on skype told me that all you have to do is concentrate on the exam and relax.
Well, studying business English is bloody boring.
I don't think that much business English is needed to communicate with foreign people.
When I speak English, although it isn't in a perfect sentence, a native speaker can usually understand what I mean.
I had dinner the day before but I ate two more hamburgers late at night after dinner
I was hungry soon after eating...
I found Mr. hou8592984's blog.
In order to continute to write English, I should decide a theme.
Theme: Depression
By writing his depression journal, I would like depressive patients and their families to know about this disease/ illness and surely believe in his or her recovery.
I did not drink alcohol in a couple of days.
We also visited a soy sauce museum.
Every term we study Chinese, Math, English, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, History, Politics, Geography, Music, Art, and Physical education, 13 in all.
That is scary, don't you think so??
Can anyone tell me the way to improve my conversational skills?
My student visa was sent to my house from the American embassy this morning.
When I got there, I was so surprised that there was a lot of people waiting outside the embassy.
More than 150 people were there.
Upon entering the house, a man checked me, and my bag with an X-ray machine.
I needed to have an interview, and then have my fingerprints taken.
The style of all the furnishings in the building were American.
Next, I should remember lots of Eglish sentences.
I really want her to come back and release new songs someday.
I think everyone hastheirown favorite song that makes them better.
I like both Japanese songs called J-pop and foreign music.
But Japanese music is more comfortable for me, maybe because it's easy to understand the meaning of lyrics.
Speaking of lyrics in English songs, it's very hard to lisiten and understand compared to in aconversation...
In the future hopefully my English will be better and I will be able to understand lyrics.
I have been studying English for eighteen years, starting from grade school, continuing at the institute, to now-by myself.
But I have not had much success with my studies.
For example, I can understand only a very small part of radio and tv broadcasts, or dialogs in movie pictures.
My Summer holiday finally started on the 5th.
But I have got a lot of plans this Summer:D hope it's going to be a great Summer Vacation!
The happiness on their faces means I did well.
The weather is bad. It is wast to have a cold.
Long, long ago, there were a couple of lovers.
There were just only two students in the classroom.
``Otlob`` is a delivery-service site address in Egypt.
I think health is the most important thing for life.
To celebrate I called my friends and we decided to go to dancing at a club that has Caribbean styles of dancing (salsa, merengue, bachata).
As soon as we entered, my every thought was addressed to the music. So after I removed my coat quickly, my body began connecting with the track playing.
Between all the Caribbean dances, the one which I prefer is salsa. That is because it expresses passion, a characteristic that is part of me. In fact I'm a scorpion ^ ^.
A Little Hesitation and Nervousness
My group's leader asked me to prepare a race speech and a show of accomplishments because we have a vacant position for secretary of the youth league committee in the group.
Every time I meet a foreigner interested in learning Spanish and also interested in learning the language in a spanish speaking country, their natural choice was Spain.
Now what can I do for people in MIYAGI??
Its like a ricecake and is made of potato, tapioca flour, cheese, mayonnaise.
On June 9, I joined to Google Developer's Day.
It fascinated me and I began to develop software for the platform.
Preparing for Zombi Walk part2.
I practiced making a Zombi face.
Please look at these pictures.
I think I'm a good menacing Zombi.
I was surprised, and rushed into the bath room to wash my hand.
The prettiest sister who
Today I had plenty of time in the afternoon so I took a walk around my hometown.
I should avoid to take a bath...
It will be great if I make friends with English and Japanese speakers.
She is Korean, while I'm Japanese...
All animals I saw in Mongolia seemed comfortable..
I believe he was into it all along.
But as I graduate from high school and go to a university, I'll begin to be busy in different places, with different people and in different ways.
Elaborate pratical plans can give you a hand when you face difficulties or feel depressed and help you get rid of unexpected
It is only once a month and so it is difficult to improve with each other.
Jack Bauer always says ``What's going on!!!``:).
I would like to listen to more English through e-dramas and learn more about daily conversation and debate.
I know that I will lose my way if this situation continues.
Nevertheless, if we dare take a closer look at creativity, (and what is learning if not a fascinating mixture of experimenting, forming, shaping, producing and the like?), then we have to admit that, in the long run, success is not a bed of roses, albeit highly rewarded in the end.
Short stay in Senegal
If you have time, please give me a little advice.
It makeS me sentimEntal and moody.
Tonight, I went to a curry restaurant with my friend (s).
Do you have a favourite Japanese food? I recommend the Japanese food 'Tempura':)
At the moment, my favorite song of her's is ``If I were a boy``
It's raining
It has rained for three days, and the temperature drops to 18 degrees centigrade. It's cool now.
I got to know this web site several days ago, and I have got through some entries written by others.
I will spend some time to correct Chinese learner's entries.
She was mean, she lied to her friends, and she said her mother was dead cause she was embarrassed of her humble roots.
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada. We were all watching Teresa's last chapter together, and were hoping her to end up homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our surprise she didn't.
What was the message, be a tramp and you'll succeed?
Polaroid faced financial crisis and stopped selling instant film and instant cameras.
I regretted that Poraloid stopped selling their photography products and think if I were a rich man, I would buy the Polaroid company and continue to sell their products.
I went to the Shinagawa Station from Shibuya.
I was impressed by the superior the focus and shutter speed of the camera.
I have to pay close attention to avoid the new camera being broken by my son.
It is a rainy day today.
They are taught by one of five ALTs (Assistant Language Teachers) who work in public schooling.
I watched a DVD ``Who killed the electric car?``; this is a documentary film that deals with the history of the electric car, mainly focused on The General Motors EVI.
First is the tea ceremony room; second is the imperial room; third is the samurai room.
There is a pond in front of the pavilion.
There are many kind of foods speculiar to each country in the world.
They always recommend me doing Yoga, but I'm afraid I'm not interested in exercise.
I have to speak English at my office.
It was a little bit boring.
That is why, it would be helpful, if you could give us some advice for the evaluation of the research and provide the details about the rating scales that were used in the book.
They do not want their siblings to make sacrifices as well.
7 students paticipated in it and they were great ^ ^ Some students didn't memorize their script enough not to show it but still I thought they put in a lot of effort.
So in the train, I do things like read a book, listen to music and so on.
I wanted to listen some music in the bath room.
Besides, offering various help is a government's obligation, whether it `s necessary or not.
After work, I intended to surf again, but it was windy.
I've started studying English in Canada this month!
My summer holidays were too short, as usual;-)
The reason why my school starts on Thursday is, pupils with the grade 5 in their school reports can make a test about the whole last year to get in the next higher class.
I am learning Electronics with Informatics and Computer techniques.
The Austrian schools are very universally that we know from everything a little.
After passing all tests, I can decide to start working or go to a university.
Additionally, after 2 years work experience, I will get automatically the title ``Engineer``.
So I was surprised at how much it's changed!!
Chicken Curry, Saffron rice with Japanese pickled plum, mixed dried fruits Nan, peppermint chai with cinnamon and shochu, Japanese sweet potato wine with kabosu, an Oita prefecture produced fruit that is just like a lemon.
Mainly, Japanese teacher taught English grammer, accents and various words.
I always wanted to have a pet at home.
My mother was very sceptic of this idea, but my father fullfilled my dream by buying me a beautiful dog. I was very happy, and I spent almost all my time with my Friend.:)
But one day my dog disappeared, and now I can't find him anywhere.
I will congratulate you starting next year.
I will take the TOEFL next weekend! Oh my god!
Although I am not good at English actually, but I just want to try and to know what level I am.
I feel nervous because this is the first time I will take it.
``I know we have different values and thoughts,
In the evening I found out that he had disappeared.
And he said to me, ``I was going to break up with you, actually.`` Just joking, but when I heard this, I realized how mean I was to him..
Even though, this was bad somehow I'm still relieved
Self-censoring an event makes economy decline.
This sentence is printed on her son's T-shirt.
One day when her son's English teacher saw that T-shirt, he took pictures of it and said it was so funny!
I tried to translate it but it's a little bit complicated.
In the morning we started our walk to Fort Cunning information center to get a map.
Unfortunately, it was being renovated!
We quickly looked on the map for other restaurants and found one.
It was a nice looking restaurant on a hill surrounded by a beautiful forest.
If the restaurant had not been closed, we could have had lunch on the terrace!
The restaurant was closed every Sunday!
On the way, I happened to see a traditional Malay wedding outside.
When my wife was pregnant, ``just like all the other husband and father``, I thought everything was going to be beautiful just like on TV.
Reality is a whole lot different from imagination.
We have to learn a child's thoughtful consideration for others and frankness about it, because we know consideration and frankness always work.
When I found this, my bag had been scratched by the thief.
This is the third bag which has been cut by a thief.
My favorite manga is Dragon Ball,
I guess even if I take a vacation, I'll have to spend much time on homework.
life has no end of troubles.
I experienced the gigantic earthquake in north-east Japan.
I walked back to my house after about 50 minutes.
On the way home I saw the people filled in the streets walking.
It is not a business trip!
I'm planning to go to Izumo-Taisya on Saturday.
Wandering on the campus, green trees, colorful flowers and clear water catch your eyes, fragrant smell of flowers occupies your nose, and voices of reading aloud and singing of birds captures your ears.
It was irritating.> <,
Another boring week is awaiting for me.
Then I searched online.
If you study Japanese, I recommend it!!
I'm looking forward to seeing my family.
The restaurant was so nice, and the food was delicious.
I visitedmy cousin's house last weekend.
Some foreigners tend to think that Japanese men don `t do housekeeping at alland women work for their husbands devotedly.
That 'swhy, I want to insist toforeign women.`` Don `t feel that it is worst to get marriedwith Japanese guy!
I don't think they should mention details about the flight!
Typhoons going through Japan are not as strong as cyclones.
Tonight, I will stay in my house and won't go out.
That's why every Korean thinks they have to go to college.
The last 3 days we had very good weather, but today it's cloudy again...
adios...
A nice script: First, you must grab people's focus. What you want to say and the content determine whether people want to keep watching it.
Of course, the character designs and their actions are important.. hahaa like this octopus.. it's very cute even though it doesn't have any lines.
I would like to speak and write like a native
We studied in the same high school in Tibtet, we often communicated with each other about things like a football match, beautiful girls, foods or the CCP. Tibetan children are loyal, friendly and smart.
Sometimes I felt they were sensitive about some political topics, but for of many reason, they felt happy too.
Our high school teachers cared for them, and the ethnic Han classmates were glad to help them to study many subjects too `` `
The dinner was delicious, and we drank a bit of beer and played jokes on each other. It was a wonderful time. I forgot many annoying things temporarily. What a happy night in Beijing! ~ ~ life is cool ~ ~
My english teacher recommended that I get an English Dictionary.
The meanings of English words are explained in English.
My teacher said ``when you study english words, think of english words in your head.
I received a lot of messages from my co-workers and friends in the real world and on this web site.
My host mother plays the piano very well.
but I can't play any up tempo music like she does.
Good night.
7. 8: 2. 2 This is my work and private balance.
Public service personnel is a part of the conscription system.
I worked hard at the place and explained things to many customers.
In April, I also led the division to manage a network division.
Although I feel a bit bad, and disappointed of myself because I've decided to be more responsible with my homework and I didn't do it.
In both presentations, I didn't make an effort to get a good note and I know that I could have done it better but I didn't, but also, I didn't receive the support of my team.
On the other hand, I felt very amazed about some classmates. They did a wonderful job and I felt envious of them because I'd love to do it in the same way or better.
I have read some articles saying that some English classes don't teach good english, or that some students don't make any sense of it, or that it doesn't fit their english level.
I might be a lucky girl because I can understand English even though I don't take any lessons.
I am glad I speak English and can converse with native people.
He wanted to say he was in the middle of the campaign and said loudly, ``I have an erection now!``
I think everybody has similar minds and similar potential.
Maybe there is some research on why people fail when they try to learn language?
We have to study English now, or we won't pass an important test in three years.
There is going to be a Japanese school visiting our school.
We will have eight Japanese students in each class.
And we will teach Taiwanese history about Japanese aggression against Taiwan.
Maybe we will say something about their contribution after the Japanese were aggressive towards us.
We will do a lot of activities when the Japanese students come.
I have been quite busy the last couple of days because of my exams at the university.
It's really cool to meet a lot of foreign friends here.
So I'd like to continue my diary.
My dog ``Fal``, who is Italian gray hound, doesn't like
Some people say it not only helps to end their pain but also it helps to solve their family's economic problems.
I think they are still relevant today because history has a way of repeating itself.
That way, they can feel familiar with ancient history.
the reason that she was deprived of her custody of their first child, was she overdosed on cocaine (I forgot why she had it at the time)
About 5 seconds later she called me again to say good morning. I did not answer because we know if she calls me it means she would like to say good morning or good night.
She got disconnected from Skype yesterday while me and Tyler were talking because it is a bad connection from her country.
Before she left she did not say something to me as she usually does because she was suddenly gone.
He can't sing but he can hum and dance and and play the guitar.
If I'm a Pitcher...
For a long time, I went to Song gang Dong field in order to play a baseball game in early morning.
Then, I tried to go there, and also It was difficult to drive my car because I met a friend who lives in Seoul yesterday.
I'm a pitcher and the 5th hitter.
Our game started at 12: 00 and I was so nervous.
My beseball career is shorter than everyone's but I have good physical abilities like fast feet, strong shoulders, and endurance for any pain.
Chinese Calligraphy and Traditional Chinese Painting!
Chinese calligraphy and traditional Chinese painting both
Because it is near the station.
This year I've started to study ballet. It's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child, or at least that was I always thought, but I was lucky to have the chance.
We are doing ``Coppelia``, even though we are not professional dancers. We are adding a little bit of fun to the original play and it is going it great.
In my culture, people are not always aggressive and we are always thinking about others, as much as, or indeed more than ourselves. [1]
As far as I have heard and experienced, the culture here is that people care about themselves more than others. They are more self-centered, which I don't mean in a good nor bad way.
For example, in my country, the distance between people is less, so everything can be flexible and it depends on the relationship between the people involved.
Therefore, I always think before I act because I am not sure what the correct way to act is.
The main character traveled to Italy, India and Bali.
She met many people and found herself.
She performed meditation in India.
Friends, no matter what countries you come from and what languages you want to learn, I think we can become friends, not only for the reason of ``learning languages``.
Or does it mean ``go out with their boyfriends or girlfriends``?
The other artists are probably not known by Japanese people.
There was a lot of rap music but there wasn't one such as Eminem.
Introduce myself
Hello!!
But now, I study economics more, since my job is deeply related with economics.
My favorite football team
That is too many countries but, I'd like to visit those countriesT.
Next week I will go to a language school to improve my speaking abilities.
English speakers use high frequency.
;) I think that I have to search for a friend to converse with on skype or to help me with writing letters. Is anyone willing? (9.
In Japan, it is autumn.
These days I am reading the novel ``Master of the game`` written by Sidney Sheldon.
My friend recommended me that book and it's so interesting that I can't stop reading it.
Because his wife Marianne was dead.
Today, my roommate woke me up early in the morning because she thought I was oversleeping.
Blackouts, floods, strong sunshine and very very hot days.
I went to Japan to study, but I had never studied Japanese before.
Because I can't speak Japanese, it's hard to make friends in Japan which makes me feel so lonely, and want to give up studying in Japan.
After a long time, I did carpentry work today.
It `s so frustrating, but it` s reality.
dreadfully spicy...
Although my mother language is Chinese,
I quarreled with my friend yesterday.
The teacher made us to make sentences using simple past and past perfect continue.
S/ he then looked at our sentences and pointed out some mistakes.
I have been enjoying learning English since last year but I still sometimes feel despondent a little bit when I cannot remember how to spell a word by myself.
It always goes this way; I finally remember a new word and then want to type it next time, but then I forget again.
Now I wonder if this reason is too weak to learn efficiently, because there are few chances to use English at my job.
But I can't understand English grammar.
Yesterday was different.
Unfortunately, there was very strong rain and thunder at that time so our flight was delayed thirty minutes.
We were satisfied with our room and went to bed early so we could wake up early in the morning.
I could not explain 'a certain probability' in English when I talk to my friends.
The probability represents how many people are watching particular program in each area.
Then, if we know a certain program has high probability compare with other programs, we might want to watch the program even though we aren't interested in the program.
Today at 4 a. m., I and my father woke up because we heard the gate creaking.
Our first class usually starts at eight but on Tuesday, it starts at 10.
How to get to my car parking space from my apartment.
And I found a very exciting stastic today.
There is an oil heater in the {staff} teacher's room.
So one of the teachers brought sweet potatoes and burnt it.
is doramas, not just Japanese but also Korean, Chinese and Taiwanese. Now I have fallen in love with the Korean dorama ``You're Beautiful`` starring Lee HongKi from FT Island and Jang Keun Suk (Baby and Me, Beethoven Virus).
I got lost on the way back to my house.
So, I called a taxi.
Especially to Germany!
I'm taking the German class.
The reason I have a double major was because I could see the world was heading towards a global economy and society.
It's a little small, but it's enough for me.
In fact, I would like to look for a friend who likes using Skype and MSN and usually chats on Skype. I hope to chat with him/ her on Skype to improve my oral English, and I will teach him/ her Putonghua. I can speak standard Putonghua. If I can find a friend like this, we can make a concrete plan to help each other. If he/ she wants, except teaching Chinese, I also can tell her/ him what he/ she wants to know about China.
So, anybody who wants to learn Putonghua and will help me, contact me. Thanks. I am online all the time.
How they behave is their choice, but there aren't only gentlemen in the world.
``Judas`` by Lady Gaga and ``Toxic`` by Britney Spears
I like Lady Gaga and Britney Spears.
One of the songs is Judas and the other is Toxic.
When I was a university student, I was a member of the ski team.
Hi ~ everyone
Golden week is a group of holidays in Japan.
I think my diary needs a lot of correction.
Yeah, this is my favorite sport.
If we have class, we must go, because the teacher will check.
At work, my cell phone didn't work as the telecommunications cables were destroyed by the quake.
After I reached home, I knew the situation was much more serious in north east of Japan.
laborers will be older.
Roast beef, mashed potatoes, pine nuts roll (this is that stuffings which consists of pine nuts, flour, meat and so on is rolled into pie sheet or something) and dessert with eggnog (this is a kind of drink.
There were a lot of Lotus flowers.
I had fun and was really surprised because of my friend who called me.
In that place there's no telephone signal and no money on my phone so I did not reply recently, but then when my parents took me the city I had refilled my money and sent the message back to her.
who is my close friend I am thinking of her too while I was not in Bangkok
Hey friends do you think my new avatar looks lazy?
so just some picture and in Bangkok is okay now don't get worried I think every thing is going to be better..
A Handy Clear Folder Within Textbook (Brushed up)
I copied my text book into half size, and sort them out according to each period.
Why don't you make a ubiquitous studying environment?
But we missed the airplane!
We missed our airline.
So it's very expensive.
We took an early bath and ate toshikoshi-soba, the buckwheat noodles eaten on New Year's Eve.
My neighborsare having a party and I have been hearing Latin music since this afternoon.
This is my homework for my English writing class.
Also, my old brother attends Kongju University and his major is tourism.
The university said I passed the entrance examination.
Athlete's foot
I've got athlete's foot.
It started a long time ago. It was around my highschool days that I first got athlete's foot, so it has been almost a decade.
So I went to a dermatologist downtown.
The doctor looks careful and probably credible but since I am for now translating one doctor's book which criticizes doctors who are too readily ``putting their patients on chemicals`` I am a bit nervous.
I am a genuine fool.
I worked outside only wearing a down jacket, I shivered from the cold wind.
It is not the movie itself that made me cry, but the fact that we missed the first ten minutes, because Mam was mistaken about the time. ``
I'm writing a diary after a long time.
because I have never been there.
I went to a university that is my first choice today.
It was full of fun, and I found a way of learning English.
I don't have enough time...
I hope that everyone had been having a good time in the latest holiday.
been happy because I have a new niece. She was born on January 1st, and her name is Maria Alejandra. She is so cute.
There are many things that I have to do tonight.
I like listening to music, like every type, especially jazz, rock, and some nice soft music, some times I listen to death metal too.
and also do some reading, which are written by ppl who r not famous but special....
My sister and I were very joyful.
On the last day, my aunt gave me some Australian chocolate, a kangaroo doll, and a suit.
I had lunch at this shop.
We drank alcohol and ate Korean food at the first restaurant.
I wonder why Japanese people like to eat ramen noodles after they drink a lot of alcohol.
I think it's a very interesting place.
I always want to make friends.
I love foreigners so much.
that `s why I` m learning english.
I have tried to study Mandarin when I was in junior high school.
Chinese-characters are used in Mandarin and Japanese, so I thought Mandarin would be easier to study than other languages.
Some of meaning of chinese-characters in Mandarin and Japanese are same but some of them are not.
Although, Mandarin has four accents in one sound (I can't explain about it clearly in English, try to understand!).
I often postpone various things that need to be done.
I'm housewife, so it's convenient for me to do such a short time job.
What's is your weak point in your job
I was so upset when I was asked that, because I had not prepared for the job interview.
I will keep every Thursday for your students.
Today he went to nursery school.
Poppin is my best dancing style in which the movements are so freaky.
I recommend you watch this dance if you are interested in it or you have never watched it.
If anybody wants to know more about dance, comment me please!
In addition, corporations can, every so often, organize some recreational activities, which may let workers feel a sense of belonging.
I watched Lovely Bone.
Generally it is called a pickled plume in English.
I am going to graduate from Seoul National University of Technology this year.
Afterwards, I would like to go to a graduate school.
My daughter and I want to go to Egypt.
I will overcome many sufferings and difficulties.
I hope for an early winter vacation.
This comic is the story of MUSASI MIYAMOTO.
The idea was pleasing to the hotel's callers.
It takes about 40 minutes altogether.
It is a door that when you open it, you can get into wherever you want without moving.
My biography
He proposed all of guests (4 people) to support for this couple because it's a marriage party.
In a foreign country, is it not the custom?
I am going to visit Australia for my school excursion next February.
So, I want to improve my English skill and know (more about) the Australian culture.
and in my job there are opportunities to meet foreign visitors.
I have been at North Carolina for 2 month.
But unfortunately, my English skills still remain poor.
This temporary job ends at the end of this month.
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamiliar place.
So, I had my boss buy some vegetables for me.
After I received them last night, I kept them in the refrigerator.
However, it may cause air or water pollution and noise which comes from factory disposal.
It's because I'm connected to them.
But, there are circumstances at the organization.
My favorite movie is ``A PERFECT WORLD``.
Finally, Buch died because of a policeman acted by Clint Eastwood.
My Husband and I know that his work is very noisy, for example, cutting wood boards, color on spray and using a chain saw, etc.
I want to apologize about this problem to you and to the other neighbors.
:) I would like try using this website, but I don't know how it works
I am not a Sumo fan and don't have a favorite Sumo wrestler.
Wow, it's October NOW!
Shockingly, the room that I used to use became my father's hobby room, so I slept in the guest room but that was not so uncomfortable.
So cartoon artists work hard, out of every cartoon I love Tom and jerry
I don't have time to take a rest because I have a lot of reports to write by Saturday.
we often use Japanese grammar, but explaining is difficult.
It's an important professional cycling race.
I had lots of opportunities to have some fun and make friends. However, I did not realize at that time how precious an opportunity I had.
It's quite ridiculous to prohibit her to call, mail and to have a mobile phone even though I have no idea about the Indian way of thinking or their common sense (or this is not about Indian but just my landlord as an individual).
today I had a lot of work but I was very lazyso I am not going to work. I have to go to chess training soon so I need to sit in the sauna and take a cold shower. However, since it is winter, I must take a cold shower after the sauna and then I will go the chess training (or Chess Class) because I will play an important match next week. please pray for me to win ok
Thanks for your help to improve this passage.
Japanese is easier than English.
As soon as we finished eating, my girlfriend and I left the living room and stretched together.
What should I do if a rat-mistakenly eating the poison and suffering-jumps from the kitchen cabinet?
The ceremony about mourning the people who died from this bomb has been held every year; this year it is even more historical because the representatives from western countories participated in the ceremony, especialy the United States.
This change was due to the speech that was given by President Obama in Berlin.
What I was most impressed by, was that the Secretary General Mr.
Ban Ki-moon read a speach, speaking strongly, about how it is necessary to have a strong will to achieve world peace without Nuclear weapons.
He visited and made some speeches in Japan over those feelings.
I'm not sure how to tip at a restaurant because I've just moved to America and my mother country Japan doesn't have such a custom.
If I do 3, should I write an amount of the tip down in the bill?
Soon I will take an English exam.
I graduated from my junior college on 15th March.
I sometimes dislike her because she scolds me for not following what she says.
Yesterday was Sunday.
Next year `s symbol animal is the rabbit.
I have decided to post voice journals here, because there are only so many opportunities to speak English in my everyday life.
I went to the shopping mall because my daughter wanted to go.
Unexpectedly, I fell into the deep lane that was used only by adults.
In Japan, after having graduated from college, most of Japanese students work immediatelyand continues to stay within the company for at least 3 to 5 years.
While I took a look around in the Vietanmese mom-and-pop store, he petted my shoulder and said, ``Here you go, a Vietnamese sandwich.``
At recess today, he still pulled me to the corner again and asked me if I wanted the plums and vegetables.
He knows that I usually cooked on my own to save money.
They should use English in every situation.
Halloween party
Actually, it depends on the person.
Today I changed my hair color because my brown hair was so bad and my hair was so damaged:(I decided to change my hair color!!
Question 2, ``Where was the port that the Black Ships (called the' Kurofune 'in Japanese.
However sadly, still I still haven't worked through what I am going to do for my happiness.
That way he's always have a meal beyond midnight and talking, trying to get me to eat with him.
I wish that Korean schools were more free like foreign schools.
I studyed English from 7am to 9am this morning.
Yesterday, I started a new activity, Capoeira!
When I tried to buy the ticket for the film, I was recommended by the clerk to watch the 3D version, but I heard from my friends that some people tend to feel sick while watching 3D films.
Especially the last scene of the film, the battle between Harry and Voldemort was impressive!
I am a sales person, so it is okay since I have a contract nowadays. (I am the second person who has the highest sales.)
I mainly do the kind of simple, repetitive work that anybody could do
We're going to move to another building next week so today all of us coworkers were packing a lot of stuff.
sorry for the (irrelevant) details.
This is my first time coming here. I learned of this website from my teacher and found it to be a really good place to study English. At the same time, I want to make some friends here!
Whatever my roommates and I will solve that.
This time I know the person who can be friend or just have distance.
I lived with my parents and my elder sister who is married and raising her son and daughter with her husband.
And I'm learning Japanese tea ceremony once a week.
I'm interested in Japanese traditional culture, such as tea ceremony, kimono, and Japanese flower arrangement.
Some people wear kimono often or everyday (for example, those who are obsessed with Japanese culture, who learn/ teach tea ceremony, Japanese manners and Japanese flower arrangements...
We don't do tea ceremony in daily life except when our families or ourselves are familiar with it.
When I learn tea ceremony, I became eager to learn good handwriting, languages, behaviour, and flower arrangements.
When I learn martial arts, I become eager to learn behaviour.
As a beginner, you need to have every skill at a beginner's level.
If you go intermediate in one genre, you need to have skills which are better than a beginner's also in other genres.
I will try writing about these things I learned.
Dec 10th: Shrek 3
I watched 'Shrek 3' on TV tonight.
In fact it is very useful and has a cool design.
The Swedish man said '' Kampai '' every fifteen minutes.
After just 5 minutes, the sake bottle was empty.
Although the waves were small, there were a lot of surfers in the sea.
The shape of the Tengu was like a human being but he had wings and could fly so we adopted it as our mascot and our flight squadron's guardian angel.
Actually, each squadron's flight time for the year is assigned by our headquarters.
``Yes, just do it!``. I praised myself so much that I only ate a cup of sesame paste, a banana and an apple as my supper.
to look on the bright side!
There were a lot of people wearing costumes; they were crazy and funky.
Now, I am in the middle of preparing for exams,
He isn't famous among Japanese, because he didn't have a professional career in Japan.
It was an amazing trip due to beautiful scenery in the country.
I saw native Australian animals such as kangaroos, koalas and many varieties of birds.
The scenary was overwhelming and the company was smart and decent.
Teacher said that Expressions of frequency, speed, and duration do not use 'in'.
I work very hard and I get so tired from working from morning till evening.
I talked with my friends who live in Japan by skype after so long.
Since they have not changed a bit, I was relieved.
I listened to their story, they are still having a hard time due to earthquake and electric power plant in Fukushima.
I caught a cold...:(
And I caught a cold today.
So, I my cold goes away soon so I can avoid going to the hospital!
Hello every one!
Probably, I am not interested in that topic, my vocabulary is not enough or my English is still very poor.
We discussed about smoking.
Indian parents teach their children smoking, but their least age is 2 years old and yet, they can already smoke several cigarettes a day.
He was sophisticated like an adult and can smoke 2 cigarettes at the same time.
Parents should be responsible for their children. They must protect and guide them to a right direction.
I hope my English will get better if I could continue writing a diary in English.
I mean, we were too busy both mentally and physically to take time for others.
To solve these problems, I should relax a bit.
Yesterday I went to a Korean restaurant with my close female friends.
We were chilling out with delicious dishes and drinks.
I was invited to go skating by my friends today.
Actually my Silent Night, was really nothing special.
From the first day I cut my long hair until now, I can't remember how many times I have cut my hair.
I am a college student in China.
After the graduation ceremony for junior high school, I called at her house by using the yearbook which told me her address.
I want to introduce the Hanbok to foreigners because it is very colorful, and
I thought the hanbok was very old fashioned and not chic,
hanbok is very special.
Hello, everyone.
I want to see a lot of foreign poems.
Of course, I want to see Japanese poems too!
Please check it!
I learned a lot of new words dealing with financial vocabulary.
I got a serious headache this morning while sitting in my cubical, so I took a half day off and left work at 1pm.
Well, if anyone who happens to see this entry, and is interested in getting a Chinese New Year card, please let me know:D I guarantee the card is going to be cute, and Chinese:)
A cassette tape changed into a robot, or a gun changed into a robot...
If you get it up onto an Internet auction, collectors will buy it for half million yen. ``
Then I wanted to exhibit some things to Yahoo auction, abbreviated to Yahuoku, which is similar to eBay.
I was very busy April because of recruiting. (job hunting?)
Feeling Bodyaches
Because I have to contact another foreign buyer by phone today.
Today I'm going to write about my career.
Even if I try to find language exchange, they think I'm a boring and bothersome girl.
I couldn't stop staring at the beautiful phone,
I believe that this whole swine flu panic is steered by the media to improve the economic situation.
In my opinion, everything that has happened is very artificial.
Some Japanese office workers dream about living in the town because it doesn't have a train station, hence it's difficult to commute to business zones/ districts such as those in Tokyo.
But I chose to live in Hayama despite the long commute time, I work in Shimbashi central of Tokyo.
I went to some Yokohama ramen restaurants this time.
I will write down the list of good or famous ramen restaurants here.
She taught me the importance not to give up and we can get a happiness to keep trying.
I'm kind of a perfectionist and once I start a role playing game, I don't stop it till I perfectly complete it.
It's like an obligation to collect all the items that exist in the game and acquire all the abilities.
Usually, people in western countries will celebrate Christmas Day with enthusiasm, and as theirculture globalised, we in the east havealso started to note Christmas Day.
And it seems an honor to me that I received an apple from my little sister.
Is it true that Father Christmas will send gifts to us this evening?
I will have a chance to travel to Thailand ~
my house phone has broken down
Continuing to do something is very wonderful.
Before coming to Keelung, I heard the rumor about A City of Sadness.
I don't need money or anything, but just a response as to what you think of my idea. Would you be satisfied with it?
And this can also eliminate what causes conflicts, such as misunderstanding about their customs,
and he determined that he will do ``The last concert`` for his young baby.
The last concert was so impressived to me.
I toasted some bread with the toaster and I ate the bread without spreading anything on it.
Nara is covered by mountains and forests. About 77% of it.
Deer might attack you.
Various kinds of vegetables are pickled in a sakekasu. It has a little strong sake flavor.
See you tomorrow!
I don't know exactly when I can use ``any`` in sentence. I know it's difficult to explain.
She doesn't like to eat breakfast in the morning before she goes to school.
and also lunch.
I asked her premis (?) me to eat breakfast before going to school.
She said she premis (?) eat breakfast in the morning.
What I study at university is mainly subjects related to English, such as English linguistics, English education, American and British literature and so on.
Hi I'm a new member
My name is Luca and I'm a new member in the community.
New year's day is already over as you and I know, but I still feel like I haven't regained the energy I had last year.
and his exbition is held this year in KYOTO.
My mother tried to go there, but it is very popular and she had to wait in line for more than one or two hours...
Last Saturday, I relaxed in my home with my family.
In fact, I feel very sad, but I still need to work, eat, and so on.
Now I'm growing some scallions, turnips, and lettuce.
I think this one tastes good but my European friends don't seem to like it that much.
Anyway, when we got there, we were the only customers in this restaurant.
First, it makes me to sweat easily than what I expect before and this means that it is also helpful as an aerobic exercise.
Besides, my major is not Chinese.
I really enjoyed working over there.
Upon seeing what I bought, my little son looked disappointed because I bought more clothes for his elder brother and didn't buy shorts for him which I told him that I would buy one for him.
I am using simple English vocabulary to write this diary.
I like English very much but my English writing is too bad.
The main street was crowded with so many tourists, who came from home and abroad.
These days, I'm doing a part time job to save up for a trip to England.
Before I took the class, I only read my vocabulary notebook for about three times a week, but I learned many strategies in how to expand my vocabulary in my university.
Moreover, I put vocabulary tags on my funiture.
Ironically, these kind of movies aren't always historically accurate.
Snow causes many traffic delays here because it doesn't often snow.
Che Guevara
I watched movie about the life of Che Guevara.
I write poor English, so please teach me English.
Girls are willing to forget the surname given by their parents and follow their husbands 'surnames.
I guess you could call me (a) ``Germinese,`` but please don't call me Chimany; it reminds me of the word ``chimney.``
The typhoon is coming to Japan now.
She immigrated from Korea to America 15 years ago.
I'm breaking my record of keeping good health for at least two years:)
My mother and I took a walk this evening.
Lots of people who were playing outdoors said that this kind of scenery was really beautiful.
I think I forgot all of the grammar and vocabulary.
I take care of myself, eat right, and exercise.
Osechi!! (A Japanese traditional dish)
The purpose of my part time job for me was to eat the most delicious dish in the cafeteria.
It was delicious and its cost was low: 380yen.
But, my colleague told me that there is not a rainy season in NY and the weather this year is unlike the usual in NY.
I felt the climate in Japan was getting warmer and warmer in several years.
We can see extraordinary climate in every area across the globe.
Hello, everyone! My foreign language teacher told me about this site. I had hardly opened my laptop when I came back home and made my first diary entry. I hope I can make more new friends from around the world.
This sentense explains the children `s liking.
I was given many feasts like a sand rice ball, a sand pancake, a sand juice, a sand meat,, etc.
But you may not experience joy like that if a dying baby had not been rescued and grew larger.
Yesterday's movie is about when Shakespeare wrote ``Romeo and Juliet``.
I like this movie and I can study it.
So Shakespeare wrote a passionate love.
Today is very sunny day!
I went to interview at a Japanese restaurant.
I have to be careful about figuring out my job and the way to achieve my dream, because it is not like I'm very young, or like I have many options (since I don't have enough money).
So I will try to do my best to find my way and achieve my dream, rather than being frustrated about my poor situation.
When I was elementary school, ALT teacher from Australia showed us pictures of Australian nature, sea, koalas and so on in his class.
And I have never gone abroad and see the scenery apart from Japan.
So I saw such a scenery of picture for the first time and
Of course, Kabuki, Waka, Samurai, Yamato, Wabi Sabi and so on.
In 'The Last Samurai', which stars Tom Cruise, this idea is the subject.
Aftrer the war, we succeeded economically, but we lost our culture.
I believe this is the best chance for Japanese people to regain our identity and culture and to work together.
It's gorgeous.
I went to Costco with my friends a few days before.
My friend recommended Cheerios to me.
I picked up my husband this morning.
I thought it would be easy to get there, because today is Saturday.
We take a walk a little, then I heard dog's bark.
, we can be good friends! Please leave your message and some comments. I appreciate it!!!
There is a gold accessories store next to my store and opposite to Boost.
souvenir..
I play guitar, watch anime (yes, I `m one of_ them_>_>), and learn English.
There are so many theories in one academic field. For example, in software engineering, both Java and C + + are very useful programming languages.
In China, C + + is used more frequently than Java; consequently, teachers should pay more attention to C + +.
Students who learn more useful technology will have a big advantage in finding a job.
In some circumstances, theories in textbooks are no use in real life.
Moreover, it is better studied on campus, in a lab, not in a company,
As Bertuard Russell said, ``Experience without learning is better than learing without experience.``
Every professor in a field that offers the opportunity to work outside, should; the others may stay on campus.
For students 'futures, universities should find more opportunities to give their professors.
Yes, I'm thin-skined.
When I watched a TV program, I knew the store.
I'm a light drinker and I don't like alcohol.
Actually South Korean people usually aren't interested about/ in North Korea.
actually I didn't know about my blood relatives before I saw it.
So, he decided to go to China and go back to North Korea after finding some medicine.
I cried a few times when (while) I was watching the movie.
Thinking that if I was the man who had a sick wife but couldn't find the medicine and the food was decreasing...
The song make me remember my life, my faith is shaking, feels lost with no direction.
I can't wait to watch that, either!!
I'm looking forward to that.
I'll always smile tomorrow:)
I wanna tell the character a crucial thing.
When I approached the operating room, I heard
After she had an operation, she quickly died.
And still, I have this eerie idea I forgot about something...
American Idol, a TV program, is an good example.
For example, when estimating the number of balls in a jar or the murder rate in New York city, the errors between the crowds always be cancelled out by each other so that the average answer is often surprisingly accurate.
I watched high school musicla at first, it's very interested and powerful.
Today, I nearly slept in the midst of doing work.
I hope to have better house, earn more money, provide my child with a good education, buy what I want and go for a trip...
It is November and winter will soon come!
So many shops sell snowboards and snowboarding wear.
We went in the shops and looked at the many boards.
My height is 165cm, so I should use a board about 145-155 cms. long.
I found my favorite design.
I looked at the underside of the board.
I, of course, looked at the price tag.
At last, I found a good board.
Morton Island is the biggest island made of sands in the world so it has many deserts.
maximum: You need to pay maximum attention when you use gasoline.
minimum: I think his immediate action kept the damage minimum. (just minimum seems wierd...
I met my language exchange partner today.
Keep studying, it is hard but really essential
In addition, he recommended me to read many books, not only Japanese literature but also foreign ones.
This would broaden my outlook on life.
I heard about this web site from my co-worker today.
I'm very excited to learn this system, and I'm looking forward to trying it out!
That's my favorite team.
I'm always surprised by people here who keep their journals in a foreign language.
I envy them.
When we met, we didnt know where the ``budaezzigae`` restaurant was.
So we walked to look for the restaurant for an hour.
We found the restaurant in the end.
I caught a cold
Those are symptoms of a cold.
I caught a cold today:(
Some of my friends have been to concerts and they all say they enjoyed them soooooooo much, and whenever I hearthem say anything like that, I envy them so much.
Kagawa who plays for Borussia Dortmund in Germany got the goal.
It was beautiful goal.
The consective holidays, an event which lasted for about 10 days, was over.
Consequently, we now have a hard time living economically
So I will write messages this week.
The government imposed a tax on carbonated drinks (like Coke), and every food has a label indicating nutrition, especially trans-fat.
As they heartily congratulated us hearing our news, I was very relieved.
By writing down the daily events, I also aim to review each day and make the next day better.
Now I can concentrate my attention on the final examinations and essays.
Tomorrow is my birthday. I can't wait to know what suprise my classmates might give me.
I believe that tomorrow will be an unforgettable day because of my lovely friends.
When I began running, especially longer distances (it took me awhile to build up to that, though), I would go to bed and welcome the sweet release of sleep.
Yes, I am writing this diary with a brand new PC!
It takes 30 minutes from here to Tokyo.
I registered for this site to study language. My friend recommended
My teacher is an amusing guy. He asked Turk to teach us Turkish, and asked me to teach them Chinese.
After the class, I bought a bottle of local wine (a kind of sparkling white wine which has low alcoholic strength) in order to celebrate X-mas.
Hokkaido Pollock
Today, I offered Hokkaido pollock to our Chinese client.
because Japan has a large quantity of pollock, but the market is small.
My Chinese client will sell the pollock to the Chinese market.
Yesterday, we had a tournament but unfortunately we weren't able to win.
As soon as I entered thepub, I drank soju (korean alcohol).
Well, that's nice and full of sunshine and sweet smiles.
All the beautiful things depressed me.
After graduating from college, I want to go to France to study for my Master's degree.
I caught a female beetle on my way home from the office despite that there are not many trees around here.
I went to my friend's house.
I like spicy food such as kimche that is Kolean food.
It contains lots of red chilies
But I still want to write it, because maybe I can have a good experience.
I'll see in the future....
I'll eat at a restaurant in the department store.
but first, I will go to Starbucks.
I read books, write daily and study English in there.
The dog's story is broadcast by NHK radio and an English course on TV.
Some runners give up without finishing the race due to extreme dehydration and low blood sugar.
Yes, this race is difficult because runners run almost 20 km.
Especially, this race is separated 10 sections between Otemachi, Tokyo and Hakone (5 sections for one way), and runners must run 850 meter above sea level in the 5th section.
And the reason why I am so attracted to this race is that the runner's perseverance encourage me to persevere no matter what happens.
but when I read the diary about my ex-girlfriend, I decided to update my diary,
I didn't answer him, because I knew that he just wanted to remind me that I should be serious about dancing, and not be worried about anyone else's opinion.
Also he is very smart and good at architecture and history.
We can speak to them and teach them what is wrong and what is right and in the long term that will be more effective than hitting them.
Trouble is kind of a trademark of children.
I have to go to university now.
Is American English pronunciation different from British English one?
Later I helped two friends to correct their Chinese writing.
* Do experiment (changing the medium)
There are chain restaurant whose types of foods aren't so different from those at Macdonalds.
I yearn after them, because they have blond hair, and blue or brown eyes, and high noses, and they have very good style.
Okay, I am going to listen to an English drama first, starting with ``Friends``.
I enjoyed the food, the nature and the festivity of the small town very much.
but I prefer Chinese.
We cannot use the exact words (we would like) to express ourselves. hat's more In addition to that, most of the grammar we learned in high school has been forgotten.
I have a lot of friends from Lang-8.
They gave me the power to study English. They would cheer me up and make me feel warm inside. I will now read a book and comeback to use my computer again.
Although there are some opinions that cars have many profits, I think that they have had a greater negative impact on various things than a beneficial impact.
There are two reasons: harming the environment and decreasing a chance of communication.
The first reason is the environment being harmed by exhaust gases.
The exhaust gases from cars affect the environment in various negative ways.
The second reason is a decrease in opportunities for communication.
But I think it is unprofitable for us to continue using them.
It's quite different from the standard Paintball in most part to its rules and military characteristics like tactics, strategies, missions and moves.
I am quite disappointed.
I bought a book called the 4-hour week from Amazon and I am impressed with the speed of the buying process
She's also been vaccinated every year.
Today, I will meet a college student who is looking for a job.
She is eager to research many kinds of jobs.
The above was made by his mother (my wife, of course).:-)
Recently I can't take pictures.
I have pain throughout my body because of it.
and I am really looking forward to seeing you sometime in the coming next couple of months.
Anyway, happy birthday sweet heart! (dear friend)
Actually, she would have left the day before, but because her plane had engine trouble, she had to stay there for one more night.
This week I've been relaxing, I went to Uni., stayed home, ordinary days...
There will be a party organized by ``Bape``-the famous Japanese fashion brand-@ ``Club World`` in Koyoto.
Something but not empty in my heart
I was depressed today.
I felt lonely.
Use my time efficiently!
I thought the answer was (a), but the answer is (c).
Because of this, I set aside time to exercise.
Fortunately, I have a VIP card, so I enjoyed a discount of 10%.
I don't have time now because this year I have exams...
I used to learn English, Japanese, and French.
Fortunately it is easier to learn Chinese characters for Japanese, because we use them in our language.
We improted the Chinese characters to our language hundreds of years ago, and the meaning of most of the words are still the same.
I'm lonely.
I wrote a letter today.
Is that right?
Studying English
She lives in US, and is studying to be a nurse.
She was growing up with adopted parents.
She says that being alone is comfortable.....
Her character is cheerful.
I think she will have a happy life.
Fortunately, I passed the 1st test at Korea University Medical Center.
The 2nd test is agroup interview so it's more important than 1st test.
I wrote not long ago, because I got discouraged by learning English.
Recently I had depression because I didn't see the meaning of life.
I heard in news that many Russian people drowned because they were swimming in the river while drinking vodka to cool down.
Is this global warming effect?
It tasted yummy because it was free.
I forgot to bring a toothbrush.
So after that, I mailed her ``I know your kind heart and ability to chat sincerely``.
There is Chinese cabbage, spinach and Japanese radish in the fridge.
Of course, I like Euclid as the great mathematician.
because commuting by train becomes very hot and makes me feel bad!!
I'm looking forward to my friend's marriage!!
I think the hotel gets (/ holds) a lot marriages per day.
I was so excited.
My husband was a systems engineer, but he quit his job last year and has been preparing to become a physical training instructor (physical trainer).
Today I cooked Spaghetti Bolognese for lunch and baked a sea bream, tai [?] with vegetables for dinner.
My husband tore his Achilles 'tendon on the 9th of October, and he hasn't been able to work for two weeks.
One colleague's husband who is an IT consultant, said to me.
But I'm embarrassed to say that THANK YOU for raising me until now.
Today I made spaghetti.
Whenever I make spaghetti, I feel proud of myself.
I was shocked when I saw this changes in Alice.
Today is a beautiful day. I woke up at 9 o `clock, and had more delicious food for breakfast.
In the afternoon, I surfed the internet.
That was tough for a single girl in China.
Although they've already brokenup, their music is cheering people up.
I've been studying until now, for about 3 months.
There was a lot of delicious food,
some drinks like champagne, wine and beer
& pleasant conversation& Dancing!
Wow I hadn't known about this brilliant site.
North and West Europe composed the largest portion of immigrants to Australia with 34%.
From these pie graphs, immigrants moving to Australia consisted of almost half of the new population in 2001 (,) although there was no significant growth in the total population.
I met my friend in on-line messenger r 2 days ago.
I think that I want to eat it sometimes.
I sometimes make mistakes when I write English.
It's actually not a long time after that thing, but it's seemed to be a very long time for myself.
About love, Respect yourself, that's the most important thing I learned, if you want to give, just do it, never expect anything back but respect yourself, rub her/ him the right way is not the way you should do, be yourself.
I'm very happy that my first diary entry had been correctedby Lang-8 friends so soon.
does anyone know UNY? I usually sell
Can I say ``Every time I have to be the cashier.``?
It means ``I have to work as a cashier too.``
I had to translate to Thai the word ``craigslist`` but I can't find its meaning..
How do I pronounce it?
We have to make lots of friends when we've done those things because we could get more information on Vietnamese culture.
But there is one thing we should be careful to do and that is to take care of each other.
I LIKE hanging around people who like them ~!!
This picture is of my grandmother
Kailan ka ba pupunta doon?
A Total of 200 people participated in the session.
I that I had caught a cold this morning, so I was in a bad mood when I had our hand-painting class.
I was so excited, the adrenaline rushing to my head.
That night, I couldn't sleep at all, because I was so excited.
Not sleeping on the transf (p) ortation is a kind of my bizarre habit.
no matter how I finish this research
I can't explain.
Can you explain to me?
Tomorrow is the 16th.
If it passed a year, it is 380th.
The waitresses had to be so strict to control the time that a person took eating a meal
The subjects were various, such as about experiences from jobs to the funny things.
My nephew is coming home.
It was the book I had borrowed once but failed to finish reading because the due date was up.
Today I just watched the latest episode of 'Gossip Girl.' What pleases me is that I think the story is going back to normal. I mean, the last couple of episodes have been kind of ridiculous.
And in fact, I would never have the lives like theirs.
Nate, one of the characters in 'Gossip girl,' said, ``Growing up, I never knew what I was supposed to be...``
This moive is really famous in Thai.
The man who running on the elephant is really good at (kick?) boxing and did not use a stunt man...
When you come back to your country maybe you should work for a few years to prepare for studying at university.
In my opinion, travel or work for a year will give the students a lot of experiences that will make them successful in the future.
This week, we'll return to lighter meals.
The item which is used for erasing pencil writing is called 'eraser' in America, and 'rubber' in England, right?
This sound file was made by me and my American friend who is learning Japanese.
We, for the first time, actually talked to each other.
Even my brother, who never remembers the date of my birthday (but you can see it's not a problem)), told me that everything that I paint sucks and presented me with a picture.)
I did mathematics and Japanese. It was fun that I did homework.
I ate a yummy bar of chocolate
write your five items in the comments, if it isn't difficult for you =)
I can learn not only English communication but also business skills like how to be a good facilitator and how to negotiate effectively.
There were many games, such as, Hula-Hoop Throwing Game (a competition on how long they throw), Catching Paper With Chopsticks, Scooping Water Walloon, Dropping 1 Yen Coin to the bins in an aquarium tank, Pitching Game, and so on.
And there was a booth giving snow cup with syrups as a present to those who played three games.
So, if the school is a member of this neighborhood community,
Imagine you want to buy a melon for 500 yen (fixed price). You have 100 yen coins, 50 yen coins and 10 yen coins.
How to learn the fundamentals of other languages
The first step in studying language
I struggled to find the way to learn other languages efficiently. (or effectively).
I didn't have enough money to go to a language school,
After 5 years of looking, I found one of the ways to understand the foundation of other languages.
I think we have to fill our brain with the fundamental sentences of the new language.
When we have to use the language,
the sentences will appear automatically.
To fill up your brain with the sentences,
This text explains the way of fundamental training.
Of course the method can be applied to other texts containing fundamental sentenses with CD
I'm looking forward to the day that I can explain the effectiveness of this method for gaining ability in foreign languages.
However, it was not planned and there was evidence.
Spending a foreign festival like Christmas in a ``foreign`` place seems very interesting.
And that means the exams are right around the corner.
Perhaps it is due to our education system-you come to school to study, the school gives you a mark on your paper.
Impartiality is what everyone pursues, but no one really succeeds.
I live in Incheon with my family and puppy.
I go to Hanshin University.
Sometimes I forgot to do, because of my busy work, or heavy drinking...
Canada Dollar shaped chocolate!
He wears glasses, and always wears cotton pants.
The next day, a reunion party will be held and I will meet my old classmates at my elementary school.
I develop new products of air conditioners making use of the technologies I have learnt these days.
Therefore, I go to Kyoto several times a year with my family.
Article 131.-The Federal Government shall formulate and keep the Risk Chart on water basins updated, in order to set in place the disaster prevention programs, which shall include soil and water conservation works as well as flood management.
The method of the Muslim funeral is the burial.
But in the case of Japanese Buddhism, it cremates a corpse and puts a bone in a pot by using chopsticks.
The cremation is decided by a law in Japan, and the burial is permitted only in some areas.
I absolutely love English and I need more practice talking with native English speakers, so I would love it if you add me to your Skype list.
Today, my university finished first semester.
First, I want to go to Wakayama, (comma)
I've decided...
I am posting another text bloq.
For ``Domesctic Sewage``, Sao Paulo reported the highest figure of these countries with 65%, followed by Taipei (50%) and New York (41%).
Aside from them, Tokyo reported ``pesticides`` as the water pollutant with 31% whereas the amount was much smaller in Sao Paulo and New York with only 9% and 6% respectively.
Tokyo also showed a higher percentage of ``Erosion`` with 23% as well as ``Domestic Sewage`` and ``Phosphates in detergents``, which were higher than that of other coutries.
There are significant differences between the four pollutants in the three cities.
I'm bored
Sometime I laughed, sometime I cried.
Anyway, today is Rodrigo's birthday.
Happy Birthday, Rodrigo!!
cheap, the engine sound is quiet, the interior is kind of clean, and the exterior has
a few problems, even though it is old and has high mileage.
There are 3 big problems, oil leaking, radiation, and Brake pads,
Snowing around here was very rare.
Now, it's a beautiful day today
I love this site, and I want to make friends through it.
I remembered my past work until now and inputted it to the Excel.
This activity was interesting because I was able to discover my work style and my strengths and weaknesses.
Nice cut designer
They are usually cooked in Sukiyaki, Tempura, and so on.
I'm not sure where we're going, but we'll be sure to go somewhere where we can have king crab. My boyfriend may not want to go, because he always feels tired. He's yawing at the moment, but I will make him come along.
There are old temples and historical places.
We decided to call a salvage company to haul them away.
I heard muscle is heavier than fat.
Exchange language
My interpersonal skill for English is better than my writing however I need more practice.
I don't mind if your interpersonal skill for Spanish is not very good, I think that if we work together, we can improve our qualities.
Do you often use formal words and with a straight face on your usual conversations?
People said he has such nice manners.
I saw pictures about that.
Probably, I will become addicted to this SNS and try to upload my dailies (daily thoughts?).
Does it furthermore mean that you ``make them sad`` or ``hurt their feelings``?
It `s my first time on this website, and I don` t know how to use it appropriately, but I hope that I will meet new friends and they will help me.
I would like to speak English fluently, but I do not have friends who speak English, so I have been learning English for several years, and my knowledge is still not enough!!!!
And in my research activity about oncology, I thought I didn't have any choice but to enter a med school to study the medicine.
Eventually I became a medical student.
(In Japan, in February there are entrance exams for most universities.)
Snow fell yesterday early in the morning but it melted.
my favorite coffee is always ``Today's Coffee``.
Of course, I have a cup of delicious coffee when I go to there,
but my real reason for going is not only todrink coffee.
To my surprise when I came to his house, it was very clean.
Today is Thanksgiving day, and I am at my friend's house.
I've taken a nap at least 7 hours in the last 4 days, and I eat my fill every day.
And we will have to go to the another shop which is near my house.
I went to catch squirrels last Sunday. The rain made the hillsides became a little wet, so we should watch our step and tried not to fall down.
We all went to a summer festival held in Mukaigahara which was held at a nursery school near my house.
I've been listening to his songs recently.
I like Masaharu Fukuyam too, they are similar.
One of my favorite movies is ``Innocent Steps`` which was produced in korea.
After I woke up, I went to a Thai restaurant where a my friend works.
One of my friends began to study English and he introduced this website to me.
I love languages, in particular, the sound of English.
Umm, sorry, I'm negative today, isn't it?
I felt that I need to improve English for listening and speaking.
Luckily, I finished my exam already, and I can celebrate Christmas wholeheartedly
I think you should decide to keep the maintenance time on a regular basis, because a lot of people have signed up to this site lately and you will have to keep the configuration simple and clear all the time.
I am practicing listening to English.
So I told him that he should work on it little by little every day from the beginning.
Of course, he won't be able to prepare for the test on the first day after the holiday...
I found this good website and I thought it can help me learn english better.
Please, reply for me!
And now, I'm going to play on my home court because I need to practice for the match tommorrow:)!
Its design is very good.
I always listen to their English conversations, but I still can't fully understand (white and black people's English are very difficult to understand for stupid Japanese) lol.
I would add a little soy sauce and natto, too.
They had a grand-daughter, Mashenka.
Her-friends wanted to go to the forest for mushrooms and berries.
I bought coffee, patbingsu, and pizza.
My older brother is Sin.
My first day with a foreign friend on the internet
Thanks to globalization, a Taiwanese person and a Japanese person can chat in English, we are able to communicate on the internet even though our mother tongues are different.
Looking back on my past entries, I'm pretty surprised how horrible my English was, and at the same time, happy to see improvements in myself.
I recommend this movie.
In this context, the word, ``clutch`` functions as an adjective in order to describe
I believed what you said completely at that time... ``I thought to myself.
My personality is easygoing and outgoing.
If someone has any question, just ask me.
I'm too lazy to customize my page with HTML, and some pages have too many applications.
I wish I had friends who could speak English!
I had some vegetable juice.
Not only because Chinese New Year is coming,
I'm listening to good music.
She makes beautiful, exciting music and performs perfectly.
An expert said, ``When you say negative words to yourself, your brain has only negative images.
My office needs to help many customers? So, Saturday and Sunday are working days for me.
Now I'm writing a journal at Urawa Central City Library while sitting beside a large window.
I `ve been feeling bad for the past 30 minutes.
Welcome back, robins!
We were looking forward to seeing the pair raising a brood.
I wish my English writing skills would get better
Sorry, I can't write English well tonight because I'm drunk and
I want to play paintball next holiday..
because my house is situated near the sea
I'm tired of translating from Chinese to English, so I'm writing this diary without translating.
I know my English is very poor, but I really like learning it.
So I decided to resume my studies by writing in my diary here.
This made me recognize that communication to others, especially people not only Japanese, is very fun.
Several months ago, I went to Mount Tai with a friend of mine and her mother.
but our family didn't have buchimgae.
fm is a language study site.
I took an examination in Physics today.
But I still have tests in, mathematics, English, German, and electric circuit.
I know it's not that big of a deal, but I wanna stay in shape.
Ukraine has a very old history. Many tourists from other countries come here!!
We have many places where we can spend time together!
I hope you will help me with my English.))
It is said that he killed a British 22-year old woman who was an English teacher living in Japan.
I'm a newcomer.
I hope someone can see it and help me by
modifying my article or introduce a good way of improving English.
I must learn English, but everyone knows my level is too low.
When I was a junior high school student, my English class teacher laughed at me, because my pronunciation was unique for him.
hope I can bear to live in another province or city.
My teacher asked us to write a personal statement, and she showed us some examples in which there were various tragedies such as parent divorce, serious illness, and car accidents.
I 'm intrested in history, literature, sport, geography, religious etc.
I haven 't done too many interesting things recently, because I' ve been so busy in connection with the end of the semester at school but winter holidays are close;)
I've been 2chan mad for a decade, and I deeply like Futaba Channel, which influenced 4chan's culture and structure.
Compared to 2chan, their hatred seems disorganized.
On 2chan, they attack mainly weak people. Especially Koreans or Chinese in Japan, integrated people, women, and anyone with a percieved weakness.
Hello, everyone, I have come back.
and then read it again after one has finished finished writing it.
No doubt, it is kind of traditional Confucianism.
For my part, I firmly believe that one who has a kind-heart should be given a reward or aapplause.
London has so many people and it's too expencive...
I can read Japanese but can't type in Japanese...
I have sooo many stories to tell about Monaco.
I have an enjoyable time each lesson, In addition I feel comfortable when I carry out the procedure for making tea.
In Japan, there are not any traditions of having a long summer time vacation, as in France.
I think I am oversleeping.
I can't believe a song could make me feel so sad. It had really nice lyrics though.
I was so happy as well that I still could a friend who still remembered me after one year.
I felt a bit sorry, however, they smiled at me and said ``Eat more:) although there wasn't plenty of food
I could make friends with many people through being a volunteer.
So, I `ll study hard and find something interesting about economics.
Strangely, many people don't understand that sometimes a man watches it just alone and some people feel shy (about it).
So I revise the lessions I have learnt during the holiday.
I'm afraid I can't be the best in our class.
I Wish I can get a good result.
I bought juice which was a fruit and vegetable mixture, I thought it could improve my immunity, but it was too cold, and I had to mix hot water in. The funny thing was that I couldn't measure how much hot water I needed, so the mixture was either (too) hot or (too) cold, which made my throat (even) more uncomfortable T_ T.
After three years I listened to his music again because one of his music videos, ``man in the mirror`` I was shoked by this video, I didn't know what to say, I was impacted. Comment: Me too
I found that I hadn't see all his music videos, I didn't really know him, afterward I read some information about him.
If you would like to learn Cantonese or Chinese, I can help you.
I wonder what clothes are suitable for guests.
I heard Americans give the couple presents from a wish list. Is this true?
I highly recommend the film as well.
I like photo booth machines, so I always take a photos inside them.
I'd like to know if there are photo booth machines in foreign countries.
They seem to enjoy taking the photo.
Until before, I heard my recorded voice but my voice is a little bit strange to me and I felt ashamed and funny.
Please proofread it.
Especially they often have an original or special lunch.
UNIQLO and Their Business Strategy
One of their feature items is the so-called 'heat tech inner.``
In my opinion, what he said is true. However, when you are at the top, you are also responsible for your co-workers and their family.
You may need financial support from your parents. Some people succeed very easily because of their family.
Now I just read the latest news that UNIQLO has announced that they are going to change their company's common language to English from 2012-2013 in order to keep up with global growth.
I find that Chinese exams are more difficult than English exams.
which language should I choose?
German-I have learned/ studied it for one year, but I can only read without understanding its meaning.
They were very embarrassed about this. It was very funny.
By the time I get married, I will have gone to Este six times.
My First Sign-In
If you understand my meaning and I know what you mean then that is enough.
What do you think of this supplement?
and diabetes. This supplement is just like an all-around medicine.
compare someone who shares the bad and good
but, most of all my best friend is like me in every way.
Recently, the junkyard where I work is very dull.
The customer was so delighted/ enraptured that he advised the old woman to change the name of the shop from 'Kakegawa-local power rice cakes' to simply 'Cat rice cakes' to attract customers to the business.
In a sense a customer named their specialty 'Cat rice cakes'.
I think non-licensed writers should be appreciated more.
There was not a tsunami afterward today though,
-The size of his house gave me a shock.
-As far as I know, most Korean and Japanese people know what the ``general character of each blood type`` is and I think they take its significance seriously.
I'd like to communicate with the English-speaking users and start to study English right now.
So don't hesitate to contact with me.
I'm Going To Go To Costco
Have you ever gone to Costco?
What do you recommend?
Please don't change all of the sentence into new sentences...
Though some people believe a considerable proportion of rural students would put great effort into learning, it is manifest that there really is a phenomenon that rural students are more prone to have difficulty entering university.
When I was a kid, I stayed at my grandpa and grandma's house every month.
After bathing, he always took his tooth out of his mouth.
I told my mother about this after I grew up, she laughed.
The woman in the video, whose name is Aum, is really popular in Thailand. Men love her because she looks sexy.
My sons received their presents from Santa.
and I believe I can do it!!
GUNDAM (RX78-2)
What singers do you like in Japan?
To tell the truth, I went to Vienna for a school trip last summer and saw some of Otto Wagner's buildings.
This post office, the Savings Bank, is one of the World Heritage sites in Vienna.
I don't wanna work anymore...
I was born and raised in Japan.
My dream is to have my own shop.
I'm studying English and Chinese.
I didn't have any experience doing the tasks required of the position.
She asked about my salary expectation and how I could think I worth that much money.
She said my expectation could be reached after I work for 2 or 3 years and I have to work from the most basic position.
The problem was that my expected salary was the common standard in graduates.
Since I go to a remote place I have not been before this is a good exercise.
It does not cost us a lot of money to go cycling.
Study abroad is necessary to speak a foreign language skillfully??
The year before last and last year I passed the first test but failed the second test.
I hope to pass the second test this year.
Yesterday I made new friends at Lang-8 and I got my first correction on my entry ~
I had to clean my room before Chinese new year.
It was very exciting, important, happy, and peaceful for me.
I'm not good at English.
English is very important communication tool for talking to each other.
He is a famous Japanese musician and a guitarist.
He appeared on various TV shows, movie and CM.
Since at that time, I respect him.
I study English. (^. ^)
I start studying EngIish today.
I'm not sure if it works but I really want native speakers to point out which words I don't pronounce correctly.
The recent trend at my company is: ``Our company will take the customer experience to the next level using digital technology.``
But now is the time to use IT for developing a closed loop relationship between our stores and the customer.
anyway I went to the mountain which is famous for rock climbing a week ago.
we are feeling happy at first, but the higher we reach I got difficulties in breathing> <.
Finally, we arrived at the top!!!
I cooked curry with a pressure cooker at last night.
We went to a bomb shelter and listened some stories from Okinawa people and visited the museum.
I went to one of the most famous aquariums in the world, a beautiful sea park and the castle influenced by both China and Japan authorized as a world heritage building and so on.
I enjoyed diving.
According to official information, Tokyo will be having a big earthquake
Recently I started to prepare evacuation equipment, food, towels, toiletries
On the other side, you know, asians are little conservative sometimes, they control their emotions, but if something sad were to happen, they go out of control, and become temperamental.
It's (both) nomal and abnormal to you,
If you can find any mistakes in my diary, please indicate.
But, something bad happened after taking my baby to a park with my mother-in-law.
I know she really likes talking, and she was really happy to show her grandkid to her neighbors.
After studying, I had a meeting for the shodo club.
trip (Vietnam, Guam)
Do you know Lady GaGa?
for example, MAC, Lunasol, RMK, and so on.
I usually push the reset button each time when I boot my PC.
I want to see ``Avatar`` and ``Alice`` some day.
We must think about having a good time for welcoming club members next year and so on.
One was a cream cheese layer which was heavy, and the other was a strawberry layer which was sweet and sour.
That's why you have to organize your work so it will be comfortable for you.
I decided to make a necklace using power stones.
The dessert I had was so good!!
We agreed it's best for us to break up and concentrate on our dreams.
After get back home, I am so sad because I notice she doesn't call, send E-mail, talk by skype anymore.
Tomorrow is a holiday!!
I was punished by my ever so strong inclination to procrastinate and procrastinate.
I went to a Japanese restaurant there with my host family.
The menu of the restaurant includes Sushi!!
came back after 3weeks
I was looking for the other one attentively. I looked into my bag carefully, turned back to check on the ground, but I failed to find it.
What was the happiest moment in your life? Workaholic guy.
The happiest moments in my life are when I achieve something at work.
For example, I felt happy when I won a sales award at my workplace and I feel happy when customers give me a perfect score on a customer's survey.
I like my job as a sales person because I can contribute to customers 'business.
Working very hard is a part of Japanese culture and we can feel our happiest when we devote ourselves toward a customer's success.
I could see water from the sky covered the trees around my house.
The day before yesterday I went to watch a movie with my friend around my house. I was really scared and enjoyed it.
Do you like scary movies???
Of course, Most are from China,
In particular, writing and speaking skills.
Today, I found this SNS and. wrote a letter
read the paper and said ``your english not enough``
This is one of my favourite tracks/ songs from this album.
My College Life ~ ~
I major in Japanese, which is supposed to be a time-consuming subject.
At the beginning of college life, I considered taking part in some clubs, and filled in some forms to hand in.
They're all older than me, so I often receive useful help from them, and I am grateful for it.
After I got used to college life, the place which full of challenges, I began to think of how to balance the time between studying and life.
lots time everyday.
I attended a Japanese Speech Contest and won a prize.
And from now on I will try my best to become a successful college student, no matter how many difficulties comes.
Then I want to get my driver's license.
I think my memory is too bad, so I don't like to remember words.
The baby refused everything but the sugared yogurt and then the little scary fiend burstout crying, my friend said.
I have the same experience actually, so I could understand totally how much she was embarrassed.
I felt guilty so I hugged him for a while.
The situation that the babies 'mother saw seemed peaceful and perfect.
You have to know how much your little daughter was stubborn!!!
Tokyo Disneyland!
Yesterday, I went to Tokyo Disneyland with my friends.
Although we could ride only three attractions because it was very crowded,
YOSAKOI is a powerful dancing competition and it encourages people.
However, it is necessary to revise the policy on electronic power, given the disaster of the nuclear accident caused by the Great Tohoku Earthquake.
The main character Annie, who is twelve, likes running and drawing.
Recently, I'm into DIY.
My sister `s boyfriend has sent me an invitation for this online game.
When I started playing it, I felt bored, because I have played Travian before which was an exciting game.
There is wood and other four luxury materials from the other islands, so you can bring just one of them.
There is researc, where you can invent new buildings and other extras, there are gods (this is a ancient Greek game), you can attack other players, and build new colonies in other islands, so you need to buy ships and build battleship.
If you feel like playing, I can send you an invitation to the hungarian servers 'Lambda' and 'My':)
and I'm new member on lang-8, I hope I can find some friend who can teach me some languages, and of course correct my English.
Now when I try to say something in English, Japanese always comes to my mind first, although I still can't use (speak?) Japanese fluently.
My level is lower intermediate.
Yesterday, I went to an Italian restaurant with my wife and my Korean friends who are a couple.
None of us can speak English well, but the funny thing is, we could communicate very smoothly because the pronounciation of English that my Korean friends speak was easier to listen to than a native American one.
Mistakes my Korean friends made were very similar to mine, such as tense and singlar/ plural.
He always said that I should practice Japanese more while I am in Japan, because it's hard to find a Japanese to practice with you in Taiwan.
I study English very hard, I got 90 points which is over average about 30 points in every exam, and I like dancing (jazz), I can do it well.
In a word, this gold was golden for the movie market.
By the way, I will have fun with my family during golden week.
As it happened, my wife-to-be did not have a TV either.
Yesterday, it was my boyfriend's 24th birthday.
But in my opinion, all time is very important to me.
I need to earn more money so that I will make my wife have a wonderful life.
I cannot believe I managed to live there before.
Our teacher asked everyone to choose a foreign paper, and interpret it into Chinese.
He listened quietly.
Sometimes he says his opinion and I listen to it.
This picture was taken in a zoo
I heard that people in other countries are very interested in internships.
This was my first lesson at the art therapy class.
) During our first lesson, The teacher told us, ``Please image your life five, ten, and twenty years later. Even when you are an old person, then draw the different periods.``
When I became conscious, it was nearly 6: 00AM.
The teacher told me that my daughter is not good at saying the multiplication for 3X8 and 2X6.
My son who is 9 years old, doesn't like doing (his) homework.
I have thought of new good tastes that don't sell in Japan.
I hit my head hard on the floor so I feel a bit woozy.
And so, I have to study some foreign languages.
If you have an interest in cooking and studying German, read it, please.
My daughter is one year and three months old.
Wearing shoes is strange for her, I guess.
In the afternoon I did my laundry, baked muffin and studied for the test which I wrote about in this diary yesterday.
I'm going to go to bed earlier today and I will wake up at 4: 30 tomorrow as usual, in order to prepare for the beginning of next week.
I think I can keep good rhythm for my lifestyle this way.
I like drawing with a ballpoint pen
When I was a child, I often used a ballpoint pen for drawing.
The ballpoint pen is thus useful for me.
If you finished a medical college you have to be able to diagnose this case.
Suddenly I felt something strange, and she looked ill.
The way she sings made me think so, and she seemed to be very confident to sing and enjoy singing and such.
But I really enjoyed this race and
I tried to move it to a safe place, but before I did, it got up and started to walk.
They are little Einsteins, totally free and always eager to learn new things.
Of course you have to be careful not to force them to do things which seem/ are meaningful to grown-ups but don't mean anything to kids), and you shouldn't expect any immediate results.
What is an appropriate subject for small talk?
However, we shouldn't talk about money or private things such as politics and religion unless they mention it first.
There are many advantages to small talk.
Everything stands on its head.
This year we are repairing and liming our home together with my son.
As the population density increases, various problems arise: air pollution, water pollution, lack of water, waste disposal, and energy consumption.
He enjoyed the long slide.
But as I have been exposed to a lot of kinds of English on the net,
Even though they have Indian accents they seem to be okay to work and live in America or other English speaking countries as members of society.
Are you interested in the news?
It's very difficult to understand all the information, for example, political, economic, and societal problems.
Some of my friends don't even know who the the prime minister is in my country.
I was really surprised and shocked.
We eat fancy dinner (actually I eat KFC) and cake, and drink sparkling wine
Today is my birthday, but just like every year, nothing special or important happened the whole day.
I think maybe because people are busy with enjoying their summer holidays against the extremely high temperature.
I always feel it is difficult to talk about my work,
Besides, if you leave Obi just tied simply, it'll be loose because the cloth of Obi is broad and thick, so it needs to be dealt with so that it'll keep in place for a long time.
I didn't go out except when I needed to get food from the shops.
But in this case, I used soy sauce.
But, I think it is necessary to relax occasionally.
I was hurt by a strong team, which is the top team in my town.
Finally, I decided to keep playing baseball.
My teammate told me that ``You are abnormal and you should see a doctor.``
Preserved flower lesson
The rabbit wearing green clothing is an easy-going guy.
I saw a movie yesterday, because I felt like seeing one.
My roommate recommended ``Skyline``.
UNIQLO is a brand name; its corporation's real name is The FAST RETAILING, established in Ube city in Yamaguchi prefecture in the western area of Japan.
UNIQLOCK was published about a year ago, and is popular among geeks and people who are fashion concious. It is known as a very fashionable and technical screensaver.
I think you will be surprised by the music and dancing.
I know it's important that I keep studying English to improve it.
I will start studying by podcast from now on!
Today's first diary entry:
My co-worker's daughter has been infected by the swine fl
I hope the Swine flu issue will pass soon..
So if you want to study Chinese and your native language is English, you can contact me.
Leave your email address or send a text!:)///
After that I could meet him at around 7: 00pm.
It was the first time in almost 2years.
Every time I drink beer or some alcohol, I always feel like going to Karoke!
I should be careful for not drinking too much beer...
These days, dangerous lads were sneaking everywhere.
But I believe that God helps me all time.
Those are very healthy.
Thus, women play an important role in the labour force.
I wrote this entry preparing for the writing part of the IELTS.
Current Japanese custom of Saint Valentine's Day is changing that girls give chocolate to their boyfriend for that girls give it to their friends.
My Wacom Graphire3 tablet (computer drawing tool)
Therefore, I decided to change school to improve my English ability.
My new school is just close to my workplace and has a good environment.
So that is why I'd like to watch a movie without subtitles.
We did girltalk in a cafe over a cappucino and small cakes, which made me so happy.
A typhoon will get closer to Osaka my hometown tomorrow morning.
A professor might say something important about the exam in the class.
My first impression of him was not bad.
I love rock 'n roll:)
but I love bossa nova too:D
I often heard that many girls have no sense of direction.
2 weeks have passed since I came to London.
Now I live in an international dormitory, but I cannot make any international friends here because my roommate is also Japanese...
We have similar perspective on many things. I find that he's so funny and smart.
Just before we talked, he put his message for me in the chat box, and it said ``I missed you.`` I was happy about that he had thought in a similar way that I had.
My ideal house
She bought a new cottage recently, so she invited guests to it.
It was a wonderful lake side cottage!
The lake is big and clear, and there is convenience area.
Maybe it's difficult but I want to find an ideal house because we cannot live in it
Because I go library to study English at 9: 00a. m.
In Korea, there are many holidays.
I can still see the grape trellis of the neighbour.
I'm studying in college.
Summer is soon coming, and I need to lose weight in a short time.
Summer, I love it, but I do not love fat!!!
In has been rainy this week in Hyougo, and the weather forecast says it will be rainy until this weekend.
I had Nagasaki Champon and it was delicious!
I like Nagasaki Champon.
After awhile the Ex-president opened his mouth.
I have to study myself.
In my opinion: The reasons people read books are:
This site is helpful to me, because I don't have the opportunity to write in English.
Incredibly, we had to climb about 500 stairs to go there.
It was worth climbing all the way up there, we had beautiful view.
I carried out their favor with pleasure.
Boys be ambitious!
In some areas of China, if a family gets a girl, the husband treats his friends with red eggs and if it is a boy, the husband treats his friends with thered eggs with one black point on each of the eggs.
They will hold a concert which requires us to come wearing black clothes.
We are in a room on the second floor of my wife's parents 'house.
It was very interesting!
And feel so happy everyday-thanks for eating icecream.
I did not want to watch such disgusting movies, but I am very a honest and sincere person, so I obeyed his order.
Most Singaporean friends laughed at me land said ``You pervert, How cheeky you are, This is not your PC but your landlady's, Why did you do that?``.
So Japanese government made a decision to stop providing electricity in Kanto distinct, even including the capital city, from tomorrow.
I like sports (especially karate, table tennis), and I also liketraveling, films, and photography.
I was almost done.
Only foreigners, Asian people in particular, live in the city.
If there were not Chinatowns in the city, Sydney would not be so active.
You will be able to see its huge and beautiful Chinatown.
Those districts are not like Japan, but like China as well.
I hate the English article systems.
So when average Japanese students study English, we are always suffering from these devils lol.
If English speakers study Japanese, is it difficult for them not to use the article system?
Warsaw in Poland is very famous for hosting the International Fryderyk Chopin Piano Competition.
It's a day for returning a present to a person who gave me a present on Valentine's Day.
He had a brother named Moon.
Lately I have been thinking about how my life will be in the future with my family and friends.
Okinawa is an island and is situated south of Japan.
Okinawa has a unique culture, food, language and atmosphere.
I have not decided on any of the trip details as yet, but it will be nice trip ^ ^
I hope I can go to Europe in the future.
I have always liked Baroque music, especially Vivaldi.
Which kind ofgirls do u prefer?
But it's difficult for me to talk to someone fluently.
l am Mahi. I'm a Japanese engineer.
I hope I can speak and write English, and comunicate with some people!
There was a few minute blackout, because there was a power/ electricity interruption in my house.
Today, I watched a documentary program on TV.
I know that it comes from a famous Japanese cartoon and was remade as a soap in Japan and Taiwan already.
But, after I saw the drama with friends, I became hooked on it. ^ ^
Although it includes unrealistic situations, and is sometimes hard for me to understand, the main actors, who are called F4, are gorgeous and I can't [find a reason to] object to its popularity
I'm worrying whether I can do it by the deadline.
Not Japanese music.
something is wrong with my Skype mic.
It is a tough month at the university, but there is nothing to do about it.
On my Christmas list
I said on my Christmas list
She was diagnosed with a health problem recently.
I should keep a record of my body's ailments.
I saw the beautiful snow, but temperature go down.
One of the most beautiful things in the world is watching a baby growing up.
``Kyle and his men were able to take a great many photographs of the mountains below.``
soccer is played around the world.
I enjoyed playing soccer.
Now in the new millennium, scientific technology has increasingly advanced and the disparity between the wealthy and the needy have greatly enhanced. Some individuals have link the gap to the advanced technologies.
However, from an empirical view, I really hard-pressed to imagine how the spectrum of technology has attributed to the wealth gap since it goes without saying that scientific technology candecrease disparity between the wealthy and needy.
To begin with, the proliferation of the information highway have taken possibility to the poor to operate a host of things, which would have been unimaginable two decades ago.
Moreover, it is wild acknowledged that the mobile phone, one of the most significant inventions in twenty century, has transformed individuals 'lives into highly efficient and convenient living, especially for the poor.
By pressing a button, we can connect with anyone anywhere, which in turn enriches people's life various and enables the human race living in different economic statuses.
I guess I need much more vocabulary and a large amount of reading.
because I run out strange things
I remember that I havne n't been contating my boyfriend for a long long time.
I have taken charge of all arrangements of on-the-job training.
Today, I enjoyed my time in my house until my work started at 5pm.
Every day, my work starts early in the morning such as, at 6: 30am, so I went out before dawn.
And as I get older, there is an increase risk.
It is interesting.
Since we first met, we have spent a lot of time together because we study at the same university and we always take the same courses.
I have a constant headache these days, especially when I hear loud voices.
I love to plan birthday parties for my children!
Last week, I met a strange man.
It has many kinds of issues and organized by the level of difficulty.
So, I don't know my future...
The reason why Philippinos and Indians can speak English is because they used to be a colony of America and they had to use English to live a smooth life.
First of your questions, I think the most popular season for wedding is spring.
It is weird:) Maybe she asked the cabin attendants to write a Japanese message on her expensive bag on the plane lol She also said when her fans see her in Japan, please write a message on her bag.
Today, I am going to go to a photo shop to get a picture of my family taken.
I liked to see them suck saps we fed them, and occasionally fight head to head over saps or females in the plastic case at night, as they are usually nocturnal.
Fishing was also my favorite activity when I was in elementary school.
This morning, an insurance lady visited my house and offered me the same job she does.
That was very annoying.
The first time, it was an old event during the Nara period. Today is the turn of the season, We have distributed medical herbs to avoid sickness and misfortune.
I thought that this site would help ppl who wanna improve their language skillz
yea I know I have& nbsp; this lonely diary which also can help my study
The first thing important in education is knowledge.
Education gives us the knowledge of the world around us.
Education is not about lessons and textbooks.
It is about the lessons of life.
Again Euler, this guy never stopped.
He always speaks like, ``Let me blahblahblah,`` or ``Please allow me to blahblahblah.`` I learn many things about both English and mathematics from him.
As the Beijing Olympics started a few days ago, I think many people are interested in this topic!
Ryoko Tani couldn't get a gold medal, but she got bronze medal.
I went to the Nas& Damian Marley Japan Tour yesterday.
They performed for about 2 hours.
It was very exciting, so I watched it 15episodes in one sitting.
So I WILL get it this year because
The employees do not need to domath or hire accountants to get their tax return.
However, t people who are self-employed, landlords/ landladies, or have certain types of expenses over $ 1000, have to report for their final income tax return.
It has been raining in our city for several days.
I felt so bad. Everything is bad.
He is a busker, who does acrobatics very well, usually performing in the square of Xinyi Vieshow.
It's exciting to dig an unknown story.
I think this site is really useful for people who study forein languages.
This weekend, I'm going to run a marathon race which is first time for me to run 42. 195km.
Now, I'm a team leader of ekiden which is a relay race run by four people, with each person running running five kilometers.
I want to lead to team the triumph, and so I want to have superior record.
But many Japanese think that they are reluctant to divorce if they hold a wedding ceremony that costs much money!!
I am annoyed by my toothache, but I'm looking forward to going to the dentist again.
According to the newspaper I read recently, it is easier to get a high salary person to produce high quality goods than a low salary person.
Furthermore, in my case, when I worked with a low salary, I couldn't gain any interest in my job
and I answered yes...
Since I had just gotten out of bed I was still in my pajamas.. (^ ^;
But he said that he was traveling around the area and suddenly thought that if we (my family?) were home, he wanted to come visit meet us.
Anyway he is very cheerful person, so we had agood time.
I think I need to take some gift to him this Friday. Do you think a bottle of alcohol is a good idea?
By the way, I was surprised when I came here.
I think Japanese have difficulty accepting people coming into their houses except themeselves and their family.
My girlfriend chose green latte. I chose hot chocolate.
We ate together (without our boss) and my colleagues liked my dishes.
Every time when I promise others to fulfill an assignment, I can accomplish it very well even though the task seems unconquerable.
Moreover, I am afraid to dissappointe others rather than I myself.
I like different coffee.
When I'm sad, I drink cappuccino. When I'm deppressed, I prefer black coffee.
I used to limit my time to 30 minutes, but 10 mins is more intensive and makes me concentrate more.
It's a time when many people make their resolutions for the whole year.
Keep your fingers crossed;)
However, it is difficult to keep my tension calm when she seems not to hear me, or does the same mistake.
The sheep was finally found by the shepherd and felt relieved.
I am Buddhist, but unfortunately the temple generally don't give this kind of service periodically for small children.
It must lead to increasing of the enthusiastic Buddhists in the future.
different world
I overslept this morning
I put on my clothes hurriedly and went out.
Because I made a mistake.
So please tell me how to study speaking English.
Seriously, it was super expensive!
I found many colorful fighting airplanes, flying in the sky.
Then I realized it was just a dream.
Hi everyone!!!!!!!
I bought two puzzles because the puzzles were on sale.
For about an hour we continued walking, visiting many offices, ascending and descending stairs, and opening and closing shutters.
I must go to take a shower and make myself beautiful!
Scenes of destruction broadcasted on television make me sad.
I will go to convenience store to make a contribution tomorrow.
My boyfriend went to Guangzhou to make clothes for his fashion design competition.
I was happy because I helped her.
I lack physical activity.
However, I think there will be a lot of professional athletes competing for China.
I'm really sorry that I didn't talk a lot with my friend.
Even though my feeling is not good, I had enjoyed the time with my friend,
I don't like a person who says, `Because I am a very busy person, would you do that?`
But these days I think about my studies and how I can develop my skills in language quickly all the time, so I've been trying to find some books that will help me to learn this language.
Actually, I like to study many languges.
I am a teacher, I teach chemistry in senior high school.
The text is about well known people and their private lives which nowadays is often exposed to the public.
The author of the text gives us a shocking example about a policman from Los Angeles who used police computers to find out private information about the stars.
Probably the policeman searched the information about the stars in order to sell it to celebrity magazines, and the police database as well as the internet are places where private information about stars is really easy to find.
In Japan, the age of adulthood is 20.
But now, I don't need to drink alcohol secretly.
But she played very well.
when I used I-pod nano, the battery of that would be really fast gone
but now when I use iPhone, the battery is longer than it!
I am going to my family's at about 17 pm, I think.
I want to overcome those problems, so I registered for a new site.
(Really, although I have registered for it, I haven't used it because I thoughtmy PC didn't have a mike.
Recently, I was asked which train to take by a middle-aged traveller on platform 15 at Shinagawa station.
I worried about taking the TOEIC Brige test tomorrow.
So, Do other countries have TOEIC Bridge tests?
The TOEIC Bridge test is a primary test.
I don't know what to say.
And tomorrow it will be hotter! uuugh-where is the rain?...
Today, I was fainted at a morning assembly.
To make a friend learning a second language is essential.
My friend, who will get married in May, and I went shopping to look for material for her wedding bouquet.
We finally found the best flowers, my friend smiled beautifully.
I'm not familar with the company.
I went to study with my friend
I went to study with my friend today near the BTS saladang
We have been studying English and Thai for a long time. I was happy to see her today because last Wednesday I did not go to study with her. I had forgotten that I had an appointment to study Chinese with her.
I was happy because she was not angry at me.
Who said sorry no, I am busy very much at the moment. I was reading your diary already, I see that you have improved.
Thank you for reading my journal entry all Japanese and English people, have a nice day............
I can't speak English well but I have to study English.
When I was walking on campus on the way to pick up my car, a woman stopped me and asked me the way to the Pavillion.
Copy or Homage?
McDonald's Happy Set for children is nice for adults too.
If you have a coupon from the mail, you can get it cheaper.
I am preparing for the TOEIC exam. The test is on November 31st
This is my first time to write an English daily diary on a website.
KAWASHIMA will be traded to another team in the Premier League?
I heard West Bromwich Albion FC in the Pemier League made an offer for him,
Next October I'll run a marathon.
Now, I will practice it everyday.
I'm still a student in a foreign country!!!!!!
I don't know much vocabulary.
I have never written this kind of sentences before so I will try to write it by following my book.
I take comfort in watching sitcoms on my laptop.
Although it was morning, there were a lot of people, especially foreign visitors.
We bought some souvenirs for our family and friends and afterwards, we went to Tokyo Station to take a bullet train. We returned with a lot of stuff.
My name is Aya.
My idea is you are either a victim always affected by your external environment including people or...
I went to ``Ryuichi Skamoto's Piano Solo Tour 2009`` on April 2.
I promised myself that I write a story here once a week at least.
Summary of plan of a new Microsoft operating system
Seriously!!
Here is the reason why job-hunting in Japan is terribly complicated.
Therefore it can be a huge disadvantage in job-hunting not to work at a company right after graduation from university and to be ``KISOTSU``.
-Dream collaboration-
He continued, ``This starbucks works in collaboration with Tsutaya!!
Khabarovsk is a large city in the Russian far east and it takes almost 2 or 3 hours to get to there from Tokyo by plane.
They built cars for competitions and later, in 1947, also began to make sports cars.
It was so windy that my kite flew very high.
I remember my first shopping experience on the Internet in 2003.
I had scored some points, and although my colleagues helped me, I couldn't continue playing.
Some would just fulfill their (sp) passions for languages, studying different languages and exploring different countries, cultures, histories, cusine,......
Then I got 2 tomatoes from my apartment's owner.
Robert's pale skin& Tayloar 'abs were fantastic....
maybe the movie's promotion strategy.
another is in charge of the wedding car,
Married couple keep it as a memory for all their lives.
People usually thinks murder is absolutely a bad thing.
(I don't think it makes sense, 'cause that shouldn't be a reason to kill people.
He was arrested a few days ago.
I might be able to improve my English speaking but my grammar is horrible.
So I want to ask everybody how do you study a foreign language?
I will study more and master it to become a more sophisticated (resourceful;) man.
TV news about Greece reminds me of the trip.
We enjoyed walking along the seashore, eating Greek dishes, and cycling around the island.
It was very windy everyday, and it was cool to swim in the sea.
The preperations for the presentation this week, household tasks...
We are living with problems. Work problems, family problems, money problems and stuff that we have to solve. If we cannot solve them, we will feel a little bit down. So we need to vent and relax to balance our life. We can go out for a vacation, watch a movie, listen to the music, do some exercises or just have a nice sleep to make ourselves better. Sometimes I do, and I have a lot of ways to relax.
everything is possible, please believe in yourself and action now.
If it is good, I'm going to acquire my driver's license!
I wrote them exploring the Korean-Japanese dictionary very often.
Today is Easter! I think all of us should remember the Jesus 'death.
I'm just going to get a part-time job.
But we could visit only two, because I didn't wake up early-_-~ ~ ~ as usual.
When my lesson finished, we went to center of our city and decided to begin from there because there is many of temples and other religious organizations.
In a Japanese map, Japan is located in the center of the world.
I don't know if he actually meant it, 'cause I am planning to go somewhere for travel after the exams are over.
who knows from which country you come from in order to help me on this website.
Just a question.
I watched Dragon Ball a little while ago.
Dragon Ball is an old Japanese animation.
I love Dragon Ball.
It is not too much to say that I grew up with Goku, vegita, kuririn who are characters in Dragon Ball.
The heat wave is expected to continue for a while.
I'm looking forward to the cool fall weather.
The thunder was so intense that the windows trembled and car alarms sounded.
I will let my shop open in April 1st
Maybe, it's time to give up now.
Even though it is still late June, the air temperature became 31 degree celcius in Tokyo today.
It is still hot and humid, but I have to go to a clinic to take a prescription for medical insurance.
My duty still continues, when I finish to talking to the boss, I have to go to a motor bike shop to renew my bike insurance.
He is a mentor in my life and offered to support me financially when I decided to study in the Netherlands.
Recently he offered me financial support again.
I emailed him this morning about our plans for tomorrow.
I drank heavily!
I want to go abroad in summeeeeer vacation!!
The demerits of capitalism would be if you lose in the competition, you may not get a bonus so the system is good for winners, but it may not be frendly to losers.
So, in a capitalistic society, there is a need for a safety net so even the losers can live happily as well as winners.
It's required to live abroad or if you work in company which requires you to speak English. ``
and they (in their cars) slept for one night.
Now, They have been rescued by the Ground Self Defense Force.
And finally, the snow was 138cm (= maximum) between the 25th and 26th.
I'm bored...
I miss my friends, but it is hard to meet them for various reasons; marriage, moving...
But I thought ``If I don't say anything, my partner can't tell me anything``, so I said everything I just had thought with courage:)
I decided to join an English conversation school called ``Rare Job`` today.
I applied again and I succeeded to recontract for more 2 years.
My mother managed to even go skating.
I was surprised when I heard this fact.
I think ``a couple of`` is a useful expression when you speak English.
Moreover, gasoline, which is fuel for automobiles, is made from fossil fuels such as coal and oil, and the process of making it may also need fire, which causes CO2.
For example, the higher the global temperature is, the higher the sea level will be and as a result, some islands will sink. Of course people who live on these islands will have to leave their country.
temperature has been increasing.
If global warming lasts, our lives will be destroyed some day, and these effects are mainly caused by driving automobiles.
According to recent research, we can get more than 80% of information about other's characteristics based on looks.
This means that when we make judgement counts on appearance, we can know his or her characteristics
It's very simple to understand and full of obvious cases.
I like playing video games on Xbox360 and listening to music.
That's all for my introduction.
I feel like I don't want to do anything all day long.
So opening the window and checking the weather is the first action I do when I wake up.
It was nearly terrible.
Sometimes people in foreign countries don't understand it.
Tiger Woods has fourteen girlfriends.
Maybe the action/ activity has to be a single, atomic action for the continuous tense usage and the difficulty is the consideration-is an action is a single or, actually, it is a set of actions.
30 (Mon) was a bank_ holiday in the UK.
Self-introduction
Hello everyone.
Especially on the first day, a very sexy and beautiful woman Singer 'IVY' came
She works at cosmetic company.
I paid for the meals for my friend when I didn't have money to pay for it.
I apologized to my friend but she seemed to hate to pay for it.
I negotiated with my friend who will pay for the meals next time.
We usually call each other very often, sharing all the small details of our lives.
I think it's tasty? (It seems tasty)
It's a good thing to learn a new language from a professional teacher.
Akira is a member of Exile, which is Japanese pop music group.
They are childhood friends and Akira is four years older than Masami.
Of course, I have the original Japanese version.
It was my third time and quite interesting.:) And what I noticed in the class is that there are many Americans who tend to drive agressively.
It's gonna be ridiculously expensive.
I talk to my parents on Skype every sunday night.
English instructor murder case
Recently in Japan a popular topic is who youg man killed english teacher three years ago.
As you know, the other day a major earthquake hit Japan severely, especially the Kanto area, and a lot people there are facing many difficulties.
For example, according to reports, they suffer from food shortages and can't get enough sleep.
To be honest, the earthquake has little DIRECT influence on our daily lives. (Of course, it has many indirect influences on us.
This is shown by the fact that I'm very very worried about people in Kanto, partly because many of my friends live there.)
But I'm suffering a kind of setback.
But at the same time, I also think I manage to brush up my speaking ability to some extent by reading books or listening to many materials in English.
So nowadays I'm reading a lot of newspapers and books and watching videos or movies in English and thinking how I can get a chance to express myself in English.
My hobby is listening to music and playing bass guitar.
For example, I know the phrase ``Lehman shock``, but I don't understand how it effected the World Economy and can't explain it well.
Now I am not a student any longer, so I think I need to have knowledge about these things.
Therefore, I borrowed a book called ``To the people who became working people without understanding economy`` written by Akira Ikegami at library.
I hope it helps me gain more knowledge to understand the economy.
I really dislike reading books, but I try to do it little by little.
I watch it whenever I have free time like after work and/ or on holidays.
Write to me, please!
In a large scale company, it is difficult to evaluate each employee's contribution to their company.
So even if someone could achieve his best result, he cannot get a bonus because of his company's loss.
I'm not surprised because the March disaster in Japan was broadcast all over the world.
Many Japanese artist appear in this one!!
It would be a Japanese-English word; it means that ladies-talk about female-particular things.
Recently I have found a need to study English again because of my Job.
I think it could be a good practice for me but I feel it's more difficult than before.
I try to continue to do this listening.
PS I love tennis very much so I play it 2 or 3 times a week, and if I find some free time I would search for a tennis movie in Youtube with a term such as Federor etc.
If you like to watch or to play tennis, pls reply to me hopefully to be my friend!
It's a fashion magazine in Japan.
Some people may say that there are not as many places in their office, where they can smoke, as before.
Well, it isn't something I should think about.
I will go to bed early and prepare for the next day!!
After the East Earthquake, two months had passed quickly.
One of our deals is to combine our products with 3rd party products.
I want to make friends who are interested in learning English or who like traveling.
I study English at my university.
Actually I had my first experience with a Pick-Pocket.
Then I checked all of the pockets but unfortunately couldn't find it.
In the capital, Athens, the average temperature in January is 10. 1 degrees, and in July is 28. 0 degrees.
It was a remarkable experience and interesting but I have to go back to japan.
As you know well, Japanese is a minor language.
And I know it's very difficult in many aspects, like grammer, 3 different characters, pronunciation, etc...
Also it was so difficult for me to understand what the newscasters were saying on the TV.
This song is famous because of its lyrics.
Her future self writes back to her 15 year old self saying that it would be all right, I am an adult now but even I still have difficulties but I am doing well so please don't cry.
And y friend taught me about that.
It's hard for children to judge which is right.
In addition, students only put a lot of information into their brains in schools.
However, vigorous pictures and unforgettably vivid sound would be engraved in their minds.
Brazil (Brazil), Korea, Iran, and Japan.
Probably, my speaking skills will be better and better if I more phrases in English.
I like this phrase, 'I could eat a horse!' it means that I amextremely hungry!
My first diary.
Can we call them or their ancestors 'wild', or will they never be categoried as 'wild' because they've once been totally domesticated?
Now I have started research on subjects which I will study next semester.
I studied aesthetics at undergraduate level and planned to continue further at postgraduate level and aimed to acquire an MA in that area.
According to the professor, 3Ps (Poverty, Population and Pollution) are the most discussed topics in the aid organisations.
I can understand it, but these topics are too broad to choose a specific issue to write a dissertation.
I, however, However, I didi n't speak and write enough to communicate with people.
Because of the big/ recent earthquake and tsunami that happened in Japan this year, so there is not enough electricity in whole Japan.
Many companies in Japan take more holiday to save electricity as usual.
Stimulating the subconscious may help your memory,
That is very beautiful.
Last week I had a bad job (experience?) with one of my supervisors (bosses) over some issue.
We had a good time at some Izakaya over a couple glasses of beer (called) chu-hi.
I will study at an English language school for ten weeks.
Do you agree or disagree? A person should never make an important decision alone.
There are many famous people who succeed in their fields: like one of the greatest entertainers, Micheal Jackson, or a good Japanese baseball player, Ichiro.
Famous successful people surely put in a lot of effort.
Given such points, I strongly reccommend you think that way.
On the first half, the Argentinian scored two goals.
I Caught a Cold.
I'm feeling really bad today.
I am so sorry that I cannot reply to some of my friends 'e-mails punctually.
Unfortunately, summer in Russia is not long enough to spend it at home.
As you know, Hong Kong is an international city and the financial hub of Asia.
Thus, there are a lot of people who have different nationalities.
Anyway, Hong Kong is located near the ocean so the humidity in Hong Kong is incredibly high.
I think, due to the high humidity, Hong Kong people have great skin!!
I really appreciate his meeting with me.
Many artists live in this area and we can meet them and their artworks.
When I was choosing some food and there was a cute kid. The boy said to me that one item was not so good, so I should choose another.
I chose the one that he recommended to me.
They seemed like westerners.
I was moved and appreciated their bravery
I've decided to keep a diary in English starting today.
I was hit by a car and broke my collar bone during my time in the US, so it's a little bit hard to use my hand...
the instructor of level 4 is British!
I went to sleep at 9pm the day before yesterday, and I woke up at 1am yesterday...
Today, We shot a music video.
So, it is not that incorrect.
It was about 3 best friends putting message on personal ad for finding boyfriend/ girlfriend.
Invoice that you added was also written 1 of it.
Of course, I will go to temple to worship with my family.
My town is surrounded by mountains and nature. There are some rivers nearby where I raft and sometimes go fishing with my father. It's really peaceful.
If you search for the city on a map, you'll see that it is situated in the Ural mountains.
Some tourists are very dissapointed with this fact.
No idea:) But it is situated exactly on the watershed dividing line of the Ural mountains, and if you come there, you can stand with one foot in Europe, with the other in Asia, or with both feet in Asia and your head in Europe if you want:)))) (you can see on the first photo)
I couldn't sleep because I watched football games at midnight.
So unpleasant-to feel yourself strange, empty...
I want to feel refreshed.
I hung out with my friends (today).
college entrance examination
the college entrance examination is the most important exam in every chinese student's life.
this is a brief introduction of our country's college entrance examination.
I need your help.
The first English book I could finish reading through was ``Fried Green Tomatoes``.
I could finally get to know the details of the story and
And everyone was quite friendly.
We should've talked beforehand about which foods we would be bringing.
Who can help me? I have a problem with myself (in my spirit). I can't escape my past. Those were my bad things such as being belittled because my grades were very bad.
during the time it took them to leave home, Bae-chu came constantly to eat.
Light Pollution
They are for advertising, commercial properties, offices, factories, streetlights and illuminating sports venues.
We should turn off the lights for a little bit sometimes so we can save energy and retain the ecosystems.
So now let's be responsible and clean the sea.
I bought an umbrella for my friend.
How wonderful the life is!
About TOEIC
I decided to take an examination of TOEIC.
I want to improve my English fast.
and I want to work all over the world.
They have a rule that limits the number of foreign players in the team.
He gets a title and is proud of himself.
It touched me and I borrowed the album '(What's The Story) Morning Glory) from my friend's friend, then I found that all songs on the album were so wonderful!
I couldn't hear what you said.
And, when I got a mail, my heart is very hurt,,, nervous.
At that time, I was really tired and sleepy.
A percentage of the audience ``decrees`` the success of all the work that is behind this show.
The winners are chosen by an audience, who can vote for his, her favourite singers by a phone call or a text message, with a code number, and by a jury of quality.
I am a lazy person, and I often give up on my declarations.
Because they study hard foreign languages for various goal.
The result of self marking was bad.
After we knit the things, we sell them on the free market or donate to institutions.
Because This club will recess from December 14th to January 4th of next year.
It is the last piece that we need to finish the shape of our blanket.
If I could speak English well, then I wouldn't have to study so much and working in Canada would be easier.
The Game and English Conversation Programs
This is my second time staying here.
So I want to change my email address
Tracy Whitney, the main character of the story, is a young, beautiful, and intelligent woman working as a computer operator for a bank.
Ielt examination in September
I would like to learn English.
Only four days more and I can be back home. Also, I'm beginning my summer vacation. I made a plan for this vacation. I want to join my cousin's company and do work for him for free.
I also think I can get more experiences.
He bought some souvenirs for us.
I think many Japanese people wouldn't want to eat a snack with a color like that.
I need background knowledge in order to be able to obtain higher score of TOEFL.
Anyway, I will buy a magazine called '' English Journal '', but I don't know whether it wiil help my background knowledge.
His skills are unbelievably fantastic!
My friend and I went to Ansan where my friend J lives.
We ate a lot of food in a family restaurant called, ``Vikings``.
I will go to the market and play with ma dogs.
I wish to go to america and study abroad in order to get job in the near future.
I hope I can find good friends to study language with each other.
Yesterday, I was very busy because I had two exams, three classes and two tutoring sessions.
When I went home, I just sat in front of the computer to watch a few video clips.
I hope I am not depressed whatsoever.
Yesterday, I watched ``The Lion King``, the famous Disney movie.
The blue bucket has polka-dots (on it).
If I speak English, I would like to visit many countries!
I can't express in English what I want to say, so I need to study speaking.
And I want to belong to community, then I would like to make friends there.
I was so excited because I like this brand very much.
So he will be pleased.
In fact, Naples is famous for its pizza.;D
It's interesting for me, not only because of the story but also the illustrations are great.
Unfortunately, I can't put the link of myfacebook on herebecause the national network control centre has banned it, so I can't connect with my friends there.
My skin condition is pretty good and I hardly feel itchy.
As one of the members here, I will do my best to communicate with others and write more dairies. I think I'll be successful and change my way one day.
He was Continental Delegate of the Congress, Governor of Virginia, State Secretary, Vice President of the United States and President of the United States.
I would have often remembered and dreamed of it.
Today I studied about FriendFeed (URL
This service is very useful for me to search the information that I got from each service.
I'm waiting corrections from everyone.
But I thought for a long time and I decided I will stay this way
You go abroad and meet good friends who have different cultural backgrounds but they make you feel that there is no border among us when it comes to friendships.
Are the idioms and slang which are on the books still used in the world?
If not, how can you learn new idioms and slang?
At first, I was not so sure about this observation because there was an exception in one person, who works regularly but has the highest operational capability in the ship; he can fix almost any mechanical failure which occurs during operation.
I just went over to Yokohama where my uncle lives.
Finally we rolled them carefully, and we're done!!!
Anyway it's really nice to eat sushi with students.
What are the important things in a restaurant?
we should always provide a warmheart to them.
comply with customers and give them high quality service.
As a professional.
I don't doubt that we should have this as standard.
How's everyone's day going?
I already knew there is no clear answer
I got up dazy to day my brain is so confused because I have not slept enough.
I love to travel to unknown or beautiful places.
But, I will do my best to overcome all my problems.
I thought ``cash out`` was unbelievable, because nobody withdraws cash in a supermarket in China, but it happens in Australia.
We have few factories that make bats or the other baseball equipment, so the bats and gloves, everything except clothes have to be imported.
Thanks for reading my bad English diary:)
We parked the car nearby and had to walk to the site because of the traffic control.
During the event, we saw a magic show that was preformed by a good-looking young couple.
However, when the midnight came, we could see two firework shows from her balcony at the same.
Today was the first lesson.
But I looked like the most foolish person in the class.
Recent occurrence
We haven't played on playground equipment for a long time.
After that, we climbed to the top of the slide.
Regarding the meal, some fancy dishes were served.
But he didn't emphasize the safety of the food.
Trimming is important because it is easier for germs to adhere to the surface of the raw beef.
As a result, his restaurant caused food poisoning and killed four people.
The purse was 81RMB. For us, it's not that expensive since the purse is of high quality.
It is actually extremely hard work to raise two newborn babies at the same time.
I read an article about the stress that an older child experiences once a newborn baby is born.
anyway, we have done it, all we need to do now is wait for feedback from our customer.
Camping ``Twilight`` and ``New Moon``, I prefer Twilight, because it is more romantic to me somehow.
I was really excited to see kangaroos in the wild like this.
It's quite different from Japan.
I'd be grateful if you correct my English.
Alsmost everyone, no matter if they are young or old, male or female, they are keen on it.
It is really a challenging work since there are so many books, at least one million.
I like reading, so next time, I will spend a lot of time there to broaden my horizon.
Oh, I remember that I want to inform you that I am going to change my schedule so I won't write so often later.
The doctor diagnosed that she suffered from hemorrhoids.
So she stubbornly killed her desire more than ever.
I'm a sophomore at Hanshin University.
I'm a South Korean girl and I'm very much interested in English, French, IT and electronics.
There are radioactive contamination, earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
So, I speak English at the school, but I usually speak Swhili in my village because most of my neighbors (the families of my coworkers) cannot speak English.
There have been cases when/ where a dead body was discovered after weeks or months, and this was only because the stink spread all over the building. [spread = spreaded]
I wonder if I can get English skills now, even though I'm over forty years old.
There are so many beautiful structures influenced by Christianity and
I had hard time to forgetting it.
If I want to talk about things that I like, I can talk with others who are interested in it.
Each person has their own tastes.
Here is a video clip, from the movie [The taste of others].
No doubt, natural gas industry is the most hopeful industry in China.
If you find any mistakes, especially grammar, correct me.:)
Cuz, their MC and performance was fun!!
But I cannot go for a working holiday because of my job.
So, I have got a lot of chocolate as a birthday present.
I like chocolate, but not this day!!
I hope to study abroad and work overseas.
I haven't been writing here not because I am lazy or anything but because I don't really have time.
I played the music ``Silk Road`` composed by Kitaro at the rehearsal.
I can't speak English well and typing fast.
I'll see the club member of the university.
I was a part of a brass band when I was an university student.
Now I'm a little nervous.
My company's global language is English, however I cannot speak English well.
Some of my classmates plan to go abroad, and some prepare for graduate school exams.
Though I like to read, I am not really good at English literacy.
Hello, friends and teacher. I went to university today to prepare everything before receiving the cetificate today.
I paid a lot of money there for the picture and my dress and associate old student um...
Recently my younger classmate Raquel told me that there was a website which helps people to practice languages that they want to learn.
There was a picture of Carl Lewis in a textbook.
It cost nerly two hundred dollars to join this party, I gotta say.
Hello, my wonderful friends. Do you like to listen to a story before you sleep? I like it.
Today we had violin class.
But the teacher keep saying 'hold your violin up'.
Tommorow is the concert (sort of).
We'll play violin at school library.
My brother's girl friend is Taiwanese.
This year, in September....
Article 9 of the Japanese constitution states that (1) in order to aspire sincerely to an international peace based on justice and order, the Japanese people forever renounce war as a sovereign right of the nation and the threat or use of force as means of settling international disputes.
Anyway, I had an amazing time because Japanese people would never imagine meeting famous people in person here.
After I came back home, I told the story to my friends who are native English speakers, and they all told me how stupid am I... damn.
Yesterday evening I sneezed several times.
I will study English very hard.
Actually I had been suffering from my knee's pain I got last December, therefore I asked him some advice about which exercise would be good for my knee's rehabilitation.
He kindly taught me some stretching exercises and how to use a machine exercise and I did them for a short time.
I thanked him very much and decided to go to that gym regularly.
The Health Minister is trying to convince people of this.
Medicine services should be free for everyone, people want to feel safe in the hospital, no matter how much they earn.
He is good with children, never barks? to people, and always stays by my side when we go outside.
Winnie the Pooh-My review
I don't know why but I loved him and his friends, Piglet, Rabbit, Eeyore and so on.
The characters are very cute but not very clever.
Yesterday, I went to Yoyogi park, which is located in the center of Tokyo, and saw the cherry blossoms.
Because of thetragic earthquake and Tunami atFukushima nuclear power plant, which supplied energy to Tokyo was dameged.
Both its functions but especially its appearance appealed to me. (Or, ``I was attracted not only to its functions, but also its appearance.``)
It's a technique that applies pretty seals or pictures on things with glue, and the things that are worked on are glasses, plastic bottles and wood, etc...
We could enjoy verdant scenery anywhere when we stayed there.
In 2005, the black bears surrounding Toyama residents were a controversial issue.
The lack of food in the mountains would have made them dare to risk their lives by coming near populous regions.
Japan won against Argentina in today's soccer match.
I the enjoyed Chinese lunch, night view and shopping.
My room, my clothes, my brother, and so on..
I go to college.
She shouldn't.
There were a lot of people waiting to find out if they were one of those successful candidates.
I was quite annoyed by the important items on the agenda.
These lessons are for the TOEIC test.
During the lunch break, I was suprised to see my friend disguise herself as a ``Pokemon``.
I want to hold a halloween party, like how& nbsp; American students do.
I wanna go home!
to make a sentence.
My job is in the service industry and merchandise management.
Anyway, I will ask him to read it because that day is really important..
Have a good weekend.
Recently, it has become hot.
I would like to learn English and I registered on this site.
She is tired in these days because of daily child care.
From thenon, I often went to him to learn English grammar and vocabulary.
I used to wear brown contact lenses for half a year.
Although I know that contacts are bad for our eyes, I didn't believe it.
And all the families are talking about it.
While I watched it, I was able to study English and catch spoken English.
One day I want to speak English like that.
Because I want to study English more than I want to study finance.
So I waited in front of the door, and then I entered it on opening time, so I was the first customer today.
My classmates from elementary school
I saw my classmates from elementary school last night.
Besiedes, the cruel organizers of this test put many difficult and rare English words on it without any hesitation.
The listening comprehension part especially is super difficult.
On top of that this test has 200 questions, so if we come across successive difficult questions and we cannot properly answer, we would be FUCKIN frustrated.
If I cannot obtain a high score on the 29th of January, I promise, I will assassinate the organizers of this test.
Because my PC had some problems, I couldn't connect to the internet.
I had never been to an American school, and I was impressed with the classroom, corridor and students.
I was happy they tried to speak Japanese as much as possible.
one is singing a song, one is playing a guitar, one is playing a dram
As each Mr. children's member has good skills, Japanese people
have been impressed by their music.
Especially I recomend you a song '' HERO ''.
Now it's raining outside and it's very cold, I really miss the sunshine and the temperature in the south.
Open University
It `s my first day to know the Lang-8, I tried to use it once and succeeded.
Have a nice day!
I am going to go somewhere for my English and IT skills.
I work for a real estate company as a sales manager.
And I like hanging out with my friends and finding good restaurants/ bars/ shops/ etc.
I can't hear them because it's a noisy place.
After that I danced with a Filipino friend.
He could dive under the water without breathing for about one minute.
This winter is especially frigid.
Do you know the player Ichiro on the Seattle Mariners?
When I had online lessons between Japan and India before, there was no problem.
I'll play with my friend next Sat.
I watch the news every evening.
It remains to be seen whether it is feasible or not.
Tomato sauce
I made tomato sauce today.
If I had had more energy, I would have gone to a fitness club.
I am going to go to a Taiwanese restaurant for lunch with a coworker.
The reason is clear!
I `ve been to Go-kon party when I went to collage, but people say there is something different between student` s party and office worker `s one.
I think office workers tend to join more seriously, because they have less chances to meet other people than students have.
At last, I went to Utah USA 2years ago to study English& teach Japanese in an elementary school.
which were some hand cream, body lotion and shoes.
It will be hot in this afternoon, so I'm going to clean the bathroom using a high water pressure machine.
The good things waiting after that include drinking beer and taking a nap in this comfortable weather.
I love my new job very much, and I cherish this chance.
The weather has been cold for several days.
Of all the seasons, I like spring the best..
Engrish is a funny English expression by a non native English speaker, especially (by) Japanese.
'All your base are blong to us' (AYBABTU) is one of the most famous and popular Engrish expressions especially among Internet users.
They are not very famous in Japan now, but I believe they're going to be famous soon!
Thanks for reading.
Do people who live in developed countries and are not materialistic (?) think so?
There are many kinds of food which are not expensive and taste good.
So, my next big journey is next summer.
And I hope my English isn't too bad. So that everyone that reads this can understand what I wanted to say...
I want to be a good student and a good girl this year.
It makes me very happy to have an American friend named Almir. ^ ^.
My specialty is sculpture. And I must draw [?] every day.
I admire them a lot.
I'm a writer for Japanese daily newspapers and magazines.
He taught me 'GO DO' (name of a tune) which means we can do anything.
She passed the entrance exam, although I was surprised.
Jacrine's books describe girls with big troubles, who grow to be independent.
He'd like to play a guitar someday.
Thanks for reading my diary.
Please correct my diary and be my friend!
It is hard to get interpreters if the language is not so common, for example, Swahili, Nepalese, and so on.....
Long interview take almost all day, while short interviews takeonly 30 minutes or 1 hour.
I literally ran to the nearby supermarket and purchased a steriliser.
(x_ x;) It seems the temperatures in September and October will be higher than the average of the previous years...
It's because of the tuition fee.
The choreography started yesterday.
I will do my best on my essay.
When a woman is stressed she instinctively feels a need to talk about her feelings and all the possible problems that are associated with her feelings.
finding solutions to her problems
I'm worried that recent Japanese youngsters tend to go to various foreign countries and know much about foreign countries, but they know little about Japanese history.
For example, I manage to write this sentences first in Japanese in my head and then translate and put them into English, which requires a great effort and is tiresome.
I mean if an English-native speaker is very good at Japanese, is she/ he thinking in Japanese first?
Hi, I wanna make some foreigner friends
She also says that I'm not paying enough attention to French because I started with Japanese this year, and it makes me really angry because you have no idea of how much I enjoy studying Japanese.
Finally, I transferred my day off from today to another day.
Then I will make pickled Chinenses and eat that them with curry.
I believe in your help guys:)
We choose ``OMIKUJI`` for the fifth time!!
In Japan, people choose ``OMIKUJI`` to know your fortune for the new year.
This book level is beginner but it is difficult for me.
Since most of them are online shopping I hope I'll receive the dresses exactly the same as they are posted.
This recession has hit me pretty hard.
I have no experience of editing and writing, but I want to try.
I don't know this job is really interesting, but I want to try.
Today, at last, he recovered and came back to our house.
Most of the time, Spiderman is airborne with his web, swinging from building to building...
I'm going to a bargain sale this weekend.
because I have graduated from high school.
I'll go to bed early to prepare for tomorrow.
I'm not a Tri-Athlete!
First DialyDaily
I read a book for 30 minutes, I heard English CD for 30 minutes.
Recently I read a book called Christmas in summer.
But I want to write, since I decided to write in the diary every day!!
I ate a watermelon for lunch for the first time this year.
Is it the same in other countries?
My duty is oversee and analyze ground water, waste water, exhaust gas, and so on.
Compared to other divisions, we have a lot of overtime at the end of month.
Today my daughter went back to Okinawa, because she has to work.
I wrote a diary because I want to practice my English.
Yesterday, I had a terrible headache so I took 3 pills of medicine.
But if my head aches from a bad headache, I might as well take the medicine to endure it.
I barely found the pharmacy and I got treatment.
I watched 90210
I watched the final episode of the first season of 90210.
I'm looking forward to watching the next season.
They were very healthy.
Extremely, dirty and fun!
I can't tell whether it's going to be the same in the case of Japan (halt of growth in economy), but it's sure that the economy of Korea depends on the flow of the real estate market.
Before entering university, I didn't worry about my writing because there were not many changes to write one's opinion at school under the Korean education system.
Today I studied physics for an exam.
In the library.
I'm very happy because there are many people who have helped on my way to success.
firstly, I want to say thank you to my good friends, my classmates and many other people. They encouraged me when I fell and supported me when I made decisions.
They gave me a lot of powers and made me confident as I was constantly moving forward.
Because they hurt me, I was motivated to continuous efforts until I became an excellent and successful person.
So, from my career standpoint, I thank everyone I've been in contact with, no matter if they helped me or hurt me.
What shall I grow?
I was given some onions and potatoes.
I plan to grow summer vegetables this summer.
Are there goyas in other countries?
and I found one of black cars hung flags on its bonnet.
The organization that made the JLPT doesn't publish the test questions right after the test.
However, a lot of text books for preparing for the JLPT have been released.
I'm looking forward to it.
Although I've had an ID in lang-8 for a long time, I always have no time to write a diary entry.
Most students are under stress like me.
This Saturday it was my first day in college.
She was nice and cooporative.
The lecture was about how to write a good essay, and I have an assignment to write
and I need you to help me to improve my english level.
I entered university this summer.
After that, I can calm down.
They are very big and are strong.
I went to the movies with my husband to a theater near my home.
I felt real action. there was something in front of my eyes.
because I payed 1800 yen plus an extra 300yen for 3D.
It was cheaper than other similar courses, because I had a professional? invitation.
Help me to love learning English again!
How can I get rid of these bad feelings, how can I learn to love using English joyfully again, like I did a year ago?
They don't help other people.
She is studying Japanese.
But the weather is cold and gray.
Tom Waits is one of my favourite singers.
it was my first time watching a game.
Good evening everyone.
I will go to Shodou school now.
I am sorry, I can't explain well.
I have trouble with the language and enviroment.....
I was surprised at his thought
I came across the Japanese speaking Japanese.
If it's true, I think the Norwegian goverment has to review their laws.
So she asked me, ``How do you say in English, black framed glasses are popular in Japan?`` Although, I know she is nervous about speaking English, I have no idea why she wants to know that expression as the first thing!
There are 6 hours to go to until the beginning of the match.
I answered two phone calls from my clients regarding a big contract, which could feed me for a couple of months.
Today, the weather is warm and comfortable.
Following that, we played basketball together.
How to condjugate on Lang8!!
Everyone danced happily.
After he left home, my daughter and I talked a lot.
When I get older I want to travel to Canada because I would like to know the country where I hope to spend the rest of my life. If I see that Canada offers the opportunities that everybody says it offers, then I am going to go back to to my country and apply for a permanent resident..
This is dreadful for me because I must write treatises in English.
So we are going to buy some vegetables and meat for dinner now.
she was angry at the TV, and she went to bed angry.
It is the central city of an island which is northernmost place in Japan, Hokkaido.
2 days ago, I wrote a journal about whale hunting. My journal asserted ``Australian ways of protesting against Japan are very impolite and rough``.
Surely, if Japanese people try to change something or protest against something, we would only read a note of protest and shout something a few times in front of the oponent's organization.
lol Of course, the opponent's organizationwo n't change their attitude orway of thinking in any case.
Japanese people should watch other countries 'ways of protesting and their passions more.
I am sad because my sister deleted the program for the keyboard I use to write in Korean!.
It reminded me that I've seen a bear-shaped keychain in a shopping center near my home.
So, I thought it was a girl!
I think she made me a little better looking.
I know that bad things can occur all at once.
From September 22 to September 24, I went to Hokkaido for a trip with the friends of the university.
My teacher gave me until May 4 to hand in an essay.
Finally, if you decide to buy a dining table mat, what kind of style you prefer, a table mat that would put you in a good mood or a table mat that would open your appetite?
long long ago I studied english, but I still remenber a little.
My task today is designing.
Since we got two new workers last October, the opportunities I got to design web sites decreased sharply.
So a person who is good at everyting has to do the remaining things.
But these kinds of expressions are not familar to me.
I'm using a nicotine patch.
When I checked my diary this morning, the friend who I met for the first time had already corrected it.
I appreciate that all friends support me.
S. I want to use more precise complex sentences.
I read a new guide book for the JLPT.
It is sure that the test will focus more on comunication ability than grammar.
I have not been able to write an entry or correct other entries although I've sometimes visited this site! The reason why is that I've probably caught the Rubbela virus or another strong virus!! (Oh my gosh!)
39 degrees!! You know, in Japan, the temperature is still high and the sun supported by the summer attacks us, but at least for me, it was such a cool day, or, if anything, a cold day ^ ^
That's ridiculous.
Today I asked him to help me correct my studying abroad SOP and I told him I need it tomorrow, that meant I wanted him to accompany me, but after correcting my SOP he rushed home and told me ``I have a couple of things to do before I go to bed``.
In the beginning, I supposed that we had interested in each other, because he gave his phone number to me and said ``If you want to call me, call me anytime``, and asked me to take MRT home together with him.
Yesterday, I attended a party from the company where I'm going to start working this spring.
Another student and I will start working for that company and we are going to be in charge of global marketing.
Then, I was puzzled because my English speaking, listening and writing skills are poor.
It has already been about three weeks since I registered on this site.
A surprising event
A officer who was taking care of international students said that
he could help me get accepted as soon as possible.
Thank you guys, Thank you for supporting me!!!
Is it called 'being selfish' in English?
You can't understand what I'm talking about from these sentences...
We can obtain so many things from that.
Although they cherished the notion of life-long employment and the idea that the older you are, the more likely you are to get a chance of promotion, we do not seem to have these kind of thoughts at all.
We know that we have no guarantees in a company.
Hello all my friends.
We should never forget those who are sad about their important family member 's
Of course I want to be glad that they are coming back home safely with all of them. with everyone else?
But at the same time, I never want to want forget about all of people lost in the war of Iraq.
I caught a cold. Maybe because I was around lots of people yesterday.
I can read simple sentences now, but I can't really understand normal passages and books.
Today he took me to a restaurant as gratitude for the present.
He thought that I rarely ate meet (beef) because I live by myself.
Father is going to Tochigi for business tomorrow.
If I eat a hamburger slowly, chewing it well and tasing it, I must regret having it.
The production is started after ordering, so I have to wait for another month before the product arrives.
She was so off tunethat I couldn't remember what the song title was.
The mattress of my bed sinks too much.
The throne in question was a graceful sight: it captivated the eye of a beholder with beautiful, hypnotic silver filigree decorations.
Fascinated with Lord of the Flies
Nearly almost all my friends have it and they all reccomend getting it.
Because I didn't have enough money with me at the time..
Today's examiners were about 60 students of an elementary school, a junior high school, a high school and an university.
because the Korean team played so fantastic.
There is no need to mention that when your father is getting married you (as the most beloved and wise of all cock-owners he has ever been acquainted with) instantly become the one who has to put up with all the fits of pre-marital neurosis (as well as being an unlucky witness of all this stuff), take care of all the sodding preparations (``we need to do a great deal of work to make this day really special``, Goddamn it!) and just try not to go mad or turn into a ``bridesmaid bitch``.
frankly I don't like these things... ``
interested in women... ``
Today I have found out about a postgaduate program.
But I decided not to surrender and for one month (it's time I have before the interview) to make my English as good as I can.
And one step of my plan is everyday writing at Lang-8.
What should I do first?
I like cooking Korean food.
^ ^ ima high skool student who's tryin to learn english n been stayin in aus for nearly 2 years so far.
firstly I will just write about my self, I am 18 years old now n turning 19 in a few months and plan to go to uni in jap after leaving skool where im now goin in aus.
I'd really appreciate if someone taught me here coz honestly I was totally lost at how I could improve my writing skills, there r no ways to improve my writing skills around me.
btw, it's already been a half hour since I started writing this lol ima very slow writer obviously.
well wat should I start writing?
I reckon there is nothing like japan in the world, you'd probably understand if u have the opportunity to go visit japan ^ ^
What a lovely phrase!
A metaphorical expression./ A metaphor.
After we fill half of the pot up, the rising of the water also become obscure.
Nobody can sensitively recognize the rising, and then suddenly this pot becomes ``unbalanced.``
This kind of corns, in other words, many intermediate Japanese students will start thinking ``Is mastering English from 30 years old impossible?``, ``Probably I don't have a talent for language`` (?) ``I don't think my English is improving, It's waste of time and money, I gave up.``
I tried to use a metaphor in this journal.
On the way home, I bought seven bottles of maple syrup and three boxes of maple cookies at a supermarket.
Are you actually using it?
Anyway, I think it's a good idea for revising words, not by learning new words in my opinion. It's also brilliant for learning KANJI CHARACTERS <3 xD.
I have to stay here until tomorrow morning.
The other day, I went to a musical instrument shop and bought a saxophone.
This morning, homestay father took me and my roommate to school, and taught us how to catch the bus go to school and back home, and he is interducing a christian church to us.
There is beautiful scenery, modern buildings, and animals which I have never seen before.
I sent you a sweeeet present!
From your crazy sister, Haruna
Like my mum and dad always love me despite all of my imperfections
``When you have a daughter just like you, then you can understand how I feel about you``.
After that, the girls prepared dinner.
It was very delicious.
I didn't know which course was suitable for me, so I selected the basic TOEIC course.
correct me if necessary. I am Lena, 15 years old.
Well, I like swimming, watching TV and different movies, listening to music, watching football, hanging out with friends, etc.
This is Oribe ware, one of Japan's famous potteries.
It has a strange design and beautiful green glaze on it.
When I drink a cup of coffee with this, I am very relaxed.
Last night one my good friend and I decided to make an air balloon out of paper.
And we had a balloon with a diameter of one meter.
We had a flat paper which turned into a big ball!
Today after lunchi thought: ``I would like something else..
Sorry, just a question.
Maybe because I lack a sense of security, some people might rely on their closest friends, their families or their boyfriends very much, but for me, I rely on my home a lot.
Even if I get a boyfriend, I will choose to live alone, because even if we break up, at least I have my home, and won't end up without a boyfriend and no place to live, that would make me feel like a loser.
I haven't contacted this for a long time
contact Becase of not enough time and the low intenet speed in
I went to my grandma's home with my parents today.
My grandma is living in a nursing home now.
and my grandma will be joining the wedding party.
Due to typhoon I don't have class in the morning
u know a typhoon is coming to japan.
I can even attach photo of these buildings.)
But anyway I really want to visit other countries, and with a great pleasure I would like to meet foreign cultures.
I exercise every night before going bed.
In can by easily demonstrated by comparing different Asian communities, such as the Man lineage or the Asian-American community.
To sum up, this kind of Asian community seems to be mainly the result of a Western idea.
Neither do I feel isolated nor do I feel inferior.
``Reading thousands of books is not equal to traveling thousands of miles; But traveling thoudands of miles cannot beat communicating with more people.`` by Yu Minhong, the chairman of Xindongfang.
Modern cities have been planned as business place, that is, the main idea is not have people living there.
Today, I bought a bottle of rice wine, ``Fuyu no sanpo``, from the nearest supermarket.
I think this bottle is showing chilliness and silence, and its naming is very suitable for this bottle.
The only thing you want to do is this shit ``, and because the little girl didn't have the force to fight with this sadistic ogre named Kabi the barbarian, she had to do all the things he said.
Every morning I meet him on my way to school, so we quickly became good friends.
If we asked for directions, they brought us there in person.
So, we went to a hot spring which took thirteen minutes by car from our house.
We often go there because it's equipped with not only hot springs, but a heated indoor pool, too.
I heard it was the same in China or in some of European countries
I have problems with choosing new jeans.
It's so ironic-low-waist fashion comes to Siberia from warm countries, but everyone just accepts it despite cold and long winters in Siberia.
I couldn't believe it, but there it was in black and white, as clear as it could be.
Please look forward to my diary.
She is working in a kindergarten as a doctor.
He faced about one thousand and nine challenges and finally, he met a person who was willing to buy his recipes.
But I realized that I can access it with ease.
I wish everybody a pleasant journey and a perfect future.
Then, we climbed up the mountain.
If it clears tomorrow morning, I plan to snowboard with friends.
Thanks to lang-8, I am so happy because I could make some new friends on this site.
I think next year will be more fruitful.
At the same time I am trying to be good man, so I can maintain positive relationships with others.
The first thing which came to my mind was, ``Why?``
The second happiest is North Korea and, the third is Cuba.
It is very interesting to try teaching! Then next week on Tuesday we will act on film about our school life.
Before this economic crisis began last September, a lot of workers had come to London from other EU countries (for example, Poland).
However, the UK, as well as another country are suffering financially, therefore it is very difficult for foreigners to get a job.
To tell the truth, I have hated studying foreign languages.
But there are few clouds today!
We used a separated room so going together didn't make sense.
The main reason that I came here is that I want to get a letter of recommendation from my professor but also I want to take a rest with my family.
I don't know.
I will make a presentation about a city: Hong Kong... and read a scary story....
Because there were just two banana sautes with powder sugar, no ice cream, no fresh cream...
The purpose of this trip is to make inventory clearance, to report the settlement of account in Augusut to the board members, and to take part in a conference.
It may be because of getting nervous or excited, however, I don't know why.
Please tell me the difference and situations between ``I will miss you.`` and ``I'm going to miss you.``
In fact, in high school my scores in English were good or excellent, especially in structure, but not so well in reading and writing. When I entered university and met different students, I realized actually how my language needs to be improved. I'm a medical student and I find difficulty in understanding some terminology, particularly at begning of my first year, even though I got a 6 on the IETS exam!
Now my medical terminology is good, but I need to improve my general language because I still can't read long stories or novels in English. I don't like having to open the dictionary each time to understand a word.
Then, I tryed to introduce myself.
I majored in International Relations.
Today it's windy.
I was so disappointed..
Day by day I feel the autumn getting deeper.
I love watching baseball games on TV and English football premier league.
Next month, I am going to go to Turkey with my girlfriend.
Please help me to learn English
This is the first time I have used this website with the help of my colleague.
Just like in every other country, McDonald's restaurant can be seen here and there in Japan.
Many Japanese people don't think that McDonalds 'hamburger is yummy. As proof of that, here is the result of a questionnaire about hamburger shops.
According to this article, many Japanese think that the most tasty hamburger chain is Mosburger, a Japanese hamburger chain.
His sudden career change was very amazing news in Japanese Economic circles.
I was VERY interested when I was at his house.
offense to Aristotle, but in my four years at ShanDong University, I
have come to find that passion is a key ingredient of the study and
Academic life was fascinating.
What I remember above all was always being
It was exhilarating, intimidating, sometimes even
discouraging, but always challenging.
Let's appreciate it and look
Refusal.
It is always difficult to refuse a date, because I don't want to look all conceited but I really don't want to go out when it is not the with the right person.
I had a lot of experiences like this and I realized that male and female can't be close friends.
an overcoat is 3000yen, and a hair cut is 1000yen.
How do we stop deflation?
My friend
So, I used this opportunity, I met my friend who is a teacher at a university.
I think that parents have to love their children.
I didn `t think it would be a love story and I was sure it was a typical modern book about nothing.
I'm tired
I feel a little tired, I don't know why though.
Although I want to believe this world wont enter into war, I feel something worse (coming).
It may not be delicious to foreigners, but if you have the chance to visit Korea I recommend you try this food.
I mean those who were previously diagnosed and require assistance
no longer require assistance at this time or those who were diagnosed and now require assistance.
I know it's mean for me to say something bad about someone behind their back.
Recently I went to a game shop to find some new games.
This Thursday, I will go to Tokyo to attend a ceremony of the company that I will enter next year.
I have been living in a student accommodation for about three years.
Then it would not make (any) sense for me to stay in the Netherlands.
Therefore I like this accommodation.
One of my friends did not (get to) know his neighbour [UK English] for six months.
So we would like to make the accommodation comfortable for the newcomers.
I'm learning to speak English in school
because I studied very hard....
I'm afraid of swine influenza.
I want to play sports occasionally, but don't want to belong to a sports club because it is too hard for me to participate a lot of days.
I really wanted to buy it, so I ordered it on the internet soon after I watched the TV program.
I skimped on dinner yesterday.
and I met a lot of foreign students.
But I had a language problem.
Recently, I made many types of bread.
I intend to teach Chinese around the world one day so I need to enhance my teaching ability.
People gradually become to stay at home in winter.
I think the weather is a very important factor that influences people.
Before the food is done, my husband put part-baked bread into the oven so that we could have it with the casserole.
You remember those days; when your mother knit a sweater in the dim light for you, or waited for you until midnight because you stayed out late and she wanted to make sure you came home. You know that there are many memories like that.
In the future, I might experience the new world with the one.
Expressing my appreciation-A useful Hiragana website.
I always appreciate your corrections to my journals.
Why should people get TOEIC score?
Because my birthday is in the summer, it means I'm going to get older?
I have native speakers in my school but I'm ashamed to talk to them.
It's a pen set and culture gift certificates!!!
The interest in reading
It is bad news for everyone.
Initially, I was supposed to wake up at eight o 'clock and
Monday morning
A turtle lives a long life.
Every time I have to write an English report, I cannot help but use an online translation application.
A phrase I like is: ``knowledge is power`` and English is the most useful power right now; there are hundreds of millions of English speakers.
It's no problem if the new students have a good personality.
We went to an Indian restaraunt.
Their atmosphere is high quality.
Anyway, I know I still have a lot of opportunities to improve my writing skills.
This is my first diary on Lang-8.
Now I major in english literature in university.
Mubarak has been the President of Egypt for 30 years.
They want to see the fall of Mubarak.
Allah will help the people of Egypt.
but the people of Egypt can't, because their government has blocked all Internet access.
My Favourite Sports
There are many beautiful clothes, dance movements in the film.
Please don't hesitate to correct my English.
When the earthquake happened, he was in a mansion.
I don't understand it myself ^ ^;
This season, a lot of colleges held school festivals.
In my college, I sold Adobo.
It's a Filipino food.
The goods were from developing countries.
my first diary
I'm studying English every day.
It's because I'll go to Toronto in Canada in April on a working holiday!
Eventually, I'd like to get an interpreter license.
But now, I'm not good at English.
Today, I tried to install EVERNOTE on my PC.
It seems convenient for me.
I definitely recomend this book to every child, but if it happened that some adult had not read it they should read this one.
I got up pretty early this morning.
Although nobody was walking along the dark street, I enjoyed walking briskly for about 30 minutes.
Looking forward to the future, I can see this is going to be something I haven't fully grasped.
I got the feeling that every skaters performed very well and they showed their high techniques under all that pressures, many expectations.
Mao Asada, the 19 year old captured the audience by completing a triple Axel successfully.
I like her performance in the short program.
I spend everyday just attending classes, doing homeworkand hanging out with my friends on holidays.
Even by doing so, it might be difficult to attain somethig special, but what is important is to try to have an awareness of issues and start a volunteering
Barcelona was a very exciting city for me.
Last weekend, I went to watch the rugby games.
Thank you for reading my journal
In the afternoon we played a difficult game. Oh it was crazy, I could not understand everything that the teacher said about the questions and the answer was also difficult but it was interesting.
Recently, an accident happened.
Japanese famous ex-F1 driver Katayama Ukyou climbed the mountain while training, for he has been planning to climb the highest mountain in the Antarctic (south pole continent).
They camped at the middle hight and a powerfful gust puffed off their tents.
He said at the interview that he will withdraw for at least one year.
The public viewing is an event where you cheer for the team through a huge television screen with a crowd.
It was a good game for Japan, but I think that there was a substantial difference between Japan and the Netherlands.
Today, I was required to go to school puntually and behave myself well.
I don't konw why we're supposed to take classes in such a marvelous summer vacation, which should have been full of joy, laughter, and merriment.
It seems that everything in my life just enveloped in terrible atmosphere.
although it sounds a little pessimistic and overstated, what I really want to say is learning is a lifetime and happy activity rather than pushing us to the limit with our mood depressed.
So I suppose we should cut down on the time we spend at desk.
Improving our knowledge by practicing it instead of talk about it thoretically is the most significant, positive, and effective in our life, in my opinion.
Today's menu is omurice!
I should be more optimistic.
Japanese food is popular in the Europe, US and China those days.
And also I push the wrong buttons on the keyboard, even when I write in Italian, my native langueage xD
uh, it's not exatly right xD but I'm trying, but I'm a self-taught girl (ok, I think this expression is incorrect) and I'm actually still at the 'HI, MY NAME IS ELENA'-things like that.
Hmmm...
I went to watch baseball with my friend a the ballpark.
A ballpark that has chicken and beer is like a paradise to me.
I think meeting is a good opportunity to grow by myself, so I must make good use of this meeting for my growth.
It's summer in Japan, so it's very hot and humid.
I went to a cell phone shop today because I lost the one I had before in Australia.
I'm looking forward to seeing my friends.
The College English Test's listening comprehension is difficult, but this is not the worst.
The dentist said it is not serious but I should brush my teeth in the morning and at night and seldom eat something acidic or spicy.
My roommate Fengyuan Zhu or ZHU Fengyuan have gone to Bejing.
Tomorrow is my last workday, because I told my boss I would be resigning from the job.
So I sometimes have a chance to talk to customers in English, and translate documents from English to Japanese.
I think it is good practice for improving my English, but I can't tolerate my boss's arrogance.
After finishing work tomorrow, I want to try to get a new job!
Then my English teacher said to me. ``Please call your roommate and tell her don't lose this test.`` As soon as my English teacher finished talking, I got my telephone.
The color is good, but my bangs are too short!
is a necessary class in our school.
Next, our school life will be happier.
classes are necessary because of the reasons stated above.
If you understand the humor, you could be from Osaka.
I know that I wouldn't have known how to read words, how to count the numbers and I wouldn't even have heard about the internet if I were in a severe poverty with unenlightened parents who are dying because of a lack of food.
If I were alive around my age luckily, my life would have been beared hearted towards the indiscriminate world.
I believe that people dominate environments, but at the same time, I also believe in the fact that environments can change people.
The survey of that most people in Africa live with less than a dollar proves it too.
I am going to bring some gifts for her, do you have any recommendations?
In spite of this situation, I'm spending the day as usual.
Incidentally, I'm going to watch hockey for the second time in a rowsinceI 'll be watching sledge hockey at the Paralympics tomorrow.
Yet, the frequent descent of the bears caused some serious problems such as causing some casualties.
I really want to do lots of valuable things in the future, so I may have to do regular exercise for it.
But, I enjoy the festival `s atmosphere.
It is so convenient for me.
I already watched ``Pursuit of happiness`` and
No matter what, I feel warm and comfortable. I won't sleep!!
I'm also learning Portuguese.
They taught me a little Portogeuse when I showed interest in Brazil.
Today I have decided to visit Brazil in 2016 because Olympic 2016 will be held held in Brazil.
He is only 28 years old, but is at risk for hypertension and obesity.
When I use English very often, I become better at speaking.
I am worried.
I received private request to talk.
``If someone doesn't know the history, he must see this history personally.``
About 4 months have passed since I came to Aus.
For this week I am staying with another host family because my host family are in Bali for 2 weeks.
It's used to explain hierarchical organizations that separate software developers from end users.
But we have never forgotten each other.
Kameta is from Kame, which means tortoise.
Japanese sometimes name their pets from their species.
She has shortened her hair.
I watched a movie yesterday.
It was my first time to go to the Tokyo Dome.
You can enjoy studying and learn some slang and daily conversation which you can't learn from textbooks or class.
If you can get Japanese ones, you can learn Japanese more efficiently by comparing with this site.
So, I bought a book called, ``Basic Grammar in Use`` written by Raymond Murphy and published by Cambridge University Press.
``Basic Grammar in Use`` is an American English Grammar Book and ``Essential Grammar in Use`` is a British English Grammar Book.
I appreciate this site!
Recently many people have their own blogs and some of them are open to everyone to communicate with each other; just imagine it's like a kind of class room or something.
I hope they will find an awesome drummer, because I like the band because of their drums.
There were some students who tried to remember, and then four of five students were given the gift.
I really like to sing this song when I watch the film with titled ``THE LORD OF STUDY`` made in Korea.
the Japanese lived during the Edo era.
Do your country's people know where Korea is?
Terrible!!!!!
I have various memories....
I've read twelve books by Agatha Christie so far.
We are going to have a gyoza party tonight.
I'm gonna cook gyoza for 6 people.
So she bought me clothes and a pair of shoes.
Afterward we went to get coffee and we ate a big cake.
When his father got ill and was dying, he called his son to his bedside and said against his will, ``I'll say goodbye to the present life very soon.
3 days ago I took a math test, today philosophy, monday I'll have history, the day after English, then physics and then science and then physics AGAIN!
I'll try to write some answers here to check my horrible grammar <<'''
Maybe because of our new roommate, or maybe not.
It is good for me to make a new habit, meet some new friends through here, create some ideas...
I am trying to create something new.
I'm working for a bank now and it is okay.
It is a system whereby salary and job position rise in accordance with age and length of service.
For example, in a traditional Japanese company, things like letting a young person make a big deal almost never happens, no matter how brilliant he/ she is.
20 minutes later I had to transfer to line number 3.
During my teens, I always listened to their albums.
Today, I bought a magazine in a convenience store that was on my way home.
I think fashion is used to show up my character.
I don't know much about that student. (The only thing I know is that she is one year younger than me.)
This company holds a composition competition.
(Normally it's 1800 yen) ($ 1 = 90 yen)
I went to see ``Inglorious Bastards`` today.
What will happen in the future? I look forward to it.
because some of my friends cannot speak Chinese very well
I also started to watch foreign films
I thought it was weird because there is priority among the issue that are reported. That is to say, I don't think it is appropriate to report all these issues about cheating.
Similarly in Japan, TV and news paper don't tell the really important news and avoid the topics that threatens the power.
movies, novels, and fairy tales talk about good triumphing over evil.
I'm Japanese, so I support Japan.
I won't return to face the difficulty, but these days, my mood is so down, I don't have a reason.
One of my cats loves to sleep near my PC.
It is so amazing.
I recommend it!
Thank you for reading my diary!
The job is very interesting and unique.
I want to study design in a foreign country in the future.
For example, good restaurants, beautiful sightseeing places and so on!
Of the Japanese artists, I like Shiina Ringo (toukyoujihen), Bump of Chicken, and Beat Crusaders.
If you get sad, whose songs would you recommend to me when I get sad?
When I'm stuck in my relationship problems, Britny Spears songs make me happy!!!
But I will be a supporter of Arsenal from now on.
However, the Japanese parties are defferent from the European ones.
After I arrived in Narita airport, I sent some of my baggage by delivery service.
They are older than me by 9 years and they are married.
Ummm, it's interesting.
When I arrived at the park, I saw the monkey. Since I wanted to take some pictures of the monkey, I touched the little monkey's head as quickly as the monkey back head and bite me arm.
Today, in English class, we thought of why people attend college or universities.
In my opinion-increasing demand of human resources with specific knowledge-if we would like to succeed in our career, we should be well-rounded people who have a practical and expertise background.
They must be required to submit a graduation thesis when they start job hunting.
I knew it after coming back from NZ, I really prefer living in country other than Japan..
I met some students who went back to their country after Voluntary Service Overseas.
It's a voluntary service to teach science with English to African middle school students.)
``I called the center, They told me
So, today, I went to the center for a physical examination.
So, English is essential for me to communicate with them.
I'm afraid of mistake.
I discovered that the cushion of the seat fell in.
Then, I remembered that the foreigner was seated alone. (There are two seats at one side and I had my partner.) Initially, I hesitated to talk to him because he only speak English.
Because the cushion of my seat is so bad ``
I can fix Korean entries.
There are some many analysis tools.
I am a single working mother.
So, to avoid the feeling of loneliness, I am getting started studying English!
I realize that many people study other languages hard as I correct and write journal entries in 'Lang-8'.
Let's start by studying English and Ehinese!
im not Japanese!!
Although I'd tried to make a good first impression it all collapsed in a second.
I carried him in my arms and looked around to find his master.
People write New Year's cards called ``nengajou`` in Japan.
Nengajou is a kind of unique card
I have finished writing nengajou today.
It's fun to get nengajou from my friends and former teachers.
The level of my English became better, but its just when I am talking with people who are not from UK or USA.
The seniors sometimes link daily things to technical terms. (I know!)
The wing was elaborate and delicate so it seemed there was no strap on her shoulder, and it looked real.
Following her downstairs, I was pretty sure that she was wearing platform shoes with high transparent soles, because she looked like she was floating several centimeters high above the ground.
I found '' osechi '', which is a Japanese typical dish, being sold in a convenience store.
These days, I feel unhappy!
So she and her husband have to fix a lot of things like the ceiling, wall and floor.
What a coincidence!!
At first, I thought it was just an evacuation training exercise but I soon found it wasn't. I smelled smoke as it filled up the building and saw dark grey smoke rising from the backside of our building from the window near reception.
Coincidentally, this was the last day of one of our classmates who came from Sweden.
I was tired, because there are always so many people in ikebukuro.
She's so brave to try to break down the barriers in the pursuit of love even breaking the rule set by god.
Recently, I've been muscle training.
Today, I went to Shizuoka airport by bicycle.
If you kill someone, you will become a murderer regardless of wether you are in lawful society or not.
However, if you kill someone in a war, it is likely that you would become a hero as you kill more.
I just want to say hello.
It's my first day using this epoch-making service, which my ex colleague recommended this Sunday.
I used to work for one of the translation/ interpreting service agencies in Tokyo as a sales representative, and heard many of our Japanese clients wanted the service called ``Check by Native,`` especially in cases where they had to present something very important in front of their clients, using memos (ppt.) which they wrote in English.
Like in the first case where you just want to know the ``facts,`` often seen in daily interaction in business, it doesn't matter whether a native or non native English speaker wrote the passage.
But in other cases like in a restaurant, ``feeling`` has much to do with your action.
It's interesting that the toughest subject for me is writing, which is totally different from what the teacher lead us to believe.
I tried to find the answer to that sentence for a long time.
The first answer is ``was`` and the last answer I don't know because it is difficult for me to understand and also I am too lazy to read the book.
One thing was very unbelievable.
During the two days of competitions, the cheer leading squads performances of each cllege (Such as China, a university is make up of many colleges) attracted us the most. It was also wonderful that some college girls dressed in bikini!
Because some colleges had professional athletes, our college didn't get one any gold medal but just only a few of copper medals. But it doesn't matter, we all enjoyed the spirit of striving!
Therefore, I believe that we need artificial sweeteners as a substitute of sugar.
But I was not able to let my fingers move on the piano keyboards well.
then my friend, (she is japanese, of course.)
we went to wp to gather with my cjs friends!
I'm physically getting weak.
Now, I'm drinking a lot of sport drinks such as Gatorade.
I heard that the foreign companies 'turnover is big.
I have attended someone's farewell party every weeks in September.
I am going to write this for tomorrow's exam.
Second, I often see people smiling despite their difficulties.
She fornicated with a friend of mine who came out of the closet, so you can say
that was adultery and infidelity.
She got groped (felt up) on the train, which made her androphobic...
I took a nap for fifteen minutes before leaving home for my part-time job.
She doesn 't have confidence about English, but she knows many verbs and conjunctions.
To my surprise, there were no stories nor paragraphs on her textbook but conjunctions and exercises.
Thank you for your cooperation.
It was owned by chicken egg farmers.
It can match with everything so I don't think it has a character of its own.
she `s left only I stay here
I `m lonely
but I don `t know what do I do
But if you finish your plate of food, the amount of vegetables and fruits you have eaten will be huge ``
Sometimes I cannot understand you.
Amusement park has disappeared.
That park resembles the Teletubbies hill.
so I hope that I will be writing one correct sentence.
I took my youngest son to the hospital because he had a fever for 5 days.
I went shopping inYuraucho last Saturday despite inclement (bad?) weather.
I was thinking my budget for them would be within ten thousand yen.
After that I lost my confidence in speaking English.
I hope my English speech skills will be great like an American!
At 11: 00, I always get out to eat, because I'm very foolish. I don't know how to cook!
Then I searched on the Internet, and I found some information that said the strings of a guitar need to be replaced every three months.
audience: There were many people in the audience at the concert so the musician was nervous.
My hobby is watching dramas and collecting lots of hilarious. jokes.
If you know any funny jokes, please tell me!!
I'm a new member, and I would like to improve my writing skills. I plan on taking the Ielts exam, and I want to get 5. 5 to enter the college.
I really feel lost and confused, because I don't know how to improve my writing skills. I know that they say practice and try to write and to show it to someone who is fluent in English Unfortunately, these people are not immediately available to me.
For a few minutes, I was browsing the internet, and I found your website. I hope I find what I'm looking for.
For example, the topic was ``How do movies or television influence people's behavior?
In his correction, he used the sentence ``As can easily be seen, watching a movie and learning about worldwide issues influenced me to make a donation.``
At the same time as this party, the 'LADY GAGA' concert was held at this stadium!!
His car skidded and overturned.
Is it wrong if I say ``Let's get started``, omitting the ``it``?.
If it were not Japan, the superior would be sued.
When I was a student, I spent a lot of money on music.
It said there is a still caste (?) system in certain areas in India. A young woman was killed by her mother because she was in love with a man who has a lower caste than hers. This sounds pretty much ridiculous (please stop putting-between your words.) and unacceptable in this society.
I want to speak more English!!
It looks very futuristic
Okinawa was warmer than Tokyo, because of its location.
This time, the airplane was delayed by 2 hours due to maintenance.
It's on the way to my home town.
The first thing we did when we arrived to the city was going to the graveyard, to pray for my grandpa's brothers who already died.
You could realize at first sight the city was colonized by Slavic countries by the names in the graves: Mostowski, Olosz (my family's name),
There is a wide street near-``Kutuzovskiy prospekt``-but trucks that deliver goods are forbidden there because it is a government street.
I haven't finished my bachelor's degree yet like normal people around my age.
But there, we study American English and we have few oportunities to hear a British accent.
My British friend recommended me theBBC's web site to study British English.
it is my first diary written in English.
I hope I can use this place to enhance my English ability. Especially my writing.
I love Caomima, because they are very brave, they are able to speak the unspeakable about darkness in our society.
I will write my way to utilize this web site.
I had many parties (eating jumbo parfaits, smorgasbords, and so on) and often eat something around midnight.
My family won the contest.
Because it makes me think about my dog.
Today I don't have any plans...
(some games in arcades disappear)
My friend ``aquadee`` has pain, too.
I pray that God heals the both of usr as soon as possible.
So she and I headed for Starbucks.
Tonight, I will watch the Japan vs Thailand& nbsp; volleyball game.
The last sentence I want to say is: ``Correct my entry, please!
Having been told about the website for quite a long time, I could not make a resolution to start writing until now.
Yesterday was an incredible day.
daily life
while I'm here in Japan, I have little chance to use English.
I am glad to come on here and get to know this website which may help me to improve my English/ Japanese.
On April 1st, April fool's Day, my country manager was layed off.
I need to try my best to build our relationship and get close him.
Now, I pronounce all words like in French.
I wrote about myself here just because I wanted to post with correct English on my profile space.
If you are a boy, It is very important that you know you have great potential to succeed.
It is important for me to find my favorite things in the daily life.
I Thank her for telling me to study English.
and I'm interested in French too
when can I use this sentence in conversation?
In the middle of it, I felt breathless and flush...
hello guys from japan, and my first diary about japanese disaster
thank_ you:>
Chinese people might be struggling
If you see me crying in the corner, don't laugh at me, please give me your sincere wishes and energy.
I also thinking that if he is curious in our life, you can enjoy being together with him.
You will be proud with yourself ``
I am also happy if someone like me because of who I am.
Do you like egg& rice?
He's so cute that I still can't resist and get sentimental.
because my husband is in the UK on a business trip.
There was a cute painting drawn in sugar on the top.
I will wait for my next chance.
As for me, I promise to help in studying English. And of course I will try to provide a funny and interesting meeting in Nevskiy prospect. =)
The severe lack of housing for students is reflected by the numberof students in dorm over the total number of students.
Workers have also encountered the same situation.
Recently, one of the goverment spokesmen said on the public media ``[we] will move the metropolitan universities to the suburbs``.
They could also make wrong sentences.
And I find that even after several Chinese have correctedsomeone's journal, there are still some errors.
It is easy--easier than any other foreign language.
twilght is my favorite, now! ~ vampire>_ <
I have been watching this channel for 3 months after I planned to practice my listening.
Not only does it have funny programs like Scrubs, Friends, Simpsons, etc, but also it's very convenient for me. Whenever I want to watch it, I can.
Sometime it's hard to believe that someone on Earth can really be that stupid, but that's what makes it so attractive that I somehow can't help but watch it everyday.
Today, I taught 6 children English, Japanese, and geography.
I used to have a fluent accent, a decent vocabulary and a good understanding of the spoken language too.
The disadvantages are you really have no say in your environment, hindsight is 20/ 20, and even if you have a good plan you don't always have the resources to execute it, while the future seems so far off and your parents seem so old you think you have a lot of time.
She has become beautiful.
I have only one brother so it's a bit of an embarrassing fact for me to have a sister.
In middle school, my most cherished time,
I could do everything with my friends, say anything with my friends, and I didn `t feel bored on weekends.
Love isn't everything; our family, our study, our career, our friends, and so on are also necessary.
I go to the library everyday because I have many times.
My favorite thing is to read a biography.
I borrowed a Walt Disney's biography today.
Recently, I have been busy job-hunting and attending class in university.
I'm a student who lives in Taiwan and I am studying in University.
I'm trying to learn English from them, but it does not help very much.
And needless to say, I'll visit The Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in Cambodia, which shows the savagery of Pol Pot's regime.
I have not had enough break time at my job these days.
I have studied English only by listening to audio lessons on the way home and on the way to work.
I thought, these days a lot of people study Chinese.
Hello, I am Japanese and I live in Japan.
Speaking English is one of a very difficult thing.
It is difficult for me distinguish between [L] and [R].
he was always in a good mood and always had something positive to say.
when someone would ask him how he was doing, he would reply, ``if I were any better, I would be twins!``
That's sounds a little bit weird for foreigners being asked for their age. It is kind of taboo especially for westeners.
The big event, The Winter Olympics starts today!!
I want to write things but english is very difficult for me.
University is said 'Hesitation term of life'.
The problem about that is that don't how how to earn (money?) in those places.
I may not be able to say anymore, though foreigners say Ghibli is not so much fun.
I know the insurance fee is $ 12 per package. I ordered 3 DVDs.
Strawberry was 100 yen for 20 pieces or so.
A pickled green leaf vegetable was 50 yen.
It is a grated radish.
I ate Daikon Oroshi and pickled vegetables with rice for lunch.
I hope this marketing style (local product for local people) should be more encouraged for both consumers and farmers.
They had tried to keep in touch but it was impossible.
Unfortunately, she just called him to say that she was leaving him, and to let him forget her.
Please correct it
I am fond of foreign cultures and interested in people who are from all over the world.
I was a mechanical technician in the past 3 years.
I cannot translate the sentence below.
She asked, ``Son, are you okay?``
I am not a mysophobic, but I cannot stand dirty floors.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Even if they did not have any music class at school, they would listen to their favourite singers and groups.
They can deepen their bonds through other school events such as cultural festivals.**
That is why students should learn more practical and useful subjects first which will help them attain their goals.****
In my own opinion, although music has many advantages of relaxing and making people happy, we can live without using it as a job.
Therefore, more significant and valuable subjects should be taught with a priority.
November 23rd is Labor Thanksgiving Day in Japan.
Labor Thanksgiving Day!?
When I passed by 'The Rogers Center', I realized that there was a flyer posted on the wall for ``Toy Story 3 On Ice``, a ticket booth was nearby, so I stopped at the booth to find out the details.
When I asked the clerk how much the tickets were, and at what time the show would start, she replied that the cheapest ticket was 15 dollars and the show would open at 7.
So then, I bought a ticket.
My favourite scene with Barbie and Ken was also fun.
During the interval, Mickey, Minnie, Goofy and Donald Duck warmed us up!
And (their) pizza is so delicious...:)
We will stay for one night at a local inn in Toba, Mie Prefecture, next to Aichi where I live.
Busy day which I didn't expect....
But, if it snows, there are many troubles in everyday life. For example, I have to be careful when driving a car, and snow prevents the traffic system from working normally.
I hope I can practice using more English here.
I deposited in my best friends Sung-hwan& Krissy's account because of my loan?@_@;; then I ate a Korean noodle with Krissy at lunch.
In the early morning, I got up because today I had to take my daughter to meet her first teachers.
I dont understand them.
Doing something at first is very exciting as you know.
I'm a little bit nervous and excited.
because today is a rainy day.
can you help me?
For example, the people with pets generally have lower blood pressure and lower rate of depression than those who don't own pets.
75% of families who acquired pets reported an increase in the level of happiness and enjoyment in the homes.
And Start to exercise!
It is a long-running doll, much like a Barbie. I used to play with Lika-chan when I was a child.
But we couldn't find any water. Many people are out buying water after hearing that Tokyo Water Official detected something bad in the city water a few days ago because of the Fukushima nuclear power plant.
But I can't take the medicine for a cold.
Because I have already taken medicine for my eyes,
However, nobody helps me even if I worry about this situation.
Shop assistants in Japan say ``I ra ssha I mase``. It's sort of like saying ``Welcome.``
The last time I wrote something in some kind of journal was a really long time ago and I stopped because of my ultimate laziness.
Lask week, our school did/ carried out a survey about/ on whether it is good to make friends on the Internet.
Firstly, some students believe it is easy to get on well with net friends.
Secondly, we can take part in interesting activities with net friends.
Not just for the short term but also for the long term simultaneously.
When October comes, I always think about how I fill the gap between the goal I defined last year and the actual outcome.
My cousin bought a chicken for my dogs..
Today's dinner was chicken.
One learner wanted to transfer to other jobs using his billingal skills. I'm not an expert but I tried to do my best for him.
It was a question which asked you to chose the correct conjunction among some choices.
He had to put one additive conjunction on the sentences.
It's a traditional way to celebrate new year's in Korea.
Although It was the coldest day, I'd been waiting an hour to see that
But I couldn't because it is unusually freezing outside.
Especially a boy called Haidar. He is very clever, because he knows a lot of Chinese words, although most of them are bad words.
But if I failed the exam I cannot go there...
It is popular among young Japanese girls.
At that time, all high school teachers told us, ``Keep studying hard for one year, after entering a good university, your bright and easy days will come.``
The thing is, this area does not follow the Traditional Chinese culture and people here speak Cantonese, a language I can't understand.
My colleague asked me why I want to study abroad today, and, frankly speaking, I am really not sure why I want to do it.
A: The weather is raining outside, remember to ``take`` an umbrella with you.
B: The weather is raining outside, remember to ``bring`` an umbrella with you.
Some college students held a birthday party for babies born in December.
But a baby came on the stage while they were playing the show, and it interrupted a student who was playing music again and again.
So I stayed in my companies dormitory over 2 days.
Teachers belonging to ALC taught us English conversation.
I watched a TV program called, ``Sekaiichi Uketai Jyugyo.`` In this program, they said that crocodile tears means untrue tears.
I noticed this is happening for rest of the world.
One of my friends, who is a foreigner told me this web site.
I ordered an iPad2 at the Apple online store almost a month ago.
I think my reading comprehension needs to improve, and it's difficult for me to get the main idea of a paragraph.
For me, too many practices before the language test are not helpful!
Because when there are some questions I can't get the answer, I will become nervous and anxious, these emotions only made me perform badly when testing.
Hope, I won't be asked the questions which might be too difficult for me.
But I also lack English language skills.
First, I went shopping at UNIQLO.
They're very warm clothes.
They're too expensive. (;_;)
The status of my application had been changed to ``Pending Contract`` after being stuck ``in Review`` status for a week.
I participated in the bowling event held by my English school last night.
It had been a long time since I have done any bowling, so I wondered if I would do well or not at first, but my team (my friend and me) won third place!!
Kao Corporation is one of the most famous chemical and cosmetics companies in Japan where their products are used almost in every house (in Japan).
Although I can study and I have many ways to learn it even in Japan,
When I visited Philippines last month to study English for 2 months,
I might as well use English to communicate with them.
I stayed there almost for an hour.
I considered whether I should get one of them or not.
But the most successful of them all has always been capitalism.
, people are scared to take them.
So the real cause of the spread of drugs, especially among young people, is the misconception about marijuana.
Many gangsta rappers rap about smoking weed... I watched 8 mile (about half of Eminem's life) 3 years ago, and the movie depicted people smoking weed as a matter of fact!!
So, as a conclusion, I want to sate that not only must the government make the already existing laws tougher, but also censor the media, which have a tremendous influence, especially on young people.
First, I like this website because everyone is kind enough to correct my poor writing, (though, my dictionary is always beside me, just in case.) Usually those who correct my diary leave messages for me.
That is what I meant yesterday.
I received two packages
``seeing is believing`` ^___________________ ^
It is a little dificult for me, but I always enjoy discussion with my teacher in English.
Since I had a day off this year, I went skating with friends.
Was it?
I will be satisfied with it as only space for sleeping ``
What she recommended is managed by her office.
I don't know if I should be studying the Japanese grammar at the same time...
I've only had a little food but I don't feel hungry.
Sometimes I am not hungry but I want to eat....
I'm gonna read the book entitled, NY Institute of Photography.
OK buddy, I'm gonna learn more slang later, I hope RAVI will be mad at me. Shame on you! LOL
I will be careful about that from now on.
Though I speak say travel is my hobby, I haven't actually gone to many countries.
When I was on the campus alone, maybe I was seen as a strange person by many students because of my appearance.
The first time I tasted it I thought it was too sweet.
Two chocolate buscuits sandwich a hard chocolate inside and again, the biscuits are coated with chocolate.
The first Tim Tam I tried had orange tasting chocolate inside.
Bite the head and the bottom off the biscuit.
I am going to exercise every day.
To teach Korean to them is not easy but very exciting to me.
July 7th is a special day for us Chinese people because there was a romantic story that happened on this day a long time ago.
A Goddess didn't want to see them together, so she placed them into two stars with her magic.
One day, lots of magpies flew together from all directions to formed a bridge in the sky. The pair of lovers could then meet again by the magpie-bridge across the Milky Way.
missing him made me not interested in my job, my sale performance was not so good, my boss was very angry with me.
I like this song's melody and lyrics.
However it is difficult for me to sing to the guitar, and to pronounce English lyrics.
But I brought some bread to eat with my friends,
The table is very dirty. <buy a dictionary please
Have a nice weekend.
I am majoring in English literature and I feel it's a burden.
Haven't been here for a long time
Haven't been here for several days.
I feel so frightened/ scared.
Sometimes I see other (people's) excellent articles and I just admire them.
In these times, I sometimes think about the reason why I continue to work.
I feel very happy if my colleagues and friends are envious of my promotion.
I'm really glad if my wife or parents give me some words such as 'congratulations!
A public servant must serve our nation and people!
We would like to know if there are no problems for us to act as as the sole distributor?
Well, I'm really interested: Do you, English speakers, use all your tenses which we (foreigners) are studying at schools or universities? Recently we learnt about the future tense and there are so many kinds of expressing it, like future continuous, future perfect continuous and future perfect simple.
and in the afternoon, in the Classical Literature class, I watched an animation called Bleach, in which my favourite actor is cast.
He was the most famous pro-wrestler in Japan.
He was stronger than any other wrestler so he was the strongest, in first or second place.
He was the president of his pro-wrestling company called Noah,
It was big news in the sports newspaper in the morning, so he was on the top page in the sports newspaper.
Other sports newspaper's top page was also him.
He often appeared on TV programs so people will be sad for him, even those who don't like pro-wrestling or watch pro-wrestling.
His cause of death was being hit on the back of his head because he took a backdrop from his oponnent.
Two men's wrestlers have died in the ring since the year 1953.
She refused to watch the Titanic movie.
Shiba is a Japanese breed of dog. They are a medium-sized and very clever.
It's her first time going to a foreign country alone.
because I thought I could get good score like 700.
mn------can I excuse this result? lol.
and it felt troublesome to read them again.
I spend free time absently.
I think I am lazy. I haven't write anything.
Today, I received the decision for studying abroad.
However, studying English while also studying chemistry was difficult, so I felt relieved a little.
Hi, thank you for your reply.
Luckily, I am not.
Studying English and Japanese
The building in the Heian-jingu shrine is a replica of the imperial palace in Kyoto city in the 8th century.
After shopping, we ate ``Shabushabu``.
It is a meal where many vegetables and thin slices of beef are dipped into boiling water.
The ``Shabushabu`` restaurant which we went to seems to be popular with many foreigners.
There were many foreign visitors in the restaurant.
Second, I wish to speak engish very well.
Third, I will help members that will learn the Korean language.
Because of these reason, I registered for this website.
my objection for in internship
Oh my goodness help me!
By the way, his name is ``Free-Za``. He appeared in Dragon Ball Z, which is a famous animation in Japan.
to keep competitive in the intensive race.
I had made some friends who are Japanese.
He wanted to have his own farm/ poultry farming and really healthy poultry.
I've started reading the manga One peace, which is written in English.
Sometimes decisions are made regardless of our opinion, and we have to follow them anyway.
Thank you for coming and visiting us at Onoda-shi, Yamaguchi on January 21.
A mother said that your picture book reading was so wonderful!!
I wanted to enter it but I was afraid that the price might not be friendly for my wallet.
And I learned about life through movies.
Sometimes, when I am bored, movies help me to spend time.
Please recommend interesting movies.
A strong typhoon is approaching the main island of Japan.
The weather forecast warns that there will be strong winds and heavy rain.
Poverty in Vietnam will increase because of soaring inflation over the last time, thus the Vietnamese goverment has to continue implementing measures to curb inflation, said Mr John Hendra, the chief executive of the United Nations Agency in Hanoi
However, there are still areas in poverty that are difficul to address, particularly in ethnic minorities and he called on the goverment to adopt a new approach
But it has been a tough month because I had to settle the accounts for the fiscal year of 2009.
I'm in charge of the accounts of a production affliate company in Kyusyu.
The first time I met him, he talked about ``SD Gundam`` and ``The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya`` and I couldn't understand everything he is talking about.
After leaving from Tokyo, he will go to Shizuoka to view a big Gundam model.
Without Anna, I cannot get my English better.
Anyway, I have to mention that I leave on August 26 to US.
I want to say thank you for everyone who taught me English so far.
Especially, writing is mush better than before even though I still have a lot of mistakes which I can't notice until people say.
However, he doesn't know that she recorded every song he sang each day.
Compared to Asian culture, somethings were similar but somethings were completely different.
I want to get a driver's licence.
Watching the lower classmates take part in it.
I suppose he is in pain because he has been alone for a very long period and has to deal with the feeling of being the last one of his race.
I can't forget the peculiar taste of ttomyangkkunh of thailand.
I will write in my diary continually.
It is a service is similar to Lang-8 but this can help us exchange languages with foreign friends and practice the language you are studying.
In addition, dormitories are safe.
These days, I'm very tired and sad because I have to study hard for my University entrance exam.
I love listening to English music, but I often don't know what they are singing about.
The story is happened in some high school.
the biology teacher experimented on one girl named Hyeon-ju.
She bit the teacher.
And they bit others.
And Hyeon-ju bit the ambulance driver and paramedics.
You need to be independent.
I have not felt aftershocks since last Friday.
In Tokyo, there are aftershocks everyday.
I hope that many people will read my diary and correct my sentences.
please correct the sentences, and be my friend!
I passed all my exams with excellent scores, and I am very happy!
I want to go to Moscow to the theatre.
Sorry for my bad English.
They were standard questions, like self-introduction, your personality, why did you select this major?
And now look at my essay:
Games are undoubtfully important for the health and physical skills of children.
But unfortunately, today we can see that our favorite yard games are not so popular among kids.
I am not an athletic fanatic, but at least they have to feel curious and to be interested in
Open air games develop physical skills, make children stronger and faster and improve their health.
I drink a few cups of coffee everyday.
I cannot rest because I have been so busy.
I will goin for an English recitation contest at university tomorrow.
It consists of fifteen pages and takes eight minutes to read.
I hope I will be to able to be calm during my turn.
I read a book written by an American professor in Japanese.
I was not the presentation today, which meant all I had to do was just listen intently.
Besides, everyone of us has to participate in preparing for the procedure.
This ceremony derived from the event that the prince of Nintoku emperor sent a gift to his fiancee.
I may discontinue again, but I'm gonna continue learning!
Even though I am Chinese,
The reason why is because graverobbers destroyed tumuli (plural of tumulus) lead to many mummies being dismembered and moved out from coffins, so empty coffins were recycled and used again.
Apart from people's mummies, it displays/ shows animals's mummies, which is a cat, eagle, crocodile, and mini snake.
Honney-ginger means ``bottled ginger with honey``.
This year my friends and I have decided to attend seminars by ourselves. Since we have lots of free time we waste it without doing anything in college.
And I can do one of my hobbies with friends.
That is, learning new languages.
Yesterday a big ship came to Kobe.
I guided foreign travelers yesterday.
However, I wasn't nervous and could guide them after all.
I will go to a university to have an interview tomorrow.
I have a question about a column.
I never know how to play the piano or guitar like others, or do as well in French or Japanese.
As a result, I found this website and enjoyed correcting articles written by some foreigners because I am good at it and it makes me feel good no matter they thank me or not.
Eid al-Fitr is an event usually staged by the religious community, which is a group of people who practice the same religion and it is one of the two most important Islamic celebrations.
Eid al-Fitr happens on the first day of Shawal month, which follows Ramadan and we celebrate because we have completed one month of fasting.
The second most important Islamic festival is Eid al-Fitr and it is organized by the local community.
He says: yeah, really cute!
Another example, you find yourself alone with your dad's friend.
I broke up with my boyfriend.
The principal speaker asked us a question at the very moment the class began: ``Have you determined to persevere to prepare for the 2011 Postgraduate Qualifying Examination?`` Then he explained his question, ``To start to prepare is different from to persevere to prepare.``
Everything sold out, but my lower back hurt.
The pain was awful and uncomfortable.
This afternoom our class will be having a class meeting which will be about electing elite as Party members.
I submited an application for Party membership when I entered the university the year before last.
For people from outside like me, adapting themselves to the community is little bit difficult.
In other words, for someone who is member of the community, it is very comfortable and safety place to live.
My favourite team lost!
My favourite team lost!!> <
My husband told me to call the office for sick leave, but I knew I couldn't.
My dream is to be a millionaire.
I don't care even if other people say ``You can't be a millionaire because you are not rich right now``.
I must be successful because I believe in myself and I try to be a good person.
This is a sentence which was written by a native English speaker.
I've wanted to see these shows because my friends always tell me that these shows are very interesting.
``sometimes people need to have a break``. I can only console myself with this thought.
I got up at elevent O 'clock, then had breakfast and lunch.
Tomorrow I have English class, so today, Sunday, I am studying very hard.
I listen to English a program on my ipod every morning while I'm on the train going to my work.
I don't have a foreigner friend.
They've studied all subjects like mathematics.
Three days from now I have a chance to go to New Zealand.
This saturday I went to Shiga as a part of my group activities.
Today, I have some classes at my college.
Especially I love my pet dog!
On Saturday morning, my friends buy breakfast for me.
I heard from my parents that the pollen count is expected to be two to six times higher than average
Lately I walk with my dog early morning.
When the number of ATPs becomes less than the number of AMPs (having 1 phosporic acids), a hormone called AMPK, which senses the balance between ATPs and AMPs, will be activated.
This exposition was devoted to Salvador Dali. I never have seen his painting in the museum until this moment.
I knew little about him.
I'm so glad to see that my diary has been changed.
I believe in ghosts!!
My friend has seen ghosts and he has a special ability that he can see ghosts.
The drama is really fun!!
David Byrne is always cool.
I'm studying English in my school.
I will keep on trying!!!:-)
The weather is cloudy.
But, it's beautiful.
I didn't have any Indian friends in Taiwan
All my foreign pals are Japanese.
The flavor of curry is so unique.
She mixed yogurt, basil, cilantro and chicken together.
But the type of rice is different from Taiwan.
Every ethnic community has their own character.
I'm worried that drinking too much coffee may be bad for my health.
My favorite color is white, so my car is white.
because of that, I want a white 4G iPhone.
Last Thursday I quit my school.
It seems to follow that I decided to buy it.
My favorite author.
For example, a 32 inch TV, a bus trip, a toaster, etc.
Because, I am so busy on business, so I can't get straight holidays.
Sometimes I make an English sentence for foreigners.
I wonder if my writing is correct or not
Why don't they standardize the size of books like Japan!
If you have an opportunity to come to Japan, I recommend that you to go to a ``Yakitori`` restaurant.
I also want to learn German because I really love German football and FC Bayern;-) this is my first diary.
The sun today was so hot that we were all getting faint.
Today, when I was about to eat curry rice, I saw the curry soup was sticky. Then, I smelled it and found out that the potatoes went bad.
Today, I went to the supermarket named Ralphs near my hotel, and bought sushi.
I interested in Fashion, Art, and Music from the 90's!
And the game featured them will be released this December.
I am ``good at`` speak Japanese but I am ``not good at`` speak English.
This function is said to be very convenient for people who suffer from hemorrhoids.
When I left a restaurant, it stopped raining.
... I visited Yakushima.
Today I met juniors in my university, and tomorrow I volunteer for an elementary school
I feel an urge to preserve the wildernesses for the sake of the beautiful planet.
I like a crescent moon better than a full moon.
I have a sore neck because I leaned my head back and looked up at the crescent moon.
I am a software engineer.
my boss is coming! See you later!
He spent almost five years working in Indonesia, my family changed a lot in both a negative and positive way.
Honestly, this is an extremely unnecessary incident.
Mango has become my favourite fruit since I traveled in the Philippines three years ago.
Please help me!
I am going to send E-mail to my friend who an international student today.
Do you remember me? My name is ko-chan.
Please correct my sentences.
With this new awareness, Lisa got the permission she needed not to worry so much about Jim.
She may try to pull him back mentally by asking him guilt-inducing questions such as ``How could you treat me this way?`` or ``What's wrong with you?`` or ``Don't you realize how much it hurts me when you pull away?``
HOW A MAN 'S PAST MAY AFFECT HIS INTIMACY CYCLE
Deep inside he may be afraid he is unworthy of love.
I want to get high score in TOEIC.
I'm waiting for Avril Lavigne now.
As it is so amazing, I choose it after taking the 2007th college entrance exams.
Recently, I'm writing a science thesis to participate in a science thesis comptetition.
Whatever the outcome, I will do my best and not disappoint you! ~
I'm looking forward to it!
Mah-jang culture came from India or China in ancient times, and finally came to Japan in the17th century.
He is acomplete beginner, so I can easily earn money from him and his friends.
I drew a picture with green and brown crayons yesterday.
I haven't used crayons since I graduated from elementary school so I've forgotten that 'Crayons Are Great'.
I `m a university student now, and I` m studying organic chemistry.
Because I don't know how I can begin to learn this unfamiliar language!
As it stands, I am azoospermic.
I toasted some bread and then put a lot of cheese on it.
I microwaved the cheese bread for a minute and the cheese melted out of the bread onto to the plate.
Although, the language I want to learn the most right now is japanese because I really want to go to Japan one day.
Because of this I haven't used an internet cable yet.
Last week, I could browse and make corrections easily.
She was wearing a shocking pink sweatershirt.
It is difficult for me.
I'm a software engineer
I'm studying Chinese and English.
My goal is to use English for business and to communicate with foreign friends.
Go studying English!
I also receive some ^ ^.
I'm convinced that is the reason because other students played their parts very well.
Today, Richard asked us to talk something about the global finacial cricis.
yeah, many students in my class can speak fluently english, but no one can say it well, and we just had a three-days holiday, little had found this online, Richard seemed a little angry, but he didn't tell us, just asking us to do it for the next class.
I found this statement (as follows) in my textbook for studying English. (optional)
I hope there is no damage from this earthquake.
I have been aware that I really need to improve my English skills, such as speaking, writing, reading, and especially listening, because now my listening is not very fantastic.
I don't know how to use this, I am a Chinese girl, but I am in US now.
The main characters are Tom and Huck.
Now I've been singing Vanessa's song ``Come Back to Me`` for 3 hours. (Maybe my neighbours can hear a little of my voice through the walls.... It's OK.
Or is Zac going out with Ashley?
But I have also seen photos where he hits it off with Ashley.
Then, we chatted about matters of common interest.
After that, we took a special lecture by a Professor from their university.
More and more people, especially women, would like to live a life which is full of freedom, and many of them may choose to be single for life, for example.
I like walking in the a shady path alone.
Ever since opening Taiwanese investment in the Mainland in 1990, the outflow of the capital has caused an economic crisis in Taiwan.
My English cram school teachers are foreigners.
I can't imagine that I go abroad alone.
Mixed feelings again.
Firstly I feel happy because of someone who when we first met told me I look like a singer.
This Wednesday I had a Chinese speech contest at my school.
I'm not alone, right?
I can't speak fluently
Cooking lesson
My favorite baseball team is the Yomiuri Giants,
Cakes made at the cake shop are strange, because the cake shop is a Japanese sweets shop.
Just a month has passed since a large earthquake hit Japan (3. 11).
So in Japan there are 2 layers of high presure: the Chibetan high pressure and the Pacific high pressure. That's why I am almost dying...
I'm currently a college student at Jiang Xi Normal University, majoring in Business English.
Reading books, watching movies, listening to music and collecting pins are my hobbies.
I'm teaching an American friend Chinese as a part-time job.
This minute it was raining, but the second minute it's sunshine.
I have been thinking about this question since I decided to take the New
And now what I came up with is to make ``kisapedia``, which is just an explanation of the things I am interested in.
That is, writing a personal wikipedia.
I want to read English books.
But I have no chance to read English books because English books are too expensive.
I am writing this diary without looking at the dictionary.
Please help me with my diary.
I am wondering how much time it will take for me to be able to use English like I used to be; but, I will do my best, be diligent and be proud of myself.
Recently, I really want to go back to Vancouver, the best place in the world, especially in the summer.
I hope that one day I will go back there and watch the brilliant fireworks again.
It is located in the center of Tokyo, and famous for many big shops of electronical appliances.
There are many ``Maid Cafe``, where girls in costumes of maid serve you with interesting performances.
Beside the mantelpiece he was scheming his escape from his home.
When I was an elementary school student, I hated writing a diary. (even though it was homework, I did 't do it)
In addition, a journal will be the most priceless thing for me when I become an old man/ grow old.
I saw Happy turn, which is a Japanese rice cracker CM.
I think it is about the guy who kept eating only McDonald's Hamburgers and fries.
Starbucks Japan announced that they will sell a new instant coffee in April.
I hope that the new instant coffee doesn't destroy Starbucks's brand (OR name).
I'm interested in your Japanese class, and hope to join as a tutor.
And how many Japanese tutors will be there each day?
Through this class, I want to make American friends, and enjoy talking.
Thank you very much for your time.
Everyone helped me so I will do my best ^ ^
Even so, we saw lots of beautiful trees (even they were more than 3000 years old!).
Yesterday's dinner
We entered the Izakaya and ordered from the menu.
We ordered non alcohol drinks because we both came here by car.
There are a lot of people here who decide that they are native English speakers, such as Pakistani, Nigerians, Indians, Ghanaians, South Africans, Irishmen etc.
Please, if anybody can make a few comments concerning matters of my introduction, I'll be very glad to share a lot of interesting stories about the UN, Africa, Western Sahara, Morocco, and I'll be ready to be a good adviser for those who want to improve (their) Russian or start to learn it.
Well I am Chinese. Some people on the internet ask me whether or not I am a foreigner. Well, if I don't know your nationality I can't give you an exact answer:) If you are not Chinese, then to you, well, I am indeed a foreigner!
but actually, Chinese new year hasn't come yet, coz we celebrate a lunar new year.
My girlfriend and I went to Yilan this Monday to Wednesday.
I failed again and again, and I never successfully stood up on the board.
I will talk more about the places of Yilan later.
The screen was spinning before my eyes, so I totally got disorientated@_@ I tried to get myself on track, but then my friends suddenly screamed: '' Will, you idiot!!!!
Now I want a motorcycle and am dreaming that I can get a big one and travel around the world.
I'm so looking forward to going there, but I also wonder if I'd hit it off with Europeans.
Goodnight, byebye, see you.
When reading Pygmalion, I find that my ``descriptive`` vocabulary is very poor, e. g. about/ concerning architecture, or furnishings.
I am so curious how some people can speak their second language as proficiently as their mother tongue.
The test had grammar questions, close questions, essay writing, and oral questions.
I made three friends and had lunch with them at the foodcourt.
who can possibly imagine that I can download a 30 gigabyte HD movie file in 15 minutes!
so its very delicious.
Open source conference in Tokyo
I joined the open source conference yesterday.
All the people I met yesterday were gentle, and they taught me the various things about open source on the internet.
In my hometown, this rent could give me a 1R which is 3 minutes 'walk from the station and provides comfortable amenities.
Prices in convenience stores may be almost the same, but when I go shopping in vegetable stores or the local market, things are as different as in rates (?).
This difference robs me of opportunities to eat fruit (^ ^;) (in Tokyo I rarely have fruit anyway, though).
When I got home I was hungry and tired, but I liked it.
Relaxing day
He showed me a lot of postcards.
I wouldn't like to lose interest in swimming, so I must warm my body through exercise before I start?.
Again, I was too lazy to make any compositions.
I listened to his songs today and he's my favourite rapper. I think he's the most handsome of all rappers lol
Hello Everyone!
I read English Books to help children to study.
Please help me to fix this document.
I'm going to Asakusaby bicycle for health.
Saturday!!
(OR-I will be going for a drink with my former high school teacher the day after tomorrow.)
I haven't gone drinking with anyone this much older than me without somebody else, so I feel a little tension.
Are the students able to understand English grammar?
I thought that I was definitely not good at it.
In other words, I've totally screwed up.
The white and well ripen corn () out of the hus (k) makes me happy and I anticipate how () it will taste ().
So I'm very happy because hiking is my favorite hobby.
But I am a little worried for the rainy season.
I will organize an English Club for my company and also host it next month. Our aim/ goal is to let the English learners around us get together and open their mouths to practise their oral English.
For these reasons, I thnk education that aims at development of individual talent rather than learning by rote is needed.
My high school give us many chances to go other countries.
``Everything was over-produced or just junk.
It is so splendid.
Because, we were able to eat fresh fish, shrimp, salad, etc.
I don't want to let he be unhappy.
As soon as I arrived I noticed there were a lot of foreigners, but I didn't talk with anyone. I tend to get nervous when I have to speak in English because I have no confidence with my spoken English fluency.
One of my elder sister's family came back from Kagoshima to live with our parents seven years ago. Since then, my sister, nephew and niece have lived with them.
I think this movie is a very interesting story.
Finally, we made an appointment to see him in his home town, Bergium.
Cloudy, rainy and sunny, Tuesday, 28, April, 2009
Sweet Moment-Translation# 03
I want to learn child-nurturing methods used in the US, and to do the work that is related to the child's future.
It is maybe an action movie like Independence day or Armageddon....
I can study English in various ways on the internet.
Take for example EnglishCentral; I can practice listening and pronunciation on the site.
It's so happy for me because it's a chance to improve my English skills and I can save money for buying my favorite things.
I remembered it was very interesting and wonderful, and most of the pavilions had a long line.
I want to go again, although I forgot the name of the restaurant.
I feel Christmas is coming, seeing people who have
Starbuck's tumblers with the Chiristmas colors; red, white or green.
In order to attend a kimono auction, you need a license.
I will go to Hawaii next summer.
Generally, I don't say much if the atmosphere of a conversation gets tense.
However, I will find another way to say sorry for my irascibility.
Because I had to teach her math, I do not want to go library.
She never thought of anyone else
And there is a bad smell around them because they became spoiled; (I think a man who threw them away is very stupid and cruel.
It's a little inconvenient, although it's good for relaxing.
Maybe I should live life more slowly.
Why do people think days pass by so quickly after forty years of age?
But she felt days past by really fast when she was forty.
Usually, the beans are sold with seasoning such as soy sause.
So, a little bit of soy sause will spice up the beans.
Due to the unique texture and taste, some people are not fond of it.
Yeah, at least I'm alive, and I have a job.
It's similar to ``Mentalist`` in that both protagonists of these two dramas can read someone's mind with their amazing skills.
Wouldn't it be awesome if we could read someone's mind like they do?
Well hope I can make lot of friends here and exchange languages (language correction?) with each other.
In modern life, I think most people have an image (icon). Maybe the image is (of) an economist, a president or a drawer (artist), and so on.
These people have an important influence on the admirer.
In the first instance, I think that he is a prime singer and dancer.
Because there aren't (many) people who can reach the attainment like he reached in this world.
He often takes much money to help (needy) children through social welfare institutions.
After school, I have to go to cram school.
Now I'm writing the text of my presentation.
But, it's tightly connected with the previous stories. If you don't remember the stories, it's better to watch T1& T2 before you go to the theatre.
It is always nice to write here for I am always so curious to find out who will be my first writing corrector (or should I say who will be the first one to correct my writing, but no matter who you are, I would like to say ``thank you`` to all those who check my writing, you are the most wonderful people in the world!
You've got to know the difference between ``given name`` ``family name`` and ``middle name``. I often mixed them up before, but now all is clear.
There is one thing you should always keep in mind: when you fill in a form, please mind your writing. If you use joined-up letters, then it would cause people trouble (in) recognizing what you wrote.
This weekend I'm going to the beach with my girlfriend to meet our friends there.
Although I have listened to this song somewhere before, I did not know the title and singer until quite recently.
My chance to get to know the song was a CM by a company of Instant noodles.
I was born in a northern city of China, and I went to college in a north-eastern city.
I love snow very much, and the winter in college left a deep impression in me and gave me good memories.
It's so delicious!
Hi, today we are having good sunshine.
Last week I went to Hokkaido, which is in the northern part of Japan.. I went skiing there.
Since I started to work, I had no chance to go skiing.
I have actually witnessed a cab driver bargaining the ride fare with a foreign lady who was extremely tired after daylong shopping with her young kids.
I'm planning a summer camp with the pastors for all church members.
The place we will stay is awesome, with little streams from the hills and half of the area is covered with trees, which is wonderful in summer. I'm looking forward to going there.
Are the problems international travellers cause greater than the advantages they bring?
Hence, More and more visitors should have opportunities to travel to other places.
It's a format of program when learning a new programming language.
The company that I work at forced me to take a test yesterday.
Today is the start of my english study.
I went there, at that time, the doctor said to me ``there is a wisdom tooth in your mouth``
Stupid Day and Assertiveness
Today, write your incorrect behaviours and write your correct behaviours, and perform the correct behaviours the next day.
Recently, I often feel this way.
Thank you for reading and correcting my entry.
I think politicians should sacrifice themselves, less vested interests.
This is what really happens in Japan. good job
But his friend didn't come back till the middle of the night, he feel tired after a long journey, so he couldn't keep on waiting for his friend.
Well, it's not really ``do nothing`` but studying Japanese.
My parents want me to go for an exam of TOEIC and JLPT, then use the advantage of these two languages to get a job.
Honestly, I'm not really good at socializing with people.
Stranger makes me nervous.
Of course not to mention using the adventage of English or Japanese......
I have been a lacrosse player ever since I become a university student.
Hello. It's my first time using Lang-8
please check my sentence.
please make this diary sound more natural ~ ~ ~ ^ ^
If it is not for an important thing, I prefer not waiting.
First of all, the small cute ``Daphne Odora``, which is in full bloom from February to March, reminds me of going to cram school in Hiroshima where I stayed at my uncle's house to go crram school.
It's like delicious, vanilla flavoured chewing gum.
On the other hand, I felt an elegant atmosphere.
unpleasant, such as strong s cologne, hair pomade, women's perfume, (it always smell good alone), just mixed up, came up to me and then, I got sick.
I want help and to make friends in the world. Sounds more natural.
My favorite artist is METALLICA.
Today's journal became about discontent.
Today I read a translated fiction of chinese writer.
While the man dreamed about country house and want to live in a farm, the girl liked to use brain not the strength for work.
It was fun story that the English man can imagine how the young Eastern will be.
So, dad said to eat dinner in the restaurant.
It was a tough time, but I enjoyed talking with the customers.
That's why many people, especially men, were wonderinghow to pickthe (right) colors to make aflower bouquet.
These hydrangeas have special colours and shapes as well.
But as a matter of fact I got car-sick, being unable to say no when I had little appetite on our way there.
Today I went running about twenty miles, but I couldn't hear the footsteps of Spring yet.
One is the Honolulu Marathon in Hawaii.
just signed up to belong to a basketball team, yoga class, volunteer and so on.
Recently I can go to work only two days in a month because I have been receiving post-surgical chemotherapy to prevent cancer recurrence and metastases.
Though it was regrettable that I got sick, I believe my sickness have developed greatness to my soul.
She majors in fine arts and she want to study in france in the future.
The movie I want to watch recently
But they alone do not warm my house, so I also use an oil fan heater.
I've kept playing basketball from when I was an elementary-school student. It is a very difficult sport for me, because I'm not tall. But, I practiced shooting many times by 3-point-line.
In these days, I'm always shopping or singing in the ``KARAOKE-BOX`` or drinking riquere or doing many things.
When I gave a speech here the first time, I was a little nervous.
I have to programming for my research.
The language is OpenCV.
I'm going to study C and C + + language at first.
Before long, you will find your home becoming neater.
I should have worn a long bottom.
However, the Japanese do not really understand the logic of star signs because they believe the blood type is more conceivable than star signs.
Everything has an exception, and I guess I am not counted in the statistics of the star signs and blood types.
This is my first entry on Lang-8.
He often asked me how to study and manage time.
changing my plans like doing this 3 times a week.
memorable day and music
This was the last time that my classmates and I had a meal together since next semester we will be divided into two different classes.
So I lay down on my bed and listened to music on the radio, which made mehave a good mood.
Additionally, light music helps me to fall asleep quickly.
From that day on, I dreamed of mastering english as well as her.
What is your favorite music?
Messi is great player?
Why you can earn more at Canadian companies is that they estimate individual skills more than Asian companies do so it really depends on your skills whether you can earn a lot of money or not.
I hope my english gets better for many reasons.
and I can help you with Korean, and a little bit of japanese.
Does anyone on this site have such symptoms while staying in Japan or in your own country?
Recently, I felt like watching ``Avatar``.
My foreigner friend told me about that magazine yesterday.
He possesses a lot of authority as businessman.
He has taken care of his parents until he dropped out from a private university.
I wish one day Catalonia will become an authentic country, and then we will be completely free.
Men's formal dress is easy.
I went to buy a dress suit from a tailor yesterday,
because I'll participate in a friend's wedding ceremony and I don't have formal dress.
If I were a woman, it would be difficult to choose, but I am a man, so it is easy.
Men's formal dress is more uniform than women's.
When we try to study English in Australia for six months by using a Japanese agent, can you guess how much money we have to pay for them?
I got angry, so I slammed the door.
I knew nothing about foreign countries either.
I developed chest muscles, upper leg muscles, and so on.
Today is thursday.
If you are a smartphone user.
We are going to go to Himeji Castle and some other places.
I want some things in my life to change such as finding a boyfriend, getting a job, being successful...
But, my English was not good.
Recently I often went to the States, almost 3 times a year in last 3 years.
Nobody knows what would happen in the future.
So, I need to improve my speaking and writing skill in English.
The Rabbit has the personality traits of active, tame.... etc.
I bought the paperback and an electronic dictionary.
I stood all day long and arranged the company's products.
We have a big test tomorrow, and I mean BIG, very big...
I am very, very, very nervous,
because studying is not my favorite thing.
I understand some English sentences which I couldn't before.
She was just fine, so I `m really happy.
Everyone seems delighted by it.
My father had lots of potatoes in the house, more than he could eat before they became rotten.
So I gave most of them to my yoggy teatcher with two carrots when I visited yoga studio.
Their menus look so yummy!!
I absolutely have to study English.
Maybe, because it makes me have a headache.
but I will try to learn more English
There is a satellite school here and I'm kind of an exchange student.
Also, I think my English has improved more than when I was in Japan.
It is my first time writing a diary in English.
I hope someone will revise my mistakes in this article. I would really appreciate that.
I've gained some weight.
The device is turned on every morning, but today something was wrong and it didn't work.
She rode her bike and she gave me a chocolate, which was delicious.
After reading a record about the debate between Obama and McCain, I thought there was a great difference between the 2 candidates, and that's why everyone said Obama was better.
Obama's speech is full of numbers and truth, he memorized and used these records cleverly to support his opinions.
On the contrary, McCain usually used concepts or vague words.
When it turn to McCain, he said that it was right to do so because of justice and the government's calculations.
However, maybe fighting in Iraq has more benefits than disadvantages. But if McCain can't explain it clearly, I think it was clear that Obama was a better option than McCain.
In Japan I watched the full moon on 20th, January.
I forgot its title, but it was about designers who come up (invent or design) with variousequipment that help people, such as people living in developing countries.
Yesterday, I used the Skype for the first time.
For example, I like to read books which are, of course, hard-covered.
The standard mobile phones which are sold in Japan have high-tech camera devices and internet connecting services.
But I do not need such kinds of high-tech functions.
Therefore I bought a very low-quality mobile phone which has just e-mail service and a very low-tech camera device.
Nowadays, Do you think I need to own a car?
Therefore, I can do work more speedily/ quickly and efficiently by using machines.
All of above is a part of my essay that I wrote in a class during my study abroad in Hawaii.
This is my first journal.
WhyHaruki Murakami?
I guess they were on a day off.. (It's an absolutely impossible case in Japan)
Fortunately, the light was fine and we could phone.
My First Time Writing A Diary In English
It depends on the woman, but I think most women who are given a lot of love from their parents don't do that, unlike this Taiwanese woman.
If you type your name in the box, then the program shows some Kanjis in your illustrated brain on the screen.
In the end, he talked about his experience of how he accidentally met his friend exactly on the day after he dreamed of his friend who he hadn't seen for a long time.
If anybody knows how to do, please teach me:)
The operator calmly said ``First you have to make sure he is already dead.`` After that the operator heard a gunshot from the other end of the phone. The hunter said ``What should I do next?``
I've never stayed in foreign countries, so I can't describe my feelings in proper expressions.
And I know it could be the most precious part because Chongqing, together with its people and mountains, has inevitably constructed the background of my university life which has been maybe the purest yet most complicated period of my life.
Differences between wish, hope, and believe
A lot of frustration came out from both teams.
Some players fell down to the ground and looked very hurt.
TV program on-air: TSUNAMI.
The father of the bully came to school to apologize to the student and
However, the girl who was bullied retired from (quit) the team at that time and
This time the bully told me that she wanted to retire from the team (too).
For example, he uses public transportation when going
Our city is in the suburbs and it is difficult to travel
I want to buy a beautiful wool cap to warm myself, red is best, which looks like fire in winter.
One person who fooled them is making music on the Internet.
My teacher would like to everyone write sentences.
I think this technique is special.
They control the effectiveness!
And exercising makes me feel refreshed!
After exercising, taking a bath is my favorite thing!!
But, I really feel sorry/ sad about my English right now...
For example logarithms, vetcor operation and integral calculus.
I took some photos with my digital camera at my bitthday party last week.
This semester I'm only taking 2 courses, but there are some other things I have to deal with...
Now the area I live in Japan is in the rainy season.
I'm at a point where I can no longer find any appropiate books to study with, so I'm basically wandering around in circles.
So far, I've completed a 1-year language exchange programme in Japan, and have picked up an insane amount of vocabulary.
I'm not so sure about kanji compounds, vocabulary and grammar though...
In this movie, Led Zeppelin's famous song, 'Immigrant song' was used.
In 2008 (two thousand and eight?!) I earned a degree in Journalism at the University of Palermo and the first week of next November I'll take the program to earn a specialist degree in Social and Institutional Communication.
It's a thick and soft udon with only simple soy sauce, and it was delicious but softer than I expected.
After that, we had luxury dinner which had various sorts of sea products!
they usually go there during their middle semesters.
There is no sunshine but there are strong? high? winds, therefore, I'd better/ rather stay at the dormitory, playing on my computer.
And then, I read those comments, and I got really pleased and happy because those explanations helped me understand the parts I didn't in an easy way,& nbsp; plus there were a lot of examples.
Well, I've had a delicious breakfast, and today the weather isn't as& nbsp; cold as it was& nbsp; before.
Recently, I wonder whether foreign language should study in the country.
Everyone please help me.
I try to start writing a diary on Lang-8
I think I want to study English more but it's expensive to study English in japan.
Kono neko wa okashikute hen desu.
Kono neko wa senpuoki no mae de nemasu ga, sono nezou ga omoshiroi desu.
Tabun, sore wa totemo atsui tenki no tame desu.
Whenever I watch that show, I'm haunted by the fear of terrorism haha.
I am interested in ``SILS`` (School of International Liberal Studies) in Waseda University.
After that, I talked with a college student.
She has studied abroad for a year.
I have returned to Fukuoka prefecture.
I enjoyed looking at the choices in the beginning, but it was going to be complicated.
So I am going to stay in Fukuoka for at least two years.
Today We talked about blood type and many personality traits according to blood type with my phone conversation teacher
I told that him in korea people believe that blood type affects the thinking and personality of people
I thought I had to study English, especially the listening part.
I received my laptop from repair.
I paied the mobile phone& amp; GABA (English school)'s expenses.
Well, I'm trying to translate a contract about medical instruments from Japanese to Chinese.
Why? ``At that time, I didn't know the meaning between drug free and free drug.
The mackerel was roasted and dipped into sweet soy sauce.
Memorial day!!
Today I just wanted to say ``Hello`` to all of you.:D
what my friends are thinking and can also send what I'm thinking.
Therefore, I'll just go to bed right now.
However, that blogger says that before you make friends, you have to input lots of words, about 5000.
Please somebody help me!!!
My dog gave birth to 1 boy and 3 girls on April 13th.
After that I often visited the States for business and leisure.
In another two years I will be sixty years old and I plan to have a trip to USA with my friends to drive across from LA to NYC.
Today I went to a funeral in a Buddhist temple.
The road was like the river so I was afraid of driving my car.
I'm excited a little because Lang-8 was exactly what I wanted to find.
I'm getting a bit annoyed by all the spam accounts on sites that I like.
At least, I personally don't know anyone who is just waiting for that mail which promises a true and passionate relationship.
And the ones that do make a living out of 'being a webcam girl' or the like, the people that do have an interest in such things will naturally search for it themselves, won't they?
I have been looking for an interesting American drama that can help me improve my English listening skills, and today I finally found 'The Mentalist' on an Internet site and downloaded 5 episodes from the first season.
This drama is about investigators who belong to the California Victims Investigation organization and try to find murderers.
It is very fascinating because the mentalist uses his mental power and hypnosis to track down the murderer.
? Anything else?
I like/ enjoy playing tennis, skiing, and especially travelling!
We will enjoy ourselves this weekend.
However, I suddenly heard terrible loud sound.
And a lot of UFOs came over us, then they sprinkled poisonous rains!
This is an email requesting reshipment of my purchases.
Library 3 <story>
Second diary.
I have never written a diary, even in Japanese;
They are learning ballet, piano, art and abacus, which is a Japanese crassice calculating tool.
I think they are learning too many things for their ages.
But, I never succeeded in teaching her continuasly.
Thank you so much for reading my diary.
If you have time PLEASE correct not only my spelling and grammer,
Watashi no jimusho (kaisha) wa sochira desu.
I had a computer certification test at 12: 40.
I Have Questions Again.
Well, I'm reading at the moment a book called (I don't know the correct translation in English, I'm translating the Portuguese title) The girl that steal books...
I'm in the beginning, I can't undestand the story so well. Since a lot of people told me it's a wonderful book, I'm excited to read it...
Usually it is played by professional SUMO wrestlers, but on this show, it is played by other fighting sports players and TV talents.
The unique concept of it, and the amazing sense and talent of some players excited me so much!
Lo and behold, the Strikeforce champion as well as the DREAM champion Alistair Overeem was there, and he won!
However I gradually noticed that I ought to have more chances to speak in English.
because I wanted to kid around, I said ``Good morning man ~ blalbla``
and we received guidance from him about how to get rid of the mouse.
He said that at first we must find where the rat started the invasion..
When I say that, people around me look at me surprisingly as if they didn't expected me to say that and I end up looking odd.
I say, ``We can listen to radio while doing simple tasks (maybe give examples?). I feel so relaxed while listening to the radio.
For example, a Filipino said to me he wanted the bicycle-cargo on which I usually carry my kids.
If we find that information, we can help satisfy the foreigner's niche and it is a business chance too.
I'm a little bit nervous.
At the beginning, I didnt 't like it so much, but gradually it caught my interest.
Next I would like to watch the DVD of part one.
with the differences, we can't learn the foreign cultures completely, and then if we do not have a good knowledge of the different cultures, it is a big challenge for us to write an English essay well.
As foreign language learners, we seldom communicate with others in English or write English letters to others in our daily life; that is to say, we do not have a good environment to learn and we regard the writing course as what we have to learn, but what we want to learn well.
And I believe that if we learn more foreign culture and develop a better language environment in our English study, we will find that it will be easier for us to write.
Somehow, I recently haven't talked with Americans in English.
A few days ago, we went to the cinema to see ``Shrek forever`` near my home.
Shrek was very funny and fantastic.
Shrek feels that his married life is suddenly very boring.
Shrek accepts the proposal and he is trapped.
Could you do me a favor?
How are you?
I think my English sentences are cheesy...
Can you believe a guy around 20 watched such a love story? LOL In fact, I like love story movies because I don't need to think deeply about them after watching them.
Mio loves tomato.
But these papers are too difficult to write, I feel that I will have a very ``good`` days in these two weeks.
I had to speak English through a microphone.
And I had to type English sentences with my keyboard..
I can improve my English ~ ~
It looks like a white carpet and it is very beautiful.
because outside was sunshine and I didn't wear lots of clothes.
Haha, wonderful snow I like it.
No matter what's sad things are in my heart, I always encourage myself finally ~ Hope is light!
They taught me how to play pool.
I want to go out with them again!
While Gods is plural, but it is preceded by an article, I mean ``the``.
And this kind of tea was promoted by one sentence advertising saying: ``Please drink this tea if you want to control heat.`` It tasted very odinary when I drank it (for) the first time, before this advertisement started bombarding us from all directions.
Many people fed them.
no suspicious people following me
It's testosterone itself that makes the difference.
The amount of testosterone released decides the sex of the fetus.
Surprisingly, the more testosterone released, the more uneven the length is between your ring finger and your middle finger.
To my opinion, I don't think it's good to pioneer biofuel,
It will be a problem since it still needs fuels to transport the ingredient.
If we start to use biofuel, people may think that the problem of food lacked has been solved, and start to use things unlimitedly, it will cause a waste, too.
He said it's kind of awkward because last year we (both) studied together at the same school,
Yesterday, I registered with the sns site which my friend on this website recommended.
I interpreted it as `Ima lazy woman`
little mistake in grammar.
Once I understood what he meant I quickly apologized.
When we study a foreign language, we usually memorize one meaning or two for a single word.
My neighbor, who lives in the ground-floor apartment across the alley, adopted two dogs. I called one Small White as it's a white dog, and the other Spotty, as it has black spots.
A few months ago, Spotty died due to old age.
I thought it felt very sad because Spotty was gone.
I saw him/ her wandering in alleys and lanes nearby, I guess he/ she was searching for Spotty.
Although it has been three or four months since Spotty died, Small White still whines sometimes.
In the contemporary world, technology is advancing at an astounding speed.
But in the meantime, whether technology causes environmental problems has become a highly debated issue.
Specifically, instead of wasting our resources, a simple life can conserve non-renewable resources, such as metals, minerals, petroleum and fossil fuels.
It may be tempting to argue the easy life may carry potential drawbacks.
However, the benefits reaped by technology far outweigh the disadvantages.
so we are stayed in military service..
I think it's our first travel..
But nobody wants to go military service.. ^ ^;
Compared to real travel, joining the Army is a little different.
Of course, travel make me flutter..
Everyday we should go to school or to work..
For my refreshment, I travel..
Have you ever had an experience in foreign travel?
How many different kinds of travel are you familiar with?
I am not too good at English
For example, they can learn how to talk and begin to understand different languages by watching TV.
The first lesson I learned was how to communicate properly with different people, including classmates, professors and people of different social status.
We had a task that assumed you were in a lift with your boss and he didn't know you, so you had to try to promote yourself naturally.
This kind of thing seems like a piece of cake, but it's definitely useful in our daily lives.
I stayed home the whole afternoon and became fat.
Though my ability is still not good enough for the impending examination, it seems something constantly coaxes me to find other ways and escape from this endless yet doomed to fail enigmatic swirl.
Only in daydreaming or the dreams of deep sleep could I find the contented smile with the delightful wrinkles embellishing my cheeks, carved by all the wounds from my sacrifice and torment.
At that damn moment I just can't do anything practical or effective to cure or soothe her pain from the aches and itches, and all I can do is to comfort her with my care and words.
Always in the serene night with the dim lamp by me, this platitude would penetrate the gloomy air through the sound of my mom's breath reminds me to be more determined and obstinent for my hard-to-reach dream.
The great mother's day is around the corner, but I am still a dependent child who doesn't have the ability to buy her any luxurious or exquisite stuff or treat her to a dinner in a great restaurant.
I'm feeling comfortable even though I recognize that there are many mistakes.
I wanna take advantage of this happiness and time, to improve my English.
And I worry about zemi that starts the second grade at university.
I had write in English because I want to know what I wrote incorrect!
They will have a life of happiness.
On this day, the obstruction will become a bridge.
That movie is very interesting.
I should remove worms from these leaves so they can keep growing.
but I don't have any friends to teach me English.
That is how we show our strength to our customers.
One of my colleagues became a father yesterday.
I want to have such a great feeling, but sadly I can't give birth by myself.
Shinokiya is wonderful place.
I came to Singapore from South Korea.
I have looked for courses in community centers in Singaporean websites yesterday because I want make a local friend so I looked for an English
it was my first premiere.
Because of that, the first day might have been canceled, but the typhoon went another way, so we were able to hold the festival.
I got a pair of dumbbells to train my upper arms.
They are not like regular dumbbells.
This city falls victim to a disease we're afraid of.
Because the actors are perfect, and the genre is action.
Now, I will introduce my favorite song.
I drank too much.
He seemed cold because he wasn't wearing a jacket.
Then I learned thatNicotinell patches are released fromNOVARTIS Pharma again.
This situation has lasted for a couple of days already and the roads are littered with ice.
I want to make many foreign friends, and learn about foreign people.
I'm going there by a working/ holiday visa.
In episode 1-3, Rachel said, ``I should really get back to work,`` and Phoebe answered ``Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.``.
While other waitresses could serve well, Rachel couldn't serve well.
I think we have to care about wrong stereotypes.
I am also expected for the coming new semester.
but the leaves in Kyoto are especially beautiful and amazing.
While I was riding on it, a Filipino person spoke to me in Japanese.
But I thought the atmosphere was better in Sky Spa.
I wish I could speak English fluently!
In order to improve my writing skills, I think I'd better add a daily record of my activities.
it's really not easy to balance those three things at once.
She gave me a shuttlecock key holder and some cookies.
I will put it on my badminton's racket case.
I hope this accommodation remain for awhile, in spite of the upcoming tough economic condition.
I'm nervous recently.
But it was quite easy for me, and I wanted to read something more proffesional, like a paper or thesis.
It's more bright here now compared to what it was before.
All of my students passed it, which made me happy. Also, I thought I need to study harder not to be beaten by them in the future and always to be their teacher.
Usual day
Izumo is more beautiful place than where I thought about before visiting.
I am disappointing now, I saw announcement today, and I now realize how difficult it is to apply for that program.
Sometimes I think about why my parents always work so hard, yet my family is still so poor. I really don't understand this.
Even I am trying my best to get that scholarship, because I can `t afford the sky high fees of graduate school.
Some cell phones are very expensive, but they can do more things than cheap cell phones.
I'm going to study English and Germany hard on this site.
This is the first time that I write my diary in English.
In my dream, I could smell the cat and my nose was tickled by its fur.
So it was very tough.
Recently, the movie 'The Hurt Locker' showed.
My friend asked me about this sentence ``Enjoy your life there.``
That sentence is supposed to mean ``enjoy your life in canada.``
The daily temperatures here fluctuated between/ from-2 to + 3 degrees Celsius.
Should one expect a reward when doing a good deed?
For example, he takes care of his friend's wife when his friend goes abroad.
Because if you try and prevent the thief who is doing something illegal
Anther reason is doing a good is always recognized as a silly symbol.
So why doesn't the government give some reward and let them feel a sense of pride.
I actually was not expecting such a great response by anyone since there are so many people writing a diary and wating for diary corrections.
I just want to hear your voice again.
I went out with someone to test and confirm how much I love you.
though it's very interesting to be with that boy,
Since there had been unexpected visitors, I used up my coffee beans and I forgot to buy new coffee beans.
I love the smell of muffins and coffee. It makes me feel so happy.
That is my favorite moment of a day and it is where my energy comes from.
My body is still craving a coffee and I am counting down the time until my favorite coffee shop opens.
Today was a boring and a tedious day.
So I feel bored (& tedious). I want to go back to school.
But, the language specs were very interesting.
I cook every day because I have experience working at a restaurant as a part-timer, and saved money.
And I also heard that sometimes lions show up....
the University's library to study for myupcoming master course entrance exam.
The exam is onthe 25th of August and we have to take 4 subjects including English.
-It's the script when I prepared the English speech contest in my 1st year in Uni.
The leader seems to be a little bit strict.
Since there are so many non-japanese people working out at our gyms, I'd like to welcome them to our running session, too, which is exciting!:)
If you skipped this step, the remaining temperature will harm the freshness, which means it will inevitably pull the rug out from under the all efforts you have taken.
I am going to visit Pune for a business trip for several days and I want to get some informtion about Pune especially about tourist attractions in the area.
The first one I draw is based upon the ``Madonna Della Seggiolia`` by Rafaello.
Because it is so difficult to explain and express my job in detail.
Many good friends who have different countries are probably here.
To get a satisfactory result, I decided to get a 600 score.
Next time, I will see her before my day off:)
Hello everyone.
One day, I used google to help me improve my English.
I don't know why but I probably spend too much time on Internet or I don't eat a lot of food and I often drink a lot of coffee.
I'd like to get in fitness clubs 'gym.
This gym has a lot of foreigners and that's why I'd like to get in.
I learned that some western cultures have the concept of 'personal space'. This means that people think they have an invisible area around their body in which they are righteously occupying and when some an unfamiliar person comes in to that area, to them, it is an intrusion of their privacy.
I hope that these past weeks were also useful for you.
It snowed occasionally.
And in the world, it is natural that lots of people spend it with their families.
They want to spend it with their special boy-friends or girl-friends.
Although speed limit is 55 mile an hour, most cars drive 70 miles an hour.
Normally, rainy season lasts until June if my memory serves me right.
Sometimes I felt uncomfortable, because my boyfriend seemed to love talking with the girl.
Although I know they can't have any relations, I don't like that he talks so much with her.
Suddenly, I felt angry and asked him, 'Why do you know she loves it?'
there was a menial man who graduated from Cambridge University
The man went into military service and passed away in France.
one of the my most favorite authors
At the milk celebration, there was 'milking experience, making milk cheese,
First, we put 8 lavender oil drops, 2 drops of milk concentrate,
Previously, you guys corrected my resume for me. Thank you for that.
I am interested in this new experience.
I need to bake a pie, fry potatoes with beefsteaks, little pastries, what else...
Well, I'll invent something else to cook.
The Korean national holiday ``Chu-Suk`` is over.
We talked nicely 2 days ago and he was in bad mood. I stood next to him, helping him through his problem.
because I like movie so I would like to watch english movie.
My fanorite movie is Jackie Chain.
Because my husband's work was decided in Frankfurt.
Sometimes I think that days are so short because I can't do much things. However, on weekends, the days are longer and then I don't know what to do!
Now it is winter vacation, so I am happy:D
Today I enrolled in Lang-8 after a friend introduced me to the site. She said I can write on this website, and someone will correct my writing.
Taipei 101 was build by the KTRT team and there are 101 floors above ground and 5 floors below ground.
During the power outages, the traffic lights don't operate.
a bit tired as I am, I am pleased with him knowing more about chemistry. I am satisfied with my attitude towards the job.
By the way, my friend and I studied MATTHEW on Saturday Bible study.
but I have some free time to do something like this nowadays, so I'm doing this.
If I passed, I have to do the interview one more time.
Sometimes I have a cough, runny nose,
How can I learn English?
I had bread and soup for dinner while watching TV.
However I think this situation is not common for the typical Japanese.
That's terrible.
From the 8th to the 10th of May I was in Nizhniy Novgorod.
A typhoon is approaching. The wind has picked up and it's pouring.
I've just started Lang-8
I'm an IT engineer, so from technical view, it is not so hard, I thought.
I always eat dinner at 11 p. m.
Since she is very knowledgeable about architecture, and we have different opinions about it, we don't get tired of discussing it.
Besides, we can enter free of charge and the price of food and drinks is very reasonable.
Volleyball Game
I entered a volleyball game last Sunday.
I usually use some LUSH products every bath time.
So I decided to be an instant volunteer interpreter and help them.
Well, I'm a graduate student now.
Of course, it's a part time job.
The party will be given in Tokyo at Roppongi.
The recruitment number is 1000 people.
What dress design we put on?
Is anything I can write that has never been written by others?
I will study tourism in university for 4 years.
I am interested in the food problem.
I am looking forward to going abroad to study.
Yesterday, I had a party with my neighbors.
Three people are living in our apartment, and sometimes we have dinner together, or talk over a cup of coffee.
Although we only had 30 min to cook, the meal turned out to be really gorgeous!!!
Although I failed to win a prize at Seoul office of education KOI, I thought I was very good at programming.
I'd y be very grateful for any help to improve my English.
The corn bits tenpura was the most delicious dish.
Naturally, we looked the bill and were surprised and laughed.
To be honest I don't like to study or memorize grammar rules.
I ate chicken rice twice in Singapore.
I prefered the grilled one, so I placed an order for it.
I felt it was like teriyaki chicken, a japanese dish.
I ate an entire half of a chicken with my husband.
I tried chicken rice again at the changi air port.
I am going to live in singapore from 11th October.
I want to eat chicken rice sold in different places!
I am becoming an architect and want to know more about my work, buildings, and designing in general.
and music (I dislike pop music and prefer genres like metal, metalcore, hardcore, punkrock, etc.). Sooooo..
27th February is my father's birthday.
I bought his favorite ramen and wine.
This is because it makes my shoes and skirt damp.
it doesnt have any point. you shouldnt read this lol
hi guys, sorry I havent written any entires. I have been forgetting about this sitelol
I didn't expect that I could have such a lovely time there.
its already been 3 weeks since I came back here.
I def will keep studying english.
If you are gooing to get scared, I suggest you stop reading.
I think if you see something scary, you will keep your eyes open to protect yourself.
But it's the first time I'm going there and Kyoto is one of the famce (?)
It's because I heard from my friend that I would get many calls and messages from unknown people.
But I recently have become confident about my English step by step.
I think that it's about time that I start skype and talk English positively.
The Shinshouji shrine has a guardian angel for the Kabuki artists and the Sumou athletes. You can find
Kabuki artists and sumou wrestlers on February third.
People who got chocolates, cookies or various gifts on Valentine's day give presents to the people that they received them from.
Firstly, I think there are three ways to understand the meaning of words of second languages-replacement, internal definition, and external definition.
Internal definition means learning words by dictionary definition.
External definition means learning words by guessing its meaning when they are used in particular situations.
Our experience has taught us that it is difficult to learn words with only their dictionary definition.
By learning second languages, you can enjoy traveling abroad.
First, the only way for Japanese people to understand English is to learn by external definition because of (due to) large cultural differences.
So we have to learn English by external definition.
By doing so, we can understand the exact meaning that we can't if we interpret English into Japanese.
We have to stop the traditional way of learning English: interpretation.
this is my first day using lang 8 and I made a blunder, because I choose german as the langauge that Im learning but the fact is Im learning english!!
I came to singapore 7 years ago Im here to learn a new language also I wanted to start a new life in a totally different place but of course singaproe was just a temporary place for me, the place I really wanted to go to is england, the reason for me to go there may be ridiculous but I think it is tolerable, the reason is I wanted to have a british accent, its cool furthermore it sounds professional isnt it?
While depressed, I glanced at the date which is April first.
I believe that memory is never lost, even when it seems to be, because it has more to do with the heart than the mind.
So, we can walk around Shinjuku, Harajuku, Shibuya, Aoyama and everywhere in Tokyo easily.
Maybe they have seen my old picture on lang-8.
I'll have a nap now and memorize some words this afternoon ~
This Sunday I will visit a host mother for just a look.
For me it's fascinating looking into people's eyes and reading through them to know their real feelings, their eyes can tell me something hidden, what the mouth won't say: fear, sadness, happiness, envy, shyness, embarrassment, anger, surprise, pleasure, lies, pain, complicity, reproach...
If we look at the most famous paintings, for example Mona Lisa, the intensity of the look will capture you and will invoke an emotion.
I hardly understood what everyone was talking about.
On the way home I stopped by the book store to buy a textbook to make my listening skills better.
The big problem is the ice wind that blows right through me.
Besides, I really like to listen to the sound of nature like birds singing, water flowing and rain falling, and the best place for it is Unmun Temple.
Please give me advice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:D
But until now, I haven't been able to figure it out.
I got the first comments for my journals.
Thank you for checking it.
Today, I went to my other campus.
It's much farther than my main campus.
Yakuza is a Japanese gangster.
when you take only the first syllable from each number, they are called, 8 (ya), 9 (ku), 3 (za).
My hometown, Kobe has a big house of a gangster known as ``yamaguchi group``.
However, I cannot help but be impressed by the beauty of the tattoos on their backs.
Tomo: ``(Pointing at a sweet shop with Christmas decorations at the door) Daddy, can we go into that shop?``
I'm going to restart to write.
If you do not know what a Chikuwa is, read my previous post.
Because of Harry Potter series, I began reading English novel: such as Henry James's short novels and Jane Austen's six novels.
Besides children novels, I also think gothic novel are interesting.
And this semester I need to write a research paper about Dark Romanticism
Because Japanese book has many pictures about maids and Victorian times.
France has ballet, Hawaii has the hula.
I'm very busy these days.
When I go to bed many kinds of problems are coming and going in my brain.
Someone taught me that if you have a ploblem you shouldn't think about it at night, because it makes your brain more excited.
Generally, most of them were built during the Feudal period.
Each of them has distinctive features.
Previously, visitors used to be middle-aged or older men.
Besides castles, Generals and Lords in the Feudal Period are also popular.
But when growing up, you'll find everything is different than what we thought before.
We have to learn to bear what we don't like, and we have to work to feed ourselves.
We have re-instructed the packers to make sure to use proper packing material and we have made sure that panels will not shift in the carton to avoid any damages to the board.
Yesterday, the temperature went down, and many people feel that autumn has come.
and I am not prepared to give a presentation!
I'd like to read this book a lot of times and to develop my skills.
And I do not have a kimono for such a formal place in April.
I have questions now, so I want to answer these questions, but these questions are a little difficult and abstract.
What is the difference between a scientific argument and a speculative argument?
Suppose that you are developing a medicine.
Is such an experiment likely to give you new insight??
This way of living can be defined as '' passing through, ``which means that one finds the meaning of an act, not in the present, but in the future.
For one person, `` praying ``itself is an act and a pleasure.
I love kimonos very much, but I don't wear them very often.
Now it is raining and sometimes snowing in the central area of Tokyo.
From my personal viewpoint, I do not like cold weather, so I really enjoy the warmth of this winter.
That's just what one would expect of a Harvard grad.
A: I'm afraid it's too much to ask, and I hope it isn't too much trouble of you, but....
I'm not a fashionable person, but I'm interested in fashion:)
We got to the trash bin and found my empty plate, empty juice bottle and empty sweets box...
Some hungry people should have been eating them.
It was my fault, but he didn't need to be so angry.
I hope he will be assigned in another department next quarter.
He was very surprised and looked at me sullenly.
Because I was content, I went to sleep,
Because this place is closer to the seismic center than Fukushima-nuclear power plant
AND Onegawa-nuclear power plant was hit stronger than the Fukushima-ones from the Earthquake, Tsunami and seismic intensity......
I would like to improve my English skills and learn about each other's cultures.
My first english diary.
These day, I have been scolded for not resting sometimes!
in the following sentence:
my classmate is warning me that if I still haven't sent any part to my supervisor
the worst thing is my friend just came to visit me from Nottingham...
According to their comment on NicoNico Douga, they put sticky notes on a piece of drawing paper to make Mario, Goombas, and theKoopa troopas.
Probably that partner could be an lang-8 user, that would be nice too, so I am starting this search.
Then I spend every weekends to study Japanese by reading aloud, for I have to study hard for my major as a junior whose dream is to pursue further studies.
Almost all of my classmates have begun to prepare for NETEM, and that's a little scary I think.
You have touched me so much that I don't know what to say.
It looks like three-dimensional art.
Geography class 0904: What is the difference in taste between IR-8 and Japonica Rice?
I hope that they will eventually remember each name and location.
What is the difference between IR-8 and Japonica rice when eaten?
They are really clever.
He had heart on forehead, which is lovely for the Valentine's Day.
I would like to have ridden him even the first time I was scared of him
At first, I couldn't adapt to those teenagers who were noisy in my class or doing unrelated work.
The parts that I ordered last week arrived today!!
It looks good!!
I look like a hamster with big cheeks!
I am very glad the other person corrected my errors.
I gave lot of care to the schedule, ingredients, data of customers and so on in this one month.
It is famous for its hot-springs and beautiful sea.
June is a rainy season in Japan.
When the rainy season has finished, the summer season comes after.
Some people do it like kissing or something before they even get a boyfriend or girlfriend
It is just like you liking somebody.
What is the difference between before and after something?
Sending emails and making calls use a lot of electronics.
Also used telephones are always abandoned in remote areas.
It is not good for the environment.
Nevertheless this movie was a comedy, at the end the women made it up and it drew tears from me.
and I wondered why the blank of ``school and address`` is very small.
I am twenty three years old; it seems that I'm not young, but I am still in school. I hope in the furture I can have a beautiful life, and I know it's not easy.
As a man, you must give your family a comfortable life. you should make your father and mother know you are strong enough to support a family.
But I'm still a student now; I can do nothing except learn and learn every day. I hope I can do something for my family, but I don't know what.
I am listening to Eminem's music right now!
Jeju is a beautiful island.
One of the women and the three men are my friends in my university.
We scheduled to meet at a pub in front of my university.
(not necessary) We introduced each other and then we drank soju. (Korean alcohol)
We had a very fun and interesting time.
Recently I've started
listening to English audio books to improve my listening skills.
Now I'm listening to a book titled <Witch& Wizard> and I...
I think the author of the book must have either seen too much Japanese animation or is a huge fan of the Harry Potter series.
Anyway I'll finish it somehow some day.
It is traditional event to visit the grave of the deceased.
How about your country, what occasion's do you display/ celebrate
Okay, anyway what I am trying to say is that cheese cake is not just a cake to me, it is a gourmet to me.
A sponge cake should be the most basic step of any cakes.
My daughter wanted new outfits as her Christmas gift and I wanted a new laptop
However she grew up and she already knows who Santa is.
Watashi wa Surobenia-jin desu.
So, in future (when I start my world travel..), I will go to many countries and meet my friends...
I welcome many friends from other countries...
I already died so many times...
But it will be very deifficult to make.
This is just the beginning of making my app.
The next morning I felt exhausted.
Now that I'm healthier, it's time to resume learning English!!
I read some diaries written by Lang-8 users learning Japanese.
Restart Toilet Training
Mothers shouldn't be too nervous about this kind of discipline.
One day, she played with her friend climbing the jungle gym, but her friend always climbed higher than her, and so she started to cry out of frustration.
However, she has been suffering from hemorrhoids since last month, and we finally succeeded to have her wear diapers to heal her buttocks.
Van to iimasu.
watashi ha nihongo wo renshyushitai desu!
Though my job position is a common clerk (I belong to the sales department), I have a lot of responsibilities to my customers.
After the Tohoku Earthquake, electric companys are saying that people should refrain from using electricity. We believe this means that gas users will come back, but still many people are choosing all-electronic residences.
This is the first time I've joined this website. I heard about it yesterday and I want to improve my English, so I joined it.
I hope everybody will help me improve my English skill.
The beautiful trees on the right side of the street where I'm walking are blooming.
Riding a bicycle up the hill on summer days is very hard. (in summer)
I wish to get to know some friends here to study together.
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas and A Happy New Year.
or when I see a car of the same type and color which he drove.
He was my dreamer, he showed me a lot of things.
We are planning to play games with kids.
I'm trying all that I can to learn English and Japanese too...
Today I was, in a ``how to learn Japanese`` blog, and I found a theme about
my japanese...
also, I grilled chicken breast and sprinkled some pepper and salt on it.
My summer vacation in 2005 was exciting because I went to Dagupan City in Philippines where my cousin's family lives.
But I especially remembered visiting the Hundred Islands.
I had a nice and peaceful time with my cousin's family on a island which was chosen by me.
Obama's presidential inaugural address
To be honest, I had never heard the presidential oath in detail in the past.
The economy is badly weakened... ``
-He holds respect in the forefront...
``For us, they fought and died in places like...``
I wanna study english because I will go abroad this
Andy Warhol's work made my view be widened.
I will eat soumen, which is like a noodle.
The favorite book center where I want to go shopping is located in Guangzhou.
But when you come to their country, begin living their life, and speaking their language, you understand that they are not that different from you.
I usually use QQ (similar to Skype) on the internet with my girlfriend, who is Chinese, at 8 PM.
Why would you make coffee before going to bed?
I should have more interesting things to do rather than sleeping almost all morning.
I wanted to upload these dishes 'pictures but my cellphone's battery had gone off.
At the party, we talked about many kinds of topics.
For example, economics, other colleagues, men and women and music.
I am studying two languages every day.
Hopefully, tomorrow I will have enough time to sleep
Two German women came to this farm yesterday. Today was the first day to work with them.
there are 5 friends I'm familiar with.
Actually I've heard that such an action, when lots of electrical devices are turned off and on at the same time, can damage the power supply network.
I will introduce myself.
It is cloudy today.
She is always kind to me.
She is lovely to me.
She always teaches me.
I have a class in one hour, so I'm listening to music and writing this.
But if I want to raise my score much, I had better study Listening.
Because Listening should raise my score more than Reading.
I visited my parents and drank with my parents.
I'd like to see her and her parents soon!
Of course I like Japanimation too.
She is so cute and looks like an angel.
I practice on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
That's equal to 9 hours.
Thank you for the reccomendations, Beth, NurikoSpecial and Kchasm ^ ^
(I saw KCasm's correction, and afterwards I went to buy the DVD...)
Can you see the paper disk?
It says ``You can place the disk containing episode 1 here, after buying it.`` Why the hell do I have to buy it????
for my birthday I spent very good time in shanghai.
I was very happy. I really like my familly.
Maybe I can borrow some more accessories from my other friends, we will see...
I'm sorry I can't explain my feelings well about it.
My mom bought me oysters as a souvenir from Sendai, Miyagi.
This is my first diary.
because my actual name is, duck jun kim.
I'm very glad to know it, but before I do I must pass my exams, because I want to continue my education in the institute.
They are very difficult subjects, but I hope I pass them very well!
Thus, I'd like to correct my English by writing in my journal every day.
I have no Japanese friends in Hong Kong so I am looking for Japanese friends.
I have never met people who can speak Japanese in Hong Kong except my company staff.
Even though you have many things, you see something of your friend's that you don't have, and you really want it.
Although this is true, I believe we have to be satisfied.
He was nice guy, cute and very gentle.
Though I have no chance to speak English in my workplace now,
Because my friends or relative always remember that today is my birthday.
I'm looking forward to this meeting with my friend.
I knew that IKEA in Japanese pronunciation is different from English.
I had to ask somestaff members about my luggage, but no one could speak Japanese at theHonkong air port and no one helped such a miserable Japanese man.
I made a mistake, and almost went to thecutoms counter because some members of staff told me I should go there to receive my lugagge.
Some members of staff stopped me at the entrance of thedepature lobby, because they found asmall scissors in my bag.
I confirmed my flight schedule at the big electronic board.
And after that, I felt he became somewhat better than he had been.
It's very necessary!
JUST WAITING, WAITING FOR SUCCESS, I DON 'T BELIEVE GOD, BUT I STILL HOPE GOD can GIVE ME A CHANCE TO TAKE CARE OF MYSELF AND YOU!!
I learned English for some years in school, but I was never succesful.
So, I am trying to improve my English with this blog (journal) and I hope some people will correct my posts and help me to be better in this language.
fortunately my friend drove to the theater.
so I appreciate her
thanks to my friend!
terrible, I wrote a lot, but I lost them, how could this happened?
he is an inspector of agriculture and has a big tattoo on his back.
You can communicate with anyone in foreign countries, since English is the most important language.
Nowadays, even a strong country can't easily make colonies in the world.
Hi all. I am new to lang-8. I need som help.
Question about ``most``
Cameron Diaz just now on TV.
Tom was so handsome and Ms.
I am an engineer of a construction company and I am constructing a pharmaceutical factory in Shizuoka.
So I enrolled a correspondence university to get a teacher license.
At a hair salon in Harajuku
I was off today.
I always have some bread, coffee, and salad for breakfast.
Especially, extra virgin oil is very good for health.
However, I have to admit that I should put much more effort in studying English.
But I'm still murmuring when I speak English with a native speaker.
Japan is in deep recession.
I heard from xx that you helped deal with office matters for me during my sick leave. I really want to thank you.
For example, kindness, sincerity, strength and so on.
As for me, I think friendship is important.
It's my first time to register here
They were amazing and their monuments bear witness to how great they were.
The ancient Egyptians managed to build their country and leave their footprints in the land so that we can remember them.
Osama Bin Laden was killed in a mansion outside Islamabad and his body was recovered by US authorities.
I am going to begin writing a diary in English tomorrow.
Although real cars is consist of hard iron, this movie portrays many personified cars as soft and cute.
I told her of my recent problems, and she advised me to do everything slowly, and at my own pace.
Japanese people have a many opportunities to hear American English from movies, dramas and music, but in my case I hardly ever hear British English in my everyday life.
MF consists of/ consists out of three families having distinct characters.
But she has difficulties studying, which worries her mother a lot.
My friend works making Bizenyaki, so I will get a chance to visit the Bizenyaki work place.
So some of them are very skilled in their use of English and they are even better than I am.
So I advised her.
Today, I listened to Taylor Swift's songs.
a sandwich.
The following are the comparisons between them.
When I watch the financial news lately, almost every time, many traders on the stock exchange bury their heads in their hands looking distressed.
Soy sauce factory
and the end on the tour, you can get a bottle of soy sauce: DD
So I booked a nice restaurant to hold a end of the year party for my office friends.
If someone has to check due to an emergency, they should ask permission before checking it.
airplane because the body color is blue and I like blue very much!
At my university, there is a place I often go these days.
It is more relaxing there than in the library.
especially my speaking and (my) listening.
I don't know what I have to do: learn each pronunciation of a kanji, or learn pronunciation of words using this kanji.
I went to the baseball park with my friend on Saturday.
Some friends have already started finding employment. This makes me nervous.
I studied there for two years, and graduated in 2007.
When I moved from my parents house, where I had my own room, to the dormitory I had to omit some things I wanted to get because we didn't have enough space in the room.
Why did I grow up like this?
I enjoy optimistic people, who want to do new things and who laugh a lot.
Her friend said that if you soaked this mango in a yogurt, it would become a fresh mango!
She is very positive person, which makes me a positive person.
Can you help me translate this into the right grammar?
The plane has been carrying more than sixteen-thousand passengers without any serious accidents for the last ten years.
Today's weather is very fine ~
Well, I'm going to go to New Zealand during the summer vacation.
In British custom, putting red poppies on their chests is to pay respect to all war deaths on the 11th of Nov, an armistice day.
By the way Catcher ~'s influence is a little strong.
This periods American authors are very good.
Fitzgerald, Capote, Richard Brautigan, Charles Bukowski..
My favorite short story is Fitzgerald's 'Babylon Revisited'.
It's a lonely and a little sad story.
This story's character's conversation is very cool.
Hi everyone, I just registered this afternooon, and wish someone who could improve my poor English. I also help my friends with Chinese..
I agreewith her opinion.
I have an iPod touch which I won as a prize 2 years ago.
except for the phone and mobile internet features.
I didn't get used to searchingfor a web manual,
This opened thegateway to knowledge, information and passtime.
I was able to show friends theOdawara castle.
But the risk is it prevents me from studying and reading.
But before sleeping I can enjoy watching movies in bed.
iPod touch is my tough and enjoyable friend.
In the central neighborhood every ten steps that I took there was a newsstand.
I've never seen so many newsstands together..
Two survivors were found today in Japan!
Today, two survivors were found after 9 days.
I had an exam this morning.
I will have to take the same class next term.
The Delay Because of the Typhoon
The texts which should be read are fortunately not difficult.
If I were more acitve in the seminar, I could learn more, but if I concentrated more on the seminar, I would be tired.
Yet today is a very warm and spring-like beautiful day!
So I decide to take the exam although I don't want to study the laws and theories.
The gangs of New York, the black underdogs, the Indians in reservations that lose their spirit.
I want to enjoy keeping a diary.
fable about coffee (translated from Russian)
In the first, he threw a carrot, in next pan he put an egg and the last pan was filled with granules of coffee.
After some time he took out the carrot and egg and poured out the coffee.
-Carrot and egg have boiled and the coffee have dissolved.
But what about the coffee?
-It's the most interesting.
The granules of coffee have absolutely changed the water.
Recently I am very sleepy.
Hello! My name is Sumi!
It's my first time to write my diary on this website.
I hope I make a lot of foreign friends and learn other languages and teach Japanese to whoever wants to learn it.
It's getting warmer and warmer these days.
By using this device with 4 kinds of filtration, clean water emerges in the end.
In a small town, you have to own a car to ensure a comfortable living.
Another aspect of the excitement of city living is the variety of cultural activities available.
Still, I would rather be a bit more cautious and live in a large city than to feel secure but bored in a small town.
Guess how many times I can write ``clouds`` in a paragraph so short!
I got in one university finally!!!!!
I might live in Kyoto!!
wow ~ I'm so happy now
Please check my diary.
We went to drink after the race and caught up with each other.
Whether you believe it or not, Tsukasa and I had already thought about an escape route just in case before we went there.
On the thatched roof
I read an internet blog article reporting a new program, titled ``Kimchi Chronicles``, which will air this year on PBS channel in the United States.
Both noodles have a very similar flavour, but the noodles are different.
It might be uncomfortable to a foreigner, especially if the she didn't like the untidy atmosphere of a small restaurant.
The restaurant is very famous for Milmyeon and as I heard, the taste of the noodles are quite delicious.
It was an experimental exam, so we `ll write it for a note in the end of May ^
So I bought several lottery tickets.
To spend several minutes dreaming and being excited is not so bad.
On the other hand, when the bride arrived at the wedding, she looked so relaxed and happy.
It has been one year since I met them last, so I enjoyed talking with them.
African music is so rhythmic and has an unique tempo. So, I like it!
I didn `t research anything about the country yet.
I sometimes pick up those leaves that have grown enough and saute with salt and pepper.
We tookthe train to go to school and we would come home together from doing ourhomestay.
His name is HYON.
You can learn about Hideyoshi and the relationship of people surrounding him with English infomation and also can see a lot of works of art there.
Since the new SCM project started this March, I've been quite busy...
Although the temperature is still low (like-5 to-10), the weather has been sunny recently in Toronto.
The other day, even though the temperature was-5, people were drinking on patios in the afternoon!
Unfortunately, it is prohibited in Toronto to drink outside.
It would suck to be sneezing all day when the long and cold winter has finally been coming to an end.
doctors always write down main diseases, but from my point of view, it does not always mean main disease.
We should look into the patient's diseases if the are correct enough to justfy their treatments.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry now, but I can't eat anything because I have to get a medical check at 2: 30 in the afternoon.
Some people caught influenza.
But I still caught a cold again:(
And I finally decieded to get it.
But I felt something strange with this cloth
Tonight, I received a notebook cover that I bought by mail order yesterday.
It is very expensive but it did not satisfy me, because it is a little bigger than I thought.
Please contribute in both English and Japanese.
I have tests tomorrow at school.
I have to study tonight for tomorrow's tests.
but I continued studying English after work.
but English studying is very interesting!!
It's been a long time since I have written an English diary, so it will take me some time to get used to it:) haha ~ ~ nice to meet everyone!!
Champions! (24/ MAR/ 2009)
I didn 't go anywhere because I watched the WBC on TV.
I was disappointed.
Question: How to learn language?
ThAnks TO them, I can listen to English while having fun.
Incidentally, because it is very difficult, I gave up reading ``SHERLOCK HOLMES``.
Today, I talked and played tabletennis with him.
Since he rolls a turban on his head everyday, and I had caught sight of him praying several times.
Anyway, I have taken an interest in Islam culture since long time ago.
Frankly speaking, I wanna ask him some questions about his religion.
Learning norsk...
We were strangers, but he made a good impression on me.
But maybe you can't tell from this pic..
I never accept some stimulation like...
mountain erupt =(LMAO
Yes, I know I will soon be attending a university and that I'm 18 years old.
When some people find this out about me, they are surprised and they think that I have a problem.
I can learn a lot of new information from cartoons, especially cartoons about history.
I love a lot of cartoons, especially Japanese anime.
I like anime that are about problems in society or about history.
My favorite game
My mother told me, ``You should create your everyday life to bring more brilliant moments in it.``
About Shi-itake mushrooms ww
I'm recently interested in California, because my university recommends us to go abroad to study at University of California.
That is because McDonald's in Japan campaigned various American Hamburgers.
It is famous as the home of the deity of studies.
In my opinion, Korean food is the most delicious food in the world.
When it comes to things that are ``slow and patient``, nothing quite matches the variety of Korean cuisine.
I felt it's important to study English recently.
You know, Japan is a small island, so we don't need to speak English. We rarely meet Westerners, especially in rural but urban areas such as Tokyo and so on.
I felt it's necessary to learn English lately.
So I started this service, ``Land-8``.
sometime I think I am really want to study architecture or..
I like vegetables because they are not too rich to eat.
I've been temporarily back home this holiday.
The consumption of energy is clearly increasing all over the world recently.
The excessive consumption of energy has caused various environmental problems.
This very famous song is written by the extremely talent musician Jose Feliciano.
That is the epic goal of every musiciain, to reach to the heart of others.
From today, I will write consistently in my diary.
If a dog is a rabid dog, it's very dangerous.
Nice to meet you.
My favorite character is Donald Duck.
By the way, I haven't logged into Lang-8 in a while.
I couldn't log in because I had forgotten my ID& password. Also, I have not been able to find joyfulness to keep a diary here.
I wouldn't like to add any more social networks.
Despite my feeling, my English teacher eagerly encouraged me to keep a diary and write something in English yesterday.
I read a scientific magazine a few days ago.
I'm a vegetarian, (actually I'm a pescetarian, it's almost impossible to be a perfect vegetarian in Japan!) and it's very rare here in Japan, many Japanese don't even know what a vegetarian is!
I go abroad quite often and it's not hard to find vege food in other countries, esp, in India all food is marked saying whether it is for vege or non-vege.
Maybe I should open a restaurant for vegetarians??
I didn't go to work because of a toothache.
But just after lunch, my toothache flared up.
I hope my toothache can heal quickly.
It is an English composition about studying foreign languages.
Three Russian sumo wrestlers took some drugs (marijuana, hemp, etc) and then they were caught by the police.
I want to learn Japanese. I'm ready to help your Bulgarian.
The Earthquake wreaked havoc upon the country especially in the Tohoku region.
Nowadays, I see people smoking in the street.
Today is extremely cold.
If it is excluded, it's all fun.
I tried again and again.
pas de volley, pas de vie...
I know I'm crazy but I love them and I really think they're beautiful!
I'm not sure if it's cool or not, but he appears from the top of the fire engine!
I have a great spot at the front where the fireworks are shot, many workers are now setting up the fireworks.:)
I was surprised that they had gotten my phone number from a teacher (not sure what this last part means)
But I am still happy, I am no longer worried about how I can attract more members, and that adds to my confidence.
Now, I have to prepare the welcoming ceremony to let more freshman participate in the club.
E-mail makes me feel happy, but uneasy and sad sometimes
What does ``text contributions`` mean?
Is it something like 'This book is for Helen' or 'For my parents', written by the writer on the reverse of the title page?
so it damages the hair.
I want to improve my English because I like talking with people; girls in particular. lol
I intend to pronounce the corrections of this entry and be corrected by my pronounciation by a native English speaker on skype.
I love spring because it's warmer than winter.
Yesterday I bought a used bicycle cheaply from a co-worker.
That's why I made plans to snowboard first.
I don't like to go the amusement park because the route to there is heavily congested all the time.
because 2 days ago I hung out with my best friend
I mean, for instance, at first they only detected oil in one place.
Besides, before the petroleum was found in Daqing, it (the region) was a wasteland.
Grammar and listening were more important than speaking for taking (the) exams.
We are comfortable with each other.
Moreover, I like the atmosphere of getting together with my family.
I am now an exchange student of Bergen University in Norway.
The document is very important for our work.
We have to improve the service continuously.
to evangelize the Pakistani people.
When I heard of her story, I decided to be a teacher
A way of thinking by Japanese is restricted by Japanese social convention without realizing.
because the girls there are beautiful.
We wrote calligraphy at first, and after that the teacher started teaching us how to sketch.
today I met my older sister and her baby.
I like the British spelling, pronunciation, and expressions as follows:
sound in British English.
tell me whether the British are more likely to pronounce it as 'I: ~'?
What happened?
For this competition, I needed gain weight so I would have some to lose. So I didn't fear gaining weight until today.:]
Secondly, ``t`` play more sports
I decided to run 10 km (about 6. 2 miles) per day, and to ride a bicycle instead of riding on the train.
All the santa and easter bunny things disappeared and now, it's only about eating.
I have to put some money onto my rechargeable creditcard in order to buy the tickets (for me and my friend) online.
The building has two towers.
Tomorrow, I'm gonna leave here for Ipoh by a express, KTM.
Ipoh is also a city of Malaysia.
I will try to write English and want to be able to express my thoughts in English.
So I thought there is no problem if our store is closed today.
I'm very satisfied with that color
I hesitated dying it.
I have heard that the Maldives 'sea level has been rising as the Antarctic glacier melts.
This also affects the animals and plants in Korea.
So, we switched from the restaurant that we were going to go to, to the bar.
All I need is courage.
My computer is slightly old and slightly weird.
Weird...
I hope that my english writing skills will improve in the future.
I would like to thank everyone who is going to give me good advice.
[First contact with an alien civilization]
It is not certain that we will see any aliens because we should have already seen some of them if they existed.
It is certain that more and more people will visit and stay in cities because a lot of people in the world seek more convenient and comfortable lives.
Of course, the number of computers increase and more people have the chance to see and use them.
However, it is difficult for computers to become popular in all nations including developing countries.
She visited my house twice a week and studied eagerly.
I already graduated from university and my major was occupation rehabilitation.
When I get up and look out the window, to my dismay, it is still raining.
Rain has recently become common in most areas of China.
In Japan this is called an ``American dog``. This is not the case in the US
I am wondering about the name ``corn dog``, why ``corn``??
I usually record music from CDs and transfer it into my iPod and watch DVDs on my PC.
The device is an important tool for me to learn English through music and shows.
I can watch DVDs again and it will help my listening skills!!
Enoshima is centered along the coast of Sagami Bay.
The region along the coast is called Shonan.
Shonan beach is the most popular in Japan.
Getting back to my main subject, I recommend two Ramen Houses.
The book is full of unexpected twists and we do not know who the terrorist or the guardian of freedom truly are.
And if you are not I would still recommend it because Digital Fortress contains an amazing story which drags you away from our gray reality and certainly changes your opinion about thrilling books.
Indian food is like roti canai, which is made of dough tighter with some soup.
MERRY CHRISTMAS
Today is Chirstmas day, but I just stay at home ~ without friends! What is a terrible day!
A foreign customer is coming tomorrow.
Unwinded at the classic concert.
Although it was Wednesday yesterday, the movie theater was full of the fans of Evangelion and many had to stand to watch it.
I chose Business Administration when I enter the school.
But I don't want to give up, I will study harder than before.
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
and co-workers is extremely good.
recommend on television, popular TV programs and
their children not to watch television.
watch television all night.
really unhealthy for them.
avoid useless and noneducational information.
My life seems like such a catastrophe that I couldn't help but sob for all my past teen-life.
Is it alright for a sophemore to dream anything about her future?
I work for an IT company, supporting on-line community developers like Lang-8's development vendor. I've worked here for about three years.
Our clients require us to make business plans to generate profits via internet communities.
This job is difficult but it interests me because we can directly recognize the reaction of the users through our plans.
I, however, want to learn more, and I know that there are azure, emerald and pale*.
My older sister also bought a little turtle after she saw my pet turtle.
There is a crown at a science museum in Tokyo.
Trad Japan is one of my favorite TV programs.
It explains many traditional topics with unique perspectives in English.
His favorite pagoda is Touji's (one).
The host asked another question.
The host compared European church towers with Japanese towers.
We have never heard stories about tall towers falling down in our earthquake-plagued country.
I wonder if most of foreigners think they can climb Japanese five storied
I had to mediate a conflict of opinions, because the employee was in trouble with the store manager for a couple of weeks.
I have no plan to become a polylinguist at all, but I might have to study basic grammar and conversations in those languages.
This weekend has been very boring.
I have also sent an email to my director of my project (the professor who advises about it).
Now, I'm waiting for a phone call.
But I didn't have a cast, so I bought pudding.
When I don't have something to do, I go to the convenience store.
But, it became a good memory!!
The good news is that I can get home earlier, so I think I can have more time to type my journal now.
It was the first timeseeing an university festival.
. It was the usual time.
I like reading novels and books on economy at home.
I'll go to another country to teach Korean language maybe for 2 years but I don't know when I will go there.
If I live in another country than Korea this summer, can you come to me still?
I have only heard of this movement until my company made us notice about it and suggested to participate.
If we do it for 40 consecutive days, that's only about a month and ten days; we could save a life.
She and I were supposed to go somewhere, but the weather is so fickle.
Just a while back it was really windy and there was snow everywhere but now it looks as if it'd never snowed.
I wanna enjoy the weekend.
kk Plz gim me advice!
This is a very serious problem.
I spent a lot of time learning English to get agood position in the company and I am really interested in communicating with people oversea.
Luckily for me, I have had a hope for the future since I found apurpose for my job, when I was young, I just worked hard without any suspicions to my job, because I thought that working in the company is our duty, even though the job is not interesting.
He told us, because he thinks we are innocent, that he was willing to keep in touch with us.
I have been studying English for over 15 years.
I had learned, at language school, however I could not understand and I forgot.
I use a electric dictionary and it contains some definitions.
This time I thought it was good to use English-English dictionary in order to learn the differences.
But the descriptions of silly, stupid and also foolish were slightly similar.
And I hope to study English very hard!
On the other hand, 12% people dislike obese people and this is less than the 16% of people in 2003.
By the way, recently one my lang-8 friends said that he dislikes female smokers.
I will have my 20th birthday in two days! A 20 year old girl, but I think I know a little about all aspects!
what a pity!
think of Willy Wonka and he got knighted.
But if you are a person who is able to make your brain always drive on, I guess you are able to think about more useful things although it is different from person to person.
I'm a medical 6th grade student at a medical school, so I'm busy preparing for the examination for medical qualification.
I ate fried chicken and had a beer.
For the two paper assignment, I need to write about four pages.
I've used it for approximately a week, I feel it suits checking feeds, watching iTunesU courses, reading some comics in bed before going to sleep.
I've done everything that my English teachers taught me to do: recite English words, recite passages, learn grammar, and do listening exercises to prepare for my exams.
l am very uneasy.
The idea that a person's character is decided from blood type is wrong, because the fact is that there aren't relations between a blood type and a character has been proved scientifically.
We have different personalities, and nobody can decide their character.
I have updated my profile but I think it is not perfect.
Please read the following:
Today I went to a children gym.
He usually plays with boys of the same age in the nursery school, but he can play with boys of different age too.
After that, we went to a restaurant (Big boy), and we had lunch there.
After lunch I played MARIO KART on the Nintendo DS with my host sister.
A Typhoon is coming.
The wind and pouring rain made it difficult to control the motorcycle.
My host family is Filipino
I have a toothache!
I went back to my parents 'house in Japan for the New Year's holiday.
In Japan there is really cold weather and the financial crisis too.
So I went to ``hatsumoude`` with my parents and I watched the ``Hakone Ekiden`` on TV.
I used to have 20-20 vision, but now I need glasses.
I enjoyed a pipe organ concert.
Organs and pianos are so different.
recently asked me about the condition of my car by telehpone.
but all I can see is a rice field because my area is the country side.
So I'm not good at playing sports but I enjoy leisure sports.
I want someone to help me with my English and Chinese.
I'm a Japanese computer engineer.
So I try to study English by some ways, such as translating computer related documents on the Internet, reading a grammar book and taking lessons in conversational English.
It's a place where people with disabilities and children stay.
It is my first English dairy today. I don't know how to write.
I do not have to go to work, I do not have any duties, except learning English of course.
This morning he woke up early at 7.
I usually eat out because I have lived the single life for 9 years.
It's a very famous food in Japan, and it's very easy to cook!
However each country has a different language even though the EU is one land.
Which ones of the following sentences are possible to use?
I learned about O-mamori in English and Japanese, so I will write about traditional Japanese O-mamori.
Usually, pieces of paper or wood are put inside a small bag or cloth.
Later it enabled me to play my kids their favorite songs--most of them were anime songs or nursery songs.
I enjoyed speaking with many customers.
Do you know at least three countries where more than two languages are spoken?
There are many new things, such as a dictionary, translation, and so on.
I haven't written a diary in awhile, haha!
I know it's really hard (don't you think so?) but I'm just trying to do my best.
The woman said, ``Would you like a cup of coffee?`` ``No, it's okay,`` I replied.
By the way, I have luck with my acquaintances.
The powder is in fact from China, but it is cooked with an Arabian touch.
I think I didn't do my best.
Today, my father will take her to the hospital.
Electrical vehicles
I watched a TV about electrical vehicles booming in China.
The TV said that motor bicycles using electrical power are popular in China, so they already have a foundation to make batteries.
I felt nostalgic.
We tried to meet the professor and we were successful!
He remembered me.
My birthday was on the 22nd of August.
My brother lives together with his girlfriend and their dog, Mazsola.
I was very happy because my boyfriend didn't have to work that day and he could be with me.
If you read my former entries you may know that my boyfriend is a cook and he has to work 4 days a week, but he doesn't know when.
So after lunch, which was a bit late at 4: 30, me and my boyfriend sat in front of the TV and watched a cartoon, and my mother, my father, my brother and his girlfriend went to the garden to chat.
After half an hour my brother took me to the garden where I blew of candles on my birthday cake.
I was very surprised, but I was very happy.
When we arrived at home, I immediately decorated his aquarium and put the fish in.
He swims a lot and he seems happy.
but something else means special.
And its meaning includes good things and bad things.
what do you do first?
I found I would be late for my German class.
He has been fighting against cancer since last Fall.
I've grown up with his films, so as a Japanese, I'm very proud of him being recognized around the world.
(A heavily edited and dubbed into English version of this film titled ``Warriors of the Wind`` was released in the 1980s, but it did not follow Miyazaki's original plotline.
Second, there was no heavy traffic, so I could get to destinations on time.
But I like rural areas like this town, because they're peaceful and there's plenty of great food.
In Kokugikan, audiences were being crazy about game.
it means, ``I have no lover``, and I want one.
The person sitting in front of me complains a lot..
in which, Goku was being playing by american actor,
When I was 19 years old, I watched a TV drama, 'Shiroi kage'.
It's weird!!
When I was in the military service, I took the opportunity to go out for only one night.
The magazine which e took today's articles will be on sale all over the country on April 25th.
What is the difference?
I have many plans.
It was Wednesday afternoon, I did the same thing as usual, did my work, drank my coffee, everything seemed normal, but a terrible thing just happened....
When I was typing on the computer and thought how I should respond to an e-mail, I noticed something strange, something was moving very slowly, when I glanced at the flower that I bought few days ago, I was shocked...
I imitate my teacher's pronunciation but I cannot pronounce ``r``, ``th`` and ``V`` well.
And I cannot pronounce and distinguish ``very`` from ``vary``.
Everyone hoped the happiness for the newly-married couple.
When I see clothes that I like, I just wait until they have a discount.
Hello!
However, I think, if there was enough time for me, I could get the right answers to most questions.
You just prepare some vegetables and seasonal seafood,
Last night, my sister and I sat on the bed and talked about her boy friend!
``actually, a boy loves himself more than his girl friend, including my boy friend`` she told me
not in my area:P I really wanna finish the training in there, and go to Heti ASAP.
anyway, so far I really love it here, the pay is good, environment is great and the people there are so friendly!
I felt like I didn't need to worry anymore about mistakes when I am speaking& writing
There is a traditional custom in Japan that a blood relation will pile up small stones to mourn their child's death.
And it's a Canadian version of piling-stones (cairn).
I don't like to be treated unfairly or unfavorably. ``
So, he has a heavy accent which is quite different from Taiwanese dialect.
Life should be on the go.
Desperate housewives
Her narration is rich in black humor.
My work is boring in everyday life, but it is also difficult on my days off, because I am working in a park.
Actually, I love my company, and considering the current economic climate, I can't leave.
Please tell me how to play them well...
My car was bumped....
My husband called out to me, ``Pass the salt!``
I didn't know the why he wanted the salt, but I brought the salt box to him.
Anyway, I felt tired and started to go back to my home., On the way I saw a pair of really beautiful, high-heeled shoesthat were marked down.
But when I was cleaning a shelf, some old photos came out and my attention shifted to it.
I'm not sure about Nagano (because the TV news reports don't mention it), but I can see from this blog that there is also big damage there.
I don't understand what he meant, but it isn't bad.
Our 20 surfer friends were picking up garbage from the beach and sea.
It is like a dream come true.
``Ciaooo il mi rammarico!``
I studied English a long, long time ago.
Now I lean (Learn?) to Japanese.
I planed to have a professional syougi player play an instructional game, but I arrived there later than I expected, so I couldn't.
Watched drama.
I watched a drama that was recorded.
This morning, it was cloudy.
Anyway, I went to Niagara Falls last Sunday.
My Japanese friends willingly accepted my offer, and we had a very nice time!!
I wrote my first English diary here today.
Recently in Japan, he has become a famous director.
Watching videos on you-tube that Ellen appears in, it dawned on me that she got married to her girlfriend and it is out in the public.
After knowing the fact, I felt awkward about watching her show because I couldn't help myself feeling some discriminatory against the insanity of tying the knot with same gender.
And I read an article in the newspaper that in New York, marriages between gay couples is officially legalized and it is becoming the fourth or fifth state where the gay marriages are allowed without being against the law.
My colleague said that Chinese drivers can't understand even easy English.
Sometimes, I feel so confused.
All I hear are the sounds of typing and music. Everything else is silent as though people didn't exist; as if I'm not alive.
Especially after getting married, as we have dependents.
It gives us a responsibility to support them.
When they started their business, they made many mistakes
Finally, they succeeded with their business.
It became their culture of the company.
my website
Chinese names is different from western names.
I live in Shanghai, I have studied English for many years, but I still can't speak or write English fluently.
I happened to meet a muscular man at a shopping center.
He was speaking with someone by use a cellular phone and then he suddenly got angry in a loud voice I was a little scared and I thought he was so rude. However, I was wrong again.
I also play the trumpet in a Jazz Band and actually I wanna be a professional trumpeter in my future.
The new job is totally different than my old one.
I had my hair cut today.
Some says that radioactive revel around Kanto area is higher than usual on Twitter.
Another funny occurance
He turned around, ran out of the court hall, which was on thesecond floor, and ran along the hallway to the stairs.
There areso many occasions like thisall around the world...
It was an irresistible impulse.
Although the summer was extremely hot, it was a short period during which I could've seized the opportunity to get intimate with her.
I have since returned to campus and the signs of summer are gradually fading away
I checked the Japanese-English dictionary from the column of Kana syllabary.
How can I possibly teach them?
In the end, I accepted their request.
Happy Halloween!
I was sent birthday emails by my friends.
Other specialists say that you should eat a light breakfast.
What was interesting was that someone who wore an armband which had characters ``STAFF`` warned a man who smokes in the yard near my lab not to smoke there.
I know there are so many differences between the eastern and western culture, so some people may think (that) I shouldn't be so worried.
I have problems with the past continuous, past perfect and present perfect.
``You know why you are having problems with english grammar?`` I asked, ``Why?``
She said, ``The reason is that you are thinking in Spanish, that is why.`` You know what?
I think everything is going to be just fine!
I have been making progress now I feel more comfortable talking with people whose native language is English.
I've hurt my wrist
She said she was 49years old. When I heard her age, I was very surprised because I thought she was around 70 years old.
by the British government.
UK economy shrank by 0. 5% which is a surprising result for all because it had been predicted to be between 0. 2% to 0. 6%.
This disappointing figure is partly because of the extremely cold weather in December, but it is said that public spending cuts have also affected the UK
Although it is important to tackle the huge debts of the government, I think it is also necessary to reconsider the amount of spending cuts and make sure the economy will continue to grow in the future.
First, I think I should introduce myself.
I showed reluctance to go on to a Japanese University
So I want to go to an American University.
After graduating from an American University, I want to work for a foreign-officiated company.
Happy new year!
I went to my grandmother's house.
Otoshidama is present money.
We just played one game because we were so hungry that we couldn't wait for dinner.
In this job I will be a supervisor of sales, although it's new area to me, I can't wait to try it out.
So I have to take her to the hospital in the next city.
she is one of the Japanese popular singers and I love her very much!
I had to practice dancing every GW so far, for I belonged to the dancing club.
I could say that Ayumi Hamasaki is the most professional and artistic singer in Japan!
It is the first time I am writing in my diary, too.
I dreamed/ dreamt of hugging her, telling her I'd missed her so much, and she just smiled at me without saying anything.
The dream is so warmly unforgettable because I could see my beloved family member and tell her how I had been missing her.
When I was born and growing up, my grandmother cared for and encouraged me all the time, and now I think dreaming of her will surely bring me good luck.
I was embarrassed.
My teacher saw that I was making an effort to solve the questions.
His advice is right (*), but I thought that I was expanding my English knowledge through research, reports and presentations.
The gap between my recognition and the (this?) objective assessment, caused me great shock and disappointment.
Learning academic words is also an important issue, so now I'm looking for a nice word book.
Some TOEIC word books might be good, but academic vocabulary is a little different from what TOEIC handles...?
I am majoring in Japanese in Taiwan University.
In the second year, we had all Japanese class up until now.
I think English is an important and an international language.
I think we can teach each other our mother tongues.
(why I am writing a English daily but with all the Japanese in my head?
In February, my friends and I will go to Singapore for sightseeing.
Maybe Lang-8 will be a suitable place for me to learn English.
That movies main characters name is 'BEN' (starring Will Smith)
Please tell me about some recommended movies or books
Do you have some recommended movies or books?
One of them is General Relativity, Special Relativity and Photoelectric effect.
In theory, we can go to the future by the use of Relativity.
But, There are problems going to the future.
The problem is that if you run at light speed, Friction of the air sets you on fire.
You can go to the future when you solve these problems.
So light spread as watering and light is composed of particles which we don't watch.
Light has quantum nature, Solves many physical phenomenon.
Material which has quantum nature is only light.
Light is very unique matter.
I'm a house wife but my family let me alone and prepared food for me during those two days.
What I realized as soon as I looked at the school gate from across the crossroads was that the construction next to the gate had finished.
I tried to watch supernatural online, only to find that the site had been renovated and I couldn't watch the latest episode....
In addition, I write a diary in English for the first time.
I will have a conversational English class at night.
When I was touring around Paris, I could see a lot of beautiful places, including classic and old buildings.
I didn't have any Indian friends in Taiwan, before.
But the type of rice is different from that in Taiwan.
Every ethnic community has their own character. (its own character)
Beautiful sunshine and comfortable breeze
What is the difference between ``other`` and ``another``?
What is happiness in your life?
For you, what is the happiness in your life?
Because if I thought otherwise, I would become unsatisfied.
Everyone was excited and we got NO. 1 among 12 classes.
I was born in Tokyo and have been living here up until now except for the one year that I attended a university in London.
I want to make foreign friends.
I must study English hard because English is an important tool to communicate with foreign customers.
Dear teachers, please kindly correct my sentences if there is bad grammar, wording, and so on...
I could not write my entry yesterday because there was thunder and lightning last evening.
For example, a guide, a translator, an interpreter, and a teacher.
In that Avenue, there is held ``Pageant of lights in Sendai`` every December.
My friend and I seached somewhere where it is quite to study the Chinese and Thai language, we have not found a good place so, yesterday we studied at a Macdonalds shop but there was a lot music and a lot of students do thier homework.
and I asked her about her about in Chinese they have a kungfu she laughed and said that she has a different type than in the movies because they can't spin in the free (air?) or a roof like that.
I really nice when we talk, good thing we understand each other some times I think she is Thai because she tried to speak Thai with me alot.
``And let's start to speak up when people are assailing us with the noise that I played you early on.``
Her kindergarten class was on a one day vacation because sports meeting was held on Saturday instead.
How difficult is the TOEFL?
I hope that I can apply for Master this year, but I am afraid that I won't be able to apply in time most schools 'deadline are in March.
Why is English so difficult to study!
During the test I could understand the lecture, if it was about an unfamiliar field.
Come on, you are 15 and grown, why do such childish things?
I'm a graduate student studying architecture and urban design.
I want to go abroad to study architecture, urban design and landscaping in the future, so I need to study English.
Although it was not matter itself, I was interested in urban design and landscaping, then I decided to study it.
After I went to the grad school, my desire became stronger.
In grad school, I'm studying the development control system of England.
The Japanese planning system refers to the European one.
After graduating from grad school, I wanna go abroad to study.
Although I think that, it's important to work in society firstly before going abroad.
I want to go to the University of Pennsylvania in America to study how to design.
I don't like to wait for anybody.
The Marilyn Monroe picture is world famous.
Yesterday I looked into an apple store with a friend of mine.
All the merchandise displayed in the store had sophisticated designs.
I wannna study abroad someday, maybe in America or Britain.
Recently, because of the pressure comingfrom all over the world, they are asking Chinese government to rise the exchange rate between RMB and US Dollar.
At my current job I work long hours, I can't take consecutive days off, I get home late at night, and the pay is small....
Moreover, because I'm tired out, I don't feel like doing anything at all on holidays.
I am (almost?) 30, and I am thinking of the future seriously.
So sorry for the complaints!
It's comfortable.
I need a slight professional point of view.
Therefore, they overcome the weakness by the influence of alcohol.
I wrote Taylor's interview's dictation for about one minute, but there is no way to know if they are correct.
So, it's a really cool balance of them being completely supportive but never pushing me too hard in one direction.
We don't see my brother and my dad as much, because they stay back home in Tennessee.
It's really good gauge for my actions.
Back to the JDORAMA's valuing jobs: whatever they may be was really pointed out in them. Their Japanese society's portraits showed that whoever you are you can do the jobs. Like in Gokusen: she's (who?) a teacher who also works on a construction. In Yama Onna and Kabe Onna there's a lady who can buy expensive bags that are sold, but yet she works as a saleslady on department store.
We took Line 3 again and we went to the same but still interesting restaurant again. We strolled around the campus again.
Finally I bought anipod touch.
Since I came to this college, I no longer complain unreasonably when I have to do something I don't want to do but am forced to. I am supposed to be responsible for my own actions,
speech, and emotion. When I get hurt now, my parents are not about to support and encourage me. I must shoulder the burden all alone.
studying, and working condition I must establish new personal relationships among my classmates and think from an adult's perspective. However, I haven't totally converted myself from my previous state to this new one. I tend to escape and avoid this reality often. I frequently ignore that I should take a solemn attitude instead of inappropriate expression in formal situations. Consequently,
We gain maturity, deliberation and confidence as a boy becomes a man. But I can't feel these in my mind. Maybe I haven't grown up at all.
By the way, In Japan, thanks to the mass media's biased broadcasts, people who love manga or anime are called ``otaku``.
My favorite song in his album 'Human Nature' is, ``Billie Jean``.
Her job is a policewoman. She is a policewoman.
Although it is only the 1st day we talked a lot
Of course, the taste was so delicious.
He is a very energetic and naughty boy.
It is his favorite.
She is in kindergarten.
During this term, I want to communicate with them a lot and be close to them.
Do you know an inexpensive but good restaurant in Hawaii near Honolulu town?
Seeing dolphins, eating hamburgers, reading books on the beach and diving into the sea might make me free!!
What else should we do there that you guys recommend?
After the class, I retouched a famous musician's picture, and some other tasks.
So, we're choreographing our dances.
It is difficult to choreograph dances for me,
Now I'm still at work, but I can't concentrate on my job:)
The little turtle replied, ``I will, if you don't drink my coffee.``
Particularly young people love it.
Slowly, but surely.
I am a university student and I'm majoring in economics.
Affluence does not always gurantee a happy life, because people with a large affluence don't think often on the problems which they may have, when they live as they like.
Because of their high standard of life, they buy what they want for a better life and eat what they want to eat.
especially in the U.
I'm addicted
From my experience, I know that if I begin breaking the rules like this, I can easily give up the/ my plan.
We could become addicted.
It's a simply quiet and peaceful place. You can see children playing with puppies, and people are sitting around enjoying their breakfast while talking with each other.
However, you can only have a simple breakfast when you are in a rush worried about traffic jams in the morning on workdays.
I always write a strange diary, and it is different than my thoughts
Sometimes I went to clubs or parties with them. Day by day we became friends.
I got a feeling that tonight is going to be a good night!
tonight is going to be a good night!
I'm so excited right now.
I don't know why, I am lazy, I have no plan, I only want to chat with foreigners to improve my English. Actually it's not good, I know, I am young, I should do something for society, I will change myself.
English become official Language in Japanese company in the future???
Rakuten's president said that speaking in English is inevitable to expand its business outside of Japan since Japanese market is shrinking due to the reduction of population.
But it's a little bit controversial because it's very rare for a Japanese company to use English as its official language.
Even successful Japanese companies in different contries like Toyota, Nintendo, etc have not set English as a official language yet.
I think people who already study English like us in Lang-8 don't think it's a huge burden.
Anyway It must be very difficult to achieve goals because English is rather difficult and doing a meeting or making a report in English takes a lot of time
I wonder how they prepare for its goals.
If English is understandable, you can get more chances in some way.
But I refused answer because I didn't put any make up on my face.
I missed a good opportunity to talk with him.
But when I told that I am 38 man, almost people disconnected immediately.
Almost every time, I lied that I am a 15-19 girl from cali.
People would come up with the stupid idea of comparing them.
Hahahaha I want to run so badly in the next 21 kilometer marathon in Tijuana with my official Japan shirt and that my brother wants to wait until the end of the world cup to see the list of rankings.
Although Japanese people are becoming aware of the environmental issues,
yes its gonna b last day of skool tomorrow in this term n after tomorrow, I have couple of week days off:) well I got punished by a teacher today...
hopefully tommorow, my last skool day is gonna be awesome not like today lol bye
I was so lucky that the bus was not crowded this morning.
To my surprise there were not that many mistakes in my diary, which re-ignited my enthusiasm for writing.
Japanese university entrance exams are very hard, so I have to study as much as possible.
I have enclosed all required documents except the affidavit of financial support from my company.
Some people agree with that opinion but others disagree.
However, there isn't any chemical seasoning in the foods made at home because individuals can't buy the chemical seasoning. We can also see the process of making the food, thus if we eat food in our home, we can prevent serious diseases and become healthy.
Although she looks weird all the time, I still like this character.
I want to travel to Canada.
During summer vacation, we want to travel to Canada because we have never been to Canada.
I often hear that there are beautiful nature spots to visit, like Niagara Falls, in Canada.
This Diary is English-Learning-Record and Life-Record.
There are many books.
I will read books I borrowed in my school's library, surf the internet like lang-8, go somewhere with beautiful scenery, etc.
There are many sources of knowledge.
Today young people not only use books to gain knowledge, they also are search for it in journalism, on television, on the radio, and through meeting with other young people.
The refrigerator has a function that makes ice cubes automatically.
So I decided, ``I will get an iPad at the Apple retail store on FIFTH AVENUE next month!``.
It is important to guarantee opportunities to recieve fundamental education to everyone.
Many people think that politicians and high society want to keep education expensive to maintain hierarchy.
For example, Waseda University, one of the best private universities in Japan, has its corresponding high school, junior high school, elementary school and even kindergarden.
If your family is rich enough to send you to Waseda kindergarden, you will not have to worry about future academic competiton.
Simply, most Japanese people do not consider education important.
Most companies do not consider academic backgrounds of prospective employees from humanities departments.
I didn't know that, so it surprised me.
He also showed me the neighborhood, like where was the nearest ATM machine and where you could got a bus ticket.
During our short trip, I saw a great view when we passed the Saskatchewan river.
There was a clear blue sky behind the bridge and I saw a beatiful river and green area.
Basically, it took 35 minutes though, I made some minor mistakes and took 50 minutes.
The faucet was very rudimental but it was quite difficult for me to control the temparture.
Although I was quivered a little bit (?), my palm was hot and thumbs were working.
I am afraid that I will become busy, after the class and internship-program begins.
When they they told me they planned to go to Europe, they asked me about my experience, and especially about how I made specific plans all by myself--from the list of cities I'd hoped to visit to ticketing, transportation, and accommodation. It reminded me of memories of/ from my own trip.
I won 8000 yen after 30 minutes, so I will buy Dragon Quest 9.
Today, I attended an editorial meeting for the academic journal concerning gerontology.
Because it is my strength.
After graduating, I worked as a military officer.
At the same time, I'm the second leader of my company.
It's to be an Internet marketing professional.
As of now, I'm looking for jobs in a private dormitory.
First, if you live in dormitory you can save a lot of money on food.
The public library is so close to my dormitory I don't need to take a bus to it.
The third and maybe even the biggest reason for living in a dormitory is so I can live freely without my mother's repeated talk.
Dreaming about my future, I'm studying in this small space in the dormitory.
Additionally, starting this week the tempurature has been very low, so it makes it more hard (or harder) for me to get up early.
First of all, I achieved the goal to pass the examination for CPA.
These days, I have read The Japan Times and The Nikkei Newspaper via internet andwrote some diaries like this in English.
Although I had time to touch up on English and studied English autonomously when I
I really, really want to make a friend who can teach me...
I'm fifthteen and I'm staying in malaysiato study art.
Yesterday it was repaired by one of my best friends and it is normal now.
Generally, I spend all my spare time with my computer every night, but when my computer was broken, I had to watch
I like one channel named HBO because
Yesterday, I came back from a six day trip with my friends in Paris.
Yesterday was very good timing to come back Japan, because now a big and
powerful typhoon has been travelling towards Japan, and many flights are being cancelled.
Im from Russia, and I live in Moscow.
I like to chat and speak with people from different countries.
I dream about Japan and Ireland-I want to go there very much! And I like Germany very much too and I would like to go there too.
I didn't have a fever, but had a cough sometimes.
I love animals!
I love animals.
Dogs are always very affectionate and kind to people.
I want to work in the World Animal Protection Society. So I have to study English very hard.
Eating dogs shoud be banned.
Ok first off you guys SHOUUULLLDD already know that I'm a respiratory therapist. Today I was assigned to the emergency room, which was FULL. Well I never expected a lazy day there but it was busy as hell!
Headache caused by bad smell.
I (and almost all passengers in the train) was surprised and confused at the strong and weird smell.
We guess that one or two of the members bring rain with them.
My friend introduced me to the job, so I learned the what to do from my friend yesterday.
I hope that if I keep working out and swimming it will do me good and it will keep me& nbsp; healthy, mentally and physically ^-^
Nowadays, my mind is stuck...
Do you have any hobbies?
Would I call them ``hobbies``?
My mother regrets that I don't care for her.
My family house is in Chiba.
Until today I have a lot of heavy tests, so I all I did was study, study and study (I cut down even on sleeping, these days I went to the bed at 5: 00a. m. and I still went to university
I'm going to do one or two more, and then if I have enough time, I will draw some pictures for Christmas;-)
But my colleague told me that ``I will put you through xx section.``
Me and my school friends can see cloudless skies from my school.
However we couldn't.
a park in the begining of winter
I feel refreshed.
Since he is living alone out of Korea as an old bachelor his parents have been worried since he came to the US.
My idea is that love is always changing..., last month I had a kind of BF.
They say the Japanese have good manners, but I think this is not correct.
Now, there are more than 4 'VOCALIOD 2' characters,
and some PSP software of 'MIKU' is available.
However, sadly, we haven't met each other since her wedding.
quarter pounder
I definitely hope that she lives as long as she can.
I did not learn English diligently at school.
Also I'm corresponding on ICQ with people who want to chat in English..
It's from Star Trek.
the following is from a radio show.
I studied a lot there, and now I'm really tired.
Coffee farm workers should receive a higher income.
An acquaintance from the other lab said to me, ``I heard you have become a chon-mage man, and that was true`` when we met yesterday.
tomorrow I work again.
First of all, I want to express my deepest appreciation to my nice friends who helped me to correct this.
I'm really honored to share this short story with you.
My friend Kazu-chan was stabbed to death by his skiing associate when he was a third year junior high school student.
I was so relieved and I deeply thanked him for his brave deed.
He said that he would need fried chicken, some Umebosi-rice-balls and sausages for his lunch.
I went to see the doctor for my broken leg.
So I had the chance to see my leg bone again. Shall I say hi to it? Having seen the picture, Doctor was not very worried.
It was really wonderful that I could see world-famous table tennis players playing just in front of me.
But my English is incorrect,
My sentences is very foolish.
I can't create good sentences.
I have a question about English grammar.
Writing an essay is a little difficult.
Because this is the fourth time I have attended this test! Still, I getEnglish.
I think learning languages is an interesting thing!
Now I am listening to, ``Born This Way`` by Lady Gaga.
She is such a cool women, isn't she? But the only word I know to describe her is ``cool``.
I am a person who always looks on the bright side, and enthusiastic self-motivator.
A barton relay the most interesting of all the competitions.
Although I have skype and msn's ID, I really don't use it.
I usually go there by motor bike.
We learned about passive phrases.
The next class was about comparing different cultures.
(Sato, the cartoon I watch recently is a Japanese one named Detective Conan.
With tighter and tighter relationships between each area across the whole world, any change that occurs in one region can influence the rest.
I am not sure what the Chinese economy will look like in the future; can we keep our rate of growth as fast as before?
She is annoyed about the difference in culture.
She didn't do good research about American culture.
I have read an American newspaper.
The most important thing that I should be careful about is that I have to speak English well, and talk with Americans well, too.
I heard from my friends that if you make a mistake in English, they would become a little upset if it's at fast food stores or restaurants.
My co-worker has comprehensive knowledge of computers.
(thanks for checking my letter, God bless u.)
You want to disappear. Everything in under your control.
I was trying to know your sorrow, the details help me realize your heart,
Today it's your birthday, Are you happy??
I am happy to celebrate your birthday in my blog.
Michael J, I just want to say thank you for you.
I was very happy.
but I have not received a lot of mail.
I like drawing the best, watching movies and listening to music too.
I thought many street vendors would be preparing their shops.
Marco, a Italian guy I had met in LKF in June, texted me back finally.
These distractionsprevent me from concentrating on my work at my desk.
I often hear a phrase in songs which is ``never be the same``.
It was a comedy, but it was very touching.
In colder countries, moccasins kept peoples 'feet warm.
The difficulty of learning English for Japanese people
But as I am proving that I am capable of grasping Japanese in a short time, I feel that my English is getting worse and worse.
However, she is very naive and gullible, so that she gets easily deceived by other people.
Durian smell was not good but,, the taste was good.
Eating durian was a new experience to us!
If I have a chance, I wanna go there again.
I am so tired, and don't know what to do.
The doctor advised that he stay off his right leg until the pain is relieved.
I wasn't going back to my hometown on the 31st of December, so I accepted it.
I look like a telephone appointee/ operator, because I am always wearing headphones and a mic/ microphone.
It's been a long time since you went to hospital.
Whether you forgive me or not, it was definitely my silly mistake.
She said that she misses me, and she may possibly come in October, but only for a weekend.
Shikoku is noted for their noodles, the hot springs and the beautiful nature.
I made a lot of friends there, including our leader Rick!
But I regard integration courses not only as a social political measure for foreigners, but also as a place of learning.
One definition of learning is to change human actions through new experiences.
If I run into a foreigner, they are giving me a kind of smile.
I bought an electronic dictionary at electric appliances store.
Tomorow is a big day for our school because we will be celebrating its fiftieth aniversary!
But I had just ran a 5000 meter long-distance race! It didn't seem like that long of a distance when I was first told about it. Now I am in the internet cafe.
You might ask me ``What have you achieved in 2008?``
Even if a non-native speaker speaks incorrect English, we occasionally understand what they want to say.
But native speakers occasionally can't understand what they want to say even though we understand it.
The drink is so sweet, and it feels like I am taking in 1000 calories.
now I'm interested in fitness.
after school, I'm going to ``Fitness First`` which I heard, is most popular gym in australia.
The concert was Base Ball Bear's.
But it was unexpectedly difficult.
Anyway, one thing highlighted for the next semester is that I'll have to start up the preparations for ``job-hunting`` seasion, which I think officially starts next year.
For our office, we usually buy toilet paper through the delivery service of office supplies, however, because the earthquake occured on March 11th, this service had stopped.
I went home late. I normally prefer to wait for my friend at the company. However, because she had a lot of work today and I realized she was going to stay alone at the company for a longtime.
Are you sick or something like that?
Maybe that man will gossip about my ugly face!
I like him because he is very kind.
To catch the information about Web technologies, servuces, etc.
I'd like to continue reading books.
I hope I can communicate with people all throughout the world.
Because he is not so good at mathematics.
I really need to appreciate him.
International School...?
In the world around us today, we are surrounded by a variety of technical mechanisms and tools.
Starting from the eighteenth-century, the development of technology has never ended, and has advanced faster than ever today.
Technology such as air-conditioners and electronical dictionaries do lead a much more convienient life than ever.
Some people might argue that technology undermines the relationship between people because once we are developing and using the technology, we forget to keep in touch with others, and that is the ``convienent (?)`` character of technology that makes people more careless about the way to get along with others, thus, everyone feels lonelier than ever.
I am in charge of 26 cosmetic shops.
I suggested that the owner analyses how her customer buy a commodity and apeal to nighborhood for shop's existance.
My English name is Betty, I am fifteen years old, I like music and sport.
Of you (who read this) don't mind, please give me advice.
I'm going to visit my mother in law's house this morning.
After the final exam, I have to find a job for the summer holiday.
I have already been working for four days, but I still can't focus on my job.
I don `t know how many people in Korea can speak English fluently even though somebody hasn't lived abroad.
I was shocked, and I looked back myself.
I've been so lazy, and I didn't do anything to get to my goals.
Once we want to achieve great success, we have to invest our own ability by over a hundred thousand.
Because of my school studying, I have little time to browse the internet.
In the following days, I will do my best to update how I learn something everyday, but it's possible my schedule might change.
Two are for writing.
The high-potential young guys asked questions. ``What kinds of computer languages do we need to know?``, or ``What are the most important things for working here?``
I just wish that they would recognize what curiosity means...
I am taking a English lessons.
After I woke up, I turned on my laptop.
This is an amazing place! I hope that I can improve my English writing skills and make some friends here ~
These stories are so gorgeous and moving that many times I couldn't help crying.
This is what I translated while watching the drama, Lie To Me. This was made in Korea just for someone learning English.
I couldn't approach you.
our business plan is clearly spot-on.
We took a boat that had a clear bottom and saw many kinds of coral, fish, and so on.
Although I have always wanted to go abroad, I think that there are many great places in Japan too.
The design is similar to foreign web sites.
Do you guys care if your brothers or sisters were older or younger than you?
When I ask ``Do you have any brothers or sisters?`` to you, you might answer ``yes, I have two brothers``.
I mean a lot of people I met don't care t whether their brothers or sisters are older or younger than them.
Oops!
similar to me.
My thesis is on the director Hayao Miyazaki, He was born in the 1941 and grew up in the post-war years.
We can see in his works most of the time, the protagonists are strong, independent girls or young women.
In Spirited Away, Chihiro is forced to survive in a bizarre spirit world, and had to work in a bath-house for spirits after her parents were turned into pigs by the sorceress who owns it.
Kiki is based on the novel of Eiko Kadono, and tells the story of a small-town girl who leaves her home to begin life as a witch in a big city.
I researched the program later on the internet and I found out it was a long-lasting program, but each time the topic changes.
of course its beneficial for me.
before I would drink almost everyday.
``Saki no yu`` is a hot spring with a very beautiful panorama.
I feel that the hot spring is very relaxing.
My ears are very cold when I ride my bicycle,
Something substantial like ``beauty`` or ``money`` are reasonable for me.
Articles are tricky!!
I talked on skype with John!!
I will call him again after I can speak English fluently.
Not a hamster.
The reason is ``there are no chairs``.
After waiting for the bus for about 40 minutes, the bus finally came to the station:)!
Yesterday, I did the presentation about my research (computer circuit design) in front of my professor.
I went to a training center with my friend today and worked on my weight untill I can be satisfied for the first time in 2 weeks.
Tomorrow is a national holiday, I decided to take the three days to travel.
The customer often says, ``Our system needs these functions.
They said, ``I have never seen such a huge swine``, but actually, the size of those pigs were normal for us.
The prizes for participation are a T-shirt, a bun and a carton of milk.
In fact, I want to have a new smart phone.
I'm just a human being, not a machine.
I don `t understand how you can distinguish between present perfect and present perfect progressive, etc...
I watch movies without Chinese subtitles to listen and speak English.
I am interested in the energy policy, especially, eco-friendly energies such as wind and solar power.
My mother is a full-time homemaker.
These days I often think Japanese noodles are good.
I consider myself a patient person. I like to help, and enjoy teaching.
Today, I went to the beauty salon and enjoyed a face massage for the first time in a while.
After a meeting we went drinking with my colleagues.
I'm not good with cold weather.
My hobbies
The expression is perfect for me!
Celebrate for my marriage.
``Newton`` informs us of many kinds of scientific things.
I want this fascinating magazine to go on forever!
Recently my wife watches a SMAP's DVD every day which was released on December 8.
I would like to learn Engligh for travel and communicating with others.
It makes me sad because nobody believe me.
it might be a bad thing because many men would like a women who can cook.
As I get married, it would not be good for our relationship because if my husband didn't like my cooking, we would have a problem if I couldn't make a nice dinner.
So I ate food, took some medicine and a bath. Then, I went to bed early.
I know very well that English is so important to me, so I hope you can help me with my English.
I have a plan that I'll go to Japan to study law 2 years later, so I must study hard, and I will.
But during interviews, when I am asked to describe myself in English, I always become nervous.
My friend organized free tickets for us but because we went parasailing in the morning, we didn't have enough time to go there.
I am jealous that site members can write such good Japanese composition!!
To take an ojek, a passenger should go to the ojek pool.
I can help you with Russian and you can help me with English or Turkish, if you want!
yet we sometimes regret.
Just compare merits?
Just listen to advice?
But the result was the result, so I must accpet it.
(2) Students who are expected to graduate from high school at March of 2011.
(3) Students who have (an average grade) higher than 3. 4 Japanese grade points average (maximum 5. 0); 3. 6 japanese GPA for students who apply at the faculty of law; and 4. 0 japanese GPA for students who apply at the college of technology.
It was cold, but we felt hot.
because we could earn that money with our feet.
From now on/ From this point on, I will prepare for the written module.
I am not familliar with classical music, but I think his music is very beautiful and touching.
He wasn't embarrassed at all with such an unusual girly outfit, so I thought he was completely miles away.
After all it said and done, I feel like my body clock is very strange!
Every year is representived by an animal in Korea.
I will also run around the neighborhood every morning.
The topic of whether we prefer to eat at home or outside in restaurants has been widely debated in our community recently.
As a consequence, this will lead to a very inefficient life.
The people eating at home may have sufficient time for their favorite interests than the former.
Besides, we can cook dishes according to our own appetites if we prefer the food to be hotter or have less sugar.
This is the best way to learn foreign languages.
I want a man who is ambitious yet family-oriented.
I read Japanese blogs which are popular each day. But I'm not satisfied with those because there are few blogs which treat politics or social subjects. Mostly they treat a subculture or talk about the writer's life.
He advised me on many things
I will try to study English
This morning I am tired from lack of sleep.
I think my cousin is a night person and she feels vibrant around that time.
I must learn business english.
It contained pork back ribs, carrot, onion and potato. (back?)
Today, I went shopping near by station because today is national holiday in Japan.
so I went my home rapidly.
I was cycling along the river with Yuya, who was riding behind me and shooting camera with a lot of enthusiasim.
We run and run and run through these people.
Anyway, I will keep trying my best.
Electric utility expense rises these summer.
So lots of things will rise too.
Studying history.
Yesterday I started to study Korean history again.
I prepare (d?) some things to study like a Korean history book, a reference book, a laptop for searching some subjects about which I might want to know more on the Internet, and a radio for listening to AFKN which has a lot of good popsongs.
I think I live in the happiest time of all human history.
After I get it done, I'll study history again tonight.
So, I recommend that you find your favorite, and make (good) use of it in your life.
I have nothing special right now to write about and I'm determined I must stay up all night for my schoolwork which is due tomorrow so I'll finish writing now.
Swine flu has spread over my city.
I started learning Hula this February.
I am on summer vacation, but I will have to make a graduation thesis.
Hm, sounds stupid?
I was so proud of myself.
Would you tell me if the scenery is still as beautiful as the sunset I saw with my family twenty years ago?
After work, I went to my boyfriend's house and we met out in front.
I traveled carefully.
It's been raining since last Sunday, and according to the weather forcast it will rain until next coming Saturday.
I have experienced rainy seasons so many times in Japan and Thailand.
Each rainy season's characteristics are totally different.
But I'm pretty sure that humidity makes Toro sick.
Today, it's a public holiday in Japan, I confirmed and called office of English Studies.
When I'm thinking about this, I sometimes think I will go the UK and meet her.
I want to talk with the members on this site in English very well.!!
When I was a junior high, one girl who was not my classmate came to close and said, ``Are you gay?`` I couldn't understand what she said at first but I replied ``well I have a sister so you might feel so.`` This is not an answer at all but I managed to say that.
When I was in college, one of the exchange-student who came from Canada, he asked me same question.
He apparently denied me.
I went to BORDERS last sunday with my friend.
I love this feeling, calm,,, and cool!
I think there are many different people and cultures in the U. S.
etc..
As you know, a person's personality is different from everyone else's.
But oddly enough, my blood type is a little similar
The reason is that we can order by phone call and get delivery service.
Naturally, their intonation and pronunciation doesn't sound familiar.
I was quite shocked about their carelessness and horrible food.
It is very rural. I love Yamagata because I can relax.
I had a violin competition this morning and went to my violin class this noon.
I have to write about Japanese actors using computer-generated characters, about why I think adults in Japan read comic books, and about whether I prefer fiction or non-fiction books.
That's why we are working longer than other developed countries.
When I stayed in the US, I often heard people saying ``that is my job.`` I think there are two meanings in that sentence; one is that I will take full responsibility for my job and the other is I will not care about other people's jobs.
Today was a little warm,_ so I irrigated the field.
Hello, I'm adaobi (not my real name).
I practiced it but they look like crocodiles a little.
At end of the year in Japan, we have a custom of having a meal with someone you had business with.
I think this custom comes from the saying ``All's well that ends well.``
Tomorrow I need to deal with a customer who really gets mad at our product...
I was disappointed with that.
Because I love playing soccer.
But, an individual is important for an alphabet culture country.
I think it is very important to think deeply
well, would you like to make/ be friends with me?
I am the only person to deal with legal and compliance affairs
Actually, I don `t understand all the lines of the characters, because I watch it without subtitles.
Just to see the local merchandise, and the people look vigorous there.
My breakfast was sunnysideup-ala-Thai, fried bread, and coffee with condensed milk.
the street vendor cooked two eggs in a metal saucer which is just the size for two eggs.
The coffee was really sweet, half coffee and half condensed milk.
I shouldn't have stirred.
I think he was also embarrassed.
It is definitely part of dynamic relationships with him, but it is not so easy to control it.
A ceaseless effort to improve yourself makes an unchanged value throughout your
Just now I received the acceptance letter for my poster from the conference committee!
But such consideration is a dangerous myth.
I said, ``Congratulations!!``.
I'm afraid of opening the windows in my room because it's very cold these days.
Japanese famous actress, or infamous celebrity, Erika Sawajiri suddenly announced that she decided to divorce her husband Tsuyoshi Takashiro, so-called hyper media creator (though no one knows what his job is) the day before yesterday.
Moreover, stating that he didn't know what was happening with a desperate pale face.
By lights, it was a bit strange that Erika, who is a beautiful young lady, married with Takashiro, who is over 40's and not so good looking with an ambiguous and suspicious job.
I think, however, Erika's abrupt decision without contacting with her husband was really cruel.
Although my situation is too ordinary to compare with this case, I once experienced a sudden break up.
There were 7 members altogether..
It's Sunday, and it's hard to see in northeastern of China in winter, but I have many tasks to do. Some reports (about computer, assembly language), and some electrician reports. It's must be hand in tomorrow, so I have no time to go out.
First, we drove to MeiLing where a company's broadband network was wrong.
We found that the fault point hadn't been there, so we drove to Zhongxi and fixed it well.
I think they're definitely great.
Each character has their own special accent and it confuses me.
I begin to study English with this site.
A mikoshi is a portable Shinto shrine.
It's much heavier than it looks.
My shoulder is still aching...
Anyways, there are so many clothing stores in Dong Wu Yuan and all of them are terribly cheap!
By the way, I've been studying about what is the best kind of industry for me to work in after my graduation.
I'm considering about my career plan, but I still have almost no idea.
Many university students have been doing job-hunting every day.
In Japan, first of all we have to write ``Entry sheet`` (Resume) to the company which we chose.
Also, we have to write the reasons for our applications, self-introductons, and so on, into the Entry sheet (Resume).
Now I attend a translator school and an interpreter tour guide school.
I watched ``super 8``, which was produced by Spielberg yesterday.
In a sense, this film is very Spielberg.
T., Jurassic park, War of the worlds, and other Spielberg films.
I must be careful of unconscious habits.
I'm going to Nara for/ on a school trip, so I won't write any journals for four days.
I am studying at a foreign language college now.
She doesn't wash dishes, she doesn't throw away trash...
I visited China for sightseeing this year.
Actually, some opinions expressed in these museums are problematic in Japan.
After watching the movie, I felt that the hero is very genius.
We promised to go camping this in summer!
All of them They all called themselves Tiger Mask.
My experience is that I have learnt English for many years, however, I still find my english skills are not good enough and it is also difficult for me to use a new vocabulary.
I have memorized lots of vocabularies, but the diction that I used is still very limited.
After 45 minutes of driving, we got to the field.
We had a primary school performance.
I can insist that a greeting is absolutely important when studying English.
Second, there was pronunciation training.
The pronunciation's role is also important when we talk to others.
Because listeners can understand our words when we speak to them correctly.
Every time I contemplate the fact, I think it's interesting.
Even though we are far from each other, we can still chat about everything, such as our feelings, our life, our work.
this afternoon I reached the downtown to buy some computer consumables.
A lot of groups go to the Aquarium just like us.
dealing off the bottom
The police searched out the evidence that the two companies have been dealing off the bottom.
-Communicate with collaborators until you get confident with your results and interpretations.
Some of us are a stumbling block, but we believe God is our rock.
Will you help me to learn Thai language?
I am going to the disaster area next Monday.
I see a pile clothes and I question myself, ``Why do we wear clothes?``
Finally, it's better that we should wear clothes when we get out of the house./ (go outside)
But Is it common word?
It's such an exciting game for Disney fans.
And my eldest sister promised to buy me a bag which is worth 130 bucks.
Everyone knows that each country has its own unique and fantastic culture!
so I decided to walk from the school to the station.
A foreigner who is married to a Singaporean.
Foreigners can't buy new HDB flats in Singapore, even if they marry Singaporeans, in short HDB flats are for only Singaporeans.
I've never done this before, but I reckon it's going to be quite helpful...
My mother was more scared than me so I comforted her the whole time.
She was a completly stupid girl who had spent two years in an American jail.
She spent her life in an American jail.
My father goes to Pachinko for his entire holiday.
It's a buffet party.
I was surprised by her energy!
So I tried to find a way to buy the previous model of MacBook with a US keyboard, and finally I decided to buy a model from the US Apple Store.
With this marine sport you can experience speed and exhilaration by riding on the water.
I was very surprised.
On the fifth day, I packed souvenirs for my friends and my family in my suitcase, I prepared to come back Japan.
In short, he has an concise policy.
I had an optic test.
I want to change my character.
My name is Kaori.
I'm going to school tomorrow so I hope for good weather.
Since he is currently staying at Zac's house, I can talk to him every day along with Zak.
When I was in junior high, one girl who wasn't in my class came to me and asked, ``Are you gay?`` I couldn't understand what she said at first but I replied ``well I have a sister so you might feel so.`` This is not an answer at all but I managed to say that.
When I was in college, one of the Canadian exchange-students asked me same question.
English work interview
Recently I applied for a job as assistant to the teacher in cram school.
If I conform the conditions that were asked for there will be a interview.
what is the best response?
And I lacked preparation for this challenge.
Of course, I'll try the second challenge.
Next time, I'll pass Grade Pre1 on merit and not luck.
I want more of an American atmosphere to a fast-food restaurant!
But the whole restaurant is an important place for me. I want to enjoy another country's atmosphere.
So I want to ask them to sell toys of Ronald and his friends at McDonald's.
I'm sorry, this is a negative diary.
I have been learning English since last summer.
To learn is my brain's training.
and I want to talk with foreigner.
Yesterday when I spilled my cookies, he ran to eat them as fast as an F1 car!
It is said that Toriyama Akira, Dargon Ball author, was
It is difficult to become a famous cartoonist.
Only 2% (in all) cartoonists can become real/ professional cartoonists in Japan.
What do you think about marriage problems?
My friend who is a 28 years old woman is thinking about getting married.
She said that he is the perfect guy for her (and they are having a good relationship), but she has problems about his parents.
According to her, her boyfriend care about his parents a lot.
On the other hand, I do not think that they can solve it after getting married.
Every couples have a problem, because we all are different.
My friend and her boyfriend are keeping a good relationship, so they will be able to accept his parents.
Honestly I think that she has too big a problem for her and she will regret to get married several years later.
My English didn't make sense to her.
I will go to shopping to get some groceries.
And l studying English at language school in Brisbane.
I want to speak and understand English more.
Many people were studying very hard.
Afterwards, we went to Doutonbori.
He smiled at me, what a pretty baby!
I still remember the feelings...
But my mother said ``Korean women tend to get plastic surgery.``
I made miso soup and another dish.
The miso soup was a little bit thick.
In the past I wanted to be a chef.
I know I shouldn't go on this, but I hate studying at home.
Result is... listening 78/ 100
Grammar 32/ 100
Today, I finally get back to school and my dormitory after an 18 hour train journey.
when I travel, writing a letter is one of the things that gives me enjoyment.
My English teacher is old, but she is very strict.
I got a SHOCK!> <;
I was very disappointed about this...
Usually they sell the books at a 50-70 percent discount.
On March 11 an enormous earthquake happened in north-east Japan and an enormous Tsunami was generated.
This incredible huge natural disaster caused extensive damage to the cooling system in the nuclear power plant.
Japan is one of the top level industrialized countries, the government and nuclear power companies repeated that using nuclear power is safe and no problem.
People against nuclear power in Japan were even seen as a little politically extreme.
Now, the accident is still not under control and the mythof perfect technology is broken.
One day Sarah decides to go to Norway and surprise Jim.
there were always some retired people chatting and kids playing downstairs.
I made a decision to buy a house and I moved to a better neighborhood in late 2007.
Chocolate truffles, scones and gateau chocolate
The topic is 'international marriage'.
I wil read my old diary and try to understand it again to help me be good at English in the future.
Although Internet is more and more popular among students, there is no doubt that book is an vital way for studying.
All of my servants have gone, they already go home when the Ramazan holiday come.
and my mom don't want them to come back, cause they are thieves, they stole some of my stuff, and often steal some food.
I am lucky girl beacause I know about this site
I hope meet friend on this website
There are a lot of tasks I have to do, and I have to be thankful for the actual status under this economic crisis.
We have rolling blackouts tonight because there is not enough electricity.
I think he urinated frequently because of the psychological stress.
I am writing a Master's thesis now.
Moreover, every user has been friendly and very kind.
And I hope that Lang-8 further develops in the future.
I've just finished watching this movie.
Tomorrow night, I will speak to my friend in English with ICQ.
We will discuss different themes: religion, music and jobs.
today, a frend of my girlfrend introduced me to lang-8, and, it seems to be a good website.
I thought there would be a clearance sale because it was President's Day, but I realized that I didn't have any money to spend for myself.
I hope I don't catch a cold
Maybe just a little bit, but I think they are so I want to continue writing entries and improving my skills.
Another thing is that I'm writing about different things in my entries, so in fact, there isn't just one topic.
RIGHT: He, the hero, has already gone on his trip.
This could be a one-time-only lecture or consecutive lessons on regular basis depending on the company.
Yesterday, I asked/ consulted the weather center about the average wind velocity of the area where the building is located
In order to accurately predict generation performance, I will use CFD and geographic software.
I need to do more research on the feasibility assessment of generation.
But from now on, I will try to write one diary everyday to improve my written English.
Written for the first time
But, interestingly, I have to call a American professor of my university Mr Duggan. He conducts a class entitled 'Linguistics.'
The reason that I joined this website is to write a diary in english.
To be honest, I think I don't speak english very well.
I hope to keep practising english and speak it well someday in the future
hopefully I can get the help I need here by asking many questions.
If you have a question, I will answer it to the best of my ability.
One meeting, one opportunity.
He can learn about our culture through Japanese folk tales, too.
They want to drive with their friends, and that is breaking the law.
It seems that their difference is power.
Perhaps they would get nervous in the fight so they couldn't use their power and techniques because they are polite and gentle guys.
Of course, the owner keeps the apartment clean so that there are no bugs at all in my room.
I was so hungry but there is no food in my refrigerator.
I have ramen, instant noodles.
After coming home, I tidied up the room for a moment.
I'm going to watch a movie and write a movie review, read a book, play with my pet and study English until dinner time comes.
This is my first english diray, I am very excited, I reside in Chengdu China. It's a very____ city, hehe, panda country, have you seen kongfu panda?
I thought that I should e-mail my Japanese friend to ask him/ her to come.
Unlike the other species, humans have culture.
The other day, I got the result of theTOEIC Speaking and Writing test which was held last month.
They are open on a national holiday.
I thought he might be angry.....
Otani says that ``The evolution of an insect is very fast.
Humans have great intelligence, but insects are more great than us in vital force.
Six years is such a short time that we could still remember each other distinctly, yet such a long time that we all amazed at the changes that had occurred among us.
Our teacher was an energetic and humorous young man, and he still is now.
sorry for any incorrect english
However, I think that it is not the case.
Moreover, I suggest that our lives are occupied with what passes for leisure in our society.
Today is wonderful, sunny day, but I have no spirit. I feel sick. What should I do?
The reason why I got such a good grade is by studying many English words
Fortunately, today is Friday; I can have a rest tonight and also on the weekend!
I listen to English on my/ an MP3 player when I go to my company.
What kind of MP3 is a good choice?
Hi everyone!
first diary
I live near the Urals mountain in a big industrial city.
This is school of design.
We told them about it, and they advised us.
Yesterday the worlds famous movie director Steven Spielberg talked about East Japan Earthquake at an interview in Paris.
I went to Singapore to attend a conference from Feb. 25 to Feb. 28.
To quit smoking seems like something impossible for a heavy smoker.
Yesderday, someone went to my Blog and left me a comment.
I am very weary.
I have to writea diary that is attractive to readers so that it can be corrected by someone.
To pass another car, I must handle the controls carefully.
Recently, an unrealistic politician has become an issue online.
The government supports poor people financialy.
The day before yesterday, a politician who agrees with the current policy wrote an article on the web.
He only ate fast foods-due to lack of money, and he didn't consider other factors such as phone bills, electricity bills, transportation fees, etc.
I read an article on newspaper recently.
this is my first time here, my classmate told me this place, today, so, I came ~
She thought that her life was boring.
I didn't find her life boring. It was common, calm, but not boring.
She recollected her previous life and realised that it was good.
We should find joy in our everyday lives.
I couldn't express what I feel in this post.
But, some of my Chinese and Taiwanese friends doesn't like him since he has a dirty mind...
Japanese companies often evaluate one's score of this test when university students are applying to their companies for a job, so it is important for us to achieve a high score.
This test includes written and speaking sections, so even if you are native English speaker, it is very tough to get a perfect score.
I hadn't really talked with her husband because he looked really tense when he came over to my parents home.
I can understand a little of the movie with japanese subtitles.
There are a lot of countries in Asia such as China, Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia, Burma, Thailand, India, Srilangka, Pakistan and Nepal as well as Korea and Japan.
So many people are suffering with unexplored bombs and mines in Vietnan and around the Tailand.
I don't understand why we are fighting each other because of different identity, sex, race, class and religion.
Several rock bands had exciting and passionate performances.
It brought strangers together in a common interest and it represented young people's attitudes towards life.
I moved to Haruyamachi (?), Mizuho ward in Nagoya (?) city.
On the way I go there, I drew 100 thousand won out of my account by card.
In comtemporary society, the amount of information broadcast by media such as internet, radio and newspapers
Newspapers play an enormously influential role within the whole media.
I don't know this function well yet.
So, I will often use this useful tool:)
I commuted to English language school and stayed with an Australian family for two weeks.
My part-time job is at McDonald's.
does erratic mean really bad, harmful?
A human being is a lengthwise creature, so you must always keep balance.
I was wondering about applying to your school for admission in hairdressing.
I think it has not finished receiving applicants yet
We were confused because we thought it was supposed to be in the mall not outside the mall.
After going to the hospital I felt better about my anxieties over ticks and skin issues.
Why do all the non-heterosexual people have to make an extra effort to do anything.
I'm angry with all these people who are talking nonsense against gay marriage. I'm extremely angry with all the people who says things like ``it's unnatural`` or ``it's against the moral concept of family`` or rubbish like that.
Homosexuality is not an illness, but homophobia IS.
I am hosting my support group, which helps facilitates our lifestyle, in my house today.
There are for people who want to improve thier life for the good.
I want to go to Hawaii!
I am looking forward to the weekend already.
Please tell me how to be more positive.
I want to get along and keep in touch with him in the future too.
Now, I am thinking of starting to work part time, so I have a question: ``How often do students (like in universities) in other countries do part time jobs?`` In Japan, from what I know from my friends, many students do part time jobs and spend many hours on them.
Does this mean that I am very dependent and childish? I am worried about this now.
There was too much water on the floor ^-^
because it has some important features such as Contactless IC smart card,
You said you would treasure that clock forever, but you've gone against our rule again!
I wrote my last entry without checking it, so in the last paragraph were many lower-level mistakes.
I finished my journey in Australia and got that job vancancy in BAHA after going back to Taiwan.
And the song that I am going to be cover is called You Can Win.
Today, I played futsal with my co-worker.
But unfortunately, I am overweight and have a wider waist.
I am a middle-aged man.
I heard about Lang-8 from my best friend (love you!) and I became interested in it.
I keep saying that I only study English this time! (?)
I wanna change my job and it requires me to speak English!
I'm writing this diary with a translation site.
Before writing my first journal, I read a lot of entries that other lang-8 users wrote.
I remember seeing it years ago and I was really impressed by the story and characters at the time.
Many kinds of fish, freeze dried, half dried, salted, and fresh, raw fish.
But still, I'm excited I'm on vacation.
When trade tensions heated up in the 1980s and early 1990s, these years became known as the era of ``Japan bashing``.
It was my choice.
Then I bought a Chinese phonecard at Peking Airport but in Tianjin it didn't work.
I'm not newly graduated anymore, you know!! ``was what he said.
Well, I'm glad that I'm one of the very first people they think of when they're in trouble, but please, 3 calls per month is just waaaaaay too much for me..
Ever since I started listening to Mariah Carey's Memoirs of An Imperfect Angle, I was deeply attracted by these kinda music.
It has a convention hall for 1000 people and eight banquet halls.
So I started a wild English project.
Beautiful spring!
Spring is very beautiful! In this season the flowers bloom, grass sprouts, and there are green trees.
I had thought that reading practice and having conversations with my wife everyday were enough to master English.
So since one week ago, I have started (doing) listening comprehension exercises there.
Now, I can't understand what the announcers say at all, but after I read the texts, I can understand them.
Inspiring quote: ``Possessions don't define you, your lifestyle defines you``
I can say that from my personal experience I carefully monitored my life.
English Conversation
I have started to take lessons on English conversation recently.
He's so talented because he can play the guitar, violin, and piano.
Usually, I'm not a casual sort of person but
They are newly opened malls (department stores?).
There are many people there.
I often see Japanese woman with foreign men as couples.
Japanese men are not popular with foreign girls?
But, the club chief is planning to have some parties regularly after the dissolution.
Perhaps because of age?
I will play tennis in this afternoon too.
However, I conquered my self/ emotions at last and tried very hard, and became one of the best workers in that factory.
Meanwhile, I try to find the weaknesses in myself and try to be optimistic towards life, even occasionally somethings will happen unexpectedly.
As some famous people say: we cannot change anybody else but ourselves because we have to realize that in these hoards/ masses of people there are without doubt many kinds.
I like your display of courage but at the same time, I envy it.
Quitting my job
The food was wonderful and the people were very friendly.
I sometimes go to coffee shops such as Starbucks or a Doctor Coffee.
What is your favourite season?
Major companies start in April, so my neighbours will move soon.
I would like to make a special (?) day for my 2 neighbours but I haven't hit upon a good idea.
I thought that the meaning of mature was to pretend that you have a high status, to handle everything with high efficiency, to keep steadfast with my principles with high profile, and to treat those who are younger than me well.
For example, cleaning up campaigns and collecting trash in the street to contribute to society.
I also have to carry all of my luggages to my new house tomorrow.
Before I re-entered Singapore, I withdrew two hundred thousand Japanese yen in Japan.
Why doesn't anyone correct my diary?
pleAse correct my diaRy.
5. A momentary separation.
Because he slept all day.
midnight crying
So tonight I will sleep soon.
The bank was pretty crowded at the end of the month.
I hope to give someone the chocolate next year!!
I went there early in the morning.
and the rest was the endodontic treatment.
We will need more time. ``
Miyajima is an island, so we took a ferry to get there.
The other day, I decided to attend an English school called Presence at Omotesando.
I will write here regarding the progress of my English skills through the English school, ``Presence``.
Because people who speak English very well are cool in Japan, some Japanese people try to talk to them in English.
Modern day people can use the internet, thus they can easily contact their families and friends and can watch the broadcasts of foreign countries.
I really want to ask English teachers living in Japan, please learn at least intermediate Japanese, because Japanese students really want teachers like that.
I don't have any complaints that they only speak English during lessons, it's essential for us, but sometimes we need explanations about English grammar or difficult expressions in Japanese.
It's always interesting to learn something new, and I personally like studying foreign languages.
This week I've been feeling like I live in Siberia.
Fortunately, the snow began to melt.
I brought my mobile items. (laptop PC, G-shock cellphone, Android phone, Voice recorder, Handy video camera,
Anyway, I made today's an appointment.
He replied, ``What?`` with a frown on his face.
I'm Sho, a college student studying engineering in Japan.
Well... and I like listening to music as well, especially foreign music, for example Linkin Park, The Used, My Chemical Romance and so on.
Gee, I shouldn't have written about New Year's resolutions.
Anyway you'll see how my resolutions go around June.
because I moved back home last summer from another prefecture
look for a band partner in my city.
I like my city but I prefer Canada to Okayama because I like North American culture, customs and music.
Child abuse
I want learn to English (I'm a beginner).
It is very expensive, but all my friends said that if I buy a cheap one, I'll regret buying it and will buy a new one very soon.
I want to decorate my wedding party with many beautiful flowers.
Now I am in Chain China next to the Hong Kkong area.
We were once in a primary school.
Also, I understood I got close to paradise or heaven in a different way.
In those days, the most interesting thing was maybe fashion magazine.
beautiful clothes and shoes.
I remembered that when I lived in Japan I had a lot of trouble with the language barrier and customs.
TOEIC is the English test.
Yesterday, I stayed up late at night.
So, it was unusual for me to wake up that late.
Especially my father doesn't believe in God at all.
An interesting day
The weather is warm and sun is shining.
In this bus, I meet three foreign students, one is American, one is German and another is from Holand, they want to visit ``Tian an men``, but they didn't know how to get there.
what a good chance for me to practice my English.
What an interesting day today.
The school provides one on one lessons.
I talked with a native speaker.
The picture is of a SHOKADO BENTO (It's a high quality lunch?)
I was exhausted while making a 100sheet presentation file using the power point.
Recently, during a protest to condemn an ineffective legislator there was 67 years old man who painted the house of representative's roof.
By January 1, I received a lot of New Year's cards sent by my friends and relatives.
First of all, you can see different types of Japanese culture in Tokyo.
My mother usually buys dried bonito and shaves it when needed.
My hobby is playing the guitar and singing.
Lang-8 is amazing!!
The game was held very early in the morning in Japan.
I'm really relieved to hear that.
I am suprised that I got the pass mark in my CFM EXAM, the LAW EXAM result got a high mark as well.
It feels strange, funny and interesting.
So I finally noticed my bad behevior. (acustomer) (?)
I decided to try to close my computer immediately after I finish writing in my diary.
Many people think that time passes quickly when you use the computer.
Now I am going to try a lang-8 marathon (I named it by myself)
My love is always something strange.
This picture is from the Kumagaya Fan Festival. If you have a chance, come over next summer.
I saw two idols today.
But, he made every endeavour to speak it, and at last he was able to convey his feelings.
Moreover I find that my sentences are too long and it is difficult to understand.
this is my first post on this website and first English in my life.
I especially like Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
a shop opened in Shinsaibashi.
That is amazing to me because I've never been abroad before.
He always makes me happy.
I am good at mathematics so I easily understand the subject that relates to mathematics.
The benefits of this website are not only learning languages but also making friends.
I called him when I heard about the incredible disaster with the earth quake.
I just called my sister and I found out he is working very hard with very little sleep.
He is kind of shy..
One day, he told me that Japanese Self-Defense-Force was trained for disaster relief from earth-quakes and tsunami.
But, unfortunately, the worst nightmare has come true...
helping thousands of people to the safety-area before the tsunami hit.
I thought the way it tasted was different from how my boss makes it.
Then, I realized my mistake.
So I'll make the sauce again this weekend, and perhaps a Hollandaise sauce too.
She became sensitive.
He explained her that Michael had the same disease as she does but he is cool and became famous.
She was encouraged by him and recovered her confidence.
Can you imagine if your color of skin changed?!
She and Michael are brave people who got over their own disease......
the garden of a nursery school
A nursery school which I can get toon foot in 15 minutes, opens its garden for children.
but I never thought that there were very mess! (?) Meaning most people were cheating on the examination. I always consider Chinese students quite smart! Yeah, of course they are smart! But it was not fair to cheat on the exam, right?
That's unbelievable!
I can read English stories and articles, and I know many English words, but it is very difficult for me to listen, write and speak English...
Sorry about the negative outlook.
There is a simple answer))
Congratulations!
I've already worked at new work for a month.
I have been asked to translate this (below) into Japanese by my friend.
I cannot translate.
Can you translate this sentences into Japanese?
But I'm happy anyway because it's SUMMER!!!
The correctee might have believed that those were right.
Oh! That's great!
To solve the problem, I believe that young people should go overseas to study, travel, help developing countries and so on.
I think it would be better to lower the air conditioner.
And I regret a little bit that I didn't try to ask in detail for alternatives because I barely understood what the clerk was saying.
He spoke too fast to catch it (all).
I know to handle a thing like this; you have to be proactive and patient.
Oh, being in the States, feeling alone, it's just hard to handle it.
I went to this course, because I can read English text (not good, but I can), and I can understand English speech (worse, but I can), but I can't speak it!
Recently I wrote new year cards for my friends, and put them into the post.
It was a loud thump...
In my spare time, I have broad interests like many other young people.
I (usually) study for a long time, so it is important that I find a more convenient coffee shop for studying.
Additionally, it lets us use the AC power, so we can use our laptops there.
A lot of my friends are worrying about their future, because many companies have decided to cut their costs so that they do not need to recruit others to join them.
I also worry about my future. I have been working as an intern in an international company for 2 months, but I'm not sure I can stay there.
The reason for my call is to confirm the shipping date.
I am working in Procurement Department.
In addition, jogging after working became my hobby too.
my husband doesn't think it's good.
I might be more strict with her about money, rules, and study than he,
, We will go to Belgium from 29th August to 3rd September.
I work in the Jewellery department and my partner works in the fashion department.
About Libya.
I have heard much news these days about Libya.
And I also heard that many countries are concerned about the exodus of Libyans.
From what I've heard Tunisia was no longer able to deal with such a influx.
But I think he doesn't feel much responsibility because he said Libyan people love Libya and Gaddafi.
It's ridiculous.
Suppose that a girl has loved some guy secretly for a long time.
You are interesting. '
I'm Japanese.
If you watch the news on the tv or internet, you will get information about the nuclear power station in Japan.
In my opinion, I think we should close that,_ firstly, it is too dangerous and we cannot control radiation.
Secondly nuclear power stations could produce some nuclear waste.
We also can find other resources to replace nuclear power,_ for example solar power and coal and oil.
In the case of Shizuoka, Yakisoba (grilled noodles) is a very famous food.
David Coverdale is one of my favorite singers
because his voice is adorable. Many people are fascinated by his voice.
Nowdays, many hotels offer a discount price, it would be cut in half.
Couldn't understand!!!
I couldn't understand English or organic chemistry.
I haven't written a thread in a while a while.
Usually it is/ it's warm over there, because of the sea, but that summer, the weather was either cloudy or rainy.
but recently I really can't have confidence so much about my English skill.
I don't know why they can remember vocabulary so much!!! umm anyway I have to study more.
After arriving there, she didn't want to get out of the car and cried very hard.
The teachers were worried about her.
I thought she just wanted to ride in my car more but couldn't....
I'll keep watching next episode after!!!!!
I couldn't go outside because of the typhoon, but today was fun:D
These two movie stars are the beginning of my study.
I'm suffering from a migraine.
It's something like a migraine.
BUT I WHEN FOUND OUT THAT HE SHOULD COUNT THE QUANTITY OF SYLLABLES IN THE LINE, THE DEVIATIONS FROM METRE, PECULIARITIES OF GRAPHICAL FORM AND RHYMING SCHEME...
The wall, the table, the counter, and all of the stuff are made from ice blocks inside.
Even drinking glasses are made from ice.
I like to write a diary entry but this is my first diary on Lang-8!
I have known about Lang-8 for some time but I've been nervous about writing a diary on Lang-8:)
I'm learning English in several (different) ways.
I am reading a newspaper, 'Student time.'
I watch web TV, and so on.
Hello ~!! Foreign Friend ~!
because, I have freedom.
Meeting my friend, eating nice food,
sleeping a lot, studying English, I do that too! ^ 3 ^
I'm going to take part in Hana, where I learn English speaking with foreign people.
On a cold day, I feel like eating a hot food.
If you eat HoBBang, you may say ``Ho ~ Ho ~`` eating.
But it was put off due to the big typhoon.
I wanna write a letter for to host family.
In Melbourne
Because this is my first opportunity to go overseas and Melbourne, in Australia, has a lot of nature.
First, we got on a plane for the Gold Coast, where we then transferred to a plane for Melbourne, then my host mother picked me up and took me to her house.
We have three classes tomorrow, to teach us what Melbourne has.
I gave it to the station cleark.
Recently, I've been addicted to eating crackers.
In Beijing, I have a lot of trouble crossing the street.
Actually, compared to Japan, Chinese drivers drive very fast and roughly.
Today, we sold the same frypan again.
My favorite color is blue.
Today is my first visit here.
A case in point is Edison who invented the light bulb through numerous experiments. What's more, he wasn't defeated by frustration, and he also said, ``Failure is needed and it has the same value as success for me.``
I plant vegetables in my veranda.
Last Saturday I had my hair cut.
Chris Moulin of the University of Leeds, you can induce jamais vu through semantic satiation, which means basically fatiguing a patient's brain by overexposing him to a word.
After reading the aforementioned info, I wonder whether there could be some implications for language learning over the short and long term.
Today is april fool's day. In the usa, people usually fool their good friends to make everyone happy,
because the old generation doesn't like it. In their minds we would be very impolite if we do that.
Tomorrow we'll have a outing. My company organised it. We will go to a famous and beautiful place, and we will see a panda. I am so excited and I'm really looking forward it!
I always try to broaden my perspective, which means I cannot easily answer any kind of question just from my knowledge.
Even native speakers have a hard time writing something abstract, what it will be for a Japanese kid to do so?
Although some emotions and morals are still cryptic to my age, I was touched and just ccould n't stop the tears because of the beautiful regret and the heart-breaking ending.
Are people in modern society losing their moral values?
Some of parents are very aggressive.
In such tight situations, teachers find it difficult to provide good education and teach good manners to children.
Youths learn very naturally how to respect their seniors.
Each of us has to recognize the importance of morals.
After I posted my journal yesterday, I regretted a lot because I wondered if my journal entry sounded offensive to some people.
I want to say that English helps to express my emotions more easily than Japanese.
I suggest that there are some cultural differences there.
I am nearly forty, I work for a company and I am a department manager.
M every day except saturday and sunday.
Because I can't type a letter on my PC....
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Um.... see the Jeepney in Manila, Philippines...
They always give you an uncomfortable face when you hit (bump into) them on the road.
Of course, he didn't hear that, and he picked up his hat I had hit off.
As my college is in Kyoto, I usually only go around in this area.
but, I am going to Tokyo to take a seminar for job applicants tomorrow.
Thus I think that I would be busy, but I think that ``busy`` is an evidence of one's living life to it's fullest.
He used to work in a sushi restaurant when he was a child.
But she said ``I have never used it because I have a poor background.
I want to speak English fluently and I want to get a job in London.
I was a bit confused.
Today I met my new roommate, who came from England and worked in Australia.
He went to New Zealand to work and just stayed here for a couple of weeks.
Actually, I don't want my roommates to change constantly.
Best regards/ Minato
because I think it's not interesting and there was a typhoon then.
My room was a little messy before. Oh...
I forgot to write that I'm not lazy!! So my room is good now.
Of course I know there are a lot of mistakes.
Well, I just signed up. I hope that with this web site I will improve my English skills.
However, I received an E-mail from the community center, saying my reserved books have been prepared, so I'm happy.
I am born in Jiangsu pro China, so I have no chances to communicate with foreigners.
Eating is important.
Well... to be honest, I am totally broke...
So now, I will be open and flexible for any financial suport from any of you!
Anyway, money is not the subject now. The more important thing is to have great and unforgettable memories with my freinds during each trip which I hope will cheer me up sometime I'm upset or depressed with my work in the future ^-^
while I `m taking lessons, I put my usb to a computer and study English from Eigoduke
There must be a certain relationships in which you tend to hesitate to leave a comment unless the topic is absolutely familiar with you.
His full music video will be released on the 21th.
They pretend to be intimate with us when they need our help, why aren't they satisfied by our benefits?
We talked about various things for two hours and had a wonderful time.
I'm a student at Hanshin University.
Someday I hope to play the guitar.
However, I definitely am going to enjoy my life there...!
We are going to the selection football-soccer match when the American Cup is in Argentina. I often meet my friends to watch TV.
I came here today (yesterday?) on business.
Most of his works are painted wide lonely landscapes with tiny objects such as houses,, boats, animals, trees...
His first illustrated work 'The white bird on my bench' has been published in various European countries after which he won many awards.
I want to have the ability to help somebody easily.
The sweat was pouring off my body.
May this new year bring you many opportunities along the way.
Because, when we caught up witheach other in my English lesson, I told her about the changing of my way of thinking these days.
She also took the class to improve her pronunciation.
I talked about some topics including international marriage with her in the car.
I'm a university student learning about architectures.
Last month I visited London for 2 weeks.
This is the first abroad trip for me.
co, I would like to apply for the position of a Service Quality Manager.
My ring finger bone was broken the other day
accidentally, during a soccer game with my students.
I attacked one students by accident
The next day, my left hand turned pale and a litle bigger.
It's now a chance to strengthen my right arm and hand.
I always love my mom but sometimes I lose control when I start talking to her and I become crotchety with her.
I act crotchety but it's hard to keep my composure with her.
It would be very bad if I had to be with others in that time.
Actually, my son is always being mistaken for a girl in china.
This weekend I'll take part in the National Computer 2 C language exam, but I haven't prepared well, so I don't have confidence.
The third question was, ``Describe one of the situations in Picture B``.
I went shopping with my mom.
And at night, I went to eat curry rice in a restaurant with my family!!
I am going to introduce Japanese folklore to you.
I had watched Supernatural previously but now the season already finished.
This is a really good hidden taste except for one thing: it takes a long time to cook soffritto.
The received items are white belt, shirts, and black cut and sewn.
It will be an unique ceremony.
By the way do you know Turtle Talk?
Otherwise, The sentence does not seem to have enough meaning and structure.
I can understand the teacher speak but I can't answer questions correct.
There was a English Promoting Test at the end of the month in my academy.
My teacher said,
But your writing is not good, So I recommend you write a diary ``(I can't remember it exactly,,)
I didn't see fear from radiation in their faces.
Especially in past 3 months when a big natural disaster has happened and the affected people
need help immediately.
I question why my country does not allow both strong and long administration.
In addition, Japan has a mono-cultural society so I think Japanese people tend to be affected by the media's opinion easily.
I want to travel to Europe, Australia, New Zealand and so on.
Mah-jong day
This weekend
Then we talked about our jobs, hobbies, marriages and so on.
We had several opportunities to speak English, but I don't speak it well right now. I am convinced I will speak very well in the future.
Within a few days 'time, we had to quickly switch to wearing cotton-padded jackets.
I study very hard here because English is not my own language.
A: I have a lunch box everyday.
However, you enjoy hot meal there?
I am watching Criminal Minds on TV.
I need immediate answers to these questions.
No one can live without peace, which means that the Palestinians cannot live but only try to survive.
First I have to decide a specific goal, for example to pass one qualification, to take an exam, or to get job.
Second I have to plan until I achieve the level and I know I I have to do this thing in one year, so I have to start today.
It is most important that I continue that thing.
My small objective is to go to an overseas university to study next June for 10 weeks.
My daughter's school is having a field day tomorrow.
I ate stuffed chicken carsarole (?) sounds like that.
I resulted in eating too much.
I very much want to improve my English
I love to play with friends, plus singing and dancing.
Could you tell me about your favourite music and singer?
Japan is the second biggest economy and the biggest economy of Asian countries.
For example Japan is good at making video games so a lot of young people play video games and enjoy them. (enjoy video games)
In today's class, we talked about ``the unnecessary things in the world`` in English.
But I don't have any plans to go the sea.
Because I have too much homework and I also have a test for tomorrow....
I'm working at a restaurant because I need to pay the school fees.
I was running, dodging many people to get a boxed lunch at reduced price.
I have a running nose, but I don't want to see the doctor, because the medicine will make me more uncomfortable.
To teach my students mathematics.
If I didn't have it, I might have fallen behind.
But, I wonder if young game lovers can understand them.
Today, a foreign friend gave some advice to me.
He said, ``I just hope you can open your eyes to the possibility of meeting new friends.``
Today, we had a trip with my father's friends.
My major is English language and literature, so I like English language and literature,
I began to write in English daily.
Because I want to be good at English.
My teachers and my classmates never called me by my name and they always used to call me '' hergiin ezen 'which means troublemaker.
I was called a troublemaker because I was a boy who always used to get in trouble and got my classmates into trouble.
The journalist published a newspaper about the celebration of my school's 55th anniversary.
On the top side of the newspaper, there was an interveiw of our school director, but below his picture there was a picture of me peeing into the corner of teh school building.
she was a young American woman.
I asked the person that the scary mails,,,, she said to me ``you dont need to be worried about it, and you should believe in yourself.``
Lang-8 has deeper communication, too.
Sometimes even companies have a kind of sport's day in October.
Do you have a such kind of day in your country?
Recently, I have taken box lunch with me to my work place.
We ordered lunch specials.
After I got inside the store, I wound up buying things I would never thought about buying before.
Unfortunately, my puppy hurt his left leg yesterday when he was trying to jump across a bush.
But it is important to talk to each other, well thinking.
baby are you down down down..
so0o leave it behind cause we have a night to get away...
so0o leave it behind cause we have a night to get away..
Koreans have a lot of fun cheering in the streets but today's match is too late.
the frist video and this second video are a little bit different...
If people ask you do you know how to cook Pad Thai,
Now, I spoke to an American who lives in New York by chat.
I would like to help someone's dream to come true.
It's a fantasy and dreamlike.
BLESS JAPAN
I hope the Japanese soon have peace. God bless you!
I think music is a beautiful performance, it's something essential, like a type of language.
* I would be grateful if you could tell me how you express this because I really want to learn how to converse naturally.
It's so fun to play here.
She said that it is a good site to study languages.
But I am required to write a daily entry.
But, I'd like to be a programmer.
The day before yesterday was Midsummer Day of the Ox.
I went shopping with my daughter.
People talked to my daughter because she was wearing a princess dress.
These groups cannot inherit if the prior rank inherits.
Oh ~ God, he changes his mind like a girl changes clothes.
Even if I achieve that purpose, I will not be able to speak English, because paper tests evaluate only my reading and listening skill.
Studying paper tests don't help me speak English and learn English expression.
Studying language steadily is very hard.
I just looked up ``progress`` in an English-to-English dictionary called the Longman Dictonary.
I think it happened because I changed my diary's title style.
Winter is ending, and Spring is coming.
It makes me feel more powerful and it's fun.
If you have better idea, please talk to me.
My skin had a blotch, and it was abscessed.
So they had to cut it open, and mundify it.
I appreciated all of our members singing.
But since I've returned to Japan, I have been drowning among huge amounts of information spoken or written in Japanese, and I recognize my brain is going to melt....
So, I decided to take action immediately!
I will be very happy if I find lots of friend here to communicate with and get achievement for my dull brain.
Speaking of the airport, I found out about a new ``ticketless system`` this time.
The media says that the public has the right to know about the private actions of famous people but the media does not have the right to ruin their family's lives.
I often eat out, such as at McDonald `s.
Now I'm watching a TV program about the Hubble Space Telescope.
Mein Vater ist Beamter.
My weakness is my impatient character.
I like to travel around the country to eat at famous restaurants.
Certainly, the dove is an emblem of peace.
The explanation about the exchange rate in cargo Insurance
In case you fill in foreign currency in the application sheet and require the payout of Japanese Yen, the exchange rate to the payout is the rate agreed at the time of payout.
Please be advised ahead of time that due to exchange rate fluctuations, the exchange rate at the payout may turn out to be less than the rate at the time of application.
Actually, writing this diary is the first time after graduating elementary school.
2 Whisper of a thrill, there is no sense living your life without it.
5 Okay, stay open.
Therefore I will have to take a bath alone in the near future.
Yesterday, it was a little bit cold.
Today, I went to primary school for one teacher (physical education teacher?
In a podcast program about how to wisely choose lite and free apps, I heard something weird:
My topic of research is ``spider silk``
The research is difficult, but I want to study more about this silk!!
especially, I look forword to eat Temmusu that includes a fried shrimp into riceball:P
Konstantin could not slept with her and came to me lol.
Therefore we (the employees) have to work late everyday.
So after Koizumi retired, the succeeding prime ministers (Abe, Fukuda, Aso) suffered from the poor legitimacy of Koizumi.
Later today, I'm going to treat my classmate to dinner.
Yutori education system failed
I suppose this is what the journal's writer wants to achieve.
I used to use a dictionary for writing sentences in English.
I didn't want to make mistakes and I don't know a lot of vocabulary.
I usually check my sentences with a/ my dictionary.
When I cook a new dish, I follow the recipe for it.
but next time I couldn't make that dish again without the recipe.
It's been a quite long time since I had a great time on Christmas day.
When I woke up in the morning, I felt that I wasn't in good condition.
My body's temperature rose up to 40 degrees and I kept coughing and sniffling badly the whole day.
It's unbelievable to be in good health condition after I missed Christmas day.
Even though I have no religion, I'll have to appreciate to God whenever Christmas is coming.
But my American teacher said ``No more freedom in America now``.
So many people in China throw away garbage anywhere and there are no rules of politeness and I just thought China is a free country.
Actually Japan is one of world's most polite countries, but there are so many unwritten rules that we have to keep, so I just don't feel that Japan is a free country.
Because it brings me pleasure to speak English with foreigners.
They want to talk with Japanese people because they're living in my country if they speak Japanese very well they want to live in Japan for a long time.
At noon a keyboard at Ningguo Jiangnan hotel had a problem.
Firstly, I would like to say ``Happy Chinese New Year`` to my friends in lang-8.
My mum gave me some money but I need more.
Active: I played volleyball today
Passive: Volleyball was played by me today
Active: I wash my dish before I come here.
I've promised that I would go out with my friends today.
On Sunday my flatmate and I cleaned the kitchen.
In addition, successful sportspeople/ athletes also make your country become better known all over the world.
During that time, I thought the sky might darken to some degree, but it had not changed at all thanks to the clouds.
On the information page, a movie about Apollo 11 landing on the moon was broadcast.
I just watched the movie, ``Apollo 13,`` two days ago, though I didn't know July 20 was the day mankind first stepped on the moon.
I felt that the business class is another world.
This means, it has a different quality, different sentences, vocabulary, students 'attitude and class method.
What an influential person he is!
My kids and husband saw Doraemon the movie.
Sadness, loneliness, there are a lot of feelings there and that I can't sum up in one word.
So my doctor examines me very carefully and researches this illness enough before my consultation (appointment?).
Beginning of May!!
I'm studing economics in university, and my seminar focuses on international trade and developing economics.
Today's topic was on Chinese inequality, then we debated about education, social security, and occupation.
The reason is that there is a correlation between inequality and education, so improving education in rural area will help reduce inequality.
looks like a japanese comic character ``Black jack``
Korea is a very good place.
but people have their own character.
I don't know why I couldn't open the website, but fortunately I can open it now.
I am in the middle of the mid-term exam, and I feel like I did terrible on the first subject: Grammar. It is one of my weaknesses in English, but I really like my grammar teacher, she is very talkative and likes to gossip.
I have to prepare for the debate.
I was so surprised becouse so many Koreans stay there, even Toronto.
I read an article about Japanese school uniforms.
AL Chinese Language and Culture
I really appreciate AL Chinese Language and Culture because it is one of the tests to check our whole life skills in reading, listening, speaking and writing which we always use when we are a university student.
But I am very much disappointed with AL Chinese Langage and Culture in its culture test, testing our 'Chinese culture knowledge' and 'Chinese culture judgement', which I find most hateful.
Carefully, there is a difference between 'Chinese culture knowledge' and 'Chinese culture judgement'.
Testing your 'Chinese culture knowledge' is based on what the famous Sophists say.
But testing your 'Chinese culture judgement' tests your judgement on using your 'Chinese culture knowledge'.
This is my first point why I am disappointed with AL Chinese Language and Culture.
Why do I need to use 'Chinese culture knowledge' to comment on certain kinds of events?
hate Chinese Culture because I have realized that some of the Sophists 'theories are too' ideal '.
Although my teacher said the answers are correct in the right direction, no matter what you think, the answers are still always wrong in two ways.
And two your answers go against what your teacher's thinking about.
This is the second reason why I am disappointed in AL Chinese Language and Culture because you need to think what most of the people are thinking.
I found Lang-8 by accident, I still don't know how I was able to get into this website. But it is wonderful, because I found a new way and new place to improve my English and German.
The people on Lang-8 are really warmhearted, I want to make friends with every one who loves and enjoy life.
Because he knew that I have been studying English, he thought it was a good opportunity for me to speak English.
It was too difficult to communicate with foreigners, but I enjoyed that time.
* North America: US, Canada
Luckily, I was able to arrive home without getting wet.
Technology and Environment
Specificially, instead of wasting our resources, a simple life/ lifestyle can help conserve non-renewable resources such as metals, minerals, petroleum, and fossil fuels.
It may be tempting to argue that people who make their lives too easy for themselves may also implicate potentially harmful drawbacks.
However, the benefits reaped by technology far outweigh its disadvantages.
I am going to Thailand soon...
My favorite is Thai food...
In fact, this gentleman was also a business man and he had just finished some business negotiations and then took the train to Shanghai.
Maybe when I go to university tomorrow morning it will be wet and there will be a lot of puddles.
And in the afternoon it will be raining again.
I wanna talk about the habits of my company today.
Unfortunately, the meetings always take more than an hour.
What is worse, even though we have morning meetings for more than an hour everyday, we have to give him reports, about what we did that day, before going home.
Some of my colleagues have gotten sick of those habits.
As a matter of fact, I like to listen to him at the meeting.
I get a lot of business tips from him.
The most important thing about English is to grasp the common vocabulary and the pronunciation of each word, which I am sticking to either.
Thank you for reading my English.
I'm a business man in Japan.
Someone could help me how to use this site please? thankyou
I hope to make more friends who like studying foreign language.
I can't write or speak in English very well.
Please look at my sentences and correct them.
First Message
I'm trying to study using this site in English.
During a party this evening, I got stressed out because of the infinite reliability on my English capability from my boss.
I've been studying English for two months.
I wish I could speak English.
you can study any language you want.
I am going to see an animated movie tomorrow.
My daughter& I had the flu (type B) for two weeks.
Learning a language may be a good tool to make friends.
I am a little bit desperate because I need a epiphany or something else. My English skill is poor.
Today I spoke to a friend in Australia
I want to visit the school to pay my respects to my teachers but I couldn't,
It is my first time to write a diary in English.
I think I am poor at English grammar.
All in all I think I become a more complicated person when I speak English.
I decided to try it again next year. I have to go to the library again and stay there for 8 hours everyday.
I erased him on facebook.
I like eating and siteseeing.
And surprisingly, I noticed that today--August 13th, is International left-handers Day.
In my opinion, using whichever hand won't determine who a person is. Just let every unreasonable injustice disappear on the earth.
In my college in the Department of Communications, we have to do an exhibition in our last year in/ of university.
I feel reliveved
I'm not even sure what elderly people are nor what it means to get older.
Especially gimchi is a very good food for our health.
really, I haven't been studying it. So I hope you can help me.
Japan is very cold these days.
I don't want to spend a time shopping for something I don't want.
If there were no laws, we would kill each other and the weak would be victims of the strong.
If it is excessively or only violent, people cannot have fun with it.
Therefore, all violent scenes are not always bad influences on people.
Humans are different from animals.
That time, I forgot to turn off the gas with miso soup cooking and what was worse, I went to bed!
It is very unpopularto help others.
We don't understand how we can care about people who will not return the kindness.
The most delicious way to eat vanilla ice cream is to pour a little balsamic vinegar on it.
After playing badminton, I went back around by bicycle for exercise.
Golden week was finshed. I will go back to work tomorrow.
I'm so disappointed with foreigners who are so rude even though they really don't have any idea about Korean history.
I really wanted to go abroad before,
The boring day
I am chased by a lot of problems now.
As she is very friendly, she approached the other dog today, as usual.
``GD`` stands for ``Getting Divorced``
Truthfully, my parents are getting divorced as they always argue about something, even in front of me.
So, this incident reassures me that I should get out my own country, Japan, since there is no place I can return to after I graduate from my college, but the real reason why I wanna leave Japan has something to do with my big dream.
There, I have to give a speech.
If there are people who need seats, for example, an elderly person or a pregnant person, we should give our seats to them.
Golden Week started yesterday in Japan!!
But I couldn't have a paid vacation on 2 May because I was asked to perform some task on that day by my boss.
I wanted to go on a trip abroad during GW, but my wish wasn't realized because of the above reason.
Their music is so emotional, but it contains lots of electronic sound and it's so fashionable and pop!
I will wash our colthes and make dinner with my daughter.
Today, I went to Japanese Grammar seminar.
Of course, I'm Japanese.
These days, many foreigners go back to their countries.
trying to university, I enrolled at a university to decrease the chance of studying English completely.
I had a high fever, so I did not feel like any writing diary entries (now I feel better), so I'll start writing something again.
Because the academic atmosphere is not good and the basic laboratory equipment is insufficient and out of date, it is hard to achieve much progress and make discoveries in a short time.
I started working for a liquor company 11 years ago.
The first month of company life we studied in a factory and a sales branch.
Then he quit our company and entered Waseda business school.
Now he has graduated and started working for another liquor company.
2 other friends live in Tokyo after being/ working in other areas now.
I'm looking forward to seeing them.
they mentioned a brand name that I had never heard of
This was a funny experience I had in the supermarket.
Some people might tell me
I'm just lonely..
Although I am a little nervous, I will do this job as best as I can.
First, I will welcome them in the entrance and lead them to a elevator.
``Nice to meet you, Welcome to our company``, ``Let me introduce myself``,
Now I am working in the bakery and learning how to bake bread.
I'm working at a flower shop, and that is very hard.
I'd appreciate your corrections, but I probably won't rewrite this until I am able to write it correctly by myself.
When I learn more kanjis and feel more comfortable, I will begin to post in Japanese here.
Beforehand, I'm grateful for your corrections.
Nice to meet you.
They are supposed to cast their own benefits and prejudices aside.
To make matters worse, the wind blew very strongly and broke my umbrella!!
I know I love her; I know she doesn't love me.
He doesn't know.
From my perspective, this game's fantastic point is, using very realistic human avatars for acrobatic movement.
I feel that, the central focus of Mirrors Edge realistic body exsit in the ``body image``.
Mirror's Edge ``realistic body`` does not depend only on the graphical detail.
Avatar's breath and the crashing sound is very real.
If the avatar runs for a long time, the avatar start to become breathless.
Secondary avatars (NPC?) action is not realistic, but the action variation is based on generall human action.
Most of avatar's actions are possible for general human.
[* Self Modify] Probably, these ``realistic`` functions do not equal a high-resolution graphics efficient.
Because my friend has his own car.
His driving is soooooooo CRAZY.
I have been eating so much that my waist is bigger and my stomach is sticking out.
I don't know why.: S
Some people maintain that attending art classes may broaden kids 'horizon and enrich their knowledge.
He was mooned-face and there was brightness and lightcoming from his face like a sun.
She interpreted the words as a promise he made.
Today I wandered around town and tried to take artistic pictures, but my pictures were mundane because not only do I have no clue about photography, I am also not good with artistic things.
To be honest, I'm still slightly confused on how to use Tumblr, but hopefully I will become good at photography and upload fantastic pictures!
I have studied painting for a month. I think it is difficult for me, the colour is most difficult in painting. These days, I think I make little progress in it. What a pity!
It is a big island located in the northern part of Japan. (I don't know whether the expression of island is correct.)
As a third-year student, I will be job-hunting after a year and I am improving my English level at the present.
Kyoto has some foriegners who comes to sightsee in Kyoto city.
There are bus terminals to some famous spots in Kyoto.
I would like to help some foreigners who are lost in Kyoto station.
Blinds are the opposite.
I'm staying in Australia to study English.
I'm Japanese so I can teach you Japanese.
I drove my car in a main street when I found that it was hard to move and it was raining at that time.
The heavy traffic blocked the street and thirty minutes later, I left to look what had happenned.
More than a hundred cars were blocked up at the crossing, the street was in chaos.
and improper grammar.
Other than the internet I learn from aplications such as ``Windows``:)))) I need a lot of help because I find English a difficult language to learn.
That's because I had to get my bank card reissued; yesterday's accident was not my fault.
I can't trust or believe anybody anymore.
Hey wait, so my landlord tried to use my bank card?
Even if some hackers have great skills, is it possible to learnaPIN number without touching my wallet or bank card?
From now on, I can focus on my study and job hunting.
Influenza is awful for
Be carefull of influenza everyone!
Kano and I went to Tokyo Disneyland the day before yesterday.
Because it takes about 30 minutes from my house.
Nihongo no tanjoubi no uta wo shirimasen.
This shop sells various goods. For example: bowls, dishes, cutlery, bags, and plants.
In the past architecture was built big, new, and public. Today it has become small, re-built, and private or commercial.
Although they are only primary school students, I found it difficult to handle them.
There is still room for improvement of my training skills.
Wow, it was so hot in school! There was no air conditioner in our dorm, so it was a great challenge for me to spend the whole night.
Since I've registered on this site, I've always been writing in Japanese.
I love learning Japanese but I think I should make better use of this site to improve my English writting ability as well.
All of my family became members of Lang-8!
It's a fun to write a diary in foreign languages, although it would be a little bit hard to keep it up.
Sometimes I think they don't care about the grammar, but I am kind of worried that they don't understand me.
On Monday, I failed in the rehearsal. I think it's going to be a big challege to successfully play the role.
I'm not good at touching other people deeply, and I don't like touching the bodies of other people.
(I thought so at a nursing home where my grandmother stays, and while I was caring for my grandmother.
but of course I care for my grandmother.) I can't do anything for other people.
I heard it is a little famous in the world.
This comic has such a heartfelt story!
I have an exam.
Secondly, I will work out very hard because I believe I have HIVD (herniated intervertebral disc) and scoliosis.
I need to do stretching and take care of my health.
I don't want to fail to fulfil my resolution.
My mother and I went out for a long walk.
Even though it was so cold that we were almost freezing, I felt really cool and refreshed.
Exercise makes people cheerful.
I am now planing to join a member of*** as a trainees,
If I become a member before Jan.
Would you mind telling me about making it in time, if I apply for a membership in a couple of days?
I also know that some of them have been became shorter which is good, therefore ``Heroes`` season 4 was denied to that only having around15 episodes..
Ohayou Gozaimasu
-Philippine wa mou shichiji desu.
Nothing bad or lucky happened.
hmmm... what should I do?
I'm studying about welfare. My hobby is reading books and looking at the blue sky.
Of course, I like watching TV too.
But, now I have so many tasks about my studying, so my days are so busy, which is a strange feeling.
To make matters worse, because the disaster-stricken area is very wide due to the huge Tsunami washing away everything like main roads and docks. Also the uncontrollable Fukushima nuclear plant, severe shortage of gas, and the situation of shelters and hospitals in the disaster-stricken area are very serious.
It was written about her.
He flew to the sea and He was drowned.
I don't feel comfortable.
I have a simple question today.
I'm hungry!
I know that many young woman have had breast cancer recently.
I think this is because of bedbugs.
Although I wash my bed cover and bed sheet regularly, so why?
So should I change the mattress?
For example, we played Street Fighter II which was made for PS2.
B) installed the software onto the desktop of A's computer, it seemed A was disappointed by B because the desktop was filled up with many folders.
A was angry until I removed it!!
Nobody will notice that I ate one apple or I ate many apple.
I learned 'Gostop' which is a kind of Korean card game from my friend.
There were lots of rules and they were very hard to remember.
Each card has a different score and it's very flexible? as well.
It was quite a strange time moment as it was my first time to play Gostop
I want my English to be as good as my Chinese, which means whenever I see English words I can spontaneously catch the meaning of it.
My friend got a score of 850 on the TOEIC the first time, and 905 the second time.
'One' is pronounced as 'yi' in Chinese, and it is similar to the pronunciation of 'two' in Korean.
This space seems like a place to write a daily diary.
Perhaps we need to go back to the basics of this problem and assess the possible causes.
Furthermore, providing owns <--? criminals only addresses part of this problem. So far there has been lift <--little? success in the war against sex crimes.
I thought, I should write something in the, ``About me`` section.
Perhaps I should do some grammar exercises for this topic.
I thought ``to get caught`` is useful in a conversation.
It has been 10 years since I first learned this language.
But, I found that Japanese is much more difficult than English to learn.
temperature on the increase
since the temperature has been increasing very slowly and sometime even falling again.
3rd picture: At Ginkakuji (Ginkaku temple)
I listened to some music.
My baby pressed the power button repeatedly.
Today, I tried to correct a diary which was written in Japanese
I felt it was difficult to get up punctually and actually it was so.*
Oh yeah, I'm afraid that after I write a few diary entries that I won't visit this website again,
and accidents often happen, so I always pay attention in order to avoid them.
I saw a boy cross the road.
A man came and examined the boy.
Many people surrounded the accident looked puzzled.
About my work, there's so much works I have to finish within this month. I'm afraid I can't finish the mission that my manager/ boss gave to me on time.
Yesterday was a sunny day.
All of a sudden, it started raining hard.
Personally, I think these girls are ridiculous and their attitude towards life is too childish, it is so stupid to copy someone's style! So, returning to England, I can say it is a nice country with excellent traditions.
In Japan, many flowers start blooming in March,
Spinach Salad.
There were two Myanmars and one Italian in our group.
So I have my moments where I'm too careful about my words.
Yet, I feel an invisible barrier which prevents me from posting my compositions.
I was surprised. I thought to myself, in this town, how could one possibly gather 8 uninteresting people? (Except for me, of course)
But every time, I ended up disappointed like today.
I had an appointment at 9: 00 in the morning.
And I need to use the money in the right way.
He is the most enthusiastic and energetic person I have ever seen.
But once I tried to speak, my tongue was twisted!
Fact: I went to a university and measured my maximal oxygen uptake during running.
They are second-hand Timberland tracking shoes costing 15000 shillings.
Also, many people say that the adoption should only be allowed to heterosexual couples because children could be confused in a gay marriage.
Many people think that they are one of the favorites to win the World Cup.
Some weeks ago, Japan lost to Korea.
Why do young American people say 'I love very very very crazy about him' in real English.
And I also want to tell my other friends if you feel bad about your body, go to hospital immediately, don `t wait.
We will talk about many things today and have delicious food.
Too difficult.
Being honest Should be our obligation in whatever we do.
But the reality is not allowed us to choose right decesion.
There are so many things in the (world).
,,,,,,,,,,,,, maybe.
He tugged the rope and pulled the bucket free, leaving a hole-a hole in the water!
The young couple married with fairy's consent and lived happily ever after.
How glorious it would be.
I ate a hamburger.
I immediately decided on what I should eat.
There was a picture of a delicious hamburger on the menu.
I ordered a hamburger and it came at once.
I would not feel better if I had been eating a hamburger for a long time
I was excited and full of confidence.
I wasn't until I found my driver that I realized I had left my backpack at the security checkpoint.
The next day, my cousin met up with her classmate at the World EXPO park.
I had to get up early to helped her prepare.
Although, I have to take two pictures of myself, I haven't prepared yet:(
When I was 14 (approximately), I watched one of my first serials in English. It was ``Charmed``, an American serial with 3 witches.
So Embarrassing
The class teacher wanted us to have a discussion with a classmate.
That's so embarrassing.
First, when I wanted to buy some street food or drink I always used the index and middle finger to show I needed two meals or two cups.
But they would show a thumb for one and the index finger together for two.
They were allowed to smoke in restaurants.
I talked on Skype with my friend who lives in Tokyo now.
Although I wrote a related article before, I still think this topic is hard
Analysis: SWOT for Yes (For SWOT)
Analyis: SWOT for No (Against SWOT)
3) O: Everything still remains the same
And I didn't know that a Tsunami has so much power.
Why were the Tsunami's waves so much higher than expected? (predicted)
The winner can go to a Korean University for free.
In the afternoon I went to the place where I was supposed to learn to drive, but the driving instructor wasn't there.
For privacy, my brother is teaching me to drive at night, and we paid
Trying to learn to drive a car is so difficult, because it is about keeping safe in traffic.
We can't learn English conversation from either a professional
future.
I hope all of you have wonderful days in 2009.
Christianity in the US actually supports the Republican party in various ways; the party which love guns and wars rather than helping needy people.
I'm going to find a friend so that we can help each other learn languages.
Sometimes we get free tickets and go watch the other shows which are being performedin Las Vegas.
He is great as well.
Recently, many unlucky things have been happening to me.
rotation this year, mailed me and asked me to report next week.
I went to a flea market with my friend yesterday.
Silvano was so patient with me.
For example, I read articles on the internet or in a newspaper, listening conversation in a website for English learners.
I help you improve your Korean
Furthermore, now I am interested in Japanese.
I will try to write in Japanese in one day.
Though I expected Miami would win, Dalas won.
So we feel very uncomfortable.
We are college students.
There is no need to warn us to be careful.
So you can imagine how limited we felt when we had the teacher following.
It's very good news.
I hope they will be rescued quickly and will stay alive.
Actually I stayed with them for about only one month but I am happy being their friend:)
What a CRAZY bicycle!!
. Noisy politician's public speaking 2
As you know I don't like politician's public speaking, but there is one politician that I want to hearn and that person is Junichiro Koizumi.
Now Tarou Asou is president who is known to give a fun speech.
Well, I've just now registered to this site, and due to the excitement, I've decided to skip the next lesson, which is PE ^ ^
Today is the ``Setubun`` ceremony.
It is the ``Setubun`` ceremony in Japan.
I wished for my family's good health. ``Setubun`` means ``the day before the beginning of spring`` in Japanese.
I finished my lunch
I felt depressed because of the weather.
I did not exercise because of the rain.
I've just finished language school and started college.
I often talk with my friends from Europe on Skype, but I always forget English words and I cannot explain how I feel well:(It's very frustrating and I've been wondering if my English is getting better!
We had a conversation for about 15 minutes. She can speak Engish very well. Her English is probablyalmost perfect.
not again, oh my goodness! I've only met a fewJapanese people who can speak a certain degree of English or Mandarin, but on the other hand there are lots more Chinese bilinguals in Sydney.
At the end of the lesson, my tutor encouraged me by saying ``You can do it, you already have good English skills. After you go to Singapore, you will probably have many English questions, but you can ask me anytime through the Internet.`` I'm really grateful to him.
I want go, so I have to improve my English skills immediately.
But it seems to measure speaking skill, listening skill, writing skill, and reading skill.
The tutors are students of Phillipine University.
Just keep studying. It's the only way to make my English good.
I was surprised that lots of foreign people were visiting there.
I have to start working tommorrow! ^_ ^;
I didn't know why, but I had a sexually transmitted disease and everyone invited me to hang out.
They are related to death like euthanasia, patient's right to know about their terminal illness, cloning etc.
It's a very controversial issue even for native English speakers and actually it doesn't have any answer.
Like Tsunamis, earthquakes, typhoons or meteorites?
It will be a central-exam of Japan tomorrow.
Today the movie ``Summer Wars`` was shown on TV in Japan.
It's too troublesome!
My sister and I made cookies yesterday morning.
I made up my mind to listen to English songs and watch English movies.
Susan falls in love with him.
News that an intruder had breached the security of Wisteria Lane spreads like wildfire.
I borrowed it from a friend who likes comics
In Germany, a genius Japanese doctor Tenma had saved a boy's life by operation.
Unfortunately, Johan was agenius who can think of killing without anysiginificance to human life.
Tenma learned about the facts, he felt that hewas responsible because hesaved Johan's life when Johan was achild.
MONSTER is one of thepopuler comics in Japan.
I even thought anything would do as long as it was a kind of living thing.
Recently, I've been very very busy.
So I want to see a lot of my favorite movies and spend time relaxing!!
to succeed in the event....
I went to Career Prospects in International Business last week.
Omgsh, this morning was awful!
I was so hungry that I could hardly see!
I had taken my antibiotics but I was in such a hurry that I forgot to eat something, I thought I would buy something once I arrived.
In geography there was the rivalry between China and Japan, or the French economy.
I chose Asian decolonisation and the rivalry between Japan and China.
I thought, did I really go through this much trouble?
Last day, it was raining day,
Within such a short span, I visited Washington D.
Know Now I can understand the teacher in the Foundation, becauseBrendan helped me a lot in listening.
After I had to go back to my University and wait 1 hour (until OR for) my next
How can I translate this?
But my vocabulary is too poor to translate the meanings of this.
In that class, I learned about a strange concept: that perception is not the re-creation of reality but the constructing of an image.
Furthermore, the illusion of sight is the result of the brain's activity.
The professor said that the brain copes with information from the outside through sensory organs, and makes the image, which is easier for us to understand.
Therefore the image I'm seeing is not the real object but the image constructed by myself.
The poor gamer's busy days.
I saw my younger sister reading Harry Potter this morning.
I read that novel a long time ago.
It was very magic and ridiculous.
Before semester, I joined the magic club in my university.
I often listen to the album ``In My Own Words`` by Ne-Yo.
I am lonely. (I feel lonely)
Because of work, I have been working over 12 hours a day for maybe 2 weeks. It's really very exhausting!!
The weather was a little bit hot, but I could complete the play.
My score was 91 (45. 46).
However, my listening and speaking are still the same, and I tried to improve it by listening to music with lyrics and watching movies with English subtitles, and I have a lot of friends from different countries, and I speak with them a lot, but I still have some problems with explaining what is in my mind.
I'm the engineer in the manufacturing department.
My favorite musician is Kobukuro, a famous Japanese band.
What's up?
Besides after school lessons, most schools let students play there until around 6 P.
These boys kept threatening us.
Bastard: ``Hey I am asking you, don't ignore me, do you have money?
Bastard: Huh?
Bastard:...
When I prepared to fire it, the wind was so strong that I could not do it with a lighter.
When I was reading Newsweek magazine, I came across the following sentence.
Of course I did work on learning English in other ways.
Now, English is very important to me because I need a job and money.
If I dont learn to speak English, I won't find the job.
Fireworks are to be held tonight in my town
In Japan, on the 29th of April it was a public holiday.
That was the Emperor's Birthday Showa.
One cup of yogurt, two cups of milk and one tea spoon of honey.
I lost it last Thursday in Tokyo on my business trip.
Many researchers argue that due to the genetic similarity between humans and animals, experiments can help us discover the cure to fatal viruses and diseases.
So I went to the school for the first time by bicycle.
I'm interested in foreign countries and their cultures.
I don't use English in my ordinary life,
You know Russia is big.
Next, the phone was taken by another classmate, he told me that he really thinks that I should talk to the teacher to see if there's anything I could do to fix it.
Because I didn't do the project well, and my final presentation was not okay.
Ohhh, what a relief!
So, I hope I really can help her and take care of her.
Firstly, I want to meet with my friends from high school.
Secondly, I have to write many letters called ``Nengajo``.
I have not written any Nengajo yet.
There are more than 100 letters that I have to write.
An electronic dictionary is a tool for learning English.
It is just a machine that is use for translation, and sometimes it is not a precise machine. (It was my homework, please figure out the mistakes in my composition.)
It's really interesting and
I'm having a Cherry blossom viewing party on April 5.
But we haven't decided a place.
I've been studying english for something about four years, but still having difficulties with the language.
I started studying english because of my parents.
In a first moment I really hated the idea, English was terrible to me.
just another thing: I started German classes today and I'm really loving it!
However, I will try my best to write more essays here:)
Unfortunately I lost my wallet and I looked for it for half an hour.
It was really exciting and interesting.
I went to a desert island and ate a lot of crab and shrimp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Whoa!!!
I will write daily as much as possible.
Please help me study.
He was totally exhausted so he was sleeping when I called.
Pleeeease be My Friend and teach me English.
However, people often say to me ``You look like a half-breed!`` I think that's because of my brown eye color, but I'm a natural Japanese.
I need to wake up early tomorrow because of my friend's part-time job.
My wife took me to the ``Cirque Du Soleil Theatre Tokyo`` for my birthday present.
The theatre is near Tokyo Disney Land. It was built especially for the famous group, Cirque Du Soleil.
During holidays, I sometimes play analog games with my friends.
Tom Cruise acted very well.
I don `t speak English because it's very difficult. I think I speak very good English, but I don` t really-when I meet my friend, we only say `hello' and `hi'.
Today, I woke up at 8: 00 AM, drunk coffee, watched TV.
When I write a diary entry, I read vocabulary books.
Do you know Nagano? Do you know Nagano Olympics in 1998? Nagano is a famous place.
For example, Zenkouji! It is a very old shrine!
Would you search the Internet? It is a very big shrine!
In 1992, I went to Thailand to meet my family.
I am part Japanese, Thai and Chinese.
My older brother lives in Thailand.
Labor Festival is a big holiday in China.
At college I have a lot of time to study and play with my classmates, but we are not always together.
Today my math teacher told us about Furbies in the class.
He feels vexed so he forced it to eat (by touching its tongue) even it when it says ``I'm full!``.
recently, I have become interested in Korean drama.
But evetually I got throught it and we made delicious ``Japanese mugwort rice cake``.
In the middle east of Asia, they've had a truce between Israelis and Palestinians.
Hello!! (Hallo is German!:P)
Till now, I think that difference between 'see' and 'look' is whether it includes actor's purpose.
It's elegant and gorgeous, I'm practicing often:)
If you're sick or get wound accidentally, that means you have to spend valuable time during the day waiting inside of the hospital.
There are so many troubles in our life such as family, friends, love and so on.
I'm confident of my ability to work for myself.
I love music and watching movies.
What is the difference between them?
I know some of them pretty well, 'cuz they live my lab.)
``The professors have the title' Prof. ', we put Prof.
So I asked them to put the title ``Agent``.
(Wie soll ich die Umlaute schreiben?)
They were in the same situation as me of having a hard time communicating with Australians.
I finally could communicate with Australians because I got used to and gained confidence in my English.
I have enough money to go to Australia but I am a little afraid of the swine flu.
Swine flu has prevented me from to going Australia....
We enjoy trips during vacation.
What are your school assigments like?
How long are your essays?
I'm not as fascinated of it as she is (it would be difficult:P), but I enjoy beautiful paintings from romanticism and photorealism.
Please correct my English with the appropriate words.
My friend asked me to write a draft to ask the university in California like below.
I have not confirmed that my degree is eligible to enroll in your school and sit for the bar exam in California, however, Hiroshima University is one of top Japanese national universities.
As for writing essay skills, I'm planning to receive support from a local English school in Japan and I want to try to polish up my writing skill enough to pass the bar exam in California in the future.
I mean I prefer autonomous distance learning, is that an option through your school?
Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions, I realize that my English writing skills are poor
For our honeymoon we went to Turkey.
This was the first time I went to Turkey.
First, I went to Istanbul.
I thought so.
I was surprised and also shocked to hear that.
Like Brunei?, Singapore, Korea, and also Brazilians from Nagoya prefecture, (There are a lot of Brazilians in Nagoya.) and I was very happy because I could get to know them and became friends with them.
They are so charm.
The Brazilians are in high spirits and I were happy to be in each other's company.
I admit I had overslept one time... Just one time?
I'm always nervous when I have to speak in front of many people.
They're sitting there staring at me and then I forget what I have to say...
And thanks a lot for correcting it...
I'm going to live with a guy from Taiwan this month!
I can live with a guy from Taiwan!
So, football could be world wide sports compared to other sports.
I was so shocked because it was a total misunderstanding, so I explained it carefully, but she still didn't calm down.
My careless behaviour might have upset her, but I thought the focus of her anger was not the main subject we were dealing with.
However, this earthquake was too strong and brought a 10-meter-tall tsunami.
The earthquake was 8. 9 on the richter scale.
The biggest earthquake in Taiwan was just 7. 3 and it made us lose a lot.
It's hard to imagine what became when a 8. 9 earthquake and 10-meter-tall, 3km per second tsunami happened at the same time and the same place.
If it was in Taiwan or if I was a Japanese, where would I be or where would I be standing now?
It's rains sometimes, but the next day the whole world becomes so green.
It's windy today!
But sometimes it is a little hot and windless.
We chose classes by computer.
We needed to remember the class number to choose classes.
For a long time, I haven't logged into my account of Lang-8.
Two schoolboys began to play agame to warm their body's.
I took a trip to Tokyo Disney Resort with my boyfriend.
hello everyone, today is my first time to use this website.
I found this website to be very useful.
I'm 20 years old.
They speaks English fluently, but his boyfriend especially has a marvelous talent for languages.
like spending time in dormitory (sharing room with friends), playing seasonal sports and learning about other cultures at that time.
That's why I decided to write a diary or something on ``lang-8``.
Recently I've watched 'Star Trek-Voyager' to improve my listening skill.
But my English teacher recommended me to watch 'Star Trek-Voyager' because the actors and actress speak clearly.
I want to write entry on the trip to Malacca, but I don't have enogh time to write.
I will be glad if will you correct these sentences!
It seems like I'm writing monthly journals repeating ``Long time no see!``
The connection to the web browser is in VERY poor condition inside the dormitory where I am, so it's difficult to enjoy web surfing.
My old PC is broken, so my mom bought me a new one.
Doing volunteer work that helps some exchange students to study Korean, I realized that Korean grammar is too difficult to learn, which make me wonder how I learned Korean without any difficulty.
He came to the university to receive that costume from the store.
So here I'd like to study technical English and make new friends (from all over the world, but it seems to only be a dream).
He corrected it and taught me about the word ``appointment``.
We are going to buy some things for her and go to northern Thailand to congratulate her.
It has very wild& beautiful scenery, and the food is more delicious than anywhere else. In particular, the seafood is delicious.
I read in the news that sushi is a popular food around the world. I will take the chance to eat sushi when I go abroad.
Each of them got a prize at the photo convention for tram cars last fall.
Actually Roh-bai is not the same as Ume but very similar to Ume.
Japanese like Ume fully blooming on Februaly after the Roh-bai flower fell out.
However the answer was ``no`` so I opened the door, but middle aged woman in green shirt was sat down on the toilet.
I interviewed in Tokyo last Tuesday.
Anyway I don't have a lot of time to live in Korea.
Today, it is a beautiful day.
In Japan Saint Valentine's Day is the day for men to present chocolate to their lovers.
But we didn't have a Christmas party recently.
Have a nice Christmas Eve!
I started the Twitter.
It is an action movie about the conflict between Batman and the Joker.
Batman represents justice.
Christian Bale plays the role of Batman and Heath Ledger plays the role of the Joker.
I had been doing nothing but studying for my university entrance examinations for a whole year.
Then, this spring I thought in this spring ``I should work!
though I had been given a scholarship until I dropped out of the university that I had been at before.
Today, I thought that money is more precious than ever before!
Many of the people who gathered at the park were holding flowers to show their sympathy for those who died in the massacre.
The last three problems were really convoluted.
the following sentence...
Today my coworker told me about a Korean singer.
I also believe in Chinese fortune-telling as well as Tarot cards and blood types.
For me, I live a life with a contradiction of modern technology and the old-fashioned ancient knowledge.
I plan to go somewhere to see the cherry blossoms.
(But they aren't cancer)
I have had some changes lately.
First, my spoken English is very pool, so I think I should speak more with foreign teacher.
I should also look back the old knowledge.
For this exam, I must have a good grade, It matters my English Band Four.
I'm so lonely, because he supported me.
He said ``Let's cure the illness together.``
I'm so lonely.
So I hope some day we can meet again in heaven.
That year, The Sydney Morning Herald and the World Wide Fund for Nature conceived the idea which was observed/ celebrated in Sydney as well as in some other Australian cities, followed by other cities around the world.
Because I intend to change my rooms interior.
Recently, I am interest in Northern European kid's room interior.
Recently, I am interested to go to Korea, China, and Europe!
I've been to Korea, Singapore, NY and Australia.
This is my very first diary, I'm quite lazy, but I really want to improve my poor English so I'm thinking to write every day,,,, as much as possible, so please check them!
If I keep using my iPhone like that, I'll develop bad health.
But actually, my iPhone used me!
Please give me some good advice.
Drinking an alcohol beverage?
Riding a crazy ride at an amusement park?
What about taking a bath in hot bathtub?
You may pass out due to the crazy hot, spicy taste.
I've decided to travel around (in) Europe when I do my masters degree in the UK.
Among these, two of them are Safeco Field and Yankee Stadium in America.
My grandfather cut the rice plants in large quantities with a reaper (photo 1).
Apart from that, I can amuse myself because these days I have a bad mood.
I was really disappointed in myself and feel sorry for my parents coz I `d been studying very hard for the test and they invested lots of money in me, like hiring a private teacher and letting me go to cram school, but I still didn't do well...
its a kinda english test with 4 sections: speaking, writing, listening and reading for people is who are studying english as a second language.
I dont feel like studying anymore.
well the test score really discouraged me.
``Likely I will continue,`` another person said. ``Cigarettes are part of my life and I can't abandon them unless I die.``
In Japan, a lot of restaurants are starting to offer hot pot dish.
I found this website on the Internet.
Please correct my sentence if I make a mistake.
Some experts say that a lot of natural resouces have not been found yet and also it will give us the opportunity to start business!!
Holding your hands tightly, my heart would burst into fragments.
I have been working for 1 year and I have learned a lesson-I lack of courage, which is a disadvantage when I was doing work.
But many times my friends have told me: ``You don't look like the (conservative) kind of person!`` because I usually take it easy when I'm with them.
Life sucks without true love, and I must learn what should I do to find the zeal for my work.
It caused a thunami.
What do you think about this catastrophe?
In short, it is okay that we use 2000 kanjis.
I am reviewing the German culture
NYC is a very very exciting, amazing, beautiful city.
Coming soon!!!
A few hours ago, I read an article about Winston Churchill who is the most famous prime minister in Britain.
I want all the friends have a happy time in this lovely internationl social network.
Please be my friends.
My car has a sheet of ashes on it.
For example if you don't take Math or Biology you cant go to medcal school (I dont wanna be a doctor or surgeon so I want to drop it anyway ^_ ^). Well it's a difficult decision but I have plenty of time!
Because of this, I'm sing have less opportunity to study.
I want to recover my diligence without rejecting my friends 'invitations.
My favorite
Today, I will write about one of my favorite things.
Comiket, Comic market or KOMIKE in Japanese pronounce, is a kind of market place dealing withpopculture andit is theworld's biggest festival for amateur artists and manga-fans.
'Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!', she shouted suddenly and ran into living room, and she said that some black object fell.
It was so yummy.
After I have finished the class I will ask you to join and learn Thai with me there.
Why can foreign people speak Englsh?
I conceal my feelings and emotions unconsciously.
Also my wife and I have a bit of the cold so we are taking many vitamin C supplements.
We had having a special course menu as below,
Of course it was very delicious.
Although I didn't know exactly who he was.
Where I work, there are lots of real bilinguals who make me envious.
my English is very bad, I need to learn it, very fast, some ideas?
Do you know ``Fantasista``?
Furthermore, ecotourism, whose business takes advantage of the wilderness, may have harmful effects on it.
I love to exercise.
So I decided to do some exercises for my health during summer vacation.
The course for students is inexpensive.
For this reason, I decided to use this gym quickly.
My body will change in the summer when I keep training.
Thus, what I should do is to get used to the current life and rhythm.
It is so comfortable that I am not willing to wake up.
Many of my friends spend a lot of money going to a cram school for English.
But to be honest, it was totally funny and fun. haha.
I swear to read English everyday.
I swear to read English everyday, because my English is too poor.
It's embarrassed me and I noticed that it's time to improve my English...
By the way we went to animal hospital to vaccinate my ferrets.
I ordered a ticket to Arch Enemy's concert through the internet but I haven't gotten an email confirmation from the company.
Actually, I knew that already but I wanted to study etymology anyway.
Today, I had a three hour lecture on political science, and a three hour lecture on world history
A few days ago, I started to translate Machiavelli's ``The Prince`` from English to Japanese.
I feel as if I'm decoding a cipher when I translate. Well, I don't know if this comparison is right. ``What does this sentence mean?`` I repeatedly think and imagine the meaning.
It is very gothic and makes me think about ghosts.
I was taking some photos of the church itself, and of me next to this church, but this photo is the best one for me because it creates joyful emotions in my soul and heart.
Let's write about Joni Mitchell, one of my favorite musician.
The occasion of the first meeting to her music was in my boyfriend's CD rack those days ago.
A musician and a painter.
My mother took us to the station and I took the train.
It was lovely, wasn't it?;)
There were many stands there that sold vegetables. Past tense.
The street there was made of bricks.
I think I lack knowledge and reading books would help me create my own idea or anything.
I had finished reading ``Wuthering Heights`` yesterday.
Although it is a small and characterised by its long heritage, Yangzhou is flourishing and becoming more and more flourishing.
An industrial park has been built just beside/ next to the old town, where many new high tech companies are booming.
When people realize that they can develop careers in small cities, large cities like Beijing and Shanghai may be relieved of some burden.
I run every night to refresh my body and mind (?).
in order to refresh my body and mind.
Back then, I always ran before dinner.
I only have a database in my PC.
After that, I did my homework til 10 a. m. After doing my homework, I started cooking and had lunch with my roommate (s).
Yesterday, I had my wisdom tooth pulled out.
The exam on history of Russia was very difficult.
I expect a lot from my new life at university.
This is a photo of my class =))) Only girls as you see =D
We eat grilled beef, chicken and vegetables.
I have studied English for eight years and I usually talk with my friends in English.
So, if anyone would like to teach me proper phrases, I'd be most appreciative.
First off, I went to headquarters where I got heartwarming welcome from all the people on the staff, including the section director.
Maybe this is common sense but it always annoys me...
I saw three other cruise ships that were different to yeaterday.
Prime Minister
Members of Hatoyama's cabinet were introduced in today's newspaper.
He looks earnest and persevering.
The economic bubble burst suddenly, and that effect spread quickly all over the world.
From his official web site 'HIFUMIYO', he has traveled to many countries, and seems to have become a socialist.
He criticises capitalism incisively (particularly in America) on his site.
I have been studying English for about 5 years, but, it has not worked.
I'm trying to learn grammar, words, etc.
Everyone's help is welcome!
Because of the school garden party,
I teach undergraduates Architecture at my university.
I teach Descriptive Geometry, a kind of drawing.
I sometimes use some pieces of paper or solid models which I made for them, because it's hard to describe things somtime by only speaking.
I jogged only on the weekend, but I think it has a little effect in decreasing my weight.
It's been so long time sice I wrote something the last time.
Please correct my poor English sentences.
The daughter which will arrive first of all will arrive early next Tuesday morning.
I think I only enjoy being with them such as right now.
The Japanese landlady was going to England to celebrate Christmas and New Years day with her family members and husband's relatives.
Deschanelis one of my favorite actresses.
I've seen an acquaintance use this phrase before, but I wasn't able to understand the usage.
To enter that high school I should get a good grade on this midterm test which is next month.
I am looking forward to hearing their new sounds.
Despite embarrassment, the Russian people, who get by in foreign languages, pick them up with a great pleasure and are ready to help you find your destination.
At last, I finished writing about my last Seoul trip.
But she really likes English, and speaks almost exclusively in English.
Unfortunately my school field trip has been postponed.
That trip is sceduled to go on Aug.
So, It may be all different.
And, I encountered why I feel cute. (not meaning sexually)
I drank orange juice.
And it `s gonna take a few more minutes for us to really clear up our heads.
I should have eaten a balanced diet with plenty of vegetables and gotten some exercise, but it's too late now.
Hope that I will be admitted to the HKU.
I'll watch 'THE PRODUCERS' next.
Yesterday, I went to two museums: Quai Branly Museum and Paris City Museum of Modern Art.
This is my favorite movie
I recommend you go see it.
Now I'm faced with the prospect of studying alone abroad within 2 years, without hearing my familiar mother tongue, without my boyfriend or friends, and maybe becoming overweight and lonely.
She said that ``I can't walk a step, not to mention running, because my Ipod hasn't been charged``.
Meanwhile reading professional text books written in English is also in my schedule.
I think my ability to write English is worse than before because I didn't any write journals in English. Of course the same goes for German.
Ah, they were very strict with me growing up and, um, I used to have to sit at the piano for hours to practice.
Ah, when I was younger I, um, resented my mother for this discipline, but when I turned about eleven years old, I was very grateful to her.
I was probably better at piano than I am now.
You can see there are a few books but a lot of wood materials.
Not only human being but, also animals too.
but I know he has such kind of character.
As for me, I always use English-Japanese dictionary and translate to Japanese because it is the faster way to understanding what is the meaning of words.
Please judge this sentence.
It seems very crazy. When I play mahjong, I get a lot of money.
in other words, I make money.
The reason seems bad.
Could somebody think of adjectives which do not have superlative nor comparative forms?
One of my favorite English teachers wiilwill leave the school at the end of next month.
Hello, everyone!
We met my friends cousin and her friends in new york during weekends.
We were able to stay at her cousin's friend's hotel so we payed less than the usual cost.
when I see more things I often feel that I could control them.
What (Which food is famous during the winter in your country?)
Hello,
People please help me out here, sometimes I have some doubts about how to use the words (up and out) after verbs. For example: clean up, check out, coming up, carry out, etc.) I don't know how to explain but sometimes I can't understand the meaning of the words that come (up and out) after some verbs. Can you guys tell me?
Our hula impressed many seniors very much.
Above all, ``Heal the world`` by Michael Jackson was surprisingly asked for an encore!
I was always frightened when I heard this music.
FUJIYAMA is a roller coaster.
FUJIKYU HAILAND has lots of roller coasters.
I don't like roller coasters, but I went there with my friends.
It's called Ramen in Japan and is very popular.
Ramen has many flavors.
They are soy sauce, soybean paste, salt, and tonkothu.
I like tonkothu the best, because it's poplar in Fukuoka, where I use to live.
Tonkothu soup is made from the pork, and the taste is rich.
The last Japanese food I ate in Japan is tonkothu ramen at Nagoya airport.
My sore throat was cured, but I have a headache and a fever.
Are you familiar with riverdancing?
Riverdancing is an Irish tap dance.
My sore throat has not changed.
The hero in the story isn't the typical character in Korean dramas.
My hobby is watching American soap operas.
Watching American soap operas really help me to study English.
I'll watch 'Desperate Housewives season 3', next.
I'm traveling Mie now.
Trick or Treat
I want to know if this is a correct sentence or incorrect sentence.
But I am still waiting.
So, I want to go abroad to learn how to prepare foreign food.
Charo is an english learning program by NHK, a Japanese broadcasting campany.
The radio version is little bit longer and more difficult because it has more details.
The cartoon and book are good for me and my daughter.
When I get tired of studying English, I just listen to the story.
That's why I believe It is the best program.
Now I'm watching a football game, and I'm relaxing.
It was about the ages from highschool to university.
I basically agree with this thought.
I'm very busy everyday because I'm preparing for Koshosai.
Would you correct my grammar
Please contact me, and become a friend.
I wonder if I should update the firmware of the wireless router.
They were delicious and awesome!!
I have a long hair and blue light eyes. I'm tall 1. 63 cm maybe; my fisical is normal-thin... bhe I hope to learn something from your corrections...
Vanguard Princess
He is a MacGyver.
This week is the Buddhist Lent and get one day off on Monday.
I'm currently on maternity leave, since Sep 2009.
I love steaks so Australia is HEAVEN.
I know some of my friends work about 14 ~ 15 hour day.
I went to the 2010 Iwate Art Fest at the Iwate Prefectural Art Museum, with my friend.
I got the pen and a postcard at the museum shop.
I have many hippopotamus goods.
Mid-term exam day, family's birthdays, writing contests...
This year, my mom wants to get an electronic bible.
life consists of many trivial things, and those things built up life.
I bought it a few years ago.
But I had forgotten I had bought it!
Last night, I notice the card and I tried it.
The card was written in perfect message for me.
I wrote many New Year's cards to my friends and relatives today.
Here in Japan, New Year's cards are really popular. On the other hand, Christmas cards aren't as popular.
You know, it's the most famous American animation.
We Japanese speak English, I hear like Words of Space.
I'm so exhausted, I just finished teuk kong mu sool which is called martial arts?? (I don't know how spell it,,,)
I had highking on my neck by the guy who is 5 years younger than me,,,
I think that foreigners are open minded to everybody, so I can make friends easily.
Now I'm learning English and Polish at the university.
Unfortunately, you can't understand the [useful?] of the song if you don't speak french because the lyrics create the [variation?] (but listen to it anyway ^ ^).
Everything in the outside world was scary to me, and I could not move at all.
He is 9 years old now, and still believes in Santa Claus.
I must change to Santa Claus in secret at midnight.
Lately, my parents always complain about my learning schedule.
I feel jealous!
A screw is difficult to take off and took about an hour.
There weren't many bicycles.
A lot of big and high buildings were there.
The hotel we stayed was gorgeous.
Then put in the backpack and we climbed the mountain.
And in the train I came across a man and he asks me what train Jhon got on.
What I came up with is, ``(John got on) The train earlier than this by two trains.`` Does it make sense?
I received a telemarketing call today.
Nowadays, I receive them every day.
I haven't put my coat away in the drawer yet.
I'll sleep now.
January 14
ideal: What's the ideal educational style for American people? (for?)
basic: I thought I needed to study basic English grammar.
Finished!:D
Otsukaresama Everyone! XO (btw how do you say Otsukaresama in English?)
Unfortunately, this weekend was very warm, spring is coming early.
It consisted of two parts.
In the second round, Manny Pacquiao, the pride of the Philippines, K.
Yesterday, I read a documentary about the ``blood diamonds`` or ``conflict diamonds``
The diamonds which from the civil war country was called conflict diamonds, or blood diamonds.
But in 2003, diamonds company, civil society group and governments around the world began an effort to stop the trade in conflict diamonds.
The diamonds from the civil war country will not be sold in the international market.
Although there are many illegal diamonds traders, they bought the conflict diamonds.
Because it is the first time that I went on a trip with my boyfriend, I was so excited.
If you visit KOREA, I strongly recommend visiting geo-je-do (there are many fascinating spots).
I have to prepare for the class and I have new students whose names I should remember.
April or Spring is the time when I'm very busy worrying about a lot of things....
So, I would like to be find a language exchange partner
My own dream across the sea.
I and my friend went to nearby lake and we swam and walked in forest:) There are many trees:D and it's green and brown:) At this lake there is a beautiful beach.
We think we want to stabilize our salary.
I think companies have a responsibility to stabilize our salary.
I have to work until at 6: 00 and than I going to the English Academy from 7: 00 until 8: 00 and then I will go take care of my daughter at my mother in law's house.
That will help him/ her cultivate the ability to concentration.
I am not the kind of person who would want to be a professional housewife; however, I feel happy every time I make the house clean and tidy.
I felt very tired and stressed, but it was very interesting.
That's surprising isn't it?
'A person whose name is written in this notebook shall die.'
due to the movie ``Notting hill``
What is cultural? It is defined as the civilization and customs of a certain race or nation.
How can we avoid it?
It's easy to assume that there must be a scramble and I'm not used to doing things like that.
I love The Stiff Dylans 'version.
Reading practice
What a stupid introduction lol.
It is really difficult even for me as a native Japanese to get used to it.
to begin as a beginner
but I just waited 15 minutes.
Hi =))) I want to continue my favourite dorama list!
I was shocked so badly after I watched this dorama!
Ok, to be continued... =)
Yesterday, a T-shirt was enough.
Before I go to bed, I should prepare my quilt. If I don't, this evening I won't sleep well.
Today I receive 4 clothings that I bought form taobao.
He diagnosed him with a cold.
He is cranky, so I have to hold him all day.
I started learning the use of the Excel application on the first day of this month.
I spent 9 months in Manchester with my host-family so they've become like my real family!
Just went to the gym, and as usual I am working now.
Go straight along Peter Street and take the second turning on the right.
Then, turn right and go along the road until you get to Piccadilly Circus.
I had a lot of nightmares last night, because I watched the horror movie ``ghost ship`` before going to bed.
And I'm a beginner in Chinese.
Now I'm taking class called Children's Literature.
We are planning to repaper the walls, redo the floors, and change the cabinets in the kitchen.
It's named Bianchi.
Bianchi is an Italian maker.
What's the difference between them?
``Gheimeh`` is a kind of ``Khoresht``; ``Khoresht`` is a meal that consists of meat, vegetables, and beans or grains.
Because of this use, some people called ``Gheimeh`` a dead people's meal.
In the next stage peel and cut tomatoes and fry them; you can also cut some mushrooms and a green pepper into small pieces and add them to the frying potatoes, then add salt and red or black pepper to the mixture.
First of all, spring semester has come and I'm taking some classes,
However, my speaking and writing score wasn `t good.
My colleague's space was so impressive.
I ate Ayu, river fish in summer, tofu, white beans and sashimi.
This photo is of a place where I usually go fishing.
These laboratories contents have many subjects and they are hard.
I have just finished my SPM which is the exam that must be taken by the 17-year-old students.
After that, some of my friends are going to pursue their studies in colleges and universities.
There were lots of friends ^-^
When my room is tidy, I feel more energetic.
Today, I consulted the agency who are involved with students studying abroad.
The councillor said that it wouldn't be useful to study abroad for only 2 weeks.
I stay with an Italian family in Canada.
Reference book
I Bought shoes.
I've always wanted to buy shoes to wear for spring.
I bought songs by Ann Triskel at the iTunes store.
without a title
Can it be interesting?
But the temperature was terrible,
Because summer starts in a week.
When we arrived at the aquarium, we were very tired
We are not given any time for debate or questions.
So he is not popular with students.
A month has passed since the big earthquake has hit Japan.
All we can do is to keep donating money to them and spending money to buy goods from the regions suffering.
When someone ignores me, I'm hurt.
I think being hurt is not bad, it's sometimes necessary.
A hot day! The temperature is 35 degrees.
How I wish I can stay at home forever!
If I had enough money, I would buy many bags and clothes, but I don `t have enough money.
Because I must save a lot money to change my car.
I have stayed home almost every day since summer vacation began...
I'm an entrepreneur in Japan.
Some people use their real name and others do not.
After a short walk in this round market I went to a coffee bar to get a coffee.
For example, Naruto, Keroro Gunsou, Evangelion... and more.
I downloaded Merriam-Webster dictionary, English magazines, and an English word book.
Then, I came to the conclusion that I am experiencing difficulties because of the difference in cultural background.
Although it was the first time we had made one, it took us only thirty minutes.
2006 Completed Japanese instructor course 420 hours at Hiroshima YMCA
2008 Had experience as a Japanese instructor in Melbourne
When we borrow money for someone,_ we should determine to precise date of repayment.
``No smoking`` signs surroundour daily life as we walk in the streets, shopp in the malls, travel on buses, or watch movies in the cinema.
I'm so sorry for not being as active as the past weeks here, but I truly am busy because it's one week left to the Persian New Year (Nowruz).
People get really really busy from about two weeks before Nowruz to two weeks after it.
I went to the National History Museum on foot!
The police said, that they evacuated the houses of two old men.
In English class, we are reading an essay which is about the moon's mystery.
When it is near the horizon, it looks bigger than when it is overhead.
So, we get impression that the moon is big because its real size is bigger than expected size.
Because I am not satisfied with my circumstances or myself sometimes.
During the test we needed to read an article and answer some comprehension questions.
I think the context was too sophisticated for me; like ``message from the cultural elite: read, you morons, and eat your spinach while you're at it!`` My friend said I did not understand because I do not know the American culture and it's kind of a joke.
I am quite excited to have my own lang-8 username.***
Dalian is a beautiful city with lots of delicious food, pretty beaches and warmhearted people.
I got a used notebook computer to study the structure of the PC from my friend, but it's broken. It was heating gradually, and the operating system was shutting down repeatedly. I have little experience dismantling PCs, so I don't know what to do. I have to buy books to study.
However, I feel sad because I am going to leave my school that I have stayed during five years, and I miss the people and everything that has happened in this school.
I appreciate the memories and the wonderful favors in my life.
I think the second way is the most suitable for me.
Previously I worked as a full time employee for the same company as now.
It's much simpler than you think, inspector.
or is he serious?
One of my friends told me that they are just looking for japanese girl because they are pretty and easy to play with.
I'm sure that sometimes it's true.
An old film, ``Phantom of the Opera`` was played on the screen.
I wonder whether I can live in a foreign country or not.
Today, I begin to keep my diary in English.
but is it really?
According to the program, he still lives in the small town where he was born and lives like an ordinary local person, even though he is a billionaire.
As we know, there is no special machine we can use.
Last weekend/ a vegetable yard and my small pots of plants.
I'm going to Tokyo for a job hunt.
I am going to go NY next year for my private exhibition, so I have to learn English.
However, I've succeeded in reducing my weight by ten kilograms within half a year.
Actually, I am keen on wearing smart clothes and want to look cool but it is crucial (?) for that to have a good shape of my body.
I am goingshopping today. I can't wait.
Second time, I should use ``glad``.
Somehow, I am writing my dairy now, it may be a good day today. (?)
Because not only is it hot outside, but also it's cold inside.
And electric power needs to be too cool in rooms that make more CO2.
I can do this but can you? I would never lie to you but you don't believe me. Tell me what I should do. I miss the times when we were happy.
I have been looking for a new house these days.
I would like to try being an actress in Hollywood.
So the principal decided to suspend the first grade class.
I also work in an apparel company.
I found every sentence I wrote usually contains ``I``, can anybody suggest a better structure?
We would take a ride every Saturday.
The winter coats that I had dry-cleaned were needed again for today.
I cooked two salads.
They were so juicy and sweet.
The afternoon is very quiet, I can only hear the sound of typing keyboard.
but, don't call me neat.
I'm not neat.
I haven't been here for more than a month because I have no computer.
So, I am starting on a diet where I cook traditional Japanese food.
Today's menu was Udon and seawood salad.
I was amazed that so much Japanese food really doesn't need oil.
I think that this is because the earth is dying.
The issue of global warming is getting worse and worse.
The last day I logged in was......
They help me to live and to change my life.
I'm suffering from a backache.
My favorite is LINKIN PARK.
It's good season for autumn leaves ^ ^
Peco is extroverted and has a passion for table tennis.
Thier characteristics are very different, but neither has real talent.
I felt that I couldn't do that, so I remained standing.
We call them, ``Thunderstorms Guerrilla``.
First, I will turn off my lights frequently ^ ^
Recently, I've been getting very sleepy., What reason is this?
There might be some Japanese people who would come up with a Korean drama, but it's not that Full House.
The picture is from a scene where Michelle says ``Duh`` to Stephanie.
Maybe in this sentence, the man will be suspect, not the police... right?
Most Japanese People cannot speak English.
so I want to work for a software development company
But I think I can't take advantage of what I'm doing now
B: continue my studies and try to become a researcher.
I was a sexy pink cat with my friend. (we wore the same costume:))
I think the Japanese cherry ``Sato-Nishiki`` is the king of cherries.
My home town, Yamagata, is famous for producing cherries.
Once, I ate another kind of cherry,
but I realized that Sato-Nishiki is better than the other cherry...
JOB SEARCH
I make customs documents.
I have no interest in it.
It is OK to make customs documents and make reservations for shipments.
I want to do a more creative job.
Many friends often tell me that I must change... Change what?
I was talking about a name with my friend.
Actually, this is my first time that I have stayed in the United States, and I missed Japan during the first few days.
It is dedicated to the roots of the Japanese and is a very solemn place.
I chose espresso ice cream and it was a right choice.
Today's theme is ``room fragrance``, because I bought some room fragrance yesterday.
And Rowan Atkinson was nice to the boy.
I heard that Fahrenheit is defined by normal body temperature.
Recently, 'OTOKO-NO-KO' are increasing paticularily in Akihabara, Tokyo.
On Thursday morning, I took her to the clinic and the doctor prescribed some medicine for a cold.
Their conditioner makes my difficult hair easier to comb
I'm sorry for the filthy talk.
I feel itchy so often but I wear shoes or slippers so I can't scratch them.
I turned on my computer and connected to the machine at my company in order to examine the check list.
After two hours, I finally processed all of the problems.
It's special kind of relationships-language-relation (furthermore-LR), relation, which based on wishes to communication.
I decided
So I decided to become a manager and change my department.
I'm feeling excited.
They can talk before we know it.
How can I enjoy studying English grammer??
Actually I don't like studying grammer.....
I wonder how I can enjoy studying grammer...
Our house is on the 7th floor.
I then pressed the button for the 7th floor...
His mother or his family's maid was already on the elevator (I couldn't see who was inside of it from my position).
As far as I could see, he was not even embarrassed.
But we're in Singapore. Besides if I did so, he would probably pee on our doorstep to take revenge on me.
I hope some peverted kidnappers will take him to their house which has a lot of sex toys, and keep him as a sexual pet forever.
I bought many souvenirs. For example; postcards, ornaments and a lot of table wares.
TOday I went to Fukui prefecture.
sometime I will go with my boyfriend to watch a movie or walk in the afternoon.
Maybe just watching TV or talking with my mother or give my dog a bath.
I came back to Korea from Austraila a few days ago to prepare for being an exchange student next year.
I started studying English by becoming interested...
I like listening to the radio, especially late at night.
To my surprise, It cost me about 2500yen (almost 20 dollars).
Everytime I breathe the dry and cold air, I feel warm, because the smell is familiar which makes me safe.
I have studied in Beijing for almost 3 years, but sometimes I still miss home.
Yesterday at the restaurant
I really had to study English for the TOEIC test but as I was with my friend, in fact I couldn't do it.
(My friend would study something as well)
Do you know why?/
But you know, whenever my friend talks to me, I will have a chat with him and I concentrate on talking with him and studying is out of my objective...
Shonan is in Kanagawa prefecture which is near Tokyo. Near sounds more natural.
It takes ten minutes by bicycle.
Whenever I want to relax, I can easily go to the beach and enjoy the beautiful scenery and delicious food.
Because they stay up with their crying child all night.
The gray sky seemed to cry miserably, and the mental energy in my body has been fading away little by little.
Another thing in order for you to keep healthy is to cut over-eating in your diet.
The parties that out of power are asking the ruling party for a change in government.
You can divide people into two groups.
Don't get cold everybody.
I went on a business trip to Chiba prefecture.
I have to make preparation for my visit to Australia.
Training course of business strategy
The world will form a necessary combination for you to keep your life going on:) So many people who said ``I can never live without you`` live without and feel very happy.
I was tired and I enjoyed it.
It was used the concrete, not the wooden building like the other castles, so it is just the museum inside.
The foundation of this castle is the stone wall using a lot of big stones like the other castle, but there are some huge stones here, like the second photo attached.
along the road to the top, the scenery was so beautiful ~
I saw many notices on the moiuntain, like ``please don't go near the cliff as it is dangerous`` ``don't go down the wild path unaccompanied``.
when we arrived home, I found my skin was burnt bitterly and turned to red and will maybe change to black, hh ~
By watching the episodes, an English learner would not only be able to practice English, but also absorb the Western culture.
They are always are the same as before.
So, some effective measures have been taken to improve the quality of the spring festival gala.
I think most of the time I'm just studying to pass the exam and never think about mastering it.
I know that he isn 'tsick.
My friend suddenly called me and said she wanted to have fun at Roppongi because she has a lot of friends there.
She had worked at a sports bar before.
He is a teacher at a junior high school near my house.
On the menu for lunch was chinese food, like a dumpling, dim sum and things like that.
Recently my hobby is writing down the line from a movie into my notebooks.
And then I memorize the line, and say it.
Japanese sauce is made from various things such as vegetables, fruit and so on.
Salted fried Chinese noodles have recently become known (or popular) in Japan.
A typhoon is coming to Japan.
Let's save energy together.
I would like my friends to have strong bodies so they can visit me in the future.
I read an article today that said if we turn on lights often at night when we are sleeping, that can make us get a bad disease. By the way, it can waste our electricity.
Let's help our country to save energy before we go to bed and help the world.
It is called euphemism.
It is the euphemism ``
when a native speaker says the connected ``t`` or ``d`` sound like...
Recently, I have been getting ready to travel around the world.
I want to help out in biology research and to absorb knowledge about it.
First of all, thank you very much for your concern and lots of helping hands from outside Japan.
Still I believe Japan's Defence Force and other rescue teams from outside Japan will never give up finding the survivors.
I'm very busy now because of a essay for graduate school.
As I travel more and more, what I find is the tough quality and open-mindedness of Hongkongers.
I could get over not sleeping more than drinking coffee. Also, I haven't met a girlfriend.
I want to go to Thailand.
I cannot stop thinking of them, but one thing I definitely can say; her Japanese was not so good, and the descriptions/ portrayals of Japanese (people) were very biased (stereotypical) to foreigners.
Finally, they became friends.
11 eleven
14 fourteen
Since my shop is very quiet, I have a lot of free time at work. So I have decided to write all the English words I knew starting with an ``A``, and then check those at home. The important words are written in red! Today was ``B`` s turn.
I was wondering what is their meaning, because in Japanese, black-bellied means wicked, evil-minded or scheming.
But of course, it is idiom for Japanese people.
She spoke to me.
I was frustrated.
In that period, my teammates and I shared joys and sorrows and helped each other.
Though after 14 days when our work as a volunteer finished, we would leave each other. Perhaps we would never meet again, but we still cherished this friendship and those unforgettable days.
There are staff members from many countries that can talk with customers.
They are not teaching English there but customers can learn English naturally.
On Sunday, I went to T-place again, but this time with my daughter.
My daughter brought some picture books to ask a staff member to read for her.
If you have them, I would like you to communicate with me in English or Japanese.
After watching the movie we went to a Italian restaurant and chatted a lot XD
for me, it might be the most exciting day of this summer vacation
I'm working at a convenience store and it was very busy today:(
I wrote a self-introduction for my friend.
They can say ``happy Valentine's day`` as usuall. then I often feel annoy, because the day doesn't belong to me.
But other people message me ``happy Valentine's day too, although we don't have love ones``. haha ~ ~ now I feel happy, although I dont have a boyfriend** but I have some good friends. the last time, we went to a Barbecue restaurant to eat a lot of food. and it's interesting, a group of obaasan were singing loudly and drinking in the next place to ours. They looked so happy at the day. just some old women, no rose, no chocolate, but happy the same!
When it comes to the factors in successful development of a country, no one can ignore the importance of education, and no one can draw a conclusion of basic factors in the development of a country.
Take South Africa for an example, as is shown in the statistics provided by the government of Africa, there are so many families which are too poor to send their children to get an education.
I saw a bird knocking on one of the trees in my garden this morning.
My holiday has been going so fast
I quickly ate a simple breakfast.
collecting donations and taking them to the community office before ten.
I image what might happen. I think they will communicate using their own words, waving their hands, compare their voice through crying, not just using eye contact.
Actually, I was really thankful because they give me fun in this busy life. Then I think if we put ourselves out of our work and life, and give an eye on other people or things around us. We will find a lot of fun in our world.
My favorite artists are Avril Lavigne, Greenday, Linkinpark, Fort Mynor,
For example Naruto, One-Piece, D-Grayman, Gintama, and Fullmetal Alchemist, and
I like Final Fantasy and Legend of the Zelda.
The times we practiced were fun, and we took many pictures to remember the best times that we shared being that this is the last time we can work and play together at the anniversary of Chhs.
I began learning the guitar one year ago, and I hope I could be a great guitar player as him!
Why do I have to pay as much as 15-20% to servers who just take my order and ask me if everything is OK?
There is holiday on next Monday.
I received a call.
Often, I try to practice speaking English on this site, but I don't think my English pronunciation is improving.
In the end, Yu-Na won the gold medal with unbelievable points.
Yesterday in Russia was the holiday '' Victory Day ''.
First, we went to my cottage and rested there.
The first diary
I sometimes can't answer the questions because I would be nervous during the interviews.
I've been studying English for 9 years.
My home's Christmas tree
My 4-year-old son decorated my house's small Christmas tree.
So the Christmas tree decorations are unbalanced.
I gathered a lot of toys, books and my children's homework.
I read a book called ``Number the Stars`` because I am interested in learning about the Holocaust of the Second world war and how the Danish rescued the Jews.
To my dear friends who are living around the world now.
Please listen to what I say right now!
If you don't have them, I too suggest you should find out them soon.
I hope you will become so happy to get to find a nice partner.
We had a fantastic time.
We were supposed to go to Stanley by mini bus from Causeway Bay.
Afer that, I told the mini-bus driver that I would like to pay the fare of the other 5 members fare with my Octopus card.
It makes me feel willing to continue this diary.
Tomorrow, I must write and thank the people who watch this diary, and who teach me.
I'm stumped.
I just want to say that I was in love with Japan and now, there's left nothing.
My major is English education, and I like English.
I've wanted to learn English for a while because I want to communicate with people all over the world and know their ideas about things, dreams, interests, character and so on.
It sounds really interesting.
Pendulum-Granite is my favorite song!
Even if I get acupuncture therapy regularly, the cold weather triggers it more often than hot weather.
According to the book, we can live long by caloric restriction.
It has been shown that when animals, including humans, execute caloric restriction, it will lead to a very active and extended life.
It's a pity that I don't know how to reply quickly.:((Can anybody help me?) Getting to know somebody from a different country is really exciting and surprising.
Now I'm looking forward to an extraordinary February!
my father and my elder brother had to visit to Osaka for business trip,
By the end of this month, we must have our presentation to the chief executives.
How can I change this status?
No zest, no power to continue studying.
Also I guess it's a little bit hard to find a person for Language exchange in ``Chinese`` here; however, I still want to give it a shot...
It's depressing for a person who has learned English for
If I can speak more languages, then I would speak to more people.
and my sense of value will become greater.
l practiced
I learned/ studied English at school and since that time I had no practice.
I'm so tired.
I cannot take consecutive days off and holidays are irregular.
I Wan na Enjoy Watching Kid Movies in English!
Melbourne is good city to live in but I hate Melbourne weather!
But this month, I came back to the head office and I took part in the new project.
This summer I have little free time.
I only have one and a half months off.
There is no heat this month.
I'm so nervous.
Because I haven't prepared anything for me to stay here
That's all my fault tho.
It was my father's souvenir from Hokkaido (a place in Northern Japan).
I also like watching movies and if I have a long vacation, I would like to travel all over the world.
These days in Brisbane, for me, it is not an unfamiliar city, because I have lived here for 3 months, but I still feel strange here.
Toby knocked over some empty milk bottles.
Suddenly Mr Spry's house door opened, and a man held Toby's arm.
My pronunciation sucks...
He's already mastered some of those languages perfectly and is going
that my pronunciation sucks.
I've never thought of the way I pronounced things as wrong,
Even though I'm a foreigner, I have to try to make it sound fluent as long
He was transferred to the other branch office.
I was really impressed and I cried.
I have become accustomed to this changing weather, declining temperature and perpetual rain.
There is a bizarre phenomena, to you guys it may be really hard to understand.
Due to this reason, I can only use prudent words to record my daily life.
But today when I logged into my msn, I got the information that Microsoft will not provide blog service to us and hope that we can move our blog to Wordpress.
I don't wanna be lazy anymore!
It is written by Eric R.
She took the doll, and called her Rika chan.
I visited the Blenz Coffee at Yokohama and the NewYorker's cafe at Ginza.
Recently I notice, that more and more of my students are being late or skipping my class. This course of action is ruining my teaching plan because many games can't be played with small number of people.
I went to a family restaurant with my friend Mari.
But I thought we should find someone to correct us like lang-8!!
Nowadays, Japan is in a very difficult term. Still, many people are missing in last natural disaster and nuclear power plant still difficult situation......
Do you know the license called ``IT Passport``?
If you have this license in Japan, you are qualified as a person who knows the basic knowledge of the information technologies.
I have to study English hard until I go to the Philippines,
Trip to Hundred Island and Baguio (June)
Because we didn't have anything interesting to do, though It was already 4PM, we chartered a boat for island hopping.
Soon after we got inside the boat, great awesome thunder began to rumble and the sky became jet-black darkness...
The hotel ``Camp John hey`` where we dropped by for the cafe is awesome.
but the grave was saved from the Tsunami by a hairsbreadth.
In the coastal part of Miyagi, debris lays in heaps here and there,
To improve my French, I have to take lessons with many teachers soI have no choice.
This is a rule in Taiwan but I got a little nervous. XD
im waiting for a heatblock to get warm enough.
I'm sleepy, but I will definitely go.
I was trying to translate a Spanish post but...
I love him.
I don't know why I love her so much, don't know why I can't forget her, I'm not stupid in this problem, I just don't know (or/ understand) why.
After eating dinner, I got hungry immediately, maybe I don't eat enough
some foreigners were swimming.
Sometimes they are very strict towards us.
Thanks for everyone's help and she wishes you success.
I thought the life of University was busy than anytime before when I was [sitting on the chair of classroom and listenning everything the teacher said.
One of the sentence was that the students at a university didn't have free time to play, because the students need to learn many many things and pay more time than before to learn.
Your kind support would be appreciated.
I don't know why Keirin, a bicycle race, cannot become major compered to Keiba, a horse race in Japan.
Fingers crossed.
Do You Know ``Job is Shit``?
The title is ``Job is Shit``.
Neoneat has been writing articles on his site about how disgusting the Japanese working environment is.
He is also insulting even strict Japanese office workers severely.
For example, ``Japanese workers are weak and dogs of their companies`` and ``I'm working in better working environment than them. Do you envy me?`` I think the Japanese government is shit, but the Japanese office workers don't have any reason to be guilty. The Japanese office workers are working every day for themselves or their families.
I read that sometimes Japanese people are cheated in foreign countries, and then lost their money.
It contains English reading, English composition, mathematics, physics and a special subject.
I am very worried, I was studying 14 hours every day for the past day, I couldn't sleep without drinking, I was tried. So, I decided that I will take a vacation after the test to reduce my stress.
I wish the pain (would) disappear by) tomorrow) morning.
I lived on the sixth floor.
I hope that I can improve my English skills, and I welcome people to give me some tips for my writing. Thanks a lot.
When I found out that he really believes that I am going to India, I laughed.
A question about grammar
I have a question about English grammar in the case as follows.
An electric bulb has a filament, but a fluorescent tube has two electrodes.
I think ``We usually use a fluorescent lamp, which has 2 electrodes`` or ``We usually use fluorescent lamps, each of which has 2 electrodes,`` is correct. My question is whether the first one makes sense or not.
very very bad! I'm so miserable, I need to learn English, but I don't know how to study it. Please help me!
We usually stir-fry it with egg.
I'm not a vegetarian.
Today, I will explain why I think subtitles are important. (We don't really study subtitles... ^ ^;;)
When people criticize, it is hard..
The trips purpose is to learn
The sports festival will be held next friday.
I met her 1 month ago and I thought she was not speaking English as well as me but now I noticed that she seemed to speak English better than me.
I envy her because her English pronunciation was more fluent than when I saw her 1 month ago.
I'm working for a life insurance company in Japan.
by pumping these billions in renewables instead of pumping it in
I haven't gone on lang-8 since I went to my papa's home. because my papa's home is high in the mountains, I had no chance to check my mailbox and answer your messages. I felt so sorry. I miss all of you so much.
When I rode moter bike, suddenly speed down.
I was supprised because itwas the first time my mortor bike became in abad conditi
Although there are many unhappy things in your life, you must believe there are also more happy things that will make you happy.
So don't treat yourself as a tragedy.
Anyway, tomorrow is another day.
At first, I thought playing cards was so boring and it doesn't make any sense, but in the end, I got to meet a lot of new friends.
I thought it was interesting to play cards, which was boring for me at first, but then it gave me the chance to meet many friends who can make my days in New york more valuable!
please teach me!! 2
I want to be a preschool teatcher.
But English is difficult...
But I was Kindergarten teacher two months ago.
My hobby is watching movies, photography, watching TV, and Karaoke.
I like Japanese dramas too ^ ^
Two months ago, I landed in Toronto with my husband and little baby.
Today is my husband's birthday, we plan on buying a cake from the supermarket to celebrate his first birthday in a new country.
I don't know what to say to you right now. I hope we all here will make a huge progress on what we're willing to learn, and don't forget to make some good friends.
Interestingly, I met Koreans on my way, so we attended service together, and furthermore we were joined as one cell of CHC.
Next, if the machines produced goods, there won't be any quality in that goods.
However, if people made that, people have to make them very hard, and there will be a lot of quality.
Recently, farming online is becoming more and more popular amongst young people.
What's more, it is high time that the young should be taught how to use the Internet properly.
I went to western Canada on a trip for 26 days with the Greyhound ``30 days discovery pass``
I like to paint using a small number of colored pencils.
Hope make true friends through it and improve my english.
I like snowboading a lot.
Everyday I just get online and read some articles.
It's already Febuary and my birthday is coming.
Last year, I celebrated it with my 7 fairy friends, but I was not happy then.
Is it only a physical problem?
Now I get some acne on my left eyebrow and some are near my chin.
I google why I have these wierd things on my face and figure out maybe I have a hormone disorder. (Is this because I don't have a sex life for a long time?
I'm in my friend's room in Yokohama now and listening to music.
Because the government started a campaign called 'Cool Biz' about five years ago to save energy.
But I was surprised about it, so I couldn't say anything.
She told me that the company wanted a few managers from all areas in Japan, so she called again to tell methe day of job interview.
Sometimes I go to a big supermarket called Woolworths in town but it's very expensive.
Do you know anywhere I can buy food cheaper?
Do you believe that there are some ghosts in the world?
I love chocolates more than bf.
Last picture is green tea with milk.
I wanted to take a mock interview, but before I tell it to the tutor, she showed me a (?) text.
It is a very delicious food.
he is from Australia.
My English is getting worse and worse since I graduted from senior high school, so I need someone to help me with my English.
My luck was ``Kichi``, which means so-so or normal.
a few minutes ago, I said to her, ``Shall we go to eat anything?`` She said yes.
An interesting phenomenon I found in ``lang-8``.
If I'm wrong, please help me correct it.
You often hear this question being asked in Korea.
Koreans like to classify a person's character by blood type.
A types are usually narrow-minded.
They write down what or who made that day bad.
Their character is also tough.
They usually have analytic thinking similar to a dictator.
They have many friends.
Because we have two children who will have their entrance examinations of University and High School soon.
Recently, I'm studying English.
Today I answered a question.
The question was ``When you're feeling sad, what do you do to feel better?``
My classmates and I discussed death penalty in law class because our teacher could not prepare learning packs for the seminar.
Ono was taken to a police station under suspicion of violating the Maintenance Public Order Law.
It was the commemorative party for publication of Karoku Hosokawa's book, who was a political scholar from Tomari.
The prosecution and the Court ratified the ``Black Trial`` made up by Tokko Police.
I found out about this site from a magazine yesterday, and so now I'm trying to write something in English.
The former sounds like ``it's OK``, ``I don't mind it``, or ``forget about it``.
I never been outside of Japan to anywhere except Hong Kong.
Definitely it remains memorable.
Because it was so hot and humid, just staying in the hotel was irritating enough.
However, there's lazer show in the night.
But he is pretty cute for me.
Anyway, I will write daily as much as possible to study English.
On wednesday I saw a movie with my mother, my friends and my friends 'mother.
Themoviewas very funny and impressive.
I'm very interested in expressing my thoughts in other languages.
I figured out the reason.
You're very thankful to me, because you also like to learn other languages.
You were singing a song of Guns 'N' Roses.
One of my friends invited me to go camping in Saitama prefecture.
Furthermore, I'm planning to go camping at the end of next week with my university friends.
I have one daughter and one son.
I remember that my mother said ``you can't beat your children.``
I'm appreciative of my mother's efforts to raise me.
Please help me.
I live in Tashkent city, Uzbekistan.
My hobbies-basketball, listening to music, playing bass, and reading books a little;)
I hope to make more friends throughout the world, and speak English very well.
Should I introduce myself? Anyway...
The Japanese government right now is reviewing its nuclear energy policy due to the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Under The Basic Energy Plan, nuclear power will be Japan's ``core source of energy`` in the medium and long term.
And I want to try writing about India and its culture!!!
there are 6 preliminary matches of GP.
My favorite program is last year's performance with the music 'the Moulin Rouge' in which yuna kim set up a new record in the short program. (figure skating is divided into two sections, short program and free program)
I am going to write about arranging a meeting.
I think that they met their fiances, fell in love, knew each other well and decided to get married.
My older sister sent me a picture of her and her husband.
I was so nervous.
A friend of mine said something about the hidden messages in songs.
I've never thought about it.
Have you ever found a song with a special hidden message on it?
She told me that most rock songs have a hidden message, what do you think about it?
Since I have never been there, I'm not sure what I will doin Seoul.
Recently, I began to read and listen with the iphone.
How can I get grammar skils?
English is very difficult, but I have a fun time when I study English.
My aim is to write a diary every day on Lang-8.
The main purpose of this trip is attending a conference hosted by Microsoft Corporation at Microsoft Campus in Redmond near Seattle, but first, I'm going to Las Vegas today (for no special reason).
After I put my cat in the kitchen, I went back to eating my supper, until I noticed that my cat was behind me again.
It's the first time I heard of this kind of website which I think is a great help of language learning.
I like to read novels and watch movies which are very ordinary interests.
We, an audit group, are sending the Accounts Receivable confirmation letter to overseas customers.
Hello, my wonderful friends.
Today we had a special class at my school.
instead of hiragana...
But I have no opportunities to meet with any so I checked a website that introduces Japanese people to foreigners.
My main object is to learn and improve my English as much as I can.
So why am I going to the Philippines? There are three reason for this.
Could you paraphrase the meaning?
Is is kinda ``I should've been more careful about my...``?
He also said that the first Japanese he had learned was in the menu of the YAKITORI (Japanese food) restaurant!
Every time I look back, I am very surprised of how sensitive (or wussy:-)) I can be.
I have registered here only today and I was surprised how great this site is.
I saw how you people correct mistakes.
Now it's so good to make mistakes, because I know you'll correct it, so I will improve my English.
Thank you;)
When it snows heavily, trains sometimes stop or delay.
Most of my friends don't use their cellphones for this long, but I'm not good at using electric things and also I don't like reading directions either, so I tend to use my cell phone till it gets any damaged.
Well, but I always fell happy, somehow fresh once I change to new one.
I intend to meet our second eldest son at the end of this month.
Unfortunately, recently I have made a lot of absent-minded mistakes because I was very busy.
My free time has almost come to an end. It is five minutes to eight now.
I received an A or A + on all subjects.
Taking this opportunity, I decided to study harder.
Don't know when I'll be allowed to use the computer again.
I'll tell her to raise my grade a little and next term she can lower it.
Any way the rest of the day was kinda fun.
I already explained why.
I wanted you to know why I'll be gone for a while.
I had been lying down at the poolside for 6 hours yesterday.
It was not so shiny yesterday so I didn't notice the sunburn, but now my skin has become awfully red.
In addition, it's bad that I slept last night on ``Igusa``, a Japanese rug made from grass, so my sunburn became worse by rubbing (?).
Ponto-cho is a street famous for good dining, restaurants and bars in particular for night time.
It's Labor Thanksgiving Day today.
The devil felt she needed the heroine.
But when the heroine saw that the devil had lied to and fired another staff member,
So I resumed writing in Lang-8.
If the band was lower than that, I think the road to the goal would have been much further and my departure would have been delayed for a few years more.
I'm a Chinese girl who lives in Australia now. + G 'day +
This is my first time using this kind of website that my friend recommended to me.
Therefore, I'd like to practise my English with you guys and learn something about French.
This is because the unemployment rate is gradually increasing and many international students from South Korea are returning and actively job seeking.
Now we are gathering donated goods and practicing music.
A year ago, I wasn't interested in Canada.
Other picture is New Years hors d '
Both of these are Sakura flavored.
I know that ghosts do not exist.
Tsunami killed many people and destroyed villages.
Thank you so much.
I couldn't go to school today.
Recently, I enjoy writing my diary in Engilsh.
But I always do my best to communicate with foreiners foreigners by using expressions the best I can..
The world isn't equal, and the inequality in life is continuning.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is comimg, and may everyone have a beautiful and happy moon festival!!
Recently, I've read a book written by a mathematician named <beat the dealer>.
So I went downstairs to eat breakfast, and I checked my email.
This is a good way for me to get rid of stress. Because I am an office worker I seldom have a chance to exercise on weekdays.
But I try to exercise for at least 30minutes on weekdays except on Monday and Thursday. Because I go to Korean class on Mondays and English conversation class on Thursdays.
We usually have a good relationship, but sometimes we have a little trouble.
Also my family believes in me,
A few minutes ago, the announcement in Dalian airport said, the flight to Shenzhen will be delayed about 2 hours.
Laborers get more power to protect their legal interests.
Until now I have studied Japanese and have traveled around my house area!
To make friends, I know that I have to speak Japanese well!
my English is still terrible, but I will write dairy day by day!
and then when my Japanese class will be off to beginner, I'll write this diary in Japanese!!
My first time to write an entry on Lang-8.
because I decide to immigrate to Los Cabos, Mexico. ``
Recent research has shown that children are more relaxed to study than ever before, since the light education policy was introduced a decade ago.
I am a Japanese college student studying English.
Lang-8 is a platform for multi-language studying by mutual assistance.
With the platform, you can correct mistakes in people's articles, give them your advice, to help foreigners to study your native language, while you could get a good feeling by helping others and get help from other friendly people.
Because your journals maybe refer to your privacy, the study platform allow you to select who can read your journals, for example Internet users, the Lang-8 users and so on.
My grandma said that holly ghosts protected me as my guardian and kept their eyes on me during my birthday.
Because my life is individual and joyful.
I am currently attending a university in the U.
Actually, I finished all of the classes except an advanced English class.
When I lived in Japan, playing the piano and going to my favorite places with my husband were best way for relieving stress,
Of course I like talking with my friends and going shopping and and so on.
So I have to learn these words before I start the second one.
We have ten levels and a staff member told me that the four classes from the top are ranked the highest group and these four classes use the same textbook.
walked there holding to my brother's shirt in my childhood.
There is a piano that my parents gave me in my room.
One of the main dilemma goes: should I marry someone who is similar to me or different from me?
Marriage is an important thing for people where we choose someone to live so intimately for such a long time.
Therefore he had the nickname ``Dokuganryu``, it means one eyed dragon.
It tastes like good beef steak.
Those chaos, confusions, depression... It seemed like it was never going to end. And I didn't have a clue.
This is the first diary for me!
This theme came up after The Wall Street provided complex financial products that led to a worldwide resession.
I wonder whether CEOs should have limit salaries or not.
However, if the company has debt and will go bankrupt, CEOs should have limits on their salaries for the company and employees.
we want to make repairs (or overhaul), and buy new equipment.
I feel that there are many mistakes))))
I entered university in Osaka.
Of course I sent a message for my English teacher.
I'm now studying English.
I want to make friends with more people from other countries and I learn English.
There is not a cloud in the sky.
Actually, there is the nice beach that I can get to by running ten minutes from my apartment.
I could see the really beautiful view especially today.
I am going to go to the beach again after writing this diary and visit a cafe where I can see the beach in order to study English.
Studying should be comfortable, shouldn't it?
'Our case is not a Chernobyl, and the accident doesn't have any effects on those of us who are living near Tokyo.' as of March.
But I dont like to study grammar, so always use simple words with broken grammar.
Please check my writing to help me!!
Because my parents always spent the weekends for their hobby instead of spending it with us.
I will pay $ 85 tomorrow!
I cooked a pie in the microwave, washed some salad and fry an egg every day for my lunch.
To my surprise.
When I was in elementary school, I wanted to be a teacher.
Because mathematics usually have definite answers.
I ate noodles and it was to my taste.
Therefore, we have decided to offer some discounts for a period of time, and provide interest free instalment for a certain number of customers.
Like every student in China, I have studied English for 10 years.
I agree with them now though. When I watch CSI, I can't understand what they say.
Taking buses, going shopping and chatting with friends in English are my dreams in other countries.
There are beautiful varieties of dolls in that country.
It was weird for us to clean up stuff like her friend's old letters and cards.
I learned about 'present perfect' and 'present perfect continuous' today.
I've been very confused when choosing between 'present perfect' and 'present perfect continous'.
Because my eyes were itching.
I am very comfortable!
Therefore, I'm going to try to write journals in writing style from now on.
Also some high schools or universities are very difficult to enter, due to the exams and competition.
We actually call the cram school '' juku '' in Japanese.
However, when we look up the word '' juku '' in a Japanese-English dictionary, it says '' cram school ''.
My online English teacher told me about a popular sweet from the Philippines.
So most of us laughed at him, and looked down on him.
Maybe you also can find more advantages of the big gray wolf from the cartoon.
professors 'announcement or the materials that he posts for the class.
But at the same time, I wanna master English and go to restaurants to talk with my co-workers.
Tuesday I was at my Japanese class after work, and I was REALLLYYYY tired since I only slept 3 hours the night before (hard to go from night shift to day shift in one day XO).
(Think with a twisted mind if you still don't catch it...) Trust me, I was redder than a juicy tomato. If I could have hidden between the glue and the floor I would've =_ = The even funnier part was that the teacher didn't understand and made it even worse, so afterwards when everyone calmed down she said:
The owner of horses have to select a strong, able horse and make him into a race horse
In order to be a race horse, he needs parents who were race horses.
The Special sauce was made with Go Choo Jang, and a little vinegar.
How about Oyster food in your country?
The price negotiation was tough but they finaly offered me a good price.
Can you imagine that a man can control the weather?
In some Tribes of native Americans, they are given names which are derived from a vision at a certain age.
Then, their synod or chief endows them with a name in accordance with their vision.
Now that it is seems that topics about native Americans are consigned to the dustbin of history.
If anyone suffers from migraine, how about drinking herbal tea?
I recommend it!
We went shopping and bought pants and a jacket.
To better act this drama, we practiced half-hour every day for about three weeks.
when we playing, I was very nervous.
our drama was very popular, and we won the NO. 1 in my company.
The other day, May 8th, I went to the fair trade day festival in Marunouchi and it was one of the greatest experiences I have ever had.
(The) Healthy and tasty foods, non-wasteful products, and organic products and clothes were very fascinating to me.
And also I was strongly attracted to fair trade products because most of them are high quality.
Of course, I love cheap, fast fashion like forever21, H& M and so on.
Please forgive us.
This test is very important, it is essential for me to become an exchange student between my university and Florida State University.
I like to read gossip news about American celebrities.
Lately I've been reading her gossip news everyday.
So, we were quite a bit worried first, but finally it was proven unnecessary because they were very well accustomed to the car itself, as well as dealing with risky situations.
Anyway, It was very far to go to our destination-the eastern beaches (kangreung)-from the city (seoul).
I am really pleased by it.
The lyrics written by him are easy to sympathize with.
My cousin taught me how to see my friend's sex or native language at Lang-8.
I can see my friends 'information by myself.
I will try my best to do it, trust me please, haha.
I am sorry for the earthquake in Japan.
The stalls sell shaved ice, apple candy, Yakisoba, Wataame and so on.
Of course, there are game booths too.
In addition, we can make friends from different universities in the club.
They caught clams in a full basket.
Apparently, it can be said that they copied the concept from the game.
I want to pass the exam.
Wonderful! I finished my exam yesterday.
It's so agony while preparing the exam..
Although the exam has been over, I worry about my result.
Having this exam again is what I don't want.
So (therefore?), please let me pass the exam.
You need no crystal ball to know what I did next; nothing at all!
That doesn't mean I didn't care about my exams at all; I always checked my answers, I couldn't help it!
We were allowed to take the test sheets with questions home and the answers were published at a website exactly one hour after the exams had ended.
If I screwed up my French or Maths exam over the next few days, I would definitely have to do a resit or in the worst case: fail.
Of course, it had already passed my mind a couple of times before, but now it was serious!
To make matters worse, I totally lost my appetite the following three days or so, so I ate nothing more than one sandwich and some crackers each day.
I got something I call the '' vacuum cleaner-syndrome ''...
I can use skype& yahoo messenger!
Today picking many Potatoes.
they don't have practically any friends.
because I was disobedient.
that's why I haven't strayed far from the right path.
We played soccer and Wii sports.
I have two way to learn vocabulary, one is to read DUO 3. 0 books and the other is to read the simple English news site every day.
I was not just moulding raw thoughts into a linguistic form, but trying to produce new perpective to view things. It can possibly give birth to some deformed or a lateral thought! Then I might need to wear new glasses to view another world hidden from ordinary Japanese colored glasses.
Although Chinese is a little difficult to learn...
it is an Aussie tv program, you know!
Yes, we can see many celebrities from many different industries such as films, music, literature and politics there and we also can listen to their interesting interviews.
No way!!! Also it is true there are many celebrities who are quite defensive of gay things.
I can correct articles that Japanese studying users write.
Thank you.
I should spend my time efficiently.
bad: fuck (lol)
It was so delicious.
I enjoyed.
I like it because it is good for my health.
Order is the longest book in the Harry Potter series.
The Japanese government told the president of ANA not to allow the same problem to occur.
I'm going to go to Fukuoka tonight.
I really don't want to stay at home during winter holiday.
Tonight, I have an appointment with someone who bought a computer from me at the restaurant.
I went to the library to study physics because of an upcoming examination.
My instructor suggested that I read a good essay written by one of our classmates from Quwait.
My pronunciation was really bad, and it was very hard to say water.
In Japanese, it is difficult to pronounce 'water', because we don't have the ``w`` sound in our language.
In my neighborhood, the electricity has failed. This happened shortly after the earthquake.
I logged in tolang-8 for the first time since May 01 2009.
afternoon.
Recently, I haven't studied English because I neglect it every day.
But, I restarted studying English since today.
Most of Indian people are Hindu, so they don't eat beef.
It is unusual to use meat and fish for a meal.
I stayed there for 10 days because I got the swine-flu!
I had almost a 40C fever, and couldn't get up.
It was very cold this morning, and I found him trembling!
I think he will be trembling tommorow morning too.
But already four days have passed!
Their messages encouraged me very much.
Let's go boating on the sea. Won't it pleasant in the cool breeze?
Sincerely yours.
I'm not a psychiatrist, so I didn't know how to take care of the patient.
I've taken care of people who have had depression, so I can handle them, but it was my first time to have treat a person who has bipolar.
I'm in Vancouver.
I am in Vancouver.
It's frustrating that I can't speak English well enough.
I met my friends I had gotten to know when I was a university student
I enjoyed talking about many things and drinking with them.
Though the news may create argument, I felt very happy that a woman who had longed for a baby, finally had a baby at last, at age 50.
Probably in our time, the definition of being a mother may become nonsense.
There are several battle scenes (not as beautiful as before).
I was nine years old and studied in the fifth form of Russian Secondary School, in a small town.
After that I studied English at college, if you can call it studying.:)) We had only 36 hours of English lessons over the whole four years of trainign:O I would have most likely called it a revision of I learned at school.
Recently, I played a game called ``Mind10`` with a co-worker at break time.
I say ``Are you yellow?``, and look at everyone's face.
On the third day, it was rainy, but we went cruising
I had been very impressed.
he is very similar to me.
Mabe a lot of meetings make me stupid and foolish.
cause, will is similar to me.
My hair color is brown.
However, I had some concerns about my fitness and health, so I started to work out.
The first place I picked a wallet up was in front of a shopping mall which is near my home when (while is better) I was going to my work place (work is better).
Nowadays, I'm so terribly sick of lacking money...
Now I'll go shopping in Harajuku.
but my next holiday, I am going to Akihabara with my French friend.
thank you for reading my diary!
I will compare my sense of values with foreign student's and
January 3rd 2009
Actually I had taken such an injection when I was 10 years old.
Encountering so many supernatrual things at the same time, the situation of my brain was kind of touch and go.
I didn't speak to myself too often, just once in a blue moon, but be prepared, something was definitely wrong.
``It's not my day...`` I whispered, ``I'm just too tired...``
I want a Korean-Japanese dictionary so I will understand to the words to their songs!
I'll stick to study English in future!!
I have just finished cleaning up my room.
My supervisor told me that it is tough to teach students English.
Although to leave my city is very sad and I don't want to live apart from my family or friends, I think this chance and experience will make me strong.
I can imagine the situations and dialogues through the characters motions and expressions.
So she recommended the drama to me.
My son and daughter take care of her mainly.
So she is cute.
So I think it is best for my request
She said ``It's like a home drama in America!``
Today, I went to a Japanese super market.
I went to school (ESL) early fast time today.
My class is Pre-intermediate level.
There are Japanese, Koreans, Brazilians and Chinese students in my class.
During this three days, I will will be in training at work.
Today is my first day of training.
But to tell the truth, the reason why I love her is unexplainable.
It was terrible!!
however sometimes I feel lonesome during the night
so I always listen to music that I love
I wish everyone a happy time on the Valentine's day...
I remembered my trip to France three month ago:)
I thought he was a young lady when I just saw him from behind.
But he was a little different from before, because this time he was wearing a green wig.
First Writing
As the title said, my new car has arrived this afternoon.
Of course, it took me about a month. (it's two times longer than studying in the academy) I'm studying the other subjects by myself.
It is a samurai movie. The main character is Ichi who is a blind girl.
I have some questions.
In our university there is a tradition.
Next, the fourth grader plays the role of doctor and the fifth grader is the patient.
When we take this examination, we are all very nervous because volunteer's play role in patients.
There may be inappropriate expressions...
But remember,
remember to go home to chat with your parents, to cook for them, to eat with them etc.
My favorite shampoos and treatments are ``Dove`` and ``Pantene``!!!!
My family have managed a liquor shop for 40 years.
Then he died 65years old when I was in the first year of elementary school.
I can correct your Japanese diary a bit.
They can sacrifice theirselves for the family's happiness.
Attending my friend's wedding banquet
I attended my friend's banquet on October 3rd, which was also my 20th birthday.
We couldn't find the restaurant for 30 minutes, because neither of us has a sense of direction.
Finally, we found the restaurant at the last minute before the banquet started.
I was always scolded by my art teacher, because the picture I drew never looked like what the art teacher wanted.
I hope she has happy life with her husband.
I've posted my first diary for half a month, but to my disappointment, it
Im really excited right now but, at the same time, I feel empty....
I have a hamster.
I think her name is very cute. It means flower.
It makes sense though. Most young people have goals like fame and financial security so they tend to study for the sole purpose of their career.
Recent, I played bowling.
If only we could be delivered from this enormous amount of homework!
I may sound silly, but I love every lesson (except Physics and Chemistry)..
I am afraid that it seems I am falling in love.
I'm wathching a Japanese film called 'Death ote' on TV.
The film is based on the popular series of comic books of the same name.
Both the investigator and the criminal who uses the notebook take center stage.
So my Waterman fountain pen has irregular ink flow. (?)
I studied my English 4 years
What do you think about Japanese car makers, for example, Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Mitsubishi and Mazda?
So please check and correct my diary and please send me a message if you have interest in Japan, Tokyo, me, or whatever!
I am sleepy because yesterday's seminar was harder than 2 days ago.
Separating Apollo with your teeth is sort of common memory among us!
I tried to start the session in safe mode and after a couple of attempts (twenty minutes or more of waiting) all seems normal, until I saw an error message that warned me about an error with the NVIDIA graphics card and its drivers.
I am visiting my daughter's home in Toyama pref.
I have problems with building constructions, free conversation and fast English-speaking.
I attached these pictures, please view/ do take a look them.
I was thinking of how I saw it without my glasses while wearing only the 3D ones.
I have no power to continue writing. so today I am not writing anything.
Recently, I've been reading Alice in Wonderland written in English.
I am learning in a Medical College now.
There are only seven boys in my class of 30. At first I thought that such a class might be boring, but in the past few months my life has changed.
They are all very humorous. First I want to introduce our hostess Bin. I call her Boll-piging. When she begins to talk I laugh because she will always say something funny or interesting and she is a very cute girl. Yesterday afternoon during PE class, when we started playing a game, she was still carrying her bag. It was a really huge bag, which made her look like a snail. Our teacher asked her to put down the bag, but I was wondering '' Can a snail put down her shell? ''
The books 'names are`` The Traveler's gift: seven decisions that determine personal success ``and`` Mastering the Seven Decisions that Determine Personal Success ``written by Andy Andrews.
A few days ago I searched on an internet book store casually.
After half of a day I received it by a deliveryman and read it immediately.
Finally I've finished reading this book
I went to San Diego with my friend last weekend.
The beef was baked with onion, green pepper, and tomato.
I was lucky because I took a bath last night.
They answer to Mickey's questions, but they never answer to me!
I accept the situation, and I'm crazy about Lang-8 beside them.
Many people went out to join the evening party.
She said she was tired but strangely
I suppose that sometimes people need unpredictable incidents.
My partner for Catalina was Kathy,
Next I had a dictation lesson with a Japanese teacher.
In summer, I couldn't go out, because it was too hot and I didn't want to tan.
The rainy season between spring and summer is called ``Tsuyu`` in Japanese.
Incidentally, in the gallery, I was intrigued by the publicity for Guerilla Girls which said, ``Do women have to be naked to get into the Met Museum?
At the beginning of the exhibition, there is a board that formed with the name of male artists (Andy Warhol, Josephine Beuys etc).
At first, when I saw this work, I was fascinating by the dress but after a careful observation, it made me to think about criminal fire...
It means there is no data on my desktop, in folders and even in ``favorites``.
shippai (fail) and shinpai (worry)
Kaeru (frog) and Kaeru (come back)
I don't think that the amount of posts or comments about a certain player/ club/ league exactly reflect how many fans they have in this huge community.
In Japan, a university student's tweet became the topic of conversation.
A student confessed his cheating in an examination.
Nobody pushing me to do anything, noone to exploit or manipulate me.
Yesterday, my sister and I went to the cinema, and we watched ``Gnomeo and Juliet``.
It's very funny because when a human sees them, the little gnomes quickly turn into porcelain figures, in the position they are in at that moment.
So I'll be training till dinner!
Perfume: The Story of a Murder
I stood contemplating the rain under the leaves.
They were glistening and clear as crystal.
Especially in the University, I can spend all my time in my studying my favorite things.
In the library of the University, there are almost all of the books and newspapers I want to read.
Today I'm going to the theatre.
While I was in NZ I had to speak English everyday, but after I came back to Japan I became so lazy in learning English...
I teach him math, physics, and chemistry.
defend: He tried to defend himself, but everyone spoke at once, so he even couldn't be heard.
I have my own lang-8 account and I hope everybody comments.
My family are buddhists so we believe that the 49th day is
My study methods using the nintendo DS mainly consist of studying vocabulary.
Health is the most important thing!!
Our family went to my grandmother's house to thank her for getting my daughter a get-well gift.
She was so glad to see my daughter had been better.
A Japanese friend of mine who hasn't yet recieved a license had a hard time driving.
I think he has a good idea, but regarding how to persuade people
So, If we preach Jesus 'teaching
So you must have a valid reason to make her accept your invitation.
I think troubles and hard times make a manmature. These dayswe 've been studying ``The Loons`` and I think I am similar to Vanessa who learnedfrom the suffering in her life.
And I used to attend the foreign language college in Kyoto, but I dropped out because of economic problems
I was invited to go to Summer Sonic, which is a famous music concert in Japan.
There was further proof about his preference.
He picked up the principal's plate every day so that the principal wouldn't break his spine while bending his back to pick up his plate.
``Don't laugh!`` I said to him in English.
Each party is focusing on consumption tax, which is like ``value added tax in Europe``, whether to raise the rate or not.
I think rising the rate is understandable, but I want politicians to stop wasting money first.
This leads to global warming.
our strange melody from choking up
I started to make a chronological table of architects this year because I want to understand the history of architects and how they relate to each other.
As I'm going to travel to foreign countries, before my trip I want to memorize the table.
Today I made a table of Arata Isozaki who is one of the most famous Japanese architects and I think he is one of the men leading the international architectural world today.
According to his portfolio, he completed his first public building at 35!
Second, I went to a concert which took place in Sanomiya city.
This month I went to Vancouver and met many foreigners.
I believe that it means I have the potential to improve my marks.
So, I will write about some freshman girls who were behind us and saw my friend and me.
At the end of the conference the school's directors arrived and finally he told us that the alert was false (thanks God).
My summer vacation plan
I think it's hard to travel but it'll be meaningful.
I'm looking forward to going there!
In the past, I hated the rainy season.
I always got wet.
I have lot of things, for example-some English textbooks, a backpack to go to some mountains, many instant food for dinner just in case I can `t go to my home, and like that.
He borrowed a book about 'ORIGAMI' at a library today.
We are very busy during this season from November to January because we are providing toys and goods for children and babies.
But, it's combining all mathematics functions, like integrals, inverse, trigonometry, natural logs, and many more...
It sometimes not fun (pressure) working in my clinic.
I feel it is interesting when they smile after I say something to them.
Let's try having fun (pleasure) in our day even if it is work!
I cannot be absent from practice from now on.
They are very convenient because I don't need to leave home to check money in my bank account or to purchase books or something.
People often say that Japanese girls are kind, obedient, and so on.
I think contemporary Japanese girls are not so obedient as people may think.
They are getting strong and selfish, including me. haha.:)
I usually study until twelve
I have a father, mother, younger sister and grandmother.
My sister is 3 years younger than me.
Well, this blanket is very useful, like for example, it is easy to carry and I can save on the electric bill as well.
Just a simple question to the Japanese people or anyone good at the Japanese language...
1-How much Kanji syllables should I memorize before I'd be able to start reading anything?
Some international travelers stay in Tokyo, and I am often asked to guide them to Tokyo tower.
Could anyone please help me with the interpretation of this simple sentence?
How could you, if you were I.
Don't hesitate to ask me to add you to my friends if you want to exchange green patch plants!
The right picture was the second tea.
Wave dynamics,__ thermodynamics (particularly wave thermodynamics), everything about physics makes me confused.
If you do your best and make the most your of talents, you will able to turn your dream into reality.
Iya-na ichinichi/ hi da..
to omoi mashita.
Kinou-ha tomodachi to aka (I) wain wo nomimashita.
Takusan (no) mizu wo kono jikan kara nomikomi/ nomihoshi mashita.
Tenki/ kion ha mo tsumetaku nai desu dakara yuki ga mo furimasen.
Boku no bunpou no tame ni..
Ima ha mada kurisumasu turi-wo katteimasen.
Yasumu ha uchi de sugoshimasu, motto motto jikan koko ni kakarimasu.
mo sono jikan desu.
boku no bunpou..
totemo hen na bunpou desu..
dakara mouichido sumimasen.
Mo motto motto ganbarimasu, Sa..
So, I am going to study, and improve my skills in English.
If I learned Japanese the way I learned English, I'll grasp Japanese quite effortlessly. I'm not really worried about writing or talking in Japanese.
Today, I went to Azuki museum in Himeji with my sister.
(Then) I went to eat lunch at a to curry shop.
I ate butter chicken curry.
It was really delicious!!
We have studied English for at least for 6 years.
I think haven't studied speaking (languages?) enough before.
Then it became my work.
If I had wanted to improve my English, I should've written even one sentence.
I am working as a mechanic at a big chemical plant.
It's dangerous because different emergencies and accidents are usual events in our plant.
I thought that I would work seither thenightshift or thedayshift.
He probably wouldsay you hadhurt him, either you take him to thehospital check-in or give himsome money.
Wait for further news.
That time I could use English.
Even though people think I have many opportunities to use English, the only chance I can use English is just when reading English news/ messages from the/ our head quater.
You will do great things and surely triumph.
Starting to study English
I was looking for an English school on the internet.
But I can't find a good teacher.
My family is going to grandmother's house.
I am searching for a good English teacher.
let me tell you a funny, maybe not funny to everybody (but I couldn't care less, it's my journal so if you don't like it, piss off) story.
anyways, she looked so amazing and dignified; in a nutshell, you could say that she was like an angel.
not a big deal, you could just simply say ``he was impotent`` or ``he had a problem with his sex life`` or maybe ``he couldn't get an erection``,
Especially, the grammar, which is very difficult (for me).
To improve my English, I borrowed a magazine from my friend.
I am going to Naeba with my friend Megumi and some foreign people for 15 days!!
I can read English newpapers and books without big problems, and made a big improvement in listening.
To me, my love for the novels, movies, and characters, the happiness or even the tears they have brought to me will never change.
I cooked Tandoori chicken with my friends at the cooking class. Last week one of my friends asked me, let's go to cooking class together. I wanted to learn how to cook Tandoori chicken. I decided to try it.
It was very delicious when I cooked it. (^ ^)
Because of this pollen (I'm allergic to this), I have to wear a mask which is used by doctors in procedures
And, the order, starting from nearest to the brain, is the cerebrum, the brain stem (the vital center), the spinal cord (this is the end of the central nervous system) and the peripheral nervous system (the nervous below spine).
People who begin learning in our school are very rude, bossy and greedy.
Normal people of Japan couldn't meet them in life.
It is the common story of Mito Koumon:)
My college classes start earlier than my friend's and I am hopeless.
Moreover, declaration of the Fair Trade Commission of Korea played a decisive role in Lotte Mart's unconditional surrender.
The commission said it will investigate whether the conglomerate had violated the Fair Trade Act by selling chickens at an unfairly low price.
Today my class teacher was from Scotland.
In the classe, he said 'Have you a pen?'.
They use gerunds for mainly three type of things.
First sentence, he was smoking, but he quit.
They broadcasts international news.
It made me feel so comfortable.
In Japan, I can't imagine every adult wearing helmets when they ride their mama chairs.
I wasn't strong enough to press the power button.
There is one bottel of peanut butter in my kitchen.
Especially as lang-8 is faster than before; its previous speed was slow and frustrating. This was actually one of my excuses for not doing any writing.
In my point of view it's very good to support such a project which helps the urban poor in Africa's largest cities to adapt to chellenges posed by the changing environment.
People there are very poor. They don't have enough food and water, and this is, in my opinion, caused by the colony politic. Especially England's colony politic. Because in those days everything that was planted in Africa, for example fruit trees, after a harvest, were transported to England. Minerals like gold or diamonds that were found there were, along with food, transported to England.
However, I'm happy everyday
Your input will be very much appreciated.
The drama e commemorates the 600th anniversary of King Tilokarat.
It was quite a good opportunity to view the drama, and we also donated the proceeds to the student fund.
My freinds stayed at my house.
It's 3am and I am still awake.
it's not that complicated. perhaps I am the one who messes thing up even if it doesn't seem (?) to be important or serious.
some moron came to me late this afternoon and said ``you are a failure, I really don't think you will achieve anything worthwhile in your entire god damn fucking life``.
Studying English
There were many people waiting in line, including me.
But my foreign friends often point them out to me.
It's design [] was so-so, but I liked its shape a lot.
Phew, perhaps I shouldn't get anything with English words on it in Japan before I go to Australia.
If you're interested in Japan, please feel like to ask me a question (about it).
In the morning, I went to the office.
I'm studying at a university of technology, so I don't have many English classes, and I don't want to forget this language.
TOEFL listening section is quite difficult
We are looking (forward) to (their) promotion.
Trying to practice with yourself and (with) others to improve this skill is a beneficial method.
As far as I know, the main purpose in conducting them is for human beings.
He said that at times, he had to kill molmots (?) or guinea pigs for operations or dissections, if I recall correctly.
Am I right in thinking that veterinarian's profesion is to save animals but kill animals even if the animals are guinea pigs?
Then I had muscle ache.
But I don't forget to drink beer.
While she was out, I came into the house and hid in the box which my mother-in-law had prepared before.
I have a wide variety of friends from university. They are brain surgeons, gastroenteritis, respiratory, pediatric, pathologist.
Cause I really hate pressure.
As I have finished my exams and university semester, therefore I have more time in the morning, and I can write a more posts in English.
I switched on my favorite radio station.
So, I think that my post is finished.
For example: Slumdog millionaire, 2012, etc.
Then, I played tennis.
But, when I practiced tennis, I injured a foot.
Because, I didn't do stretches.
Korean grammar is similar to Japanese grammar.
I mean, because it was a comedy, the only important thing was whether it was funny or not.
Thanks for reading.
I was surprised that people from Lang-8 are so kind and polite. Anyway, I'd like to say thanks to my new friends.
I went to hospital and I knew I had little sick...
In order to get a share in the Japanese SNS market, Facebook should focus less on having users upload their personal information to get rid of this unique resistance from the Japanese population.
I like coffee when the weather is gloomy or rainy.
At those times coffee is more delicious.
Parfait was huge....
The Yakult Swallows, my favorite baseball team, beat the Chyunichi dragons.
Shouting the player's names, singing fight songs and cheering can reduce stress in daily life!
Tomorrow is the junior student's play in the drama club.
I haven't even read the script of it, so I'm really looking forward to it!
I've been there for...
I suppose this place is one of the most wonderful places in the world!
Look at the mountains...
You are simply staying on the beach looking at endless sky and high mountains and smiling because life is a good thing =)
April is the start of the new semester in Japan.
``Of course,`` he said. ``Please?``
Here is the topic: ``Does the government have to spend taxes for UFOs?``
``For Japanese people, when we think about what an UFO is, most people probably think UFO is an`` Unidentified Flying Object ``or`` Unidentified Aerial Phenomena ``.
I think it should go to pension after we retire or scholarships for students....
Recently I bought an iPad, and I'm looking for the best application and the best way to learn English.
I like drinking a lot, and I usually only sleep for five or six hours a night.
It's my first text/ entry on this site.
In Japan, junior students start to hunt a job and get the job until they are seniors.
In the Philippines, they start looking for a job after they graduate from the University.
I think it's very hard for Filipinos.
I went to drink at the bar with my friend in the city.
I'm so thankful to him every time.
Actually, he looked older than the last time I met him, about ten years ago.
Perhaps I can apply for the working visa here in the UK and get some working experiences in a different culture from that of Japan.
Saying ``What can I do?`` thing, I might sound a bit pessimistic and seem like I have a lack of self-esteem, but I am actually not that worried.
<Character Description>
I asked him what had happened, he answered ``nothing``.
I presented a necklace to her one year ago.
Summer Events
There are many kinds of summer events in Japan.
We have to forego summer events this year in Japan because of the earthquake.
I think summer events give us energy.
My family and I went to a Chinese restaurant to celebrate Mother's Day.
Mum thank you!!
You are the best Mum.
This weekend I will go to Shizuoka to make a speech about my research.
It's quite interesting and I would recommend it.
Before coming to Toronto, one of my friends who once studied here told me
Of course, my host is very friendly and their meals are good!
``I read a newspaper on the Web.``
But, I feel confident that I won't get swine flu, because I almost never catch colds.
I've given her a present for her birthday; that was 5 days ago.
It's a wall clock, where Winnie-the-Pooh is drawn (we like nice things).
I'm looking forward to meeting my host mother.
And then, she made a decision to lose weight.
She succeeded at losing weight 30kg and getting her ideal job, which is an editor at a fashion magazine.
All employees have to evaluate themselves.
``Did you communicate with colleagues and customers
I want to communicate with them too.
And finally I'll travel around the world!
Yesterday was comfortable.
I went to the elementary school that I graduated from a long long time ago.
On the cherry tree, I could escape the sunshine and feel the nice wind.
I'm a little nervous because I have never taken TOEFL before.
It's my favorite meal, especially kimchi!
The title is a bit long.
These days, I have been feeling lonely.
He is in graduate school.
I think remembering other people's name and calling them by their name is very important.
When it comes to remembering people's names, we try to make excuses saying, ``I am busy doing my own jobs, I don't have enough time to remember people's names`` or ``How can I remember everyone's names.``
holiday season is coming!!
But he said in gentle and low voice ``don't worry about that, just always try to do your best, and don't make any excuses in your life.`` He said a lot on our way home. He said I should be braver, and life always rewards the courageous.
I need to sleep!!
But actually, I forget lots of english, my own english skill is getting worse and worse.
So maybe, it is a good opportunity to study again.
Criticism about Japanese Working Condition
Before they work in Japan as an immigrant or temporary worker, they need to know about how weird Japanese working condition is.
Japanese 3rd year university students generally do jobhunting in order to get a job from autumn.
They register in this site to check up-to-date information about the companies they want to join.
I think it is strongly weird to prepare for jobhunting while they are studying in university.
Starting job hunting from 3rd year is too early for both the students and the universities, I suppose.
We take 1 to2 hour lessons about what the company's vision is, what kind of people work in the company, what kind of people they need.
They have to struggle to simultaneously do job hunting and write thesis.
He said ``I didn't want to work in Japan next year because of its weird workplace.
If you can speak English and have specialties, try to work in America.
I'm fed up with the Japanese working place (condition) lol before I work there.
It's brutal but nobody changes this random phenomenon.
Why don't they go home early? They are being observed by supervisor.
In order to be promoted, they cannot go home before the supervisor goes home.
So if the supervisor is a kind of workaholic, you can go home at 10 o 'clock, even more, you might have to spend time in the workplace.
I heard that Japanese productivity per person is lowest among advanced countries.
How hard they work is hard to evaluate under the Japanese working system.
If the evaluation system goes well in Japan, nobody stays late.
Watching Mamma Mia
unbelievable, you never know what would happen around you, maybe that's the reason why our world is so colorful.
That reading give me some pleasure and I decided to take the title of this book for my nickname.
I will write a journal because I decided to do everyday.
today's menu was chicken, steak and croquettes!
Please check my sentences.
Afterward I could play better than before it happened!
Hllo! Hello!
I thought that I haven't seen any good powder snow good enough for snowboarding this season compared to what I'm seeing snow in Tokyo.
We did our best to make these questions but we are not sure that the sentences are grammatically correct.
If you are correct our sentences, I really thank you.
(D) She stood still on the spot.
I heard that the new place is the most exclusive building in this area.
We saw The Pirates Of The Caribbean.
It's about pirates looking for a fountain of treasure and they battle other pirates.
I've never seen The Pirates series.
Of course, I like studying English, but I think studying the mother language is more important because it becomes the basis for all subject such as mathematics.
Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently slid (or glided) from the yard of my house into my bedroom.
Of course not, but I don't think they should be killed, because their massive existence is due to our massive exploitation of natural resources.
My family doesn't think my way of thinking is appropriate for a country where not only rats, but also mosquitos and fleas become a great enemy if you don't control them.
So, I finally decided to take my umbrella and I slid its end under the sofa, and then...
it quickly escaped to his headquarters...
Meanwhile, I am a bit paranoid, because I just think that it escaped somehow and it's looking for meeeeeee...
Tonight I'm keep writing about my favorite characters.
Well, the mysterious stuff, black clothes, mask, cape, every one likes.
Also the idea that not to become like his enemies, he doesn't have to kill them, but he knows they will kill again.
Of course, it is nothing compared to Aristotle or Montesquieu but whatever, Batman's also fun. Mainly fun, by the way.
In the future, I want to be a teacher in junior high or high school, but before that I am planning to go to Australia or New Zealand for my master's degree.
It includes action, mystery, and partners who trust each other.
I got up in this early morning because it was terribly cold.
Ok, knowing that categorical vocabulary is getting more important than it was before, I take the responsibility to memorize them with a more efficiency.
'' Was my brother reluctant to get up at three in the morning? ''
It seems everything is the same as yesterday.
3 Fujikyu highland (there is the highest roller coaster in Japan)
It requires patience and a lot of time.
The more new knowledge one learns,
the more confident he will be.
Live for myself, live happily every day.
And the teacher also said to us, ``Practice your presentation skills.``
By the way, speaking pumpkin, Halloween is coming soon!!
For this reason, a heavy equipment company asked me to inquire about a special air conditioner for a fork lift.
I will entry about some of our habits and what's normal in life for my Blog, hope all of you can interested in my Blog.
Usually, I practice golf at other golf driving ranges.
I couldn't get up early this morning.
The government promises to have an election this November just to pretend to be democratic.
It is utterly ridiculous!
I have already left the country, but am wondering how long the Myanmese people should put up with this period of hardship.
The Photographs Of Before and After the Earthquake
Here, you can see the satellite photos of theTohoku area of Japan, before and after the big earthquake.
For example, who will wash the bathroom and restroom?
Others say that some children tend to watch too much, which has a bad influence on them.
In Japan, TV programs are highly developed and devised, culture and languages can be shown through the device.
Even if people do not visit book stores or shops, and they spend plenty of money on transportation, they can study culture and languages with pictures.
Moreover, people learn kanji with famous people such as artists and talents.
Thus, the level of interest in programs teaching kanji increases dramatically.
But I didn't recognise the number....
And 1 guy disappears.
Nadeshiko Japan is the reigning champion of the world cup.
I saw a lot of people who came to perform Hajj.
I enjoyed seeing different shapes and colours from all over the world.
Because of it, most of the cherry blossoms haven't come out yet.
It can be cooked in many different ways.
In the West, people often boil it and eat it with salt and butter.
So sometimes my elder sister treated me as like a slave or her follower.
This year, I experienced big events in my life, job hunting, a journey to England and graduation from university.
I wasn't happy at university because it was boring for me.
I wanted to go anywhere abroad to study English and I wanted to know a different culture.
that is why I went to England with my friends this year for a short period.
I wanna speak with foreign people someday.
He was bored and he was always looking for food.
I thought he was poorly taken care of.
Although he looks like a stray dog, he is the coolest dog for me.
I was surprised because I often parked there instead of parking in the parking lot by now.
It is weird because I don't see thered line marked along the street, so I don't know why it is illegal to park there.
I was moved by that scenery because many of these flags seemed to be a part of peoples 'soul.
So, my sentences are likely to have become unnatural and bookish in style.
Rather, it's better to say that I'll find enough strength to postpone other matters for studing English, especially improving my writing skills.
And the same day, I arrived at Heathrow, England.
Originally I'm not good in English, and additionally Japanese learn American English in school.
But she recommend a more special one for me.
I guessed special means better but more expensive.
But I couldn't reject it, because it has already been done.
And I have decided that I have to check the price before the order!!!
The writer is a Taiwanese woman who married a Pakistani guy. She shares her experiences of Pakistan in the book.
``I think that this book is interesting, because I have a Pakistani friend, but I am a bit curious and don't know what the culture of Pakistan is like.
Oh! My daughter has woken up, which means another blatting (?) day has begun!
So I planned a trip another prefecture.
In Japan Silver stands for our elders so this long vacation is called Silver week.
I love apples and bananas.
I was excited at the curling game, actually, it was my first time watching it.
But I don't have anything like that.
* working sample can be seen here on the original blog*
to one's best advantage
Today, I turned in an analysis report about myself to my teacher in the morning.
Lastly, I ate a delicious cake and that was end of my birthday ~ ~
I've been studying English for a long time and used to read in English but I'm still a bad English speaker and/ or writer...
Hair color and cut
My front hair was cut about 3 to 4 cm.
I'm looking forward to reading it in English.
I made a date with my friend, but she is not the same person I had the chicken conversation with.
its giving us a hard time and makes me feel so lonely because everybody is so busy these days and I haven't found anyone else who is gonna live with me after they leave.
I want to feel relieved and comfortable at my home without any worry, and have great japanese food and just get a nice and hot bath.
its gonna be so much fun definitely!
Actually he always helps me a lot and is sincere to me,
The pavement was extremely slippery, so I couldn't walk [[very]] fast without risking an accident.
If they had enough money to live, would they still work?
He carried a notebook with him, believing that he could analyze the winning number.
This mystery might not be able to be solved until dying.
And they all said that the cabbage I cooked was delicious! This is a great success! They gave me the courage to learn more about cooking.
To begin with, I change the ingredients of ozoni, chicken or beef.
By the way, I have a ``MEDIA SKIN`` produced by au.
She has a great voice and wonderful pronunciation even though she caught a cold.
Because it has gradually become colder these days and I need it to keep me warm.
When riding on a motorcycle, I feel colder than when I'm walking.
I study English.
I don't like one of the vice-presidents of my current company because he usually doesn't talk to me except when he needs some tea when his guests arrive.
He always says that he needs to get a high score on the TOEFL because he's going to a foreign university.
It leaves me relaxed and comfortable,
Though I studied English a lot, the score was the worst ever.
That's because, recently, I found a nearer subway station than the one I usually go to.
This year I'll try writing every_ day to improve my English.
I know that I make a lot of mistakes but with the help of my friends I can/ will become able to write better than last year.
Because, I am a computer programmer.
I'm optimistic ha ha ha.
I went to the disco where my senior resident living in my dormitory was DJing.
I tried it again for the second time but I couldn't do it like the first time. I tried it again till I decided to go to bed.
Next, I went to the drug store tobuyinsectcide.
that I don't know the types ofinsects, so I bought insecticide that is effective on all types of insects.
He loves theatre and all music, from classical to rock....
[BG] A Thai client wants to sent a sample to my colleague, and ask him to fill out a form which needs to be submitted to the Customs (Office) of Thailand.
My heart is full of sunshine,
I'm eating dinner in chinese restaurant near my office.
I just stayed for 3 months, but I think I learned many things...
If I have a chance, I want to visit the Philippines again.
my friends, teachers, and Korean friends.....
When we are learning foreign languages, we are liable to think we shouldn't use our mother tongues often.
I thought I had a talent for drawing.
What collapses our lives is definitely our negative thoughts.
I have to attend some class that has practical training at the industrial firm.
I applied near my home.
Nowadays, lots of big companies like LG, Samsung and so forth want more variety and special experiences.
Sometimes my dream changes.
They are able to remember words faster than adults.
This lecture gives listeners how amazing the faculty of their language and raises a question how children learn languages so well.
My class and club students enjoyed it very much.
Japanese call it ``syouyu``.
Because I don't know about logical constitutions in English.
The match is between the Rockets and the Bulls.
Usually we have class on weekdays and no free time for surfing the Internet.
Because of their negligence, 5 patients got HIV infected unexpectedly by taking an HIV infected donor's kidneys, lungs, heart and liver.
Now not only do the 5 patients have great pain over this error, but also those doctors and nurses who did the transplants surgery were not aware of the fact in advance.
Diary: Adapting a recipe
There is a plum tree in my yard.
When I was a child, it looked small and weak.
So I was very excited when I read the news about Haneda airport, the closest airport to Tokyo that has opened a new terminal for international flights.
Today, Haneda starts its flight service to major cities around the world.
I heard from my friend that her friend was lost in the earthquake and I felt sorry about that.
One time in Thailand we had a tsunami that struck people around the beach who were swimming, many people were killed by that.
I can study about vocabulary by a reading reference book.
I wish I could have an air conditioner in my room...
Actually it should be gradually getting cooler after mid-August,
We've got to be very careful and stay hydrated.
It's not related to today's topic, but I need to mention that a bad thing happened this morning...
I have to work hard on my experiments and application for the graduate school these next few days.
In nowdays we have so many informations, what we hear in the radio, see in the TV and read in the Internet.
If you are interested in it, maybe we could follow it together.
Take this diary for example, I have written it for about three months because I'd like to improve my English skills.
In summer, watermelon is my favorite fruit.
In my opinion, it is rare for such a big event to be held in China, so I should take the chance to visit the expo.
Since I love travelling so much I faced many problems in order to have a good time.
When I look at the pictures that I took during the trip, I remember all the happy memories.
Some people are singing a bit out of tune.* euphemism* But I must admit that it's far more amusing to hear someone sing out of tune then someone who sings beautifully.
Ahem...
They believe in their voices, although it's so obvious that they can't sing!
And ``Eastern Plays`` is a Bulgarian film.
This decision might change my life.
I played baseball from my childhood.
My appetite often disappears when there is a lot of load to take care of.
Every time I raised my head, I would feel like I was sinking.
Third, I watched a video about a cute kid who likes to recite poetry.
On the Wa-tokei, the day and night are each divided into six parts.
Although Taiwan is not a Christian country, we like to celebrate this meaningful day as well.
And I ate a beef steak and a chicken steak:D
I haven't eaten beef for a long time!
I guess that the air is leaking from the torn cushion every time you sit down.
It seems that the suspect did not miss shoot.
At that time, I lived with my host family.
They have three small kids.
They must have felt more scary than me.
The thing I like about my university is that the whole education system is based on the one in the US, and that we have some professors from different countries. It's all about getting a good start.
Never say never is a good song and it inspires me to hang on.
Every classroom has a very large TV set.
My university is in Xian but my hometown isn't.
He told me lots of things to say in order to have a successful blind date.
However, very luckily, I could escape from this snow.
Consequently, it was not easy to concentrate on work.
That will be a big lose if you have never been to Tainan.
It's really difficult for me in this process.
I'm studying English at university, and I want to study Korean language next year.
In addition, starting the day's work early in the morning is a healthy lifestyle.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I have made the right decision to go there.
It is very comfortable.
My teacher started writing on whiteboard to explain something.
Or is it accidental?
So I will study Reading and Writing
hard work is hard work... (???)
His father died of old age, and so three co-workers and I went to Busan yesterday.
I'm working at a company related to the financial industry.
As soon as possible, I want to speak English fluently and write sentences in proper English.
I was waiting in the parking lot for cars to leave so I could park my car.
When you've finished something, another thing comes soon the next minute.
American football is very hard, but very interesting and exciting in terms of high sophiscated tactics.
What is most exciting in the American football game is hard TACKLE!!
it is one of big skarte boarding races in the world.
That's so amazing!
I was so excited! I can't believe that such players exist!
Fortunately, my wife and all my family were alright.
I have been preoccupied with the news of earthquake and radiation released from the Fukushima nuclear plant for the past week.
To be honest, I'm a bit worried about the situation surrounding Japan.
We practice using Japanese chopsticks properly.
It's really hard to explain in English, and it's very difficult for students to use them that way, because they are not familiar with it.
One student asked me why I could use it so properly, and I told him because I am Japanese.
Can you use chopsticks properly?
Well this moment I (space) am receiving English classes I would like to improve my English, because this way I will possibly pass the exam.
I'm 29 years old man who also love basketball, soccer, drinking wine and Hugh Grant's humor sense.
I realised that Usagi-chan and me have a lot in common, so I understand my friend's comparison between me and her, and why they gave me the name:
Usagi-chan is very clumsy: I am extremely clumsy, too.
I was interrupted and couldn't keep myself studying.
He was mad at my coming keeping him from watching the climax; I also expressed my rage at the noise about the TV stopping me from my studying and I hoped that he could turn off the TV.
I told her that I will accompany her to see a doctor tomorrow. We will go to the hospital at a half past seven tomorrow morning.
My house was damaged and flooded from the earthquake and tsunami.
I attended the conference about the next officer's exam.
After all, I hope to be a officer.
Though we also use Chinese characters, it is very difficult to understand.
The pronunciation is especially hard to get it.
Clean Up
It is warmer here than Tokyo.
I believe this website is very useful, especially for english and mandarin chinese learners.
Thanks for your reply of a few lines.
So I can't write in this diary these days and I'm a little bit disappointed about this.
When he kicked a wall of a building, a man noticed and confronted him about his act.
I want to practice English.
Basically, they are more than 5 minutes long.
But you will not be bored because they are stunning and fascinating with vivid words and melodies.
I was a little tired, but I still enjoyed fishing.
Hiei, where I dated with my first girlfriend while in university. That mountain, even now, makes me a little sentimental.
I started running a month ago.
Running refreshes me.
I am going to university.
Today my classes are ``Social Policy of EU,`` ``German`` and ``Sociology.``
But she is too capricious and hot tempered for me.
Last night, after the Celebration of Chinese New Year, I text him, ``Happy new year, and I love you!``
No rejection, no contentment.
I took my daughter to the place where this party was held.
My wife also had a year-end party with her colleagues.
A typhoon is coming.
By the way, one of my front teeth is fake and it became loose recently.
After this, a new special lecture will start.
We decided to eat roast pork belly.
Today, after lunch, I was watching the news on the internet while I was drinking coffee.
I was very interested and, I registered to it immediately.
It is universally acknowledged that a pile of things have happened in China!
When it was Feb. in 2008 in most areas of China it snowed heavily.
It experienced a lot.
So many things were destroyed.
Buidings, plants etc.
It shocked China.
The 29th olympics was held successfully in the capital of China.
What made the Chinese sad is the absence of Liuxiang who was gave the most expect. (?)
This month I'm very busy because I have to do many things.
It about the school festival, I'm a leader of it; English and Korean studying etc.
So, If you want to become my penpal, please send me a
The Lang-8 system is a Japanese site but seventy percent of the users are foreigners.
If we recited a sutra once, we would live peacefully in the next world.
I had nothing to do today.
Therefore, today's diary is very very short.
Tomorrow, I want to write a diary with no Japanese thinking.
Sunday wants come...
My part time job is as a coffee shop assistant.
because, person not doing anything/ doing nothing
I like to make people happy, I am reliable and I have a strong sense of responsibility.
In my job, I succeeded to make repeat customers by meeting their needs.
Finally, we decided to accept his request, although it was risky and we waited for his answer till the morning of the first day of event as he wanted us to do.
I really appriciate the kindness and courtesy from him after the event.
But as for intermediate class study free-talking so even if it will be beyond me, I want to try it.
I recommended an LG phone as it is cheaper than other ones, but she wanted a SAMSUNG phone.
Thanks to her stubborn attitude we spent '5 hours' looking for an internet shop that sold the cheapest one.
If the government had more support for safe energy, I think we would be able to meet more energy needs.
I'm really looking forward to that day:D
I knew this site because of AERA English and I'm interested in this site.
My husband has entered for the full marathon but he hasn't run such a long distance in his life!
I don't want to participate in any marathon definitely.
I thought that possibly his English is better than mine, but why didn't he directly call the American department rather than the Japanese department? If he is in America, he should call the American department in English; so, probably his English is not very good.
Having a conversation with a native speaker on the phone can be extremely difficult.
They were so old that the corners of them were limp and it was difficult to fold them into a rectangular shape.
The sewing machine is my mother's and its old and yellowish.
I recommend it.
He sometimes made me read sentences or words and teased me in front of other students.
There instructors always cheer me up when I can't say what I want to say.
My mother-tongue is Spanish so If you are interested in learning my language please be confident about contacting me:) and If you speak English, we can share our knowledge:)
For example, ``I would write diary everyday.`` I would never drink alcohol again. ``Today I would study more than 12 hours everyday.``
If you do it, nobody controls you. ``
According to him, a very kind Japanese guy showed him how to use a public bath.
It was very very delightful, because it was for the first time for me to have been quoted and reblogged.
When I put on a skirt, it wouldn't fit...
The Japanese labor market for teleworkers and SOHO (small office home office) is still small.
I often see some ducks, so I took some pictures of them.
Yesterday I posted an article about a museum, and nobody in this website could correct it. The title of that comes from Tofel, but I really don't think that's a hard thing to do!
My friend and I went to Dazaifu Tenmangu shrine and Rakusuien.
I bought Umegae-mochi (A-branch-of-plum mochi) on the street in Dazaifu Tenmangu shrine.
Adults will pay 3000 yen (junior and high school students: 2300 yen, elementary-aged children: 1400 yen) to go up to an observation deck 450 meters above the ground.
Hahaha chihuahuas are too funny.
Generally, people think that it is wrong to look at the past, but it amuses me.
My weekend plans.
My weekend plans are to do my part-time job.
The whole time, happiness was flowing across my cousin's face.
But for now, I simply wish that my cousin will live a happy life in the future and have a lovely baby some time.
Although I read the book so slowly and don't understand it all, someday I hope I can read fluently.
I believe that.
How about Britain??
Please check my English!!
There were many believers and tourists visiting the famous temple.
However, in high schools, we can't choose our classes, same as middle, and elementary schools.
So, the Australian government granted him citizenship
If students go to class and learn, according to school requirements, shouldn't those students be allowed to express themselves in clothing?
If school administrators would just grant us some freedom in dress, we'd feel better in the classroom and be better citizens in the future.
As per our Chinese tradition, you can tell other people you are pregnant until the baby is 3 months.
Last Saturday, I got her phone call in early morning, I was wondering why she called me at 7: 00 am.
I really want to be a good English speaker and writer.
Some applications of I pod are very useful for me to learn more English vocabulary and sentences.
Do you agree with it?
Oh, I forgot to mention that our team had 5 members and I was the 2nd (second) one to do the presentation.
We were required to do a team task (``do a work`` is incorrect) to fix two problems---who has an apple tree in his yard?
Everyone of us were given 6 sheets which had different information and were told that we could communicate with others using words, but couldn't show others our own sheets or make notes.
some example sentences are welcome.
I was freaked out and started checking the list of the recipients.
I'll go out since It's been a few days since I've gone out, because of the hard rain and strong wind of the typhoon.
So! I just returned made from the business trip to Hiroshima.
They worked for my parent's small resort facility, but the building was destroyed by the Tsunami and they lost their jobs.
So they came to Tokyo and began to look for a part time job.
It's my responsibility to help them look for a job and feed them until they get their jobs.
My English listening and speaking is very poor; this usually spoils my job.
There are so many bad things happening everyday.
Things have happened, and the effect will not change whether you stress or relax.
I mean it's kind of a trauma.
Since we are talking about character, I don't believe a single judgement can be made.
It depends on the individual whether it is his family or his social acquitances who carry more weight on his decisions and behaviour.
After they go through the first years of their adult life, youngsters usually turn back to their families looking for support and advice.
It examined Royma Sakamoto, who was an historical person during the Edo period.
It's different from Starbucks.
Since then, intricate networks of power lines and utility poles have become prevalent in a short time together with human residences.
The variety of neon lights from dwellings illuminated a part of scenery through the window.
In Okinawa, at night, the sky is studded with twinkling stars that described innumerable constellations.
Now the beauty of the neon light from human civilization are replacing the beauty of the light of the stars.
I ordered ``Today's Lunch Special``, which consists of a chicken gratin with salad and toasts and, one drink after a meal.
Because the first time I watched the movie was at the height of (the) summer.
But I can't quit this habit.
Actually, I am a little worried about my financial situation even though I like hot pot very much.
We went to an all you can eat restaurant, and the price was NT550 per person, which is an equal to 15 us dollars.
Because the restaurant is too popular, we had to wait for like a half hour.
The Taiwanese guy asked my students's phone number, and she gave it to him.
They are friendly to foreigners especially to white people and will seize every chance to make friends with them.
When we said goodbye, my friends told me, ``This is the last time we can see you until you come back to Japan from the UK``.
I was moved so much that I was about to cry.
I realized I have wonderful friends and I should enjoy anything that will happen.
We hope that you'll enjoy these new features, and that they will help make Lang-8 an even more vibrant language learning community with a uniquely social appeal!
I'm studying English, because I love foreign countries.
Because I gained weight; about 2 kg, which is totally intolerable!
My appetite is kind of...
I was just wondering if this nightmare is because of my bad eating habits or the outcome of me working out at the gym.
lol But what really makes me nervous is that I
rapidly gained weight.
I know it sounds silly for boys to care about how much weigh is but that's what some of Japanese boys have on their mind sometime!
Yet the professor always says that it is ``ok``.
In English
It was not possible to go to Nanodee sea.
I'm going to Ueno Park which has a lot of cherry blossoms and is famous for them and have a party with my friends this weekend.
I'm a planner working at a web service company which supports small retail businesses emerging in e-commerce.
and I arrived in the city after 30 minutes.
There was a lot of delicious food.
When I am enjoying listening to music on my iPod (actually, it was a podcast), she told me that she felt like getting an iPod for herself too this morning.
After I had pancakes which host family wife made, I hung around the neighborhood.
I asked AU about the charges but their answer was ``I don't know, ask the local cellphone company``. So I speculated that Rogers would handle this problem, but they had no idea about the charges.
But I could check some ingredients like thin pork, onion, potato and carrot, for Nikujyaga which is a japanese cooking recipe.
I promised to treat my host family to it someday.
But nothing happened actually.
So I didn't cut corners.
so I made and intended to print it out soon,
When I cultured plants to test tubes, I have to heat the tip of Erlenmeyer flask with sterilized water.
And I sprayed alcohol to my gloves to sterilize them.
I want to try doing experiments carefully from today.
I wish this happiness could last longer.
The cakes were tomato cream cake, banana cream cake, and custard cream cake.
Custard cream cake is coordinative with americano.
A survey says that one can't just love only one person in life.
It is said in that survey, the average amount of times people ``fall in love`` in the UK is 13.
This survey really gives these facts!
I think it is because one may be attracted by different points or attractiveness of different people.
feisty...
I'm glad if you can tell me the meaning of ``feisty``.
Maybe she was scared of my voice and was worried about me.
However, I've just gotten well.
In addition, walking around and hiking around parks and collecting flowers and some plants are also good example.
There were some Chinese some Thai and some Japanese.
Because I have stayed in Hong Kong and Australia for a few months as a student, I remembered feeling so free then, as compared to now.
It is a pity that I cannot get back there, but I hope and expect that I might be able to work at an overseas branch office someday.
I tagged ``my cat`` on my facebook cause I like this title.
Because this title makes me laugh.
Nowadays the cold weather defies description.
But sometimes I cannot follow (the) cultural differences between Holland and Japan, especially being naked in public such as a street or a park.
Besides, I don't like sashimi.
However, those factors also make rafting very exciting.
But when I meet a foreign friend, I don't know how to give an information in English.
actually, I had confidence about my English skills, and it's true.
But only with grammar...
I've been thinking that Korean and Japanese are very varied and highly developed in respectful words, on the other hand, English doesn't have any respectful words.
article.
Then, I dreamed I went back to Japan but I felt bored so I came back to Malta and I started a job at a souvenir shop...
Many people think that Japanese cats generally eat fish.
I must pass the exam and continue to state university.
For lunch, I cooked an omelet containing fried rice.
He told me everything is ok, but there are no trains running just after the earthquake occurred, so she was on her way back home.
I hope everyone in Japan is safe.
I write a diary in english and I have studied english for a long time.
I was sympathetic to the fact that creating a sustainable society means help from not only people in the government but everyone.
Although I think the trick to make it is difficult, it is very very important.
To be honest, I think what I said had some grammar and pronunciation mistakes.
Firstly, they are both the most important day in westen and easten countries.
Then I need to change all the address registations on cards, insurances and registrations associated with the internet.
So, My younger brother and I will invite our close relatives to a seafood restaurant.
If not, he would set fire to the home of the president of her agency.
They sent them to the hospital.
My mother and older sister scattered roasted soy beans all over the place.
It also took more time than I had expected to fill out the application forms.
I gradually am coming to love this school.
What should you do to make your dreams come true?
I do such as eating, sleeping and seeing people.
Today, I ate 3 sushi and miso soup at Melbourne Central Station near my English school.
One of my hobbies is flying RC planes.
I made a new RC plane.
The first flight was a nice flight but an accident occured on the third flight.
I corrected and evaluated the compositions of 20 examenees who took short-tempered Japanese training.
I want to ask of a. favour.
(Sorry, I don't know how to explain it in English.)
I transited at Taipei.
Fortunately, it was low water season so it wasn't much harder than I expected.
I love this season in Japan so much.
Teenagers spend all their spare time surfing the Internet instead of studying.
The point is: if you have the main concepts of a question, you can make any theory based on them.
I bought a pretty pair of& nbsp; hot pink shoes so I can wear the new shoes tomorrow.
I don't want to be pessimistic, but my current workplace was a bit weird...
Fortunately, with the progress in modern technology.
convenient... etc.
Housekeepers can store some in the refrigerator and quickly prepare the meals for the whole family.
frozen food technology and the new equipment allows people to
accessibility and the convenience helps these people a lot.
Critics may argue that the frozen food could have less nutrition or they cannot offer the balanced nutrition that people need daily to keep
In my opinion, it might be an old angle.
in the aspects of fastness, accessibility, convenience, safety... etc.
Electricity and water have been stopped in Ibaraki where I live 100 km north of Tokyo.
One of my favorite singers is Shouta Shimizu.
Now, a typhoon has hit the island.
They said that Americans support the underdog so they supported Nadeshiko Japan who were competing against the champion, the United States.
In Japan, there is no such word as ``underdog`` but there is the same spirit.
Eventually they became rich.
Today I have a/ the day off and I will try to spend it usefully. I will try not to be lazy and I will try to do what I'm planning for the day.
It's raining today. so I'm feeling gloomy.
It has been raining since this morning.
When I was looking for a hotel.
Blue seas, blue sky, seafood, a beach, sunshine, flowers, all of these are familiar to me, and days pass on very quickly.
The Tonkatu made in this shop was very delicious.
This makes them lazy in learning a foreign language later.
I will ask many questions and try to be friends with the teachers:)
I envy that Europeans allow (permit (?)) them to play music there. (Permit is okay)
She was helpless, crying out for help, and then, from the ashes, Harry Potter came to help her, using his spells and a magic broom to defend the scared lady!
But that which not even Harry Potter had expected, happened: Hermione came all the way from Hogwarts with her new husband, Ronnie, and killed Harry Potter in the worst way possible, with a broken heart.
I used to go out with my wife to visit galleries and
Because even if I don't know them personally, I felt their love and passion in their music.
When I speak and write English, I always feel the lack of my grammar skills.
We changed to another point.
so I went to ``home plus`` which is a kind of super market.
in the car returning home, I was happy:) I bought some apples, a headset, sparkling water and some pringles.
We had some bread for breakfast.
I decided to not use translator to look up how sentences should look.
She looked after us, told us many interesting things about life in Sweden, and introduced us to Swedish cuisine.
I love rice more than noodles.
I would go on dancing but I don't have enough money.
Every culture has their own traditional way of conducting their wedding ceremony and of course, we Koreans also have our own style.
Accessories like a ring, necklace and bracelet, hanbok, Korean traditional clothes, and more.
In the winter, you can go skiing.
Please say many comments!!!!!!!!!
I want to speak English fluently someday, and I want foreign country `s friends.
kanojo no oba ha (kanojo ni) okurimono wo. shimashita.
Kanojo ha kare no heya wo souji shimashita
Ototoi ajia kappu de nihon no sakka chiimu ha kankoku chiimu ni kachimashita
kinou no asa okaasan to issho ni isha ni (byouin ni) ikimashita.
soshite, sukoshi nihongo wo renshuu shimashita.
Onegai shimasu
We will make some sandwiches and salad.
I visited my friends house, and there were many people there.
I cooked some dinner for guys. Before cooking I left my watch on the table.
However, I'm not sure my watch was on the table.
We had dinner and enjoyed each others company and passed the time. Then, I wondered ``where is my watch?``
I was looking for my watch but I couldn't find it.
While I only bought it for 10 dollars.
I am really fond of this site!
The Chinese whiskey called PAISHU that my Chinese friend brought for me as a souvenir, is too heavy for me.
But my stomach was satisfied.
However there is one problem.
I already know about the problem, so I will try to be diligent.
Do you think that I can sleep enough tonight?
In such occasions, it helps to just say ``Dobin, Chabin, Hage-Chabin`` on the street in a loud voice.
It's Golden Week in Japan.
My research was in intellectual law, especially patent law
Of course my reserch was very difficult, but I loved it.
Therefore I decided to go to the Fukiware falls nearby.
For the first time, I know that Lang-8 is a good means of studying ENGLISH.
All the people in the village were very grateful and created this dance.
I feel so bad after getting angry.
Gundam seed destiny
Is he a clone of the armer polot army pilot (?) whose father is a heroic astronaut?
I had no plans to begin with so I went to school to check if the exchange list and the exam schedule was available yet.
Since there was a lot to talk about, I went with her to pick up her new passport and she accompanied me to the supermarket.
My friend which I was shopping with also does the same.
I was very amused because I really want to develop my English writing skills.
Awful...
I belonged to rhythmic gymnastics club.
Reading articles and books about astronomy, science and world business is also my favorite hobby.
We don't like them because they're good at all sports (football, tennis, cycling...).
They eat horrible things such as jelly or pudding, which is one of the most horrific nightmares for a Frenchman/ French person.
-Africans (black people in general): they are lazy, only good at athletics or football (and they're not technically-minded, they only run).
French in general: it's agreed that we strike, criticize, and complain too much.
And my car will be totaled after test-driving it!
I only hope that when she wants help, I will help her.
When I knew that some famous killers are affected by this book, it really interests me.
Secondly, I didn't understand well about why the book have such power at that age.
Last but not least, I like Holden's sister, Phoeby, very much!
Today, I have become a new member of lang-8, this is so exciting. It's very intersting. So many people from other countries, they all chat about language and exchange ideas. So we all can improve ourselves.
I used to be able to play the piano.
When I arrived at the studio, the cute staff took me to the reception and asked me to fill out a questionnaire.
I want to be a researcher.
Hi monkeys, you are welcome here, but please do not steal my food.
She is kind.
These seeds weed out other plants, so the diversity of nature will be changed.
If the diversity of plants is changed, the diversity of animals will also be changed.
The ecosystem will be destroyed by GM seeds.
If we change our lifestyle and are more interested in protecting our nature,
its content was meant to improve communication skills.
1) an eye opener for humans to see something amazing/ a way of entertainment.
We talk about how disgusting the teacher and the school are.
We all have no freshness for the new semester like before, everything is so familiar.
I was a system engineer in Japan, but I want to find another interesting job here.
I was so sleepy, I couldn't concentrate on class.
Being hit on
Me: No, Japanese girls use a lot of makeup!
Many girls make chocolate on their own to give it to their boyfriends.
But Korean girls are privileged because we have White day!
(So I personally think it is really girls who have the right and power to make a choice.) Sometimes boys give some accessories or other gifts with candy to their girlfriend (s).
But if you are in a relationship and say to your friends that you are not going out with your boy friend on Christmas holiday they would think it is a little weird.
Ah, this is a storybook for children.
(For me, this is better for languages like Korean, because study material is limited in my country).
They tried to talk to Japanese women, and never to Japanese men.
But conversation didn't last for very long.
yesterday I went to the supermarket.
I was surprised, so, I bought it.
Infact, I am a vegitarian.
I always eat carrots, broccoli and so on.
how about everyone?
I'm looking for new friends and practice English together.
I'm Korean, 24, female..
People who can't see themselves don't need help by a dog.
Rowling ``who is of course the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series.
I registered on this site because I want to learn English.
Anyway, I'm studying real English, recently....
Debut!
He acts that he really cares a buppy in the computer.
I wonder if I need to put them in the refrigerator or leave them on the counter.
It's going to come and take my
Tarot is a way of fortune-telling.
I'm a fortune-teller.
Fortune-tellers has a part of counselor.
So fortune-tellers need the ability to listen to other people's tellings.
Many people who need a fortune-teller have big problems.
If you want to be loved on sightby everyone, becoming a good listener is very important.
I have a violin competition tomorrow.
I bought iPod touch, but I don't know how to use it.
Am I lucky?
An important feature of phrasal verbs is that they are typically idiomatic.
Recently, I had a wonderful time.
I have discovered this website today, and, as I want to learn English for my job, I have decided that I will write one message every day in English.
But when I left home, the sun was shining brightly.
I'm going to send New Year's cards to my old friends as usual.
I will get on a bridge to see the first sunrise.
I have interest in language and cultures so I begin to study English,
although I can't speak English, French, Japanese I will never give up
So this is very difficult, but I want to speak in English very well.
So I want to find an exchange language friend. Let's be friends?
I have funny story about getting this nickname.
My name in Russian language can sound like Shura, which is consonant with this tasty food.
The dish is made from grapes juice and nuts, and looks like red sausage.
I have a blog.
You can insert the Google advertisement 'Adsense'.
That was a wonderful event.
I have to cook my father's dinner at once, because my mother is out on a business trip today.
Nobody is walking now.
I have been reading about the present perfect.
Have I learned how to form questions properly?
But I don't know how I should study English.
This is my first blog in this SNS.
In the end, the song we played live was LAST CHRISTMAS.
I was surprised to know the way different kinds of diets.
English grammar looks simpler than Polish, but it has many more prefixes and sufix (suffixes)-before and after any word.
The question was 'If you only had one year to live, what would you want to do?'.
However, if my life only lasts one year, I'd want to go to around the world by ship.
So I am studying English as a global language.
Especially, it has so many mountains.
I often walk near the mountains, and I am always moved to see beautiful nature,
I found I am very tired although I have done nothing.
We have to live separately for the next 2 years.
Yesterday, my wife and I enjoyed talking with Skype.
After I checked into/ After checking into the hotel, I went to Union Square to meet the private cable car that would take us to the dinner restaurant.
It has been a while since I've written here.
So please keep writing here and I will continue to support you.
I'm depressed.
Yesterday I lost my Polish-English phrasebook when I was buying coffee.
It is small, red, and it looks like a dictionary.
My wife is frugal, my children are well-behaved and cheerful.
I want to try to understand foreign people and get various
living in a strange country, and I have no confidence in my English.
I like The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, and Simon& Garfunkle.
to stand in the society.
and stayed loyal to Frodo although the latter misunderstood him.
The reason I went there was to buy some vegetables and other things.
New onions and potatoes are sold this season.
So, I bought them in the vegetable shop.
I also bought eggs, strawberries, milk and so on.
I was surprised at that there were so many people there on a Saturday moring.
I thought I wouldn't be able to go to my music club today but I could.
I went to the college's club house where I usually enjoy playing and listening to music.
But I am not surprised.
Why is it that I live in Australia but can't make one Australian friend?
On the way back home after finishinga whole day of study, I thought about my parents who are working damn hard tosupport me studying in Australia; I couldn't stopmyself crying.
They are 50 years old already but are still working 10 hours a day for their disappointing daughter who is a stupid burden....
and I'd like you to help me with Chinese.
Gender: male
Major: electronical engineering and computer science.
This are special plants, because they subsist from/ they survive off of vermin.
I have to achieve this goal before Chinese New Year, because I want to wear beautiful clothes, so I just have three months.
Why are neighboring countries like China and Korea developing, and why is the Japanese GDP falling???
Korean drama used to be famous in Japan a few years ago.
The first three days, we'll stay in Cairns.
Sometimes a student asks me some questions about the English grammar textbook.
It's raining today.
That's because I like sunbathing, swimming in the open air, and eating the freshest fruit.
I'm going to get wonderful bronze tan and a lot of unforgettable memories and good photos.
My name is shige.
Nice to meet you.
Because I want to study abroad and go to law school in America.
But my English skill is poor.
I decided to study English through this web site.
I used to commute by bike.
You are (all) invited to my Japanese style homemade cyber dinner party today.
Vermicelli soup-Seaweed and Okra
Oinari san-Rice ball wrapped in a thin slice of sweet flavored deep fried tofu.
Savory consomme Okra cold jelly
How can I control this emotion??
The nuclear power
Japan has been having trouble with the nuclear power.
We usually gather to admire the bright mid-autumn harvest moon and eat different flavours of mooncake.
If you have time to help me increase my vocabulary, I would really appreciate it.
I don't think we need that museum.
They are crazy and makes me frustrated!!
I watched a random episode of Friends and realized how much I loved the show when I was younger and I totally shipped Ross& Rachel, because I always thought they belong together.
It's because speaking needs quick response and what's worse, the order of words in a Japanese sentences is quite different from English ones.
After I start talking, I realize that I should have started my sentences in a different order.
That's why I decided to start writing English sentences.
Mie, where I live, has a fantastic city called Matsusaka, which is famous for delicious beef:D
My friend and I stopped at a convenience store to eat icecream.
I want to have friends for all over the world!
My sister needed me to help her tanslate something from Thai into english.
But I am not good in English. So I tried to use a translation program to help me, but it got the the grammar wrong. So,
I'm going to Italy
I have to admit that when someone says that he or she loves [enjoys] my writing it makes me happy, but that is [that's] not my reason for writing.
I had to write in English, but I'm afraid it is not [it's not] good enough to write something good/ interesting.
I'm a university student.
I don't know why or how they treat their bus, because everytime I took the bus, during the drive I worried that the bus might fall apart suddenly. (the bus company is located at a small famous town) BTY, the buses were extremely old, old enough to be junked, but I guess new buses are too expensive to afford.
Today I will introduce my favorite building ~ The Great Wall.
The labor force, composed of prisoners, soldiers, and workers, built the wall.
I entered the university and chose english literature as my major, and I read a lot of english books every class.
sexual and humorous!!
However, I take a senior course which is associated with my minor and that course's professor is the chair of that department.
The professor said to me that he knows I'm an international exchange student, but I have to speak more about the class and the next class he'll give me questions about a main subject.
I think it will help me to learn about English, but I'm starting to feel little nervous about that.
Right now, it is very fragrant in my room.
I was in right field when we were in defence.
If you need further information, please let me know.
I heard that American or other countries 'university students are more serious than Japanese students.
He is eleven.
He plays games everyday!
Recently I've had trouble sleeping.
How comes it's difficult to sleep?
I want to buy skating shoes.
I'm from Osaka in Japan, but I live in Santa Barbara in California now.
I have stayed here for 2 months.
I really want to watch splendid dances from around the world from now on.
When I write a diary in English, I have my English corrected.
I had nothing to do today.
He always thanked her heartily.
What I Think from Reading the Newspaper
Many companies have disclosed their financial results between April and June.
Of course, the earthquake also hit the Japannese companies to a large extent.
I started watching an episode from season 1 for fun.
Recently, I have been watching the 13th episode, of season 3 of that drama. My husband told me ``You look like you are addicted to that drama...`` However, I think it is entertaining and I think the writer of that drama is a genius.
Others said if Ilisten to English (English what?) one hour everyday, I will be surprised bymy English after listening a month.
I prefer to as a foolish Old Man, and do something everday, and finally I will be successful.
They were 20000 yen (200 dollars?)
She is a conservative and pretty girl, so I gave her a short message to say: 'I love you'. I thought she might be scared, and she said she had a boyfriend already, and they were very happy, of course, there was a rule that teacher can't have an affair with a student......
I would appreciate it if you could edit my writing or even leave me a comment!
I like snowboarding, but it's too cold to go outside X-<I'm planning to go snowboarding next Sunday, I hope that the weather will be good that day.
I know but.....
I participated in a free trial lesson of English conversation today.
I think I will not pass the exam.
I have three chances to take the exam in this year.
It was just a nap, but I slept nearly 6 hours...
I would like to tell you some details about my country, because many people have misconceptions about Poland.
I want a job as a machine designer.
Somes scenes were pretty gross, but I'll spare you the details.
I have been checking all of the systems and functions in iphone
So one of my new year's resolutions is to publish at least one diary entry here per week, even it will only contain a few of words.
I'm also ironic, sarcastic, audacious and really aarogant (You have no idea...).
I'm going to go to Tokyo tomorrow, it is a holiday.
I had no holiday during this summer vacation, so I want to enjoy and relax.
The woman said to me: ``This llama belongs to me, and I want you pay me for the picture!`` I decided to give her some money to help.
Everyone everywhere wants to get money from tourists!!
I thought he would just play around and not wander far away but, suddenly my dog disappeared and I tried to find him.
But I don't want to because of the recent situation.
the illegalisation of marijuana was done without any studies.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower when I went out with my girlfriend in Ginza.
It encouraged me to communicate with others.
There were also a lot of people who spoke English well. They could speak with others easily and express their thoughts and ideas clearly.
You can see that I'm totally not interested in what you are saying (those fucking business), and then you get piss off and say that I'm having a bad attitude.
We arrived at the beauty shop at 2 o '(2 o' clock).
I hate repairs to the train in the morning.
I feel that the Japanese are very rough and that Western people are more like gentleman riding horse.
At the drop of a hat, I'll dump something into it.
I think he has a good personality.
At lunch-time, I had a special lunch.
My friend is a chef and cooked Japanese food!
First writing
This is my first writing on Lang-8.
I just found this site out accidentally, and I think it will help a lot to improve my English.
The other ingredients are Tofu, cabbage, pork and mushroom.
The robot girl can smile.
Hello!
This is first time to write a diary in Lang-8.
Please correct my diary and be my friend!!!
This is my second exam (I have taken) since I came to UNO.
My father, a retired policeman, said that if I want to be a policewoman, I have no need to get a Master degree and a Bachelor is enough.
Although ``know all`` is an ironical word, I still pursue to be.
I counseled a client for my assignment, not for money.
We need to counsel other people and write reports.
The word means boys who cannot take an active, aggressive or enthusiastic attitude, and do not have an affinity towards girls.
Like horses, rabbits, and so on; not like lions, tigers, and so on.
Personally, I don't like effeminate, delicate men, so I hope ``carnivorous boys`` will increase more.
Tomorrow, I will have my favorite class, so I hope my cold goes away soon.
I had not ridden a ferris wheel since I graduaded from school.
whenever you need me that I won't be far away.
He told us this joke; What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb?
I have used this tool to train my speaking skills.
I've studied English in order to obtain skills to read and write articles about various science articles.
In short, new scientific words continue to be created.
The column went is like this.
However the balance of your account is resettled everyday.
This means if you don't spend all of your money, the rest of the money is lost.
So you should do the maximum with your investment.
In fact, I think it is very good to study English with a textbook that is written in English.
and I think using a Chinese for Chinese speakers textbook was pretty good.
Years have faded away many peoples 'memories, but Hachi's memories never faded away.
I just don't know how and where I should start.
``Some of students said that they were good at English.``
Also, I have to write some reports...
Please help me to correct my article.
What's the difference and how can I use it correctly?
An advertisement
I always hear the sentence (nan datte yo) in the animes.
Do the laundry.
I'm going to work starting next Monday.
It's a little bit difficult to sing English lyrics, and memorize it too.
so we decided,
we went to the Chinese restaurant.
We ordered sisami chicken.
The overtime is usually 1 or 2 hours.
I like to create games
So I like to create all kind of games.
I want to make friends all over the world.
When I try to write a sentence in English I'm composimg a gloomy sentence every time.
I have learned English for many years, but I have not found a good learning method.
I always see the spelling sheet before the test.
The necklace with two stars is his favorite one.
She was so friendly and smart.
I'm gonna write diary entries and essays as much as I can.
We can help each other! The whole world is so exciting, isn't it?
Just after running, I thought I did not want to run,
Now, I have a little muscular pain.
I would love to learn feminine stuff that relates to American culture from her while I doing language exchange with her.
He is a pianist and accordionist in England.
Surprisingly, she attended the same university as me but I never met her on the campus before.
I have studied english hard since last month,,,
it's our city's most important festival, because the man who created it was our king.
I will keep on writing, studying hard and become a good speaker in English.
The Autumn colors
I love to see the autumn colors.
But I always fail to go at the best time because I can't wait and go before they look the most beautiful.
Since the temperature in October was so high,, the leaves changed their colors later than the previous years.
It is my second time traveling in GuiLin. The last time I went to GuiLin was one year ago.
This time I feel GuiLIn will be a little noisier and it will be more modern.
The environment has been broken. I worry about whether in the future GuiLin will lose its beautiful scenery.
This time I stayed in YangShuo for three days. It makes me feel like YangShuo is so small. There are too many people in YangShuo. I don't think YangShuo is OK with so many people there at the same time.
However, I must get the skill of writing and speaking English for business.
I am shocked (surprised) to know the reality about people living in a suburban area.
We enjoyed going to the grocrery store, preparing the BBQ, and talking about recent things.
I `m a freshman at meisei university.
I study english everyday. I think studying english is very interesting.
Because my university is in Seoul, I've been separated from my parents, who live in Chung-ju.
The reason I took that exam is that it will help me to manage a business someday.
I went to watch movie of Brazil President Lula.
I was so excited.
when we talk each other, I couldn't help but feel embarrassed and stammer
It was very hard, but it is very helpful for my work as a cashier:) I am still in training; however, I have to run the till by myself.
I was delighted; therefore, I could really enjoy working today!
It has been a long time since we had been working together, maybe 8 years ago or so, but we still get together and go drinking around twice a year.
By the way, a Japanese actress whose husband is American said, even if he is in a bad mood, once he eats pizza he changes to a good mood.
I'm glad to have joined this community, because I want to communicate with people living in other countries and to learn about their culture.
Even if I had a bunch of opportunities to listen to English, I hadn't realized them.
They were very beautiful and looked like big flowers.
Finally, Tegomass which is a Japanese idol unit appeared on the stage.
I was so clumsy, wasn't I?
But their power was great!
Even though I haven't watched this match, I am pround of the whole United team.
Shirakawa-Go is one of Japan's World Heritage Sites.
This paper presents an approach to support top-k flexible queries using knowledge discovery in large data bases.
The new portable game machine Nintendo 3DS was released on February 26 in Japan for the first time in 7 years.
I'm curious about how many people will buy it.
Pssive: Fruits are going to be eaten by me right now..
I look like I just had my hair permed.
I made a lot of foreign friends and learned a lot.
I ordered a new iPod touch from Amazon on September 2nd.
My friend told me about this website. When I joined in, I found that it's very interesting!
I'll write something to describe my life, and learn English with you.
Seating Arrangement
I confess that I have worried a little whether I can graduate or not, since I submited a master's thesis.
I am going to introduce something I have learned, because it might help you if you live in Japan.
It is the etiquette of seating arrangement.
In Japan, higher-ranking people should have seats which are in the inner part of the room.
Thus if you invite your customers and clients to your office, or if you entertain your guests at a restaurant, you should give them the seats in the inner part of the room.
And you should sit down at a seat near to the door.
Conversely, when you are invited as a guest, you will be offered a seat in the inner part of the room.
I'm sure he was very annoyed when Rowling sold millions of books.
For example, writing a blog becomes resentative of modern life. Also, I write various kinds of blogs.
It seemed he understood how difficult it is to master a foreign language.
When he was a little, his parents encouraged him to do everything which could do himself and treated him as a normal person.
The minimum temperature in Tokyo was about 0C.
I like some American culture.
I often practicing dancing with my mirror. However, I can dance freely at nightclubs.
Hello everyone!
Her neigbours often helped her.
But I dont know what should I do, everytime I look at a long English article,
That morning, we got up really early and drove all the way to a distant aquarium.
It was good to see the orca, however, I had little time to watch the other fish inside of the aquarium.
It took me several years to strengthen my perseverance.
I often change my mind easily and fail to get through some difficulties in my life.
My friends once said to me, ``You aren't mature amply (enough?).
My writing English is better than my spoken English.
and encourage each other.
I will stay in Colombo for about half a year.
But there was no colour that I wanted.
Her clear explanations were good.
She even included a picture of an anvil, which looked weird and unique in my eyes, especially because it looked like a horn.
Well, I'm likely to faint with fatigue, because I didn't rest enough.
As a matter of fact, I spent about two to three hours talking to my friends on Skype and surfing the internet, so I didn't have enough sleep.
It couldn't be helped.
The least I can say is, I didn't waste my time thinking about the things I could never change.
My job is as a private tutor for a student.
I have recognized what I really don't like about cold weather.
Every morning waking up is so hard. I am sleepy...
and outside also is cold.
It makes my motivation smaller and smaller.
Idiom of the day:)
Whenever I go home at night, I would stay overnight at Nanjing and take the next avaiable bus, in morning.
It was so difficult for me while I watched this movie.
I never thought that I would have to face that thing at this moment
It's never a problem for me and I always know what I want. What should I do?
Shopping Mall
Glee is about high school life and musical drama:)
``Soybean flour`` is called ``kinako`` in Japanese.
Today my choice was Mary.
One sentence, or one word, I'll be happy.
I start writing this diary today.
Today, I'm very angry because students at my university break the traffic rules.
There is a large road near my school, we mustn't cross the road near the school because it is heavy traffic and it's dangerous.
I like travelling!!!!
I wish I can get to know about lots of interesting things here.
hopefully twice a week.
so I became a member of a gym which is very famous here in Toronto last night.
I've just watched a sad episode of a korean drama series so I feel very sad now.
It helps me to learn a lot of information and knowledge about computer and software devices.
I know the Linux0. 01 architecture and how to implement and compile it on my computer.
But if I didn't go searching any opportunity to meet such people, I could only see my colleague.
Most of their minds are limited.
I've felt so lazy ever since I moved from Seattle down to San Diego.
I can't even count how many times I get angry at them from the moment they wake up until they go to nursery.
I think I have the ability (or potential, which is better) to study and enjoy tourism or hospitality. Give me a chance, I can prove my strength.
I spent an hour everyday, memorizing new words.
I worked hard independently everyday.
I usually went to the library to memorize new English words.
So he decided to try again.
I sometimes have difficulty reading an article or paperback, which is written in English, more than usual although I don't know why.
The manager must speak, read and write English in a high level of proficiency utilizing technical terminology.
I'm not authorized to make a decision from my company but required to make a decision for my client.
Today I registered a Lang-8 account.
Nowadays, mobile phones are rapidly becoming common all over the world-even elementary school students have one.
I had work until 12: 00pm last night and right now it's 8: 00am, the morning again.
I work for a Japanese restaurant as a waitress
remove the bacteria on the surface of your body makes you weak.
For example, he never eats at fast foods and he recommended
And he recommended for me to
friend went to interview in at the university.
Curry is hot, Naan is a little sweet
There was a mirror on the wall in the Cafe house.
When I realized that, I couldn't stop laughing!
Youtube content is good for listening practice.
Afterward, almost all of my colleagues went drinking again.
However I don't know if I will be able to do it this year because of my busy life.
Oh my God; It cost 80 thounsand Vietnam Dong.
Luckily, I found a quite cute pig with a cheap price; just 10 thousand Vietnam Dong.
I have been living in Melbourne for 1 year, I feel my English skill is better than before, but I sometimes get disappointed with myself because when I listen to news on the radio or watch TV,
Recently, I have been studying for the TOEFL Test to study abroad next year.
Because it is so different from Japanese grammar, and there are sentences which contain difficult words for me, for instance, ``anatomically``, ``Confederate``, and so on.
Nothing is difficult if you put your heart into it.
So I believe I can be a good doctor in the future.
I'm sorry I posted a new journal.
It's great cause you can go there just to kill some time and end up staying there overnight.
This week is very hard for me, because I have part time job on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, I plan to play on Thursday, and go Kyoto on Friday. (^ ^)* Of course, I have class. so I must study.
I watch SESAMIE STREET podcast on my ipod in English.
Koreans are used to having an English name for easier communication with foreigners.
The closest pronunciation
Because there are duties to do everyday.
Besides, I am a little inefficient so I cant do those quickly.
In my city electricity supply has just recovered.
With angel faces and perfect body proportions (tiny face with long legs), they seemed to walk out from the pages of a fashion magazine such as GQ or ELLE.
I remember some researchers said looking at beautiful women can make men live longer because they can ease men's blood pressure and make them happier.
I'm so interested in other countries and cultural exchange interchange with many people.
I guess my English is wrong.
I really feel that I have to study harder
One younger member asked me a question.
I also have some appointments to have meals with my friends and colleagues this December.
my reasons to study english
so I have to acquire English to work well.
My plan to study english is to write english compositions and to watch the DVD ``Friends``, which I heard is an interesting comedy in English, every day.
I heard there is a good Gyoza restaurant near my house.
Lately, if customers don't exchange their cell phone, they cannot switch to the low-cost-plan.
The other day, I went shopping, I splurged on clothes.
down the drain.
You had better think more before you pick something up.
But I can't go because of heavy rain...
I have been studying Chinese for six years.
Mid-autumn festival
According to the law, every Chinese can get rid of their business (stop business) to celebrate and enjoy themselves.
So, in spite of (despite) the high fee, we are glad to celebrate it.
Help me please.
By the way, I started exercising with a jump rope today.
Today I went to an At& t store and had someone put the screen protector on my cell phone.
I went for a round of golf early Friday morning.
I'm a beginner at golf.
This place is usually for taking shower and has sauna.
If you come to Korea, it will be a good experience to go there.
The new one is always better for a visitor.
So now you can make sense why people go there to sleep.
It is like a dormitory room without bed, just small mattresses
One for taking shower and others are for sauna and entertainment
Some store have many programs during the day such as yoga lesson, dancing lesson, etc.
Koreans have a typical way of taking shower.
and he lives as professional composer.
Reading a philosophy encyclopedia
Tomorrow I'll write more than this; well I think so. See you later guys.
I ate a chicken curry.
I did nothing but drink alcohol.
I want to communicate with a lot of people.
I studied English tonight.
I started reading the book, Winnie-the-Pooh, which I received from my best friend Yang-gaeng.
The writer explained why his name is Winnie-the-pooh.
Because I am a beginner at English.
The writer encouraged Piglet.
In spring every year, Japanese hold parties in which they welcome freshmen.
A few days ago, a drunk celebrity was arrested on charge of indecent exposure, but many people signed a petition against this.
I should say ``arigatou`` to him.
It is my first time to use this blog system.
Probably most of you haven't ever heard about Miaoli before, since it's not as civilized as Taipei or Kaohsiung, but it drew people's attention by holding Taiwan Lantern Festival this year.
But it really was a great festival. You can see my pictures.
I believe that there are many pictures of the Taiwan Lantern Festival.
If I want to use those three drives in the new one then they must be all connected by a ribbon cable to the mainboard of the new one.
From the last day of April to the beginning of May, many people have had a long vacation which is called Golden week in Japan.
during the mid exam period, I didn't have enough sleep.
there were two guys who have big muscles.
when I finished it, I couldn't laugh about myself ^ ^
I appreciate thier help and advices.
I also have a lot of appetite lately.
I'm focusing on studying English now, so I don't exercise enough every day.
Kiyomiya, a very famous director of a Japanese professional rugby team.
As well as me, my boss is also looking forward to meeting 'lang-8' staffs because we use and like it a lot!
There are different kinds of 'Mikan'.
She answered it is called ``mandarin orange`` in English.
I will have to take this exam tomorrow because the exam needs two days.
I `m the second one, today.
I showed a taxi driver the actual address of my hotel but he didn't know the place.
I decided to ask the taxi driver to take me to a place close to the address and get out of the taxi near the hotel.
I lost my way and walked for one hour with big luggage.
ni-men-hao!! (Hi folks!)
Yesterday, I wrote the sentence which I wanted to have corrected.
I'd like to use this valuable opportunity to improve my English ability through communication with people who use this site.
Though I read my text book, I can't judge if my pronunciation is right.
treatment due to their wealth and celebrity status.
permanently though he later said he did so willingly.
They say that while ican African children from their extended families,
Do you have a favourite?
My brother, his family, my sister, Me and my husband my husband, and I gathered there.
If there are any disadvantages, it is that I have to get up early to go to swim.
Especially how he used a trick get bear sick.
Ichiro has set a record of 200 hits for 10 straight years.
When you bite into on, it will dawn on you that the yellow part of the egg is solid and the white part is liquid.
I went to check for the time when a ship would depart [back] to Puerto Galera.
S through the language course that the university I'm studying at offers.
Hello.
Especially.
He is shy, so I thought he would hate me.
(= this means grandmother) ``, and he wanted to hug her.
The memo's contents are life, diary, work and so on.
I want to study English more so I can talk to foreigners.
I have to be careful to avoid getting influenza.
Today is Christmas Eve!
I hope I can learn more English and share my life.
Today, I went to fishing trout in Tihayaakasakamura.
I have to grade 3 types of placement tests for new foreign employees to work at Japanese companies.
Oh, I don't have time now.
There are many dishes and many things such as chopsticks and so on.
I think there are too many dishes and we should get rid of some.
I was very uncomfortable.
Thanks to them, I could re-charge, and I think I can manage my German vocabulary test and report.
my mom has a strange characteristics, she is always on the ignition to me, maybe beacuse of her busy work, she is always unhappy I don't know how to communicate with her!
Today's menu is Kimchi fried rice.
Have you ever eaten Kimchi fried rice?
I'm a university student in Japan.
I'm interested in this material because some CNTs behave as semiconducters, while other CNTs behave as metals regardless of the fact that both of them are made of the same carbon.
When we are able to make some deviceS from CNTs, we will be relieved from this problem.
If I feel that if there is something wrong I continue to think and not act.
The Doctor said ``you may have gout``
When I first saw this cartoon was five years ago, my foreigner teacher showed it to us, but at that time I didn't know the meaning about that because it had no translation.
One of my friends is going back her own country at the end of October.
I'm looking forward to meet a lot of foreign friends.
I was too tired to do a lot.
My ferverted appetite may be because of frustrations rather than longing for food.
I will introduce you to an interesting article in the morning paper.
Teachers are Filipinos or Filipinas.
The reason is because of it's inexpensive expense.
character and characteristic
Before that, I had been working at the front line of research and development.
that is exciting to me,
I have followed all the news on TV recently about the disaster that occured in Japan, it's too terible and unbelievable, not only the impacts on economics as a whole, the disaster also impacts the mental state of its people.
Salted grilled fish and fish hamburger steak. (Spelling)
But it began raining a lot at night.
I think it's better to make Honey exercise earlier.
Sorry I was not keeping my diary
I want to improve my English level with nice people's help, besides studying by myself.
I made a big coaster and a small pompom with beautiful colored felts.
Can and can't issue-could someone familiar to American English help me?
Distinguishing between them is really important, because the meaning is opposite.
An British person once told me that they pronounce ``can't`` like, ``carnt``, while they pronounce ``can`` like, ``kan``.
Could someone who is familiar to American English help me?
This term, there is a new English teacher. He is very handsome, humourous and full of personality. In his class, we are relaxed and laugh all the time. We hope we can improve our oral English.
In the future, we will be able to talk with foreigners easily.
I'm sure it isn't a dream or a hope; it will be true.
Learning languages is learning a new way of thinking.
Both languages for computers and languages for humans broaden my world.
But when seeing it from another point of view, I was surprised that so many trains run punctually and many people rely on the railway system so much that they get angry because of a slight irregularity.
I learned many new words from the subtitles and I practiced my listening as well.
To write something in English is difficult for me.
Please give me your knowledge of English.
And, I will go abroad.
I am watching TV 'PONYO', (which was) created by Miyazaki Hayao.
I like their singing!
I really love their sound!!
Imagine what I am trying to express.
I also spent a lot of time in the green areas/ green parts of London, my favorite park being Regent's Park!
One of my only bad memories is an incident in Camden Market where two Iraqis became pissed off when I didn't want to buy what they were selling and one of them even threatened to beat me [up]!
Today I finally got to relax, because my niece was not home.
Generally, my elder female cousin often asks me to give guidance
Usually, I treat it as interesting,
but sometimes I also felt a little tired.
But there is one problem, which is that we can't borrow them.
It's silent in the office, our boss is traveling ~
We have nothing to do, so I started to daydream.
After lunch we strolled along a small streat.
(actually I don't remember exactly, but it means nearly brilliant)
I am worrying...
But I could not go to an amusement park because of the rain.
I became a member of ``Lang-8`` today.
He studies athletic training in the U. S.
A movie called ``Alice in Wonderland`` was shown today.
It sucks that it's way to hot!!
It is holiday season in Korea.
I'd like to make many
The man was eating potato chips. It was very noisy:(
However, traffic accidents caused by bicycles have increased.
So the Road Safety Association proposed a conclusion of the bill related to bycicle's road.
They are in the training department in a Tully's coffee Japan.
It's been a while since I wrote my journal.
I was busy and I actually forgot about Lang-8.
I became their fan when I heard ``American Idiot``.
I discovered this web site accidentally.
This is the phrase of Owl City's ``fireflies`` song.
I have to go to the immigration office to solve this mess.
I went to ROUND-1 last Sunday with my friend:-)
We ate misokatsu.
The travel was so good for me, because it changed my sense of values.
But if they study the language, it will be possible to express themselves.
My daughter's grandma set up dolls for the day.
My family and friends in Japan were okay but we can't really feel at ease.
American Yahoo account
I strongly recommend you to make one too.
I was surprised by that guy at first.
No, I'm kidding, but it is true that many people here have fine mustaches, and now I have a mustache too.
I hope that either she will change her mind or my razor will suddenly start working again.
I take lessons everyday.
She was really friendly and kind from the beginning, so it didn't take so long to get closer.
I go to university near Nagoya city, Aichi prefecture.
I have been here for 2 months since I've been admitted to this university.
I've not been doing it, but I was interested in it.
Recently,_ we have been getting interested in ``eco``.
These are said to be ``eco-friendly``.
But,_ I think these are just more friendly than what they used to be.
I think what we should do from the beginning is hold back and use what we already have with caution,_ not buy new things.
Nothing at all.
If I feel hungry, I will go somewhere around here to find something to eat.
Whoever is asleep, sleep tight. Whoever is eating, eat something delicious. Whoever is daydreaming, have a good dream..
I-cried-out-in-spite-of-myself-``unbelievable``!
My father is the director of a semiconductor company.
I'm sure I will become a successful student at junior high school after graduation.
the details and he agreed to hire me.
Before I started working there, he sent me a message and said he didn't want people in April, he would let me know again in May. Today he sent me a message and said he already has someone to help, and if I am interested he will be hiring again next month.
While I was waiting to start work I practiced using Photoshop a lot. Before I had planned to learn Photoshop for a long time but I didn't have time to learn it.
Noy, who is going to continue her business again..
The reason is that a caregiver's salary is lower than other jobs despite the hard [] work.
And customs are a little different in Japan and the Philippines.
I think the Japanese government should always support them.
It must be that something happened because two police cars passed.
The public security in Japan is good, but crime is everywhere.
noticed the address data was missing.
the& nbsp; addresses again.
It will be the eclipse that last the longest time in the 2000 years.
I think that English conversation schools should charge
I was happy to hear the phrase ``you name it`` on the radio. On the American Forces Network in Tokyo.
But My cellphone wasn't ring at all.
Other contestants recited formal speeches, for example some presidents 'speeches.
I thought my recitation was out of place but one of the professors said it was good because everyone knows the story.
They will explain to them about their medical treatment proceess with a kind smile.
But I can go to the river.
When I was a student at university, I climbed it two times.
First, it was rainy and I couldn't climb it on the top.
When I climbed it at midnight so I could see the morning sun,
Maybe they will offer me some help for my hard study and maybe I will show them around and bring them to some exciting places in return.
I talked to two Filipino women with Skype
I talked with two Filipino women with Skype tonight.
I have done soccer, swimming, volleyball, running, and dodgeball.
That day is a special memory for us.
it opened in octber in japan.
She is a very beautiful Spanish woman.
I have glasses and contact lenses
I do not believe in mysticism, but maybe my team has a bad karma?
I'd like to know that if people use this phrase in their conversations?
I'm excited, but I feel a little uneasy.
Every morning, I get up at the same time, eat reakfast and go to school.
I want to meet crious people from other countries.
A woman taught the violin at elementary school.
At last, they played at Carnegie Hall.
Someone I know from New Zealand always says ``Retarded!``.
She said that to me and she says that to anyone or anything.
I think we have no right to say what is good or what is bad, every character has its beautiful sides, differences make this world colourful.
Kawaii means cute, but I think kawaii contains other or different meanings, and it is unique notion in Japan.
So I guessed that the person who holds (or held) that party must have considered to appeal it world wide when he named the event.
Following the Oxford English dictionary, cute has three meanings:
who is little blind.
Learning by myself is aggressive.
Before that, I doubt that this passage is readable! (+_ +)
I went to two University festivals in Tokyo, a museum and a movie alone.
It displayed the History of Letters and stamps.
He wants to be the wonderful parent, the great couple, the successful business man, the great player and the intelligent doctor.
Even on the other side of successful career, for example beeing a hippy.
I could not move my arm the same as before even after the rehabilitation.
In Japan, most high school students wear loafers when they go to school.
I feel comfortable;)
This is my second time to writing a diary.
And we must live it so as to feel no torturing regrets for wasted years. Never know the burning shame of a mean and petty past. Live so that in dying we might say: all my life, all my strength was given to the finest cause in all the world-the fight for the Liberation of Humankind. ``l hope everyone can read it in their free time, l believe you will like it.
I hope my friends ``will`` make ``everything`` all right.
I've recently begun to like jazz.
Maybe because I'm a beginner...
We walked for 2 hours
Hyperthermia currently is a serious problem in Japan.
Be confident and persistent!
I love this style, I just want to see something while I ride my bicycle.
I can go anywhere I want.
This is the time when junior high school students take the entrance exams to get into a public high school.
I couldn't find any empty seats so next time Iwill come in the class earlier.
and I have many friends in the dormitory and classes this semester.
I am fed up with arguing about problems.
It is the first time I have gone to the Mexican restaurant.
Sometimes, I dream of speaking English fluently.
I am afraid to be an adult.
or I am afraid of being an adult.
Hello, everyone!
Today, I made a gratin for supper.
The produce is very fresh.
Tomatoes, cucumbers, eggplant, potatoes, pumpkins, cabbage,
I am happy to find a site like this in which I can study foreign languages.
The world ecomomy is in a serious depression, particularly in America.
The lake was glowing and shimmering.
I went to the Yahoo Dome last Saturday.
Autumn has come, they appear in the trees.
The graduation ceremony of our university takes place on 17 March.
We go there and see off students who graduated this year.
A Japanese girl who is 18 years old and can speak English well came to the inn yesterday.
What a little devil, she doesn't have enough experience about anything, but only your sex experience is more than ordinary, is it?
It has a soy sauce flavor that's a little sweet as well.
Because we have common topics and talked very well before.
I said I will get off soon.
And we compared the philosophies of love between Japanese and Korean people.
I'm not good at electronic staffs... so now I'm fighting (struggling) with them.
With all other universities that are public of my country, we are protesting for a better education, that is equal for all.
but the government of my country, doesn't like this; they allow good quality eduacation for only a group of selected of person.
Also when we try to protest, they put the police in the street, with the order to arrest for no reason, with the utilization of excessive force.
My major problem in studying
The cartoon's title is ``to run, Honey!``
I wish that all that is happening in the world will sometimes be solved by children's thinking which is naive and simplistic..
I stayed in this house for 2 years.
Against my expectations, I'm having an enjoyable time here.
It means the reunion of families.
unfamiliar with this young festival.
People who own private cars are encouraged to choose bicycles or
Spring is a nice season for cycling, so I want to do it again and discover moreinteresting things!
I had two cooking classes, in one I baked a pound cake of mugwort and in another I cooked some beer fritters.
My roommates are still in their beds.
bbish it's rubbish, isn't it?
Hello.
I could pass it safely. Wrong spelling ^ ^
Hello, friends.. studying other languages seems difficult if you don't have the will power to do it. As for me I plan to do it with a iron will. I like to study other languge.
I am so nervous that I can't speak English well, even I can't speak Japanese very well.
However, I feel so isolated that I can't open my heart nor relax myself.
and it struck the mainland of Japan:(
But yesterday afternoon, my classmates called me, saying that if I go swimming with them, then I would feel cool in such hot weather.
Although I was in bad mood, I still accepted the invitation.
The air was filled with noises. It seemed that there were so many boiling dumplings.
However, we still had a great time there though it was too crowded. We played the swimming ball, had a competition of 50 meters speed swimming and had other games.
I can also play the guitar.
She was afraid of the dark, insects, tthe color black (she belived that if she watched for a long enough time somthing colored black, a monster from the Black Kingdom would come forth), touch a scary picture (she thought that if she touched it, it might attack her), snake, knives (she thought the knives might want to cut her) and many other stupid things.
All her pocket money she spent on clothes, knives, parties, and alcohol.
They belived that any day Amy would come back.
Now Amy lives with her mum and daugther.
Her daughter Lisa is 4.
Yesterday I went a bar with my friends and drank alcohol to unwind, and there, I played Genga for the first time in my life and it was so exciting!!
I heard (that) it was fun, but I didn't know how hard to concentrate to get rid of a piece from the column.
And why we are given our own consciousness.
The bottomline is that something commands our superior to tell us to do something, and then something makes us feel against.
Actually, I was supposed to go to my lab and introduce our lab work to interested students.
I spent too much money this week.
Do you like the time when you know that if you want to go to other country, you won't need to go to somewhere to get a visa, you will just press your robot's hands and it will bring you go to anywhere that you want.
Exotic Zest
I watched ``Heroes`` tonight.
I am glad to have everyone to help me to improve my languages.
Also, I want to get some techniques to improve my languages.
Everybody has stories to tell and I can also say that story-telling is a part of our lives.
A little while ago, I watched a TV programme that introduced pancakes in Hawaii.
Raising kids/ children is very hard, especially two children.
I can't imagine what kind of mom I would be.
It is very sad that tomorrow is Monday.
It rained hard.
Today I almost overslept because my alarm clock didn't ring.
It was a good day because I did it all with my girlfriend.
Oh, I have a feeling no one gives them to her.
So I try to look carefully around the hall and at customers.
so I couldn't concentrate on the customers.
I had to go to Google Japan inc., on business.
Today I'm going to Gumi for a business trip.
I read from a news articles that the average population age is the youngest of the cities of Korea.
I don't know if it's dangerous or not.
With work, I'm choosing a fantastic relationship..
Lull:
My Vietnamese colleague asked me to go to a karaoke shop and I went to karaoke.
There were many people who sung songs in Vietnamese.
Most of the songs were Vietnamese.
It was a good way to experience Vietnamese life.
Recently, cities have been very lively.
I was cheered up by the beautiful display of lights.
I've just organized a Free Japanese conversation club around Tokyo for foriegners.
I want to gather foriegners who live in Tokyo.
So, I need to write a journal about this, and paste another web site or make some fliers as notices.
Well, I wrote the journal right now.
<The journal>-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Free Japanese Conversation Club@ Tokyo.
This is for foriegners that live around Tokyo and want to study Japanese or make Japanese friends!
Gathring and talking using Japanese. (No Japanese skills required.
so the only class I attended was ``gender and modern society``.
There are some mixed baths in the countryside of Japan.
Sometimes I don't go to class, and then after class I do not catch up on work.
My husband had a cold lately, so I must have caught it...
Recent, I wrote on lang-8, but lang-8 didn't receive.
She has a long hair and coffee-brown eyes ^ ^.
I'm proud of her. She is a student at an university. Her university is a dream of many people in my country because It gathered excellent students.
That result worries me!
I was very worried, because the test result is level 1.
The basic rule is that you try to beat your opponents by throwing your cards away.
People have been making laws since ancient times. If there weren't laws, many people would kill each other and we couldn't keep managing our society.. Laws barely restrict our instincts.
Nobody would deny my opinion, because all people have emotions, such as hatred, greed or jealousy, against someone.
Light was gradually disappointed in laws and police agencies.
From then on, Light called himself ``God of the New World`` and started cleaning up the world.
My husband and I had been concerned about the poor visibility of the front part of our car which we just got last month.
The sauce was made from soy sauce, garlic and honey.
Though everyone looked tired, we enjoyed climbing.
But I couldn't enjoy the beautiful view from the mountain because of a dense fog.
Today, I decided to go downtown and join a weekly free talking (conversation?) club organized by a language institute.
Yet, unfortunately, they said today there was nothing scheduled because it is a term-break period during a public school vacation.
I've never booked an encounter (the lesson with the teacher) at a time without ``war``.
The girl from the Cultural Bliss club gave me three Mexican rolls (sorry, I don't know its name) today, saying it would be the most delicious food I've ever had.
As a responsibility of his job, Barry has to search for the statistical data of average revenue in specific occupations.
In Japan, ordinary people who have public health insurance pay only 30% of the total cost.
In my class, teacher said;
My husbund and I went to the hot springs last weekend.
and of course I have to answer them in english.
if you found any mistakes or kinda correct but awkward expressions, please correct them.
I'm going to go to the restaurant called ``Shitamachi no Sora`` (it means ``downtown sky.``)
I hope to don't commit errors otherwise I will receive (?) your corrections.
Melody is the the little girl's name, and the soundtrack of this movie was produced by the band ``bee gees``, whose music is relaxing and comfortable.
I will go to the Youtube website and almost all I watch is cover songs.
I hope, therefore, you will correct my diary, and please be friends with me if you don't mind.
Sometimes I just want to talk to her and listen her voice, but I don't know what to say.
Read a dictionary?
When I came back from the department store, I tried to find one on the internet, but I can't find one yet.
It's a ceremony for young people who become 20 years old.
And also, I want to ask everyone: do you have a such a ceremony in your country?
I start to learn english today in lang-8.
If you are a native English speaker, you can join us to tell us how to study English.
Soon I will study Chinese or Japanese at University, but I don't know exactly what else...
I'm not sure how I can make the sentence if I want to talk about this topic.
Are these sentences correct to say?
A lot of mosquitoes come into my house every summer, so I have to take my anti-mosquito device out of the closet.
I would like to know the difference between
Andrea LeBlanc's life completely changed after 9. 11 in 2001.
He had been teaching cultural geography at the University for 35 years until he retired.
Dad just said the same thing. yesterday. ``
I changed my instructors a month ago and I am not use to the styles of the current instructor.
You can barbecue (or grill) whatever you like, such as sliced beef and vegetables.
Usually people go to Yakiniku restaurants for dinner with their families, friends, colleagues and so on.
So when I get enough skill, I can teach anywhere in the world!!
Since my senior delivered a really good extemporaneous speech that dealt with disguise in food and whistleblower, I thought that he would be the the best speaker at extemporaneous speech, but, to my surprise, two out of three judges gave him third prize.
The reason they gave him the third prize was that he delivered the extemporaneous speech so well that judges thought that he prepared the topic and luckily picked a good theme (In extemporaneous speech, speekers are given a theme.) randomly, so the two judges lowered his score in order to be fair to other speakers.
League, so it is the contest that determines the best speaker in E. S. S.
We are very grateful to the international assistance.
I live in western Japan and have been very worried about the region. I have been thinking about what I can do to help them by watching TV programs about volunteer programs.
how to keep a relationship
I am struggling with a long distance relationship.
Tv influences people's behavior.
I think there are many positive influences that come from watching Tv, but when I see the word influenced I come up with negative things all the time; it's too bad, and maybe I should be forced to write about problems.
Today, I'm happy because this is my first English journal entry.
Actually, I don't know what to write.
I will go crazy.
My boyfriend and I planned having a date on that day, but we couldn't because of his grandfather's operation.
To be honest, I am disappointed our date was cancelled.
However he sent me an email and promised to celebrate it next time.
Somehow, I found myself tired of this boring life that I am living now.
I am learning both English and Japanese, but they are not as easy as I thought.
I took a deep breath and said to myself, ``There are things that need to be changed``.
I was in eastern Europe, Budapest and Prague, their beer was much cheaper than in Norway, where I live now, so there was no reason to stop drinking beer for the whole 2 weeks.
We have met before,
Annette: I really really wanted it, but I couldn't find the store.
It was hilarious!!
I couldn't breathe well!
So, I can bite him from the tail, better than eating him from his head.
We were really busy in preparing, and we just couldn't stop practicing!
What a funny scene!
My teacher gave me this chance because she knew that I want to major in English in college.
The composition titled ``A Field Trip.`` I wrote something interesting and what I learned from my graduation trip.
I wish that every senior will have a beautiful future!
At first, I was happy that I don't have to do house work, but now I feel bad for my sisters who are jealous!
In the new year I hope that I can get a great TOEFL grade, and I hope that all my family and friends will be happy all the time.
I went to KARAOKE yesterday because the Freshmen party was held by the one of the freshmen in the university which I will go to.
Also, the affect of the earthquake still continues.
I felt quite curious, then took it off and decided
She has read innumerable books and we often discuss the content of some of those we are both interested in.
She prepared for the examinations last whole year because she planned to study further in the USA.
I was actually hoping to eat at this restaurant.
So I was very excited and it made a deep impression on me when I ate Thai food.
I almost lost my life, but I at last defeated the difficulties and caught my life again.
So I hope everyone can have a happy life, I desire happiness and health.
I desire to improve my English, and can speak fluent English to talk with my friends.
In the 20th century, our right of existence was accepted.
In the 21st century, our right of non-existence will be accepted.
I will visit the US next year so I need to know more about US culture.
It's different from Japanese culture.
It is absolutely rubbish, but can you guess why I wrote like that?
The Korean woman who served him in the small restaurant was probably surprised because, usually, Koreans don `t expect an expat to speak Korean fluently.
BTW, I `d like to recommend chili pepper Kimbap if you like spicy food.
So I want to practice writing first here...
He told me that the Spa is becoming popular in the Filippines.
We think it is enough to have rice balls even if without side dishes for lunch or dinner.
First of all, boil soy beans.
My new work place is situated on the outskirt of Seoul, surrounded by the greens.
reminds me of the forests in New Zealand that I've visited 10 years ago.
Today, I joined the language learning current of lang-8. I am very excited!!
It will make me vigorous.
The color around me was changed from the moment, he said we have to, divorce, from a pastel color to a dark one.
I will go to the library with my friends after finishing my classes.
so some messages are from Europe, Thailand, and Argentina (which, btw, is located on the opposite side of the earth!!)...
I don't hate it.
Can you read what is written in the photo?
But I can't take consecutive days off.
It was horrible!!
(Reading picture books for the students in my son's elementary school, and English books for mothers and children at the City library.) And today, the seasonal ones (work?) have started.
Last Friday, my son caught a cold.
Because I changed jobs this month, I can't take a paid holiday.
It's a great place, but not a very good time.
because it's first time to write my diary in English!!
But I'm a little bit worried about my English.
Congratulations!
To tell you the truth, I still dont wanna go back my country, Japan.
But unfortunately, its a time to go back and, it's time to speak about what I've done in the U.
To begin, with I really appriciate having been given an opportunity to study at St Norbert College as a ESL student.
For almost seven months, I've studied English at St Novert College.
For almost seven months, I've considered that, I am talking to people who have totally different backgrounds from me.
Since coming back to Korea for the holidays, I have been hanging around with friends.
I wore a sister's costume.
It was popular with mothers, but little kids don't know who the sister is.
Some students thought I was dressed as a ghost and felt like crying.
There are 2 more months until this year is finished.
I have a problem at night!
July 2-5 I had my guest.
A beautiful girl from Malaisya and her parents.
We went on the open bridges at night, and saw Night City, but my guest was very tired and slept the whole way.)))
Through 3 days we all understood each other.
Shopaholic (I think) series by Sophie Kinsella and Dean Koontz's books etc.
What I wanted to write in today's entry was that I need to review my posted entries and check my weakness in my English one more time.
``Whenever I call your name, I feel my tongue rolling smoothly.
Please help me with my language and problem.
because I was very sleepy.
Japan's climate is probably subtropical.
I loved her so much but I can't meet her in a real time anymore.
I was surprised at the safety of New York.
Before I went to NYC, I thought it was dangerous to use the subway at midnight in NYC.
But there are many immigrants in NYC, naturally.
I feel NYC is one of the most adorable places in the world.
I know that my blood type is O after I checked, and I heared that it is better to donate 200ml the first time.
Studying languages has always been a topic among people.
In short, a brighter future is waiting for us if we make good use of the studying in our school.
one little girl passed on the road by the beautiful butterfly, the girl looked at the butterfly.
and the girl said: ``the butterfly is so beautiful``
I went there to attend an english conversation lesson today.
Although I filed a complaint to him, I didn't feel good.
When I feel stressed I like to take a long bath or watch a movie.
I prefer comedy movies to action movies.
It is fun to watch if there are unknown actors in the movie.
I heard Michael Jackson say ``I love you more!`` in a video.
I wonder what it means exactly...
Second, I jogged 5 miles this morning and practised golf in the driving range for 3 hours.
I wanna be a translator.
A well-known hypnotist was invited on the show.
He hypnotized some audiences by giving orders while they were somewhere between conciousness and unconciousness.
If we are saying some negative things about ourselves, we are hypnotizing ourselves in negative ways.
Because we were there from opening time to closing time, my legs were starting to hurt.
That night, we had a lot of fun talking.
We had a really good time, though we were tired.
Because her birthday is soon, we gave her a dinner ticket that night.
I would understand it if I excercised that day.
But I haven't got any exercise recently and I don't do hard working either! So it's a mystery for me to be always sleepy recently!
When Isoak in the bathtub, I sleep there for 30 minutes.
(As the image suggests, I will need a lot of strength heh heh)
And do you have another story about entering a university?
Second, I think nothing is more urgent than learning vocabulary and the fundamentals of grammar, even though the speaking and the listening are also important.
I am confused.
My weakness is if I make a decision on something
After thinking a long time, l finally make a decision.
It seems like the inside exposure's damage can be lowered by taking iodine as it helps the body excretes harmful chemicals.
But please don't take this too serious.
I wrote my last diary about 5 months ago.
Although I'm very tired to have walked so long, it's healthy (for me).
Some of the important locutions are simplified or left out, so I (often see) came to see that the subtitles aren't (always) consistent with what the movies really want to say.
I wanna see a lot of galleries and museums.
I have loved a boy friend until recently.
This is unbalanced!
But I sill want to visit Australia again. Maybe I will go to Sydney next time.
At first, I checked my emails and then began my work.
Of course, we wouldfeel the sense of alienation when we see foreigners at airports or other countries or our towns.
Would you imagine if your country is a small island and if English is spoken in only your country, it would be a big disadvantage for you guys.
But foreigners have been speaking English since they were little as a public (international?) language.
But of course they only spoke English while we were drinking, I could not join the conversation.
and may be Eastern Countries.
I hate the weather in Fuzhou, because it varies so much! Yesterday it was so hot like summer, but today it's back to cold!
It's midnight and there are a lot of mosquitoes flying around me! = =| | |
Does this sentence make sense?
Our central dining room is in the center and it is the most popular canteen in our college, however it has both advantages and disadvantages.
The cheaper price and the better quality are the characteristics of our center canteen.
I like Sichuan food best, not because it is has a heavy taste, b ut because it has a special smell.
Meanwhile, all kinds of food in the center canteen are cheaper than the market.
Moreover, we can only have a limited variety of dishes with little change every year, which makes eating here very boring.
I like Onsen very much because I can relax.
After soaking in the bath, I will eat delicious japanese food, like tempura or sashimi.
It takes about 1. 5 hours to get to Misato Onsen by car.
Starbucks down the Princes Rd.
On top of that, the castle seems away from you.
I do realize this is not a good attitude of mind, but I have noticed that if I look at the worst side of matters, I can only receive positive surprises. The opposite of this happpens when I look at the sunny sides of a situation.
I knew him at the literature class in college.
I'll go to Sydney at the end of this year.
I love fireworks so I'm looking forward to this.
Unfortunately, the test system broke down for about five hours.
Yesterday, it was raining so I enjoyed watching (the movie) ``Chariots of Fire`` at home.
I went to America two weeks ago.
I guess 4 years have passed rather quickly.
Finally he was able to do it, but of course his bicycle had training wheels!
So I will study English a lot and as soon as possible!
As far as I can understand, your university is great institution that provides a stellar environment for furthering my education.
Also I can drive a car very well, can work on the construction site because I studied in the construction university and now I work in the construction site, there I am a foremaster.
Today, I went skateboarding in a park.
The team seems to be the best although they didn't participate in any test sessions during the winter sessions.
Second, we can use the Internet with mobile phones.
The only drawback is the length of the episodes.
Now imagine we put a flea in a container, so that it can jump out of the container.
That `s why we sometimes feel that there are many limiting situations in our lives, it can be emanating from our mental limitation:`` I can't do it, it's very hard for me ``, or:`` I think my family won `t accept it``, or ``Is it possible?
I finished the test last Friday.
I like sutdying about other language because I can meet a lot of people and I can understand our world better.
The things which happened last night didn't arise from the differences of our cultures but personal matters, I think;-)
We spoke in both Japanese and English.
But our American friends couldn't feel her feelings (of course they can't understand Japanese).
Our native languages are different.
I think it is natural there will be difficulty, and it is the interesting point to communicate with someone who is from a different country.
I think the reason that I didn't like science was because all of the books I had read were not interesting.
Since it was written for kids, It was really interesting and easy to understand.
Anyway, I am turning 20 this month.
Tomorrow I will go/ I'm going to Belgium and then to Holland and finally back to Japan on Saturday.
The King's Speech
I watched the movie ``The King's Speech``
In Japan, it is possible to rent the DVD for this week.
I thought the movie was very good.
But I figured out the view of the town is so amazing!!
My role is filming the activities of my teammates to create reports.
Today, I made ``OKONOMIYAKI`` for my roommates.
We saw the sun rise and it struck our tent.
I hardly understood native English then
He is a university student and will become an exchange student in an American University this Autumn.
I was asked by my roommate to take care of him, particularly about cooking, and of course I said yes.
Furthermore,
We played many different kinds of games in the schoolyard such as seesaw, hawk-and-chicken.
For the ``hen``, it was important to focus (your) attention and keep a strong sense of responsibility.
I want to learn English well, but it is difficult for me!
When I had some opportunities to speak in English, my Japanese supervisor was one of the people in the audience and said things like ``You said a water and forgot to add s to he want`` and so on after every my speeches.
Germany, Spain, India, Austrailia, Finland, Egypt, America......
I can answer it better than the real questions for Clinical Nursing....
So, I had no choice
I learned many things from college life.
Everything seemed to be fresh.
According to UK laws, euthanasia is not allowed. This includes any act of assisting suicide to the patient.
The girl's name is Jones, and she must battle heart problems and leukemia.
I am studying to get myBA in Applied Linguistics! I love to just have fun and spend time with my friends.
Most of my language backbone is in school.
just unconsciously pour the coffee in to my mouth.
Coffee to me is like the cigarettes to heavy smokers.
hey guys, it `s my first time here, I am so happy to know you guys to help me learn English.
I always watch ``Azumanga Daioh`` and ``Lucky Star``.
I'll appreciate your corrections, but I will not rewrite this probably until I am able to write this correctly by myself.
I especially dislike ``pure`` Japanese literature; of course I have some favourite pieces among them, but unfortunately most of them are widely underestimated.
I studied material from Side by Side book 4, but it was a little difficult for me.
In the afternoon, I'm going to study TOEIC material for an hour or two.
Let's study our Language's together!!
Thanks a lot.
When I search Google, it tells me that members of Japanese parliarment earn1. 3million per month.
Apart from that they also get a million yen as a travel expense each month.
These perks add up to nearly 44 million yen.
In fact, according to some sources, Japanese paliarment members receive the highest salaries in the world.
So we really need someone to solve this problem.
If you want to be friends, feel free to let me know.
So I was back home after working at 9pm and getting things ready (for example; reconfirm jazz tune that I memorized).
His wife was a Japanese.
Why music is important to many people?
Although people can get tired of repetition, they listen to their favorite music frequently because they can enjoy themselves more consistently through that.
We can find some traditional music from different nations interesting.
So we can see that music is a wonderful means that can make us feel better. As Oliver Wendell Holmes said: ``Take a music bath once or twice a week for a few seasons.
in order to get rid of my stress that comes from studying.
Actually, in America, the gym is somewhere that provides chances for people to make friends.
That, I cant deny, but something just happened to me recently.
When I am on it, I am used to always looking from one corner to another to see what others are doing, so that I wont get bored. Last Saturday was no exception.
relatively conventional Taiwanese girl, it is kind of too much.
One of my Japanese friend told me about this website.
Thunder is a very powerful tool.
I bought some bread and cheese.
The Mid-autumn Festival is a big day in China during which families come together.
What do the following sentences mean?
Fireflies.
I have a Venezuelan friend at my school.
For a long time, I've thrown away anything making me remember the past, either happiness or sadness.
All the time, a question is in my heart; I want to know,
In the second hour, my coach taught me how to shift gears.
I've been drinking coffee as a countermeasure for sleepiness.
He gets food from the airport restaurants for free.
What is different from the movie is that he has an available visa that allows him to stay in Mexico.
Everything about me:)
In class, my English teacher said ``How are you?``.
My teacher laughed me.
my English teacher taught me ``I'm fine thank you`` only!
They gave us three tests, grip strength, flexibility and alertness.
Since the garden is about five kilometers away from our home, we can't go and see them very often.
Especaily during festivals and weekends, KTV is almost the premier gathering place for young people.
I tidied up my wardrobe.
There is big space in my wardrobe now.
Tomorrow I will go to the Driving Academy.
Today, I finished my report.
Shi 'ah, sunni and Kurd are there.
The Iraqi goverment is trying their best to unify the country, but their approach isn't working.
Iraq has elements of confusion now.
I can't imagine what will
Lots of people are used to cover their love, their anxious, their bear and so on to calm their friends or their families.
I had finished eating watermelon.
I want to speak and write in English fluently.
I'm restarting English.
I'm learning English vocabulary and grammar now with books and mp3's.
But summer vacation ends August 31 =(
I was interested in an article about AVATAR.
This movie represents the current US.
It's my first diary on Lang-8.
I talked with a foreign friend on skype for the first time.
Anyway, she is a Filipino (I think this vocabulary is very difficult because it sounds like Philippino but some words are spelled differently.)
But my cellphone doesn't ring, and she said maybe connection wasn't good.
So we couldn't talk to each other though she demanded me receive the call.
I couldn't dispel my doubt to her so much as that time.
The season is turning to winter and outside it was a little cold, so I wore a sweater.
Some houses are really funny, but one house was really awful.
So scarey:-(
I want to go foreign ski areas, because the scale there is so big.
If one of them has any problems, the entire society will be at risk of collapse.
By the way, I'm going to Spain, France, and Italy next month.
If you can pass the Cambridge English examination, getting a job will be even easier.
But Singaporeans are very kind to me.
My favorite character is Miss Sue.
Kosen tournament in Aomori!!
I went to Aomori for theKosen tournament.
The tournament was so exciting!!
And it showed the position or rank of the people using it.
They believed that I was nervous as I spoke either too loudly or too quickly..
Indeed, I felt a little nervous just before it was my turn to present the report.
The reason why I spoke so loudly was because I want everyone to be able to hear me no matter which corner of the room they are in.
My home town is on the sea.
I eagerly look forward to hanging around with him:D
As I was writing using English on my mobile phone, I realized that English exist everywhere in Japan!
We all hoped we could leave as early as possible and go back home to celebrate Christmas with family and friends.
Anyway, I enjoyed myself.
Yesterday It was rainy, but I took them to the doctor.
The doctor advised me to take my daughter to the ENT doctor.
So she didn't sit still and cried, I had to hold her while the doctor examined her ears.
Till now I couldn 'tdo anything without composing myself.
They pester me to go outside although I play together, ask for new toys, new DVDs, new snacks, and so on.
Similar to what was written in the diary of another user, I get stressed when I can't train.
According to the review, It is supposedly a pure love story about childhood friends Emma and Will.
he should have moved on and should've fought with life for his happiness.
The movie is fascinatingly bad and irritating but cant stop watching
I began to study English two months ago because I want to go abroard to study it.
The competition is quite hard, because, to find a good job, it is one of the most important things to enrol at a famous university.
In schools, there were plenty of strict rules, for example, rules concerning hair color, the length of skirts and so on.
Enrolment rate of universities is relatively high in Japan (about 60%).
I was confused and irritated, and got new bicycle at discount shop near here.
particularly, city area either near the station.
There has many good taste food we can bought.
Every TV will have to be able to receive the new digital signal.
station.
It's faster and less crowded.
I started it from around in January this year.
I have to communicate with the customers and take care of them.
I had confidence with these many people but selling is not just communicate.
I usually go to work by foot.
Today was special day, because I walked under the Sakura arcade.
In fact, I am crying to read this letter. ``
Actually, the sneakers I bought are the adidas brand.
Then, tomorrow, which is exactly today, is the exam.
Ato Tomadachi wo sagashitai node douzo yoroshiku.
Ima ha Eigo no Gakko ni itteimasu yo.
Boku ha kotoshi ni ju ni sai ni narimashita.
Akirakani, boku no bunpou ga heta desu kara chigau tango ga attara ayarimasu!
I am a freshman and study English and Chinese at college.
My favorite actor is Will Smith.
We had two visitors from Vietnam at home.
The taste was Japanese style
I've come to the conclusion that the only good mosquito is a dead one!
I watched news yesterday and I heard that there are many people affected by this influenza around the world, and also there is one person visited Mexico and guessed having this disease in our country.
A: We would like to order, can we have the menu, please?
A: What's today's special?
W: The special of the day is cuttlefish spaghetti.
Eiheiji temple is famous for a head temple of the Soto sect opened by Dogen.
I heard that monks in Eiheiji get up at 3 o 'clock everyday!
My daughter slept by my side.
First, I want to introduce myself.
I was born in Saitama.
My brother told me she is Japanese.
and I started to listen to music and play the guitar with my band.
Now, I am still playing the guitar with my new band members.
So I always feel sleepy...
She always spends around 30 minutes eating breakfast.
Before breakfast, it is also time consuming to make her wake up.
Studio Ghibli
Well I'm not sure if this plant is called a spring onion in English.
I went to a Singaporean restaurant tonight.
With a few of my colleague who are American, Singaporean and Japanese.
We drank Singaporean beer.
I still cannot figure out what happened.
I want to understand this beautiful language!
I had a speaking test yesterday, as well as a reading, writing, grammar and listening test.
I forgot the timetable was changed from usual day.
Unfortunately, I was eating lunch in the park so, as a result, I was 10 minute late.
I have discovered so many good songs through this program that I'd never listened to before.
My bro is in one of the pictures.
These days I think my brother feels like a good friend.
Okay, I don't know what else to write.
In addition, I was amazed with my friend said that other friend who we have known since pupil married and his wife has become pregnant.
I `m not asleep, because I am trying translate my favourite songs.
, because I can look straight ahead and see a little light coming through.
I will enjoy today with my family!!!
like it and now, I am going to move there again but this time will be different
Perhaps because of I am foreigner in this place, I don't mind whether or not people look at me.
A lot of classmates always go to their laboratory everyday and their tutor gives them work to do.
There is a massage chair, and it is very comfortable for me.
I was grinning like an idiot and trying not to laugh out loud, (sometimes without success).
My grandma sent me sweet potatoes.
I don't eat much these days, because my appetite went away and I didn't have much time to eat.
In fact/ Actually, it is the season to pick `Pink Lady` apples.
The tax system and infrastructure of the Chinese society are completely different from the Japanese one (s).
Although there are many things to learn, I'm enjoying that as well.
I mean, perhaps, Charlie is one of the best characters he has acted.
What really was impressive was how people are passionate about Italian food.
Especially Victor, the leading character fiance. He is an incredible chef who is opening his own restaurant in N.
go bananas!
Thus, yamasho was made.
but making sentences is very difficult for me.
It's beautiful.
This spring, vegetables are expensive because of the abnormal weather in Japan. This shop helps me alot
Today, I havegot5 avocadosat only100 yen!
I spend X 'mas with my darling every year.
There were 2 cups of instant noodles in the kitchen.
The teacher told me my daughter I studies well, but she is sometimes too shy to give her own opinions in front of the other students...
She is very open with family and with her friends.
I can't find any teachers to help improve my English.
The next time we'll see each other might be the day we leave for Japan at an airport, which will be on the 20th of December!
In the x-ray photo, he and the doctor could see one earring.
It should be a very interesting and an unforgettable experience for me because this is the first time I joined a boyish competition.
thus, there are only 3 girls in the computer clubs in our school, my friends and I.
There are many geoglyphs and the length of the biggest one is about 300 meter.
I was very tired, because today a lot of people came to my store.
Me and my co-worker were upset and worked hard.
It will be 634 meters when it is completed in 2012.
She prefers Tokyo Tower, which is the present broadcasting tower, over TOKYO SKY TREE because of the shape.
So my body is worn out with studying and a part-time job.
Actually, I'm pregnant and I'm suffering from morning sickness, so I felt gloomy before the wedding.
It was a great wedding, but my three-year-old son couldn't sit quietly during the ceremony and reception.
So we decided to go to a restaurant.
Maybe because I ate too much sugar.
The First Massage
This was the first time I got a massage.
I went into the massage parlor (the normal one)* and told the masseur/ masseuse that I had a back injury from five years ago/ earlier.* umm, hehe
I spent my holiday time very well because I didn't waste time. I learnt new things and I had great days with my family and friends.
Since the interview with my boss, I `ve worked more carefully than before.
What should I do to develop my career?
I had a late lunch at a curry chain restaurant that is famous in Japan.
I want to study about/ how to do that for my future.
Time is money.
Hi everybody!
listening skill? Do you know a way which you can listen to English for FREE?
It is across from the train station.
Please tell me if you think my sentences are wrong or seem unnatural!
A lot of passenger praised his driving and he himself is confident in his driving skills.
In more than 1400 years ago lived a righteous king called ``Hormizd the fourth``.
I just discovered this website via facebook; it looks good, but it's a bit disorganised, I reckon.
Regarding my hobbies, I love playing sports (Rugby, Boxing, Running), listening to music (Trip-Hop, NU-Jazz, Hip-Hop...) and so on, like everybody actually;-)
how my birthday was
Yesterday, my friends and I went out to find a job.
The hairdresser who cuts my hair every time looked so busy that I hesitated to have a conversation.
I was worried about her even though I'm a customer who receives a service.
I have been getting an appetite since I lost it after all the hard times.
I have been really depressed for a month so I lost some weight but I kind of like how I look now.
So I am kind of worried that I will gain more weight than I lost with this big rush of appetite.
What happened to Japan?
First news was issued July 28, under the headline ``111 year old man already died 30 years ago.``
And his granddaughter said that, ``He wanted to die by starvation, and we
could not stop him because he was too serious. ``
It was surprising, but I think many people believe that there are some
to see if they (the elderly people) were alive or not.
Some of them have already passed away; the status of others is unkown.
Japan is one of the first countries to become a super graying society.
So the gorvernment has to deal with this probrem immediately.
Selfishness can't control us.
Even though I've lived in Canada for a year, I haven't seen outside of the city except Niagra falls.
Now, it's nearly two months since I lent him the money.
You know, we have got on very well since we first knew each other.
I'm planning to take it next month, for the first time.
Hope I will be a top salesperson.
Although I am Japanese, I don't know much aboutJapanese culture.
It is not completely useless, but it's awkward to use.
Certainly, I can see something like his toe.
A huge typhoon is getting closer.
A huge typhoon called 'Gonpas' which means compass in Japanese is getting closer to the Korean peninsula.
It's important to take steps in advance.
If you live further south than me, let me know how the typhoon is.
I like its world and characters, especially the ``Muimui``.
Today my friend and I read a book called ``The Mystery of Your Name`` about character traits and the fate of a person, which are defined by his or her name.
So I have to go bed early, I took enough rest.
I felt I can't find that by only studying at school, I need a lot of experience.
There are many foreigners such as Chinese, Mexican Spanish.
So I have not studied English for one month.
I'm still enjoying the masochism.
I'm great because I still keep memorizing boring words.
Today is my second time studying here.
All in all, we must admit that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
Do they have different meaning or pretty much the same?
No music No life
So, (I became) quite (exhausted) today.
In fact, the wide-spread distribution of the WiMAX service on the rapid transit system is a goal set by the government in Taiwan.
but It is completery different tempurature today.
because strong wind, and so on.
but maybe I am going for a surf tomorrow.
A lot of Japanese people are very shy and can't communicate with people from other countries.
I never played tennis before I took the class, but the coach taught me how to play step by step, and I improved..
beacuse I like the English lanague and I really hope to be native speaker
so I study english whenever I have free time.
(that's true kk)
anyway I'm working so I have to go to bed soon,
lf someone reads my diray, would you please fix or change the sentences for good and more natural expression ^ ^
I tried to bake a cake with a rice cooker (steamed cake) and made cranberry sauce.
LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT (part 2)
The first day that I saw you, I thought you were beautiful, But I could not talk to you watched you walk away.
Suddenly, the phone rang cutting through her train of thought.
She felt something special, not because it was her first time making a delivery, but because her premonition told her that something was going to happen!
She knocked on the door and it was opened immediately.
Most of the people there were men and Lane specifically recognized the angel in her heart who was sitting in the corner.
She couldn't believe her eyes.
Lane replied: ``Thank you but you paid enough.`` He moved closer to Lane and told her: ``It is for the tip girl, thank you so much!`` Lane could not do anything else, just received it and thanked him.
He had a sweet accent.
I remember that I was so excited when I saw the trailer of ``Avatar``
I think the theater will be crowded this weekend because of Avatar fever.
I believe Avatar will reinvigorate me with its visual technology and emotional story.
But sometimes pop music is interesting too.
Especially if guitar and realistic bass is used.
I bought this one just as an interior accessory.
Another reason is that humans have a variety of diseases that was caused by new technologies.
Without research on the universe, we can develop the medical field to save many lives.
So, I'll take positive steps of ``Lang-8``.
But a practical test is not easy/ difficult.
I opened the box and plugged in the tree. Then I switched on the lights and turned the room light off.
I felt Lucie's feminist sense on her works.
but my English skills have been getting worse since I came back to Japan in March.
I get a little nervous.
When a new semester starts, there will be some foreigners come to my senior high school to study.
I'm learning new information that I didn't know
Althoughh I memorize a lot, I can't make use of it.
Oh, I missed several days for writing my English diary.
Eventually, I posted this article courageously in order to introduce myself.
It offers a very friendly platform for language learning. People from different countries can exchange feedback.
I live in Tokyo and work as a hospital worker.
My hobby is a bellydancing.
I recently feel that nothing can satisfy me.
At the begining of the journey, I suspected her information was inaccurate.
We took a bus, which the fare was one dollar and twenty cents.
But we were cheapskates, and we did not want to buy a map which was not cheap.
They've kept telling me '' hey do not work too much, we are tired, go to sleep. ``
Today will definitely be a memorable day for Japan!!!
When I came home, the game just finished...
I wanted to watch the game in real time and feel the excitement with (other) Japanese soccer followers!!!
Ubin is a small island and it takes ten minutes to reach by ferry from Singapore.
X-Files, FRIENDS, Full House, and some others.
I love Full House in particular.
Joey and Jesse are very funny, they always make me laugh.
Joey is very good at imitating the cartoon character's voice, motion and sound.
By the way, Michelle was very popular with Japanese people.
The write-up for a strawberry painting using the Painter
She needed to make money, so she couldn't continue to mainly do translation.
I wish I could stay home, but I have to take an English lesson.
When you become old, you won't be worried about your health. ``I smiled and said good bye to her and then left.
Of course sometimes I am lazy, especially on rainy days when I would find an excuse to avoid running.
Actually, those didn't sound very tasty but I think fans and kids may have love them.
I will write about it in my next journal!
I'll be relieved.
I can learn English and I can also learn Japanese by checking
I did not read books at all today because I didn't havethe time read. Today my English friend called me to make an appoinment tomorrow at the same restaurant. She likes to eat mussamun very much and I like to eat somtom (papaya salad) and sticky rice.
When I see her I like to give hermy diary I write in English and she likes to ask me about pronouns. We enjoy exchangingin Thai and English. Today at my company in a high rise building I saw beautiful rain. I hurried to call my friend to look at the rainbow. I would like to chang a goodday with my friend. We enjoyed looking at the rainbow together from different places
Today I was very suprised they asked me to eat lunch with them. You know when you start ata company for the first time
I think I'm an outgoing person& a person who has a positive attitude.
I'm so bored everyday...
I could harvest only two oranges this year.
I'll go to the summer house TO SEE my dog, not my parents. (hidden truth)
So, probably I can have internet there, too!
At night, I went to the English conversation class.
Japan will definitely change, and everyone can move Japan forward with EV's such as the Nissan LEAF!
Fight for English ~ ~!!! ^ ^
I work for quality control division at the company I work for, and sometimes I have a chance to communicate with the overseas plant; especially Czech and U. S.
A non-government organization which I support gave a presentation to the public.
The center is also a place for garbage disposal.
It is said that the pool is heated by energy produced in the process of garbage disposal.
Suggestion: It's been a very long time since I last wrote a diary...
They are learning Japanease in uni, so they practice Japanese with me, and we Japanese exchanged students practice English with them!!
After school, I went to Hide park, Australian Museum and St Mary's Cathedral College.
My name is Frank, and I am Chinese and live in Guangdong Province with my family.
I graduated from university 2 years ago.
fuckin gnarly journal
I think that Alex should also update his.
The update however might not be needed for me because I intend to buy the new IPhone 4 in a week should it be (if its) available to buy.
Its certainly gonna be fuckin complicated.
I got a call from the (a) human resource company just now.
I recommend that you should take him to the ceremony.
I am embarrassed to say that I couldn't finish it on time.
Since all groups were planning on using Powerpoint, I went to the appliance store to buy it with concern.
After the meeting, I read a new novel at home.
It's 1: 10am now, at 8: 00 I will go to the building where the International students in Vietnam live.
Jinjas are old Japanese temples.
There are very beautiful traditional Japanese gardens.
So I think it takes many more times but I'll try to upload it with my phone.
Now I finished my job, and I am going to see the restaurant where my friend's second wedding party will be held.
Because I was chosen as a second wedding manager with some friends.
About 80 people are coming and we want to think of a surprise for the husband and wife.
but whenever I meet my friends
among the them, the atmosphere (it's not the exact spelling..;)
If someone is joining the messenger program.
My score had improved from 625 to 690!
I guess Lang-8 has played an important role in improving my English skills.
Day 97: Punctuality
After thinking a lot about my university choice and what is best for my life, I took some admission tests: one for Medicine, Pharmacy and Biotechnology.
I hope I've done the best choice for me and for my future:)
But I don't have any complaints.
I really enjoy my home life because of my email friends.
I'm not satisfied with my English.
Although I don't like winter, it's abnormal that it's still so hot.
I think this site is really good for learning a language.
I used to write a diary in English, but I quit because I was not sure if my writing was correct.
Then, I made an appointment with the interviewer there.
I would really like to be a psychologist.
Now I start studying by reading easy English books like penguin readers or watching foreign dramas on TV or CNN Student News.
I often climb mountains.
While I'm climbing by myself, I can think about various/ a lot of things and sometimes good ideas come up to me.
But in Japan, the Tohoku area nuclear power plants had big problems because of the earthquake.
Anyway, I didn't miss the airplane.
At Amsterdam, we had a radiation level check of our luggage.
I'm going to visit the USA next month, and I'm going to stay with a family there.
but they are often on sale.
I hope every thing gonna/ going to be alright
* ema; a votive picture tablet of a house
I intend to go to bed as early as possible.
I thought a lot of the play equipment would be difficult for my 4 year old daughter, but actually she enjoyed the playground with my 10 year old son.
I went to an italian restaurant tonight after school.
At first, when I entered the restaurant, the staff gave me a card and explained
I think It worked for me more than an appetiser.
After the cook finished cooking, I put my card on the register, where first their staff gave it to me, then I could go anywhere to have a seat in the restaurant, which was really large.
After I finished eating, what I should have done was just going to the entrance and gave a card back to the staff, then they could calculate my bill.
There were many people so I think that restaurant is very popular in London.
I didn't go out all day today.
If you are a competent worker, you will choose the merit system.
It is difficult to estimate one's ability accurately.
Then, the Hong Kong Government must hold a natural activities of Hong Kong travel festival.
In this way, we may promote more activities of nature such as hiking and mountaineering for visitors.
There were a lot of fallen leaves on the pavement in front of my apartment.
Who is responsible for cleaning up those leaves?
Is it the responsibility of the manager of our apartment complex?
Now, my foot, arm and body are very itchy.
The Roman's structured and man-made world wide empire out of architectural forms, and those architecture forms revolutionize the ancient world and excerpted and lasting influences on the architecture and the architects of post classical times.
Uh, And you see a park of the Capaline hill a transformed by Michelangelo into the famous Campidoglio, as well as the...
All of my friends will get to spend a long vacation for 4 days in their hometown except for internatinal students who can `t go back to their own country.
I hope his parents will be braver to buy a new wonderful car after they consult with their wallet.
They are not vegetarian.
This week was so tight that it was decided that I cannot take a rest day during the week!
He always got mad at me when he's in a bad temper even it's very little thing.
Unfortunately I don't have a co-worker to share his calumny.
Me and my husband will eat out in commemoration of this anniversary.
The place needed to be cleaned was a 50 m long flower bed that formed along a road to an entrance.
After the work had been done, I looked around and it looked quite neat.
Quite frankly, I tried several times to read it but all failed.
The young girl, the main character, her name is Lin Da Yu, after being sick
I went shopping with my friend.
When I read about this portal, I couldn't believe that someone would help me and fix my mistakes without any salary.
If any of You are interested in history or geography of my country or city-please write-I will do my best to help you.
I am so lucky that I found this website one day ago. I have been looking for something like this for a long time. First entering it, I wrote information about myself. Welcome to you all over the world and hope you make friends with me. I'm willing to make with friends with you.
My head portrait is of NBA player Vince Carter who is an active duty basketball player, which shows how much I love NBA.
Today I learned that the Spurs have won the 7th game of the playoffs against the black horse team, the Hornets, this season.
I love Spurs not because of the team (they have won 4 championships in the last 9 years), but for one guy, Tim Duncun.
Recently, some Japanese enterprises are starting to use English in their offices.
I have challenged myself to learn English many times,
foreign restaurants.
Too many people everywhere..
I'm going to travel to Australia next month.
I'm going to on a simple tour which includes a round trip plane ticket and hotel only.
That's why I research some local tours by internet and some books.
So I started to create an English drill, and because one word can mean several things, I used example sentences to hint the actual meaning, but I wouldn't want to have incorrect ones.
I wanted to take nice shots, but they were moving quickly.
Japanese peaple are said to be workarholic/ s which I think so.
Young people, including me, are not more workaholic than older people.
Because, older people worktoo late (or too much) and somtimes go to work even on the holidays.
I do not want to be workaholic.
In our university there is a very convenient system where we can use all the fitness center year around with a fee of only 1000 yen!
Whenever, wherever
I am listening to 'Whenever, Wherever' now.
In fact, I have already bought a Spanish textbook.
In Japan, Spanish is not a major language like English, so Spanish textbooks are more expensive than English ones.....
Why can't we have less since we are in univerisity?
there is a problem?
Since then, my plants have been getting vigorous.
A guy who is traveling in Europe meets a Parisian on the train.
There was only one night they could be together.
Extremely Hot Day
It is extremely hot in a lot of cities in Japan today.
I sometimes teach students Japanese and mathematics.
In December I will have finished my university education: I will have a master's degree of innovative activity management.
This week, I have to concentrate my exams.
I want to do a language exchange on Skype.
But today was a rainy day in the Kanto region.
It is because we can forget everything like the unstable economy.
How about your company??
In summer quarter, I took an ESL (which is an abbreviation of English Second Language) class.
I could see various kinds of people.
I enjoyed peoplewatching heartily.
There is an increasing amount of vegetarians in world.
Other vegetarians think it is wrong to kill animals cruelly.
This text is for university students, and includes econometrics.
Japanese universities 'entrance examinations are very difficult,
As a result of Judo training and my part-time job at an izakaya, I learned a lot of things which are necessary for my business.
so student should have the ability to practice self control if they want to live good life.
they pay amazing amounts of money for a preparatory school for entrance examinations.
I am sure I won't solve this problem until I die.
Although it will not easy, I should change my schedule.
But I don't know how to change my schedule to the best way.
Could you give me some advice??
Do you have any bad habits??
The main activity of this circle is organizing what is called ``IW (International Week)``.
Let me explain, my university has some collaborations with foreign ones.
I'm sorry for long sentences...
In which we'll reach the heaven that exists
My parents gave me some souvenirs, such as chocolate and vegetables.
Thanks to them I can get by until the end of the year.
After that, we dated few times and I was a little confused about our relationship.
Then I found he is kind of arrongant and everytime we were together, he always complained about something.
Fortunately, his skill was not that excellent and I just can't enjoy it that much to lose my mind. (Is there anyone who is under 18 here?)
This guy, who wants his cigarettes, asked me to bring them to his house.
However, there are still various hardships during this age.
Two of their classamates saw it and then warned my brother.
Fortunately, it has been already solved with a peaceful ending.
I will go home to stay with my parents and eat some moon cakes. Although I dislike eating moon cakes, I enjoy staying with my parents!
The latest conveyor-belt sushi restaurants have/ serve not only fish, but cake and jelly and juice.....
I'll recommend lang-8 to my colleagues.
Recently we were challenged to become familiar with English in my office.
Foreigners can feel uncomfortable when they sit on the floor while they have meals
First let me introduce myself.
Although I am interested in English, I am still not good at it.
Actually I have a good enviroment to learn English--I study in an International college.
Almost all of my teachers are foreigners.
When I talk to foreigners, I am too nervous to express my feelings.
My grammar is not good.
So I registered on this website, and want to make some friends.
I want to learn English and Japanese (I'm crazy about some Japanese idol).
Last February as well I went to my parents house and met my sisters.
On that evening, Yoshimi and I started to catch up with each other over some beer, as usual.
Next time I'll be more relaxed.
I am a college student and my major is informatics and communication.
many companies in the world record great loss
After I knew this site, my English level seems to be developed.
Thanks for Lang-8.
Now, Korean time is 12: 10.
I have a music skills test.
When I was lazy, people were still practicing music.
Through this process, their emotions changed dramatically.
One of the targets of me of this summer is to make an album with my friends.
I took a class about implied meanings in English sentences.
First, ``If you think a seat belt is uncomfortable, you're never tried a
? Pardon?
I want to learn English to study computer language and computing technology.
I'm Linda and I'm from China. It's a small town in HeiBeiwhich I'm sure you wouldn 'thave heard about.
poort--all kinds of sport but mostly as a spectator.
The sport I like most of all is Latin dancing.
I'll try any sport you suggest.
I would say that my school has really beautiful scenery.
In that Bahrom Education, we can learn how to share with others in society through philosophy, etiquette, religion (specifically Christianity) and the history of SWU and the class includes group discussion or performance and individual activity.
The conclusion is that I have liked and will always like my school
Because of some troubles, they are divided into two groups.
I went to an open campus at Sophia University with my friend today.
I heard over ten thousand people visited there yesterday.
I have to study English much harder.
In the book, the bad aspect was the plot seems provocative, but the good things were delicate description and accurate observation about the things all around us.
I am now a memeber of the international sales department in a ceramics company.
Now I have no customers, I don't know what I should do.
I changed my profile photo to a tiger.
After 30 minutes walking, I felt tired.
I'm a stupid girl.
Everybody dance
Although, I don't have to go to bed right now.
One of my dreams is to become a good English speaker, so though having my English corrected on this site, I can become a fluent English speaker and writer.
I will write in my diary once a day, because I want to improve my English ability.
She didn't mentioned her age but I'm guessing that she is 20.
I had dinner late last night, I knew that but the food was still sitting heavy on my stomach,
I am a university student.
I want to improve my English skills.
I'm wearing my favourite red dress and I'm wearing some make-up.
Sam and his friend James are true adventure travelers, and together the boys have done and seen some amazing things in the past year.
It's weird!!
Then she said ``Yes, I am Idahoan.`` Well, how about a Washingtonian?
I got a perfect score!!!
I like movies where I can detect and solve some mystery about the main character, so I was not content with this movie.
After I finished watching it, I searched about the content of hostel on the net.
I got a call asking me if I could go to the cinema now an hour later after I finished watching hostel.
Actually sometimes old eggs cause food poisoning for salmonella,
Many japanese people eat raw eggs so the expiration date of eggs in a Japanese super market is very short, usually 2 weeks and the eggs are placed in a cool place.
I love Xmas
I always get 3 or 4 presents every Xmas.
When it comes to Xmas...
This is used in another occasion to socialize.
The other thing I love about Xmas is the food.
Xmas is way better than New Year (I hate this one and I'll tell you later why)
Whenever the blackout occurred, I browsed internet and logged into Skype and spoke with people in order to kill time.
The prefectural governor of Tokyo said that we had to refrain from viewing the cherry blossom.
I am pleased to meet you.
He said that our direct business strategy was finished, so we must work indirectly.
His said indirect business advocates more cooperation between a vendor and carrier.
We will continue selling directly with vendor's product or carrier's service customization, but now we must sell service indirectly as well.
to my client directly, but we contract vendors and carriers internally.
S our company is a system integrator, so generally we have IT skills, but we don't create any of our products internally.
So I fell uncomfortable recently.
I was dreaming of my ex-boyfriend.
This is not the first time.
I can't tell him because he has a girlfriend now.
There are thousands of people who fluently speak Japanese and they are passionate about helping others.
But, when I find positive things in my life, I become very happy
I think its difficult growing vegetables.
It's often said that old people go to bed and get up early in Japan.
Suddenly a hospital offered her work, and it was a good opportunity for her.
I know if many teachers violate the law, my school will be in chaos.
In Osaka, central prefectureKansai region, a famous manzaishi, Knock Yokoyama became the governor in 1995.
According to the Japanese government, 56 countries have offered assistance, but they are not coming yet.
The Japanese government looks tired.
I clicked it without any hesitation.
I feel grateful to him and I enjoyed my first day using lang-8.
Well, when I first played this game, I was surprised because the hero is only a civilian, but he kills innocent people for money.
I really liked that!
It was little salty, but anyway except that, really that okonomiyaki was my stuff!
its really nice. yoga's really good for not only the body, but also the skin and for relaxing!
You can make mochi in ten minutes.
Spring has now come, but I like autumn because I get hot quite easily.
I spent almost the whole day watching my favorite movie.
Indeed, this movement which used to provoke debates has recently obtained a religious status un Spain.
My life has been painful since they look it from me and now I don't have anything to live for.
Today I want to tell you the main problem I face when I speak a foreign language.
The problem is that I forget words during speaking.
Tomorrow and the day after tomorrow I am going to visit Miyagi prefecture in Japan, where there was severe damage by the huge tsunami that happened in the last 11 March.
This is my first time writing a diary.
I have been in the USA for business for two month.
So please check my diary.
Because, I can't speak English well.
My English grade is the worst.
Maybe because of Tadanali Lee.
I am watching a soccer game on TV.
I took listening and writing and grammar tests, I won the first prize in my class,
But I wanna keep her as my customer.
Am I a bad character?
Yo quiero dormir
I wish to visit United States one day, my teacher said it is a cool place, I want to go to disney too, but it is too expensive, I have to work hard first.
I'd like to know about their culture, well our cultures don't have much of a difference I guess...
I have not exercised for almost three months,
because my daughter was born three months ago. + Mazeltov! +
It is not healthy, so I have to exercise and lose the extra weight.
I went to a convention hall today to attend a conference which was hosted by a Japanese Internet company.
Later I want to work with groups like UNICEF, World Vision or Good Neighbors.
People catch them with paper dippers.
Anyway, I held blind date for two, and I didn't know there was chemistry between the two.
I have 2 jobs, I've had them for2 and half years.
Because nursing home's salary is low and I have time before, I started mypart time job.
There were many families and kids when I arrived there.
I don't mind because there were enough strawberries to fill my stomach.
It's white, little and cute.
So, I will try to listen to one episode a day.
We will go to Wenyi Street and buy a lot of clothes, shoes and so on.
I want to study but I don't know what to study for and how to study.
His act was illegal of course, but is it so serious a crime that investigation of his house was needed?
I had a plan that I ran for 5km and did biked for 2Km.
Muu, I don't want to be in a world where I can't use Twitter and Facebook:(
It's usual in Japan, because there are rice cookers in every house in Japan.
This morning, we took pictures at a photo studio.
Of course, grandparents had too.
I bought a new Windows PC for my mobile last Thursday.
Today is Wednesday. I'll talk about Iceland. There are a lot of things in so many ways that differ from what he or she is used to doing at home.
Iceland is different from others countries in the world. For instance, there is no pollution. Dogs are not permitted on the island. And there is no army, there is only one jail because crime is so rare in Iceland.
Even though they don't have good teachers there, they can speak English very well, but how can people except much from teachers who can't speak English fluently, though they can speak better than the Japanese.
But today is the first time to use this website, so I want to write and share something.
That's the English test as it is called.
He is one of the most popular authors in Japan.
It is difficult for me but I try.
But it is obviously dangerous to ride on a bicycle on frozen ground.
Good Morning!
Even though BP's best was not enough, we should try the WORLD BEST.
Yet, the weather forecast said it would be snowy today.
We usually start to study English in junior high school as compulsory education.
The lioness are in charge of hunting during day and night, and protect the young lions.
The lionesses usually stay in a group all their life, but the lions often change their living place.
And beat the swine flu before you infect someone else!!
I've prepared power point slides for a presentation, written a resume, etc.
In Japan, it is very popular that girls wear it in a fireworks display.
It is said that girls who wear a YUKATA are twice as beautiful as when they wear usual clothes.
Therefore, I became nervous when my girlfriend wore it.
They lived in rarely visited areas and made hanging bridges over the
The bride's friends usually put the henna on their hands and her mother must pay for all the women who want to do their hand.
* Tones the thigh, calf, and hip muscles.
Today we drove around the city.
First we went to Tanba-Sasayama city and saw the fossil of the dinosaur in Hyogo Prefecture.
So I keep on studying!
In July I'm going to London to work and I'm a little thrilled, because I don't know whether I'll manage with my English skills.
The relationship which has no development.
It's nothing else than a program which displays us the flashcards and makes sure that we are learning them.
You may also ask, 'what the hell are the flashcards'?
After 3 hours of driving, we arrived at ``Myrtle Wave Water Park``.
We were disappointed about the appearance and the size of the water park at first, but we started enjoying the slides.
Calavacy? [??] (anyway) which is a kind of seafood fries is the famous dish in Myrtle beach.
I just smiled at him, pretending like I wanted to learn too.
Fourtunately, the waitress took us to the table when I made eye contact with him. It was a very embarrassing moment.
Trouble with new security software
I went shopping with my daughter and mother.
It was my daughter's birthday, so I wanted to buy anything for her.
I bought two white blouses.
One is for me and the other is for my daughter.
Then we had lunch.
My daughter said that she had a great time.
Don't even have the strength to go prepare myself tea..
And I am really looking forward to the day when I got the passport and a letter of admission from a good school.
Yes, it's true that all of everything is one of true love.
True love is just to being yourself.
I'm applaud all of them.
Indeed, today I had to research the program of going to India and decide which project to do.
I think an India project is good because of its flight cost and the language people in India speak, english.
The first man is a famous comedian who is famous for his unattractive face.
Well, laughter is the best medicine..
I have half a book to finish. When I'm finished I will know the basics in Photoshop and be able to enjoy using it.
The weather as well as my feelings is bad.
I have had a bad headache recently, so I can't easily think inother languages.
I want to be to writing fluently and quickly...
But I didn't want to because I don't have money.
Please teach me what that means.
I tried to hum the rhythm and the lyrics to my friends, andnone of them knew the song.
I ended up using ``I'm Yours`` by Jason Mraz.
It `s interesting to study English.
I think American culture is so boring
We have a problem about our equipment in our project.
At the moment, it is necessary to make a special A-frame to support the Long shaft, weighing about 13. 6 tons.
We made a draft drawing and sent this drawing to our Design Department to calculate the the size of the beam for fabrication.
Request scaffolding above the vessel.
Like I wrote earlier: out of sight, out of mind, so I'm seldom irritated by my hidden rubbish dump.
XD Ironically, some things I discovered in my cupboard were literally '' out of my mind ''.
When I found particular things, I didn't even remember I had thrown them in my cupboard!
^ ^; I discovered all the drawers in it were full of old stencils, notebooks, exercise books and other school stuff which I no longer needed.
If this is what you want then everything will be over!
As you know, this movie made us experience adventure indirectly.
However, that I spend time talking about interesting topic is hard to do.
I got a job in a travel agency and I was a student on the weekend
With the start of a new year, cherry flowers give us a pleasure of spring and an exciting feeling of a new year's beginning.
They thought it would create a positive economic impact.
I really enjoyed her preformance
However, he never got even one rabbit from that time on.
I'm a student and 24 years old.
My first reason is because I think life is colourful.
Well, not for me, as I'm atheist and therefore I'm not going to church or going to pray at the cemetery.
Yesterday I found a terrific site on the Internet.
I took the TOEIC test on 29th Octorber.
I am confident my broad-range experience and achievement in sales and marketing divisions.
We've already booked the flight and the hotel and now we're choosing what to see.
Language practice
All this time I have been working, building and speaking with my foreign friends.
But these friends are all students and they can't speak with me very often.
I find friends for speaking on ICQ chat or Skype and if you want, we can meet in real life.
Every night I see him in my arms but when I get/ wake up he disappears like a memory of himself.
We went to a Japanese syle restaurant, we all ordered pork chops, it was very delicious.
they were soooooooooooooooooooooooo bad....
When we wash our clothes, we hang these clothes on a clothesline in a corner of the garden.
They are so cute and mysterious.
But the fact is that I didn't buy a ticket, and going back to my home for the holiday will just be a dream.
I want to comfort my close friend because the one she has loved
All I can do is to give her a phone call and say 'Hey, I'm here.' However, I know it is totally different between
It's really a lonely world.
I will travel to Hawaii in April.
The famous pancake restaurant is called ``Eggsnthings``.
My friend gave me some vegetables yesterday, such as: eggplants, green bell peppers, and corns.
I'd like to talk and debate with my kid in English in the future.
I don't think I could eat it again for a month.
I'm worried that I'm getting fat because I put sugar and milk in coffee.
After graduating from junior high school, I joined Japan Air Self Defence Force.
I have decided to make use of Lang-8 to improve my english ability
I am shocked
One friend came from Pataya, where he works. He came with his friend
We went to the karaoke together before going home.
My other friend is from France.
Another friend used to pracice English with me. He helps me learn English so at the moment he pactices English a bit.
This was the second time that I have climbed it.
While climbing, it rained and we walked through sander (?) cloud.
Strictly speaking, it's different, so I think they should have taught it properly.
You can probably watch such lives in American family dramas.
And in such HCs, they conduct commissioned business on the DIY works of customers by requests from them.
I've just finished writing the lyric! Please read!
If there's a new horizon to pursue, I would write verse two
E: People do and I said ``given (that you do)``, you dumbo.
E: Given that you were not my girlfriend, I would've broke open your head and scooped up (out) a portion of your brain for my research.
In language, speaking, writing, and most importantly listening.
I will try to listen to your voice
I found a new way to learn english by watching videos with double subtitles.
MS has different symptoms in each patient like visual dysfunction, smell disorders, facial paralysis, vertigo, dysphonia, sensory problems like pain or paresthesia, paresis of different parts of the body like hands, or feet, or even a half of the body, etc.
MS can change a person's life very deeply.
Every family is preparing yummy food and other things for the festival, nearly ten days before the festival, people are busy shopping for things, which includes chicken, duck, fish, meat, tea, wine, candy and so forth...... everything must be prepared. Also we need to get some special gifts for other relatives and friends, parents will buy some new clothes for their kids, kids like to wear new clothes on that day.
The Lunar spring festival also has another name called ``guo nian`` which means to come through the new year's day. During ancient times, ``nian`` means a monster that can bring bad things and bad lucks to people. If ``nian`` is coming, everything will not go well. When ``nian`` has passed everything will go well. So how could people come through ``nian``? We need to use fireworks to get it out of here, it's also another way to celebrate this popular festival.
moreover a bus arrived 20 minutes late.
How is your country's weather these days?
I really liked dinosaurs when I was a child.
I often go to a climbing gym every weekend.
I have not been to a climbing area in the mountains.
There are several words on the Web, such as tofu jelly and bean curd jelly.
By riding on the bicycle, every scenery of the city seems fresh.
Have you ever usedFacebook before?
com, facebook has both positive and negative effects on people.
You can find a photo that had been taken by a witness in the following attachment.
First of all, I think children should have cell phones as they are important for security purposes.
Second, I think using cell phones on puplic transportation should be banned because it sometimes creates trouble for people especially old people who have electronic implants in their bodies.
I need to use my time well to practice my English ability.
After the earthquake, I found consumers 'consumption behavior changed.
If possible, I want to learn french or italian or grammer ^ ^
The daughter is about 25, and her sons are two and three years old.
I want some advice on what souvenirs would be good to give each person.
Hopefully/ Hoping to escape from stress.
When I was coming back to my home, I met Lawrence, who is my friend by chance.
Last week I did a presentation in which I introduced an article for our major.
I played the guitar, I sometimes played the fiddle or tin whistle.
If you are interested in it, please try to search it I on You Tube.
My name is kKaoru.
I'm an ordinary jJapanese high school student.
I often make mistakes in English and I sometimes feel embarrassed when talking to foreigners.
Today `s test was a total mess.
Television has so many funny programs that they watch television instead of talking with their parents, and they can get addicted which means they have little time to talk.
I like Disney very much, and she knows that.
Moreover, it was hot today.
Today, I talked with my friend who is worrying about love.
I completed a kind of figurine at last.
I've studied some languages. Chinese, English, French, etc. some were at school, some were with friends.
Because of this, I cannot speak every language I've studied in the past.
Chinese and French pronunciations* are very difficult, especially* Chinese.
I found solace in some heartwarming words in which people overseas praised the behavior of Japanese people: There was no panic, nor riot; They behaved calmly; They gave way to each other; Many people gave a hand to strangers in need.
I went to a Japanese Restuarant with my younger sister yesterday.
Personally, I don't like sushi much but it was delicious.
I want to say ``thank you`` a million times.
I didn't even realize the cough drops made my stomach worse.
We ate sushi and after that drunk ice chocolate, so now I'm very full.
I decided to take the fourth trial of GEPT.
I feel like improving my English skill more and meeting many foreign people.
My hair is like this photo.
Isn't it a weird system?
This does not make any sense at all to me.
Gradually, her body weakened, and she hardly spoke a word.
My Aunt said that she was sorry that none of Grandma's family were able to meet her before she died.
The doctor said that I have an allergy to water from indoor swimming pools.
I am an overseas marketing representative of a lighting company.
To my sadness, villains certainly do exist in any society.
There were lots of toppings on it and it was so good!
I envy him because I wear contact lens and it is a big bother for me to maintain it.
By the way, I really have to study English earnestly.
The simple things are the best things.
I saw a beautiful foreign woman 10 meters ahead at Ikebukuro yesterday.
I forgot that I was wearing a mask on my mouth and a sumo print T-shirt.
I don't know whether she was smiling or laughing,
She was only laughing or smiling at me but I had a nice opportunity!
I can't talk with a foreigner when I am alone.
I've just bought my new headphones;) I must admit, the sound is far better than my previous ones.
Some friends call me ``a English newspaper-holic.``
Despite the fact that I had a hangover yesterday, I went to go to Roppongi Hills (in Tokyo) to see a movie with my friends early in the morning.
The day before yesterday was my friend's birthday!
I like American TV Drama.. Gray's Anatomy, Desperate Housewives, 24, LOST, Criminal Minds (I love Mattew Gray Gubler!).
My Friends (One is Korean, Another is Chinese) are more informed about Japanese TV Drama than me (I'm Japanese!).
After watching the movie, we took pictures.
My friend who is Korean had many color pens and cute seals to decorate the album.
After making the album, we ate ice cream.
I think that I want to eat Cold Stone Creamery's ice cream every day.
I bought the Citypass in order to visit the ROM as the Citypass was cheaper than the entrance fare at the/ for the ROM.
I always pursue my goals.
I want to use more natural and native like expressions instead of awkward ones.
I drew him a still life, landscape and an act picture.
Igot out of bed, and opened the curtains.
I fell in love with Robert Pattinson!
But the first time, I didn't like him because he was cold to the heroine and other characters.
Today my computer is broken, so I did not write my notebook, I have many things I want to write but I am not good at english, I am a student and I am studying about fashion dictate,.. and today I am a little busy, because we have a exam and it is about english. ihave lost my confidence in my english..... the future is grey
I'll eat foods that have a lot of dietary fibers, low calories, and healthy,
For example, konnyaku, wheat, tofu, etc.
Inconsiderate and racist closed captions in ``The Tonight Show``
I am a cook, but I am also a student a university.
I want to improve my English skills, so I am writing a diary.
But I have nothing interesting to write.
Boring courses and endless homework make me feel ignored.
As is often the case with many animations, they have their original sources (such as novels and video games) which carry messages from the authors
Toyota Motor Corporation, which is situated in the eastern part of Nagoya city, was an economic leader for more than__ decades in this area.
I have studied English at a certain English school in Nagoya.
I should give up studying about prosthetic limbs in Japan.
I had a conference at the office yesterday.
Since/ Because I caught a chill from the air conditioning during the conference, I felt worse.
For example cucumbers, watermelons, eggplants, potatoes and so on.
I haven't written my journal for one month.
Of course, I do not like typhoons.
I think young and healthy people should give up their seats to older people or pregnant women in trains and buses.
Honda's shooting and assist were so wonderful!!!
I went into various kinds of sports:
It is special kind of dancing.
My mother made my favorite dishes: ear shell soup, duck cuisine, etc.
I was full in the stomach and empty in the head. (^ ^)
After shopping, I dropped in for a cup of ice coffee at Starbucks.
Learning Portuguese
I noticed that Portuguese grammar is more similar to English than Japanese.
But they are also a little different.
I sometimes can understand it while/ by reading, but I can't write and speak it.
I still haven't studied writing and speaking.
I'm embarrassed to say it in front of you native English speakers but I am teaching English grammar as a part-time job.
attached is my curriculum history for futher Information.
I searched the internet and found an interesting page.
If you have interest in Japanese and have time, you should have a look at this page.
Because I'm poor in grammar.
It has taken shape under the influence of the social cataclysms of the 20th century.
My friend give me this website.
I think it is a catharsis for them.
However, I cannot understand why an 11 year old boy chose to commit suicide.
business streets during holiday
We are in our winter holiday, so I went to see the business streets without workers.
Well this is enough for today.
It's delicious!!!
Frankly speaking, I make this desion with worries and hesitation.
I listened to a free public lecture in Topaz hall.
He gave a lecture on the 'Challenge toward Excellence'
He is only 31 years old but, he has had a successful career (related to/ in) international organization.
and I felt encouraged.
If I could write english well I could have written in more detail
I'm interested English, Spanish, and Italian.
That has made me want to be a flight attendant.
If I use the wrong sentence please tell me the right sentence.
Nothing brings you peace but yourself.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Recently, I have been interviewed for jobs in China.
because you are japanese, you can get huge income.
Do you know what foreign accent syndrome is?
My name is Bianca, I am Japanese and I'm studying at university, I am studying English and little bit of Spanish.
My hobby is walking around at a park, shopping, and karaoke!
Christmas is almost here..
But I think to go on a trip on Christmas is good idea, because you can enjoy illumination for Christmas at other places you have never been and also sight seeing.
I think this is different from English speaking countries, right?
sometimes we laughing,
I might make a lot of mistakes.
I was surprised by my friend in the UK on Skype the other day.
Actually, I cut my hair in the front by myself.
I said to my boyfriend.
There are many children who cannot apologize.
Yesterday, I read an article about ``Lang-8`` in on the Internet news.
It was very difficult.
I am disappointed by my English, but I can `t give up my objective, so I believe I can improve my English, and absolutely achieve my objective.
Anyway, I have been writing English essays recently because I need to write one next February.
I could communicate with them, but when they got drunk, I couldn't communicate with them.
My English is very limited.
I boiled water after adding salt, then boiled the spaghetii.
While boiling the spaghetii, I sliced two pieces of garlic, cut a chilli in half, and minced some parsley.
I put some olive oil into a frying pan, and fried the garlic and the chilli over a low flame until golden brown.
I removed the garlic and the chilli from the frying pan and added some bread crumbs.
For instance, if you say something like 'long time no see' if you want to greet your old friend, because
I'm working at foreign company as a member of HR department.
In that situation, I thought he was insane and very crazy.
He said, ``Maybe Jinwoo comes to school at 6: 40AM.``
Breakfast?
I just did arrangements around my desk so calmly and looked around in the class.
Whoever I am, it's unavoidable to taste bitter feelings, isn't it?
I like to play video games.
Yesterday afternoon, Dave prepared to join a baseball game, but
I went to Tokyo Disneyland on September 13th.
I thought there were not that many people.
I was invited by a friend who is one of the hosts.
After that, we were explained
I want to have more opportunities to communicate with others in English.
I am a beginner, but I will work hard to master communicating in English!
It is very good for their English.
but actually, I don't have confidence:-(
While talking with her, I realized that I prefer to hesitate first and then act. Here is one example
If you get a brand-new thing (some kind of accessory) for free, do you always use it right away or wait until later?
If you sayYes, you're a person who likes adventure and lives now!
Umm,,, I can't make long sentences:(
but only me and one other had/ got 100%
Additionally, I would like to help people in need concerning Japanese!
I have to research about things to doin China.
A complaint letter (Writing Task 1 in Cambridge IELTS 1 General Training)
I feel so glad that can improve my written english this way. And thanks to the people who accepted me as their friends on this website. I will write something on this website and also deal with some of my friends 'problems when they learn chinese. We can help each other this way. Meanwhile, I also want to communicate with them. So if anyone sees this diary and also feels like they want to communicate via MSN, my msn screen name is honeyan@ live. cn.
He hit his head hard on the ceiling and got a concussion.
My Vietnamese Mamma
Many people tell me that I'm crazy because I'm studying Japanese.
``Japanese is a difficult language``?
I am really studying Japanese, and it doesn't matter what people say.
First one I met, I first met in Los Angeles when I was in second grade.
We went to a lot of sightseeing places like Disney land, Universal studios, Hollywood and so on.
Recently, CO2 iscausingacid rain particularily in Europe. As a result, forests have been injured.
For example, the higher the global temperture is, the higher the sea level will be due to melting ice, as a result, some islands will sink. Of course, people who live on these islands will have to leave their country.
For these reasons, I believe that thebenefits are outweighed (outweighed) by the negative impact automobiles have had on the environment.
They have lived in Melbourne (for) about 40 years.
I bought a wine-coloured cut and sewn.
I have been seeing him for two years and three months.
I will buy a Christmas present for my parents next Thursday.
I read some comics and played video games.
During my business trip on Wednesday through Thursday, I found a cute cake being sold at Marui (department store).
I bought two packages impulsively.
We are keeping touch since 2007 and he would help me make other canadian friends through Facebook.
It is said the flapping wings of a butterfly might create slight changes in the atmosphere, and, thus, (it might) change the path of a tornado or prevent the occurance of the it.
It's much like a metaphor which can be seen in movies as well as in our real lives.
No one knows what will happen, since we're not fortunetellers and can't predict the future.
One of my friends called me this evening and said, ``One of my friends in high school has died``. It is difficult for me to accept that, even though she was not one of my closest friends, she (always) let me copy her homework before exams. I used to go to her house, where we liked singing (songs) and (?) shipping (?) quite often. I didn't expect her to leave from my life soon like this. I feel sad.
I used to cook thai food with her, like pudthai. we were really happy to do it because I told her that I couldn't cook anything except an omlet.
Also, I ate the expensive food at her house because we bought a lot of thing for that, you know, thing near her house. It is really expensive but on that day, we didn't care. But, we cared about whether or not we could eat the food, because maybe it wouldn't not delicious.
I just didnt have a chance to use it.
So, I registered and wrote this.
I haven't spoken in English for a long time, and I know little about
I really don't know how to improve my English.
I have found, so far, that this system is potentially very beneficial for me to keep posting entries, especially since I am having a hard time keeping daily updates on other websites such as facebook and so on.
I am not saying that lang-8 is better than facebook as a SNS site, but this might be a system that suits me well and it encourages me to continue learning on a daily bases.
The 5th day, Gymnasium
But I think that practice is very important.
You can make different friends there, speak a different language, the most wonderful thing is to share your own culture with others.
I know I am not that ambitious, and always have the tendency to doubt myself.
I want to improve my English ability and gain more teaching experience.
My idea throuhg my experiences is that the brain functions more efficiently in the morning than in the evening.
Noboribetsu Onsen is called '' Onsen paradise ''.
This is crazy:)
Second news: now I learn English, but my work sometimes eats (takes) time from learning:(Third news: I am preparing my photo exhibition, but I don't have (enough) time for it!
I have learnt English for a long time, but I cannot express myself freely in English.
Language environment, frequency of usage and not persisting in studying may be the reasons why I cannot make further progress.
The first thing to do when I got up in this morning was to search for the result of Classico, a match-up between Real Madrid and FC Barcelona, on the Internet.
I predicted Real had a little advantage considering about their recent performances.
I was planning to have an English meeting with my colleagues before I actually entered the company.
We, the new faces are all hired as English-speaking sales representatives, so I thought it's good for us to talk in English together to keep our English skills up to a good quality.
I talked to Hayashi-san, a female co-worker who spent her high school and college days in Australia, about my plan to hold the meeting every weekend.
I will talk to them and suggest that we have to prepare something to discuss beforehand.
Premarital sex is becoming widely embraced in Indonesia nowadays.
Those parliament members are prone to polygamy, adultery, and corruption while they talk about how immoral the youngsters have been.
I went to a restaurant to eat food.
Finally I finished writing my resume tonight.
It was so difficult for me to write it in English.
It was already more an half year that enrolled in this website.
Unfortunately, it doesn't make sense to use this website.
I hope that there's somebody who makes me understand and guides me through this strange world.
My husband said, ``I am being transferred to Hong Kong``.
Everything is very interesting and unusual for me.
The test I took consisted of 2 parts: listening and vocabulary.
According to the test result, my listening skill is in the upper intermediate level, which means my listening level is getting better than it used to be.
Which verbs may I use in the above sentence?
The reasons why I study English
I don't want to stop challenging something.
I have lots of things to study about English, like grammar and vocabulary.
I walked
I was in the Botanical garden on Wednesday.
My excursion was really interesting, I didn't know that the Blue Spruce arrived in Russia from North America, for example.
Up until now, I have worried about my English too much, so now, I have decided to go to the US.
Sumo is the traditional wrestling of Japan.
I often watch Sumo matches on TV.
Yesterday, I helped my friends write compositions until 3am.
So I'm so tired today.
I saw a scene when a person threw his cigarrete to the ground from the window of his car.
Actually, my English is terrible.
I have been taking an English class for about 1year.
Many people who can speak English fluently are introduced in the book.
Or I want to sleep more.
I made some new friends there and talked to them!!
So I will give him some tomorrow morning.
I got him smiling, so I became happy!
I heard that 3 big torched stages will be on Kalakaua Ave and there will be lots of hula shows for 4 hours!
Actually, I've been going out with my girlfriend ever since my practice teacher time.
on a snow-covered ground
Sakuras have begun to bloom.
There are many people today at the entrance ceremony.
So I hesitated to go there, but today I dare to go because the weather is good.
the place where the shopwas built is inconvenient to customers.
Today, when I came home, My son had already come home.
The eleventh issue will be released in Autumn next year.
In addition, as many Asian countries surpass the hurdles for a developed countries 'tourist such as sanitary devices, etc., it is getting more and more difficult to attract foreign tourists by ethnic and historical taste which is one of strongest resources of Kyoto.
The other day, three of recovery workers in Fukushima nuclear power plant were exposed to radiation.
Although there is conflicting information, I was dissapointed with its management system.
Doctors tried to save her, but she was injured very badly.
Fortunately, he has admitted that his clothes need a little bit of updating.
I work at a cram school for elementary and junior high school students after school.
If you like mathematics, let's try it ^ ^
Recently, I read a book that introduced a lot of English-practising.
It looks three dimensional with special glasses.
This is my first journal in lang-8 and I dont know what I should write on this page but I'll make an effort to write something and I hope it will be useful for me.
I then discovered that my pronunciation is bad.
I love Hawaii
The island is so wonderful, and from that time, my dream has been to live in Hawaii in the future.
My major was psychology and I also worked at the university.
The people around me are very nice.
But, I want to study English.
I want to talk other people and learn about their cultures.
I began this trial last week which made my living costs decline rapdily and also make me eat healthier.
For instance, when I watched South Park, which is a famous American anime, there are many words that I can't distinguish.
(Not only slang.)
So I'll try it with an accompanying CD of a English dialouge textbook.
In college, there are many books, laboratories and professors.
It is fun to dance 50 minutes, so I want to get slender body as soon as possible!!!!!!!!!!!
Actually, I have decided to go and work in Australia during holiday.
If you speak English and maybe are interested in Russia, or Russian language I guess you'll have something to talk with me about.
It's our favorite park these days.
He played there for 40 minutes, then we went to the area to play with some small cars.
It became the time to eat lunch, so we went to arestaurant near there.
He knows panda and pig before I even noticed.
I'm a college student in Japan and will go to Vancouver this April.
So, I want to improve my English grammar!
when you go to various countries, you will learn more about your country than about those countries.
However, this does not neccesarily mean that people in rest of the world live in the same way.
I like to play guitar.
I have been playing guitar for 2 years.
My family has (* or consists of) seven people and a cat Reo.
I will try to write about something interesting tomorrow.
and I asked to check out two books,
Today there is no school, because it's Sunday.
But my sister sometimes make an anonymous phonecall because it's an company charge.
I'm so happy:) and shopping is exciting!!
Today, I made a manuscript for a debate tournament with my friends.
I belong to the debate club at my university.
In the Roman circus, one of the most popular sports was performed by a person who leapsaround.
She was obliged to vow openly the she had been there.
My company sometimes holds farewell parties, Christmas parties, year-end parties and so on.
The restaurant next to my office holds a promotion that we can get free drinks for an hour for 10 people if the business card we drop into the box at the restaurant is selected.
My friend was very tired because it took a long time.
I have decided to stay with an Australian family.
I want a lot of information.
A crossing in this city may be very surprising for foreign people making a trip to Sibuya for the first time.
I repeated NPR news out loud by reading a transcription.
I have to practice more!
I will graduate in 1 year. Looking good!
we had an opening ceremony in my school and I must study hard to
I am a professional wrestler
I'm available on Monday.
Now that I know about this, I believe my english will get better.
I heard the grade of TOEIC of Taiwan citizens was lower than Japan, Korea,....
So would you please share your experience of learning English or another language with me?
I don't know why, but I overate snacks....
The time of writing a diary has gradually shortened.
For example, my job starts at exactly 5 o 'clock and it takes half an hour to get there.
We are trying to speak solely in English during the meeting.
Tomorrow I'm going to dubbing in Maldives.
However, some people will keep studying languages as long as they're not losing their interests and fondness for them, even though there are many barriers to learn them.
attend: I decided to attend the language school in Umeda.
occupy: In this company, women occupy 60 percent of the excutive officer positions.
concentrate: I was scolded by the teacher and told to concentrate on the class.
persue: Humans have been persuing the truth, but only few people have found it.
Hopefully there is someone who can help me.
Although I had made a studying schedule, I am way behind it.
But fall was coming towards us in silence.
Fisrt, I want to take a city-tour bus around Seoul.
This website of course allows me to keep practising English, but only my writing.
I'll write my french ``hello post`` later-I have my head full of english now due to my work and I'm not good at ``switching languages`` yet.
Today I practised playing card magic.
Actually I didn't exercise yesterday, either.
This is the first time we have lived far from our home so we are feeling very unhappy and miss my family so very much. Especially, I miss when we sit to eat together and when we play something together.
All students that study abroad say they have the same upset feelings. That is, they miss their family when they have a celebration and they always want to go back immediately.
I guess that famous people can permit themselves strange things which become elements of their style.
-sugar, 1-3tsp
-Put mint leaf, lime and sugar into tumbler.
Every morning I go to Starbucks coffee at 7: 30.
Hello!!
Because I thought that having a big room could lead to an expansive life.
I have not done much exercise and have drunk and eaten a lot.
Disney and Japanese animation's characters are illuminated there.
I'm learning English to communicate with online people.
Please check my sentence, and pick up my mistakes.
I are breakfast and went to the library to study English, but I coughed so many times in the library that I went back home at around 3: 00 pm.
How Will I Spend My Spring Festival
January 1st on traditional Chinese calendar is Spring Festival.
I hope these could come true.
I don't think I'm contacting him until he contacts me, because this reprehensible audacity (!) has made me all sulky.
And I'll also help other Chinese as possible as I can.
I planted sweet potates last Sunday, I also planted cucumber, eggplant, tomato, corn and watermelon.
I'm looking for big harvest.
A certain research center designated night time work a second degree carcinogen.
Tell you the truth, a cutie was sitting in front of me and I wanted to pretend that I was studying...
Everything is beyond my imagination.
Usually my landlord notices me when the visitors are coming.
However, somehow my landlord and a visitor came to my room without notice...!!
But, how could the landlord and visitor know about a story of Gachapin?
This makes me confused because I feel he's like a little boy but, I'm gonna leave my country to go to Canada in 2 months.
We didn't talk about these feelings but, someday I want to have a the time to talk about it [with him], but I'm scared that it will change our relationship and feelings.
When we see an old couple jogging together in the morning, they look happy.
I made cake of moccha for my mom and gave card from me, dad, and my brother.
At the seminar, the instructor said that Japanese tend to feel nervous or tense when they make a presentation for many listeners.
3) It is unusual even for Japanese to speak with highest honorific grade.
``I got a lot out of the experience.``
``I got a lot from the experience.``?
I have only simple sentences, and vocabulary.
Please read my sentences, patiently.
Some people think that they can learn better by themselves than with a teacher. Others think that it is always better to have a teacher. Which do you prefer?
Actually, I'm studying Microsoft Excel by myself using several exercise books right now.
However, the most difficult thing to study by oneself is continuation.
We can learn passively while being tutored and it's easier to start studying.
But I decided to get a new notebook for my convenience.
In addition, Japan was the winner of women's W-CUP football today.
ln order to get rid of my bad luck, l 'll get out of school and have fun with my friends this weekend.
The first time it was a German guy, he had been seeing a russian girl from Sankt-Petersburg before our conversation, but they had down split up.
We were talking about different writers and he mentioned Bulgakov, I said Bulgakov is a Russian writer, he was surprised and asked me ``Really``, I answered ``OF COURSE!!
She'd been learning for 5 years.
Despite this resistance, I wasted 4days and about 5000yen....
``Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides`` was exciting, too.
I go to work by train and walk for an hour.
I don't like the train because there are so many people on it.
I think that it is a good thing for children, however it is bad for adults.
This story is really sad and breaks my heart.
The pitches are written in fret numbers, so tablatures don't show musical ascent/ descent very well.
Eventually, I stayed with my friend.
Over 30 people came to the Christmas party, it was lovely!!
Wasabi is Japanese horseradish.
I plan to go to Germany for a business trip in June.
I am in the brass band
Is there any language course from April to August 2011 before I enter
I want to have many friends throughout the world/ all over the world.
Kate has her dinner in a school canteen.
Since I'll stay my home for two weeks, I can't see my dormitory friends during the term.
At my university, freshmanhave to choose one of these courses for the next year: literature, intercultural communication, linguistics and international relationship.
I bought a chicken and rice casserole, pasta and iced tea.
I like to eat spaghetti.
I don't like hot weather, neither do I like cold weather, but if I have to choose one of the two, I (would) choose cold weather.
I took a picture of the shrine and the sweet called ringo ame, or candy apple.
My wardrobe needed to be tidied up.
I go to the lessons every Sunday.
But finally I found what I exactly want.
and I just wanna learn more foreign languages, I want to be a translator.
Besides medicine and injections, what methods can help cure a cold quickly?
actually, I'm not good at speaking and listening to english..
I will plan a weekend schedule.
in the Afternoon I will be watching movies at theater, and eat dinner on a newly-opened restaurant near to it.
Sunday is my classmate's wedding day, I will attend.
What is the difference between present perfect and present perfect continuous?
I am a student, but I have a job as an instructor in a fitness club.
The members of the FIFA World Cup were announced.
Today, we had an English class and watched the drama Full house.
So everyday I look fearfully at the scales.
One of my colleagues said that if the suspicions and misunderstandings about the conflict become amplified, a war will inevitably happen and our country might be dismembered into several small countries. If that is the case, I will have to apply for a passport when I go back to my hometown (which is far from my workplace...)
I hope I can have more opportunities to practice with native English speakers.
I thought that I should be careful when driving my car on ice.
It's very cool and comfortable in summer.
I will see many animals in a famous Zoo and do horse trekking in Hokkaido.
It looks so modern. Most of the vehicles in the parking lot were cars and scooters.
I rode my bike into the parking lot and I asked the guard loudly and dignified, ``Excuse me, where can I put my bike?``.
Well, I was succesfully on the first step to being special there.
Finally, I found the most appropriate position for my bike.
Still having confidence, I went to the stand, and after obtaining my money, the bank teller asked me for the receiving fee.
It took a few minutes to collect all the small change in my purse.
A heart that is always waiting for you and satisfies with your love.
This way reflects an indemocratic face of America.
Oh, America. If you call for respect of human rights and human dignity, why did you throw Ben Laden `s corpse in the sea as if he was an animal not a human being?
Second, I decide to research literature for my theory's title with my
Finally, I want to work on improving my oral skills and not being nervous while I am reporting something.
I was surprised at how crowded it was.
I should study English very hard.
It shows a theme park, hamburger, cellular phones and Coca-Cola.
Surprise!
The new room is wide and clean.
I apologise if some of you feel offended, it's just a linguistic possibility that crossed my mind this morning.
He said a drunk person lost consciousness!
I told him the address to another hospital, because my hospital does not have a CT scanner.
I didn't want to watch the concert standing, but I couldn't watch comfortably sitting.
The door-to-door parcel delivery is ridiculously expensive, but I have no choice but to ask them.
It's been a long time since I had wrote before....
Once upone a time, there was a man who had worked hard everyday, all the time.
One day he caught a cold.
His illness was not bad, but he could 't stop his nose from running.
After a while, finally, He came up with an idea.
he looked up and just stared at the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling, because he was working in his office.
4, The plan was executed as originally scheduled.
Momo is so smart and popular among dogs in the neighborhood.
It's so expensive.
Despite that this book was written about the devil it is the smartest and the most amazing book I have ever read.
This scene is describe so detailed, it's like the author was there.
Recently I watched a TV-programme about Bulgakov and found out how he wrote it.
His wife wrote it from his words.
about photograph.
I Especially Iike the kappa sushi which is a Japanese high tech sushi shop.
He noticed us and he performed with melodramaticly for us.
I had always sent the picture from my computer skin to her becasue I can't answer her question since my sister bought the computer I never had to ask her about speck computer.
One of my friends came to my computer's control by using some program to help me check my computer.
I didn't know it had that program, and I am really surprised how he did it.
Now my senior is looking for a cheap airline chiket.
This week I talked to one of the members of the English practicing club.
However, this morning I went to my office for a little work.
Thus, the festival was really excited.
And I had lunch at a ramen shop with my labolatry members.
I gotta go to the fiesta again tomorrow.
I you have time, come to the fiesta.
Please look at this sentence below.
I don't want to face a grammar book every day (it's so boring), and I don't think it has a good effect on me.
This is my first diary on this website, so I ', m kind of nervous now because I am not sure if someone correct my English or not.
it is a good night
I am in the computer, my family is asleep beacuse is late at night!!...
It is 5 minutes walk from JR Himeji station.
I will work as a translator.
I hope I speak Japanese and English as if it were my native language some day!!
So I went out to meet one of my ex colleagues.
The cherry blossoms of the spring came little bit late this year, but the mood of spring always makes me happy
How about you?
According to the unofficial information from a friend of mine, who is the finalist of the former astronaut selection, the authorities will give the examination every (?) 2 or 3 years for some reason.
People have trouble finding jobs and they end up becoming homeless, so the government needs to help people to find jobs.
The other is to try to prevent homelessness by providing accomodations, such as hotels.
Organising medical charts
I have a lot of thing to tell you about my hometown but I scare you correct my diary for a long time please let me a bit to tell you while I stay at home and write my entry. I don't have that much to tell you, but when I went to outside I have a lot..
All the people do agriculture and take care of buffalo
There are lots of beautiful mountains in my hometown, like ZiJing mountain.
We live nere ZiJing mountain.
I've just added the Lang-8 to my favorite list.
Happily, I don't have a fever.
So, I went to the English speaking Salon in school and I spoke English.
But I have difficulty speaking correctly what I would like to say.
I watched what was happening in the northern area on the tv news.
Now, not only Japanese but also people living in abroad worry about the effects of radiation, but don't worry.
We got up at nine o 'clock and took breakfast at a restaurant in the hotel.
We packed our luggae and checked out of the hotel at eleven o 'clock.
We had to be at the hotel's lobby, so we left our large baggage at the hotel.
Then we walked down the river to Merlion Park.
About thirty minuites later we arrivedat Merlion Park.
Merlion Park has two Merlion statues.
Mixed feeling (s)
One is Mario, she's a Japanese that everyone can't tell/ guess the age of, and the other is Sinan, a turk that is a little bit mad (I mean funny and crazy, careless about the rules). So it's going to be a very fun and intensive semester.
I think during the preaching class, the speaker aroused my interest in the bible.
This is my first time on this site-I'm excited!
Hope to keep this diary for a long time enough to
and this day, I'd like to take a walk at the park with Earphones on while listening to songs of my favorite singer, 'Brian McKnight'...
When I met a doctor from Stanford amonth ago, I couldn't talk fluently.
How can I have confidence?
Please tell me, What is the difference between NO and NONE.
He had a notebook that he was carrying all time.
I think I love her. ``7 months later, they got married.
I went to Hakkeijima Sea Paradise yesterday!
Ciao!
Today I met some friends.
Recently, learning English has made me very tired,
but talking with friends in English is very and will make me
I read Japan Times Online to collect information about the Japanese economy, affairs and events.
In Japan, 'Valentine's day' has a different meaning from other countries.
I, a chocoholic, love this season very much.
How do you spend valentine's day in your country?
[2011-2-15] Surprise
Today was the happiest day in February.
Last night, when I was attending class, a cellphone call made me nervous.
Why? Because one of my classmates called us asking if someone had come back to the dormetory, but all of us were outside except for that classmate.
imaging no one was in the dormetory and my classmate saying that he heard someone getting in his next dormetory, we knew that there was a thief getting in it!
so we ran out of the classroom immediately and towards to our dormetory!
Fortunately, after arriving at the dormetory, we discovered that nothing was stolen, We were aware that the thief had the key to the dormetory, maybe the thief was a student who had even lived in the same dormetory!
This traditional festival originated from an old legend. (The next two paragraphs are not written by me, I just want you know the story.)
when my teacher heard the sounds that my classmates made with the Dan-so, she decided to let them pass the exam because they made the correct sound.
It was so exciting and unpredictable.
I know Japanese people are notorious for not knowing much history.
actually I'm surprised, its awesome, it really is.
Yesterday I made a foreign friend through Facebook.
At first, we were divided to two team.
Of course, the team being questioned have to answer quickly.
I work in the department store and sell a lot of baked cake.
In Japan, men who received chocolate from women have to give some sweets to women (on White Day).
By the way, I will go shopping with my best friend tomorrow:)
Because her school's admission exam was conducted there.
She wrote a card that says ``Thank you for coming to my town and you guys are so cool``, drew a picture and cut it in the shape of a heart, even though she hadn't seen them yet ^ ^;
I was a master of a ceremony for two or three competitions for the master of the sumo wrestlers, so I know him well.
I pretended to be the person and said ``I love you`` to my primary school classmate, and she believed it.
When my mother and my aunts grew up, and they got married and had babies.
My favorite restaurant
My favorite restaurant is ``Omoya``, located near my company in Yoyogi.
I always looki forward to eating a traditional dish of Japan that is made from seasonal fish and vegetables.
I read Sherlock Holmes, I was so excited,
Can you imagine composing a picture with nothing else but hair? Can you imagine making a picture with butterfly wings? I can't imagine this, so when I saw the pictures, I was deeply moved by the composer's patience ahd creativity.
It is difficult and hard for me to study English but I like to comunicatewith foreigners so I like studying English alot.
I was uploading in the internet for language exchange.
so I rejected him, but he has been sending me (SMS) messages and calling me until now.
We were teaching each other, but after learning he took me to a beautiful river and he said he is looking for a girlfriend..
I was very shocked and became so angry and disappointed at the men of Singapore.
Finally, I graduated from graduate school of engineering and got a degree of Master of Engineering today.
I usually spend my time drinking with my friends and watching American dramas.
Today, I found myself just watching American dramas again!!
A simple question just popped up in my head.
It's like Venice in China.
It was all lols for me but I couldn't say anything.
I met some foreigners and many students who also want to practice their language skill.
I know it doesn't make sense but I would like to know if is it gramatically correct.
Is that true?
I'm supposed to visit Germany, Belgium, Holland and Italy, at least.
Including: Meals (breakfast for the 1st and 2nd day, lunch for the 1st and 2nd day, dinner for the 1st day). Bus (from Hanoi to Ha Long Bay). Guide who can speak English, Boat. Cruising and tour of the limestone cave.
The story is hard to tell but it is wonderful for me.
The scene was recorded on video camera and the article said 'as if he were a magician'.
The person I admire is my grandfather.
When I was a child, my grandfather taught some useful knowledge, for example, Math, Chinese, science and so on.
My grandfather is very kind and courageous person, so his students all like him.
My grandfather is the person I admire.
I have no friends here to study English with.
It was too early such that there was no any other customer yet except me.
We went to a library to study until 4 in the afternoon.
Then I left for the post office to claim an official document.
I remember your smile from the past that never was, when we all lived together in a valley, in a forest.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I thought my order was received.
I'm working as a cram school teacher and I'm good at Japanese ^ ^
The tool was made by a good programmer.
My first objective is to keep on writing in English every day!
I've written an article, but I will try my best!!!:D Thank you friends for caring so much, I do appreciate any messages or corrections from you ^ ^
My roommate has been keeping three small turtles.
I was looking forward to reading this new series, but I did not notice that a new book was sold.
Lucky!
I'm happy to find a creative store that sells many creative, useful things, such as, milk in the shape of lamps, fried eggs in the shape of lamps which shimmer in the yoke, flowers in the shape of electric fans, and so on.
But the most interesting thing to me is a lamp that is like book car and can shine out its edge.
It is so convenient to me in reading in the dark that I can read comic books and won't be found by mother.
CS5 is produced by Adobe.
My daughter has been going to this school since kindergarten and she likes it.
Well, I think I'll write everyday,
Although I must go to work leaving her alone, I think that our time together is still good for us.
My wife and sister-in-laws will come back home and we'll have a party.
As you know, when experts advise you on something, you might accept it without any notion of whatyou have in your own situation that they don't know.
Why's the delay?
I'll definitely order the rest of the series.
I found that some of my friends had been here.
I like it very much.
Another was making the temperature inside their own house as cold as the temperature outside.
What kind of alcohols do you like?
Some flavors are like passion fruit, woods, or smoke.
At the event, many companies offered whiskies to visitors and the event program included an artistic performance and a cooking class featuring whiskies.
I'm going to watching musical ``singles`` with my office colleague.
Another famous scenic spot is Songyang Academy, which was built during the North Song Dynasty.
By the way, I will do a presentation for my president the day after tomorrow, so I'm a bit nervous.
``Get everybody out I want them all actived***``
I am now in the 7th semester of Engineering school.
Next,_ I_ create character designs.
But I have something to do, for example, cleaning my room and preparing for tomorrow's tasks.
Since I came back to Japan, I have seen my friends who didn't see for a year.
I talked to her by Skype at the first time.
The Skype is clear.
There are many kinds of appendices.
The system to register courses here is more complicated than at Tohoku Univ.
Most of the courses require that we get permission to register.
When I went to an Asian grocery store, a clerk talked to me and began to explain the rice sold in the store
Today is the seventeenth day of the sixth month of the Lunar Calendar in Taiwan, and the seventh month is called Ghost Month; namely, Ghost Month is coming!
As interesting as these activities are, some still regard Ghost Month as an unlucky month; hence, some keep out of playing in streams or sea, some go to temples every day, and some are very careful of what they do and say.
This was the first time in a long time, because I had a university entrance exam.
I am looking forward to him growing up.
O ~ M ~ Goodness!!
She said, once she was called into the police station because she forgot to bring her driver's license while she drove.
Thank you all for your patience and kindness.
fascinating way to improve writing
However, she is so modest and said ``I don't need anything.
It is difficult to select presents for women, especially for girls.
I am learning English and Japanese.
He was a great driver in the narrow road heading for the river.
I was very happy to talk with my friends and watch the bright water splash.
My grandfather was Filipino and my grandmother is Japanese, so my mother is a half Filipina.
Though I remember words everyday and when I read an english article it is so hard and I come across so many unknow words.
But I fervently belive that what makes you scared, will make you stronger!
But I found out that I was easily addicted to the plots, not the English actor's lines.
Fires in the forests around the city are still raging, and if the wind changes direction, the smog will cover the streets again.
Ra-yu is chili-infused vegetable oil.
Well, to make a long story short, I won a prize from a TV program that entitled me to take a picture with a baby panda at the Chengdu Conservation Center in the Sichuan Province of China.
While listening to the global news from London and giving my daughter piggyback, I wash the dishes.
This is [probably] because I slept with only [a] t-shirt [last night].
I've made a dress for my daughter.
I have made my daughter's dress which is pale yellow so she wants to be a princess too.
At the moment I have my music turned up really loud, because there are horrible sounds outside.
One of my neighbours seems to be having his birthday today.
But they are playing the instruments in a completely wrong way... it sounds awful!
Today, I'll introduce to you what I have been trying to do recently.
Ordinarily, I don't feel comfortable with the atmosphere, and I'm annoyed with them.
This attitude is better for me than being annoyed.
In summer there are no temperature differences because it is always so hot.
Do you have any ideas or do you have any suggestions of good recipe?
Generally, Japanese girls like natural color when they wear make-up but in the dark place, we can't see seer color so she thinks vivid color make up may become a trend.
I have to choose 2 subjects for passing except obligatory maths and Russian.
I am inclined to choose (what is the difference between ``to be inclined to`` and ``in favour of``?) English and physics.
I am very hesitant about physics.
I can learn by heart all dates, but I will remember them only 3-4 hours.
But now, he has found himself and he is reflecting about what he did.
Every year, on July 18th and 19th, a summer festival is held at the shrine of this town.
I dashed out of my apartment with my kids, to the street.
the leader of the mikoshi encouraged its carriers.
And the people on the street applauded to the carriers.
I am not good at summarizing stories from books and movies, so this practice is tough for me.
The story begins with humans destroying all natural resources on earth. They now have to seek resources on other planets.
They discover another planet that has a lot of resources.
However the resources lie in the places where natives live and they will defend them.
One of the AVATARs learned how the natives think, what they believe in, and cherish. Meanwhile, the other human beings attacked the tribes and their sanctuary.
They believe in spirits and cherish nature.
Level of Chinese college students 'English
As a college student in china, if you don't understand some simple English, you'll be certainly laughed at.
I'm a third year university student, my major is Japanese.
Only our Japanese department doesn't study English in the first year.
But we all have to have CET4 or CET6 (Common English Test in china, only college student can take) So we pass the exam by using what knowledge we remember from high school.
It'll make me good at pronouncing English:) I think pronunciation is very important in order to have a conversation with native speaker smoothly.
If you are familiar with Taiwan, please let me know about
I heard this is the real size.
Maybe my pace is once a month.
2 weeks have passed since the earthquake in Tohoku.
Japan has recieved a lot of support from people all over the world.
And white symbolizes purity.
Everyday, her smile makes us happy.
I don't know if the same course tracks exist in the US, and I'm not sure that the liberal arts or the science tracks have the same meaning as bunkei and rikei in Japanese.
I enjoy listening to and singing korean songs,
The two brothers are very vigorous and said to have fights constantly with their mom.
This thing is quite useful to me.
He has a great stamina, and doesn't stumble easily when someone hits him.
The man feels that the increase of the Health Center's fee is still a good deal because it is still cheaper for us than using other company's or pharmacy's.
Actually, we can save $ 65 by getting vaccinated at the Health Center.
In contrast the man says that you don't have to pay, if you don't need to take the vaccination.
In addition the man advised her to wear warm clothing and use an umbrella to prevent catching a cold because she always ends up getting sick during this season.
I took a morning bath with my son and had a breakfast with my family afterward.
We made an appointment to meet at a cafe near my house.
At first, I introduced myself, then I asked her some questions about her experience as an English teacher.
I mentioned to her that my interest is politics, so for example, we talked about why the prime minister is (so) unpopular, or what's the difference between the new immigration law and the old one, etc.
I wish I was a superman who can do many things at the same time.
My Personal History No. 1 Aug. 282010
Yahagi was one of 12 military families who supported and guarded the Japanese emperor.
The emperor called ``the descendant of the gods`` had landed on the island of Japan with military families.
First off, do not associate with the killjoys, because these people keep you from laughing and make your life a state of sadness.
Therefore, it is better for you to avoid them, because you will definitely be badly affected by those people.
Secondly, surround yourself with what you love.
Moreover, be satisfied with yourself as you are. Do not think about your height, weight, or diseases, because thinking a lot creates worries.
But all I did for preparation were only Lang-8 and conversational lessons 3 times a week.
But my youngest son was hanging around the stadium during the match.
Do you mind if I give you money for the T-shirt and the ticket when I meet you?
Some people say he is a fairy, ghost or illusion, but we don't know the answer.
If you have some good advice, please let me know.
Saving electricity is an important issue in Japan.
Head office and factory have keep temperature at 28 degrees.
But I am a sales representative
After that I have to go to outside to visit our clients
I hesitated to buy that (it), but I tried.
Because I have watched them a lot of times.
Recently the weather is so bad.
exam question
I drank TAPIOCA!!
Returning to the song, I think that without hard work, you won't speak English well.
My school is in southern Seoul, and my house is in Yong-in, Kyeong-gi province.
It's kind of irritating.
I have no choice but use that transport.
According to weather forecast, a typhoon caused the rain.
So I was a little bit disappointed.
English is very difficult to master/ learn.
If we meet someone in person, how fantastic would that be.
Then three people continued the discussion. We talked about how we will meet at Tyler's house in our dreams.
I will prepare Thai foods and neechan prepare Indonisian foods.
I was pushed by many people and I had to be in an awkward position like in the Matrix!
They can live with little water because the hump has water.
When I was a student, my science grades were very low.
I'm writing in my diary for the first time in many months.
so I haven't written English sentences at Lang-8 for a long time.
and I am going to attend the international forum with affiliated school students this autumn.
Some affiliated school students are students from foreign countries,,
I was annoyed all day long
For example, some homework and deciding the subject of my graduation thesis.
Skype is for learning.
Avatar is one of my favorite movies.
I'm little nervous
About the mine accident in Chile
At first, I was happy and impressed by the news that all the miners had been rescured.
After that, I felt a little strange.
Why did the Chilean govornment agree to re-digging such a dangeorous mine without appropriate research.
The attached lens is mine, a Nikon AF nikkor 50mm F1. 8.
I'll play with my junior shool friends tomorrow.
I hope I can meet many good friends here and exchange languages.
I believe learning languages is same as learning another world.
Today, I was reading many magazines about delicacies in the bookstore.
Blackout!!
It was a blackout!!
Today is Valentine 's Day.
ahee ~ cheer Up!!!!
Could you give me some information about this song?
There were many beautiful traditional buildings.
I ate sandwiches, scones and a little chocolate cake.
All food wasfantastic!!!
I wondered if I was aprincess.
I have visited Kassel.
I answered her that it was a story about a person who became crazy because he read too many books.
We laughed.
They were done by artists from the Impressionist movement.
I hope that I will be able to meet nice friends through my diary on this website.
When I was reading passage about a new contemporary art museum in L.
A., I found something that wasn't clearly deliberate with it's meaning.
The phrase that I didn't understand was the following, ``A successful Broad museum would go along way toward cementing that status, which makes the possibility of its failure that much more of blow.``
The story is about a TV reporter (Bruce: Jim Carry) who has just lost his job, following that, many unlucky things happen to him.
Getting to know how to speak the language is an interesting thing.
It is okay even if it is a black one.
Okay.)
It was inconvenient but I thought it was kind of funny actually.
My brother's friend's house was kind of under water.
Fortunately, I live in the highest area, so my house was OK, somehow.
I have also read the news just now, and according to this, at least 51 people were confirmed dead due to ``Ondoy`` storms and 280000 displaced due to flood.
April (?) 10th the starting pitcher was Eric Bedard.
For example, when I buy something priced A $ 1. 53, I have to pay A $ 1. 55.
The begining, I was at a loss.
It is hard for me to concentrate on study at around two o 'clock because I really feel sleepy....
I felt refreshed after the nap.
It is important to think about strategies and just try them once regardless of their credibility when we have a problem.
For example,
They tested it so seriously that I laughed more and more.
Its total area is over 17 million square kilometres.
There are different types of climate.
I would appreciate it if you would help me acquire a good command of English.
I'm concerned with a practice session in preparation for a public performance.
I am majoring in the architectural equipment industry.
I don't think it is a hay fever season now, but just some allergy of mine...
I'm a beginner at Lang-8 now.
I keep watching until around 2 or 3 a. m. I'm sure it's an unhealthy lifestyle, but I can't stop it!!
Today, I went to the university.
So, I went to see a doctor the day before yesterday.
But my doctor said that I have an ordinary cold.
Especially I liked sheeps.
Hello, my name is Claudia. I would like to be a teacher. I like volleyball, romantic movies, and anime. I like music, but a hate the banda music or something like that. I would like to improve my writing.
I figured that she might not want to talk to me so I told her it's OK to end this conversation.
3) My another parter, who is an ABC, told me that he was busy typing a menu for a restaurant.
She walks like a lady, but she always carries a large gunny bag filled with books, which is a little bit not so compatible to her ``gentlewoman style``.
I had a bit trouble when I attempted to sign up for the forum.
To my surprise the code was accepted.
Sometimes, I think about visiting France to fulfill our desires.
Maybe, I'm still scared of the feeling of losing him, who was very precious to me.
All of the students were divided into 4 teams and they made some dishes by using wheat they've already milled.
The restaurant we chosed had cute waitresses wearing Japanese traditional clothes.
I am really annoyed by them...
They especially love Red Bull and Monster.
Library is open 24 hours and a few studemts are basically living there.
Tomorrow, We will have a welcoming party for a new employee.
I'm a fan of Hanshin Tigers, a professional baseball team.
By the time it started, I had helped her buy the alcohol because she was not [yet] 18 years old.
I have to work, so I will say goodbye, and I expect to see you soon. Your brother, R
My apologies to those who work on Saturdays and those who don't work at all-apologies mixed with regret as the feeling that comes with the arrival of Friday night is so exciting.
In order to add some value to this day I've attached some amazing illustrations by Alexander Jansson that might make you feel some of the beauty, delicacy, fragility and strength of the world of his imagination.
I stayed in China for two weeks.
I was told of the existence of lang-8 by my college senior.
These are my opinions on the advantage and disadvantage of eating out.
I searched new music on Youtube as soon as I got home.
I still don't know how to use this software much, but if I can use it efficiently, I'll be able to compose cool music.
My name is Lisa. I have been learning English for eight years.
I like swimming.
The story was during our talking, he was talkingabout howhe had a big test coming up and how he was reallystressed out, because he had to read a lot of material both from the textbook and out of thetextbook.
Then, I asked him what he was studying for, and he told me he was in a TESOL program, so when I heard it I slipped something out of my mouth like ``what the, why does theTesol program need a hard test like that`` As soon as I saidthat, I regretted it, because it sounded like I was looking down at his course.
I got my result from the TOEIC.
My favorite
I started university study at an old age.
I'm a front-end web-developer.
I started 3 marionettes and even if they are in their beginning stage, I am confident that they will look great.
Am I prepare to go foreign?
I wondered if the hot springs were made naturally because there were no volcanoes there.
He said that he was European and traveling by himself.
I'm looking foward to it.
I talked with my sister-in-law today. She said that she is going to Hawaii this autumn.
Actually, I feel the negative effect caused by the credit crunch which is expanding to tertiary industries day by day.
Anyway, my office is now based in a foreign country.
In my office, there are both local and Japanese staff.
I'm trying.
``I hope you suffer just as me and my sister suffered because of you.
Introducing myself
I'll have three straight hoilidays by tomorrow.
Typhoon is Coming
There was heavy rain early this morning, because of a typhoon is coming.
A typhoon brings a lot of rain and we'll feel more comfortable in the boiling hot summer.
It says ``This island doesn't welcome the minor typhoon that cannot cause a day off.
As a result, the charge for electricity was higher than what I always pay.
Tomorrow, my mother and grandmother will come to my house from my hometown.
I had the buffet at the wedding
This morning I had to hurry.
because I woke up late.
Please check my diary entry.
haha, and now I'm too lazy to move them to my bed, I'm sitting with them cushioning my back.
I visited switzerland last week for business.
Everywhere is beautiful
, I met freiends, aJapanese woman anda German man in Zurich.
I recommend everyonevisit Switzerland for this time of year.
Then, I wrote a diary.
So, I think about writing another diary, and studying English.
Because I will go to the university next time.
I remember many memories through the air.
I really like Natalie Portman; I think she `s very talented and extraordinary, but I hope she won` t make that mistake again.
I was surprised by the very big buyout news after such a long time in theVFX industry.
Even though he only met her once? he never forgot her.
Recently I watched Mr.
And a baddy from 'Spiderman' appeared in it.
After lunch, I read a book called 'LOST SIMBOL' written by Dan Brown.
So, only 15 people can attend the program.
Do you think elementary school students, junior high school students, and high school students can do whatever they want?
I should be careful about spending the time and money.
And after that, I went to Mexico with a friend and her son.
There we had tacos and some beer, and we danced a bit.
I am staying in NY to study English.
Usually, I would watch TV or do something else.
But I have no choice.
Anyway, this bad period will last until Tuesday.
I really yearned for them.
Kartepost. com's users can share their experiences of disease.
Of course it is very difficult issue, but I just can't support them.
I'd like to use ``Diffusion`` to make a sentence.
His new home is in Akitsu, and is 30 minutes from Ikebukuro by train.
so please talk with me on Skype.
has taught me a to stay whole.
So I will study English hard!
He was listening to music while walking.
This calms me.
I hope one day I can design my own house, and use these beautiful tiles.
We ate an ice cream and drank one cup of coffee then bought two cans of honey.
Living in my house is so boring that all I do here is play games, watch TV, and study.
The earthquakes here are so annoying because sometimes we get the electric power cut off by our goverment.
It seems that for the same purpose, sometimes a sentence is put between brackets and, at others, between hyphens.
I can speak good standard Chinese, but I always misunderstand the vendors in the market.
How I miss the days when I speak Cantonese and proudly take people speaking Manderin as outsiders!
I hope everyone who uses lang-8 can help me correct my mistakes.
7-Eleven is a famous Japanese convenience store.
I can find the shops near my house.
I was very surprised.
The directoris the most famous director in Japan.
I thought, ``it's so easy,`` and wrote quickly.
My father played pachinko and I used the coins that he won.
I ate peyang sauce yakisoba.
After that, I had a English lesson on Skype for 30 minites.
When we want to express the cause of something, we say 'because', 'since', 'as' at the beginning of that sentence.
Yesterday I just got game soft.
His speech was excellent!
Actually I don't have particular plan everyday like meeting important people or anything like that but I am physically busy as hell.
Under the circumstances,
Sometimes It's not even a long enough time to create anew diary entry.
There is a student union election in my school today.
Since your entries are of great worth to two groups of Lang-8 users (people who study your native language and people who study the same language as you), you are recommended to tag keywords in 2 languages just as I did in this entry.
The maximum limit of tag number is 8 by each entry so you are supposed to have up to 4 kinds of tags.
I wanted to call the hotline of the bank immediately, but I found out that there was little power left on my mobile phone.
I couldn't be hold on for five minutes.
I think it was a success and many people were satisfied with the result.
The next goal is to advance to the best 8, so someone who can pursue the best 8 at the world cup.
Actually I wonder why no Japanese coaches were considered as candidates in the first place.
We can rent ninnjya costume to put on dolls.
There are many tree houses with difficult obstacles, a river, and a house of gadgets.
We tried to overcome the challenge of several adventure playground guantlets that required us to climb up the house, across a river to pull a rope on the board, and cross a ladder that led to the other side.
I recommend this place to anyone who wants to play a lot.
At night, I came here, Internet cafe to surf the Internet and wrote some letter on a friend's article. He comes from Canada.
Also I am travelling to Jeju-island with my family this coming April for the first time.
We exchange gifts.
The game rule is that my department boss takes out a mumber first, if it's NO. 7, the NO. 7 gift belongs to my boss.
Luckily, I take a necklace that's a dolphin, very beatiful.
Although she passed away from cancer, I believe she lived a normal life with no regrets.
She had had no children but she enjoyed her life with working, hobbies, and socializing.
I'm going to Geneva, Maienfeld, Milan, Venice and Rome.
(I'm sorry the spelling is wrong)
Enjoy your week!
I gonna watch all of Hurry Potter films with PG tips tea instead of travel.
This Thursday night I will go to a Moroccan restaurant for the first time.
when I traveled to china (Cantonese) on christmas eve in the morning.
Although the plaza had a lot of Christmas decorations, it didn't feel like anyone was enjoying it.
(For china factory Christmas is not a regular vacation).
It was unbearably muggy and sultry today.
I'm not good at English or other languages either..
Today we had a Bio-experiment class, and we viewed many kinds of plants under the microscope. It was funny, but drawing what I saw was not that interesting.
Completely forgotten
Why do I need to have a Toeic score?
especially speaking.
It is so terrible,
If I receive a good score, my school will give me a scholarship, and I can go to America for almost free.
but I won't stop eating!
She not comfortable to come because she have sick and I imagine she is really try on the wenesday because she must teach a lot of class today so I asked her not come and said 'take care of your health'
Last time I studied with her we are both studies poor the head rises.
Please tell me good resources that you recommend!:)
Express my love feelings without hesitating.
I'm a university student and also belong to English club.
For example, we try to have debates, speeches, discussions, drama items and so on.
Its been a bit over 2 months in Japan since I left England at the beginning of December.
I really like living in Japan coz foods r delicious here, compared to fish n chips, I miss the pub sooo much though.
As soon as I came back 2 Japan, I noticed that high-ball (whiskey n cider with ice) was very popular among the young generation.
I was wondering that almost all students drink only beer all the time, even whiskey originated in England; such as jack daniels, old malt and so on.
It is a strange phenomenon that more Japanese youths consume British whiskey than British adolescents!
It has been raining for three days and the temperature has fallen.
I major in software in college now, so I have to learn how to talk about computer languages, such as JAVA, C# and C + +.
I will concentrate on every detail of learning software. Maybe the next superman in this field will be me.
Last weekend, I watched an American drama called '' Heroes '' to learn English.
Luckily, I am not attracted to bad guys at all like some of my friends.
But we might already forget that the natural music enriches our daily life and inspirits people to fulfill their real music.
Though I can converse in English comfortably, there are some mistakes.
I feel I have confused my English a lot at the moment I write my journal entries wrong a lot.
I think maybe because I have read thai books and translated it in English.
We cannot afford to let immature students go astray academically, mentally, or physically.
First and formost, in terms of cultivating students 'interpersonal skills, learning via computers or televisions can never manage to reach a comparable level. Unlike learning from a make-believe world, face-to-face interaction and communication is much more real, and in all likelihood, students can effectively equip themselves with the ability to compete and collaborate with their peer counterparts. Thus, (traditional) schooling will definitely lay a sound foundation for their later social life.
And I firmly believed that learning using technology will never render school education redundant.
I listened to 3 groups's songs.
I am a university student and (I am) 18 years old.
If I can make friends here, I would be very glad.
I feel jealous because such kind of parade is in my town just for children.
The only good things were the sweets we ('ve) got after walking and juice while walking.
Now it is changing and many organizations have to admit the right to drink (something) while doing sports.
Today is a holiday called Shu-bun-Day in Japanese.
I have slept for 13 hours, and now it's raining.
There is a pumpkin, a carrot, and beef in my refrigerator.
But I am groggy-headed.
It's one of my favorite movies.
As I wrote it in my dairy before, we will hold an international exchange program in the summer in the NPO group that I belong to.
I received the wrong size item.
I purchased shoes from Amazon.
com but I received the wrong size item.
I sent a claim to Amazon, here is my message to them.
I have a picture of those different sized shoes but it is the same size on the label which is 8D size.
I don't know what to do, I'm getting lazy because of the hot, humid weather.
It was very sweet and very delicious.
You'll see the historical town from the Edo-Period.
It is over 1000 square meters on each floor.
I `ll go to Minsk in a month...)
I don't like to use roll paper in the toilet.
The Internet has truly changed our lives.
If you are interested in that kind ofculture, I'm so glad.
If you want to recommend any books or movies, please introduce them to me!!
After this, I thought: Am I Otaku?
I didn't want to see everybody crying.
I think my great aunt is happy in heaven ^-^
I did not always want to watch it, but when someone switched on the television I had to watch it as well.
This is always in Thai movies...
I attend a study meeting for examinations of patent attorneys every Saturday.
If I don't remember it and answer it exactly, I can't advance to the next question.
The trembler
We found ourselves unable to use water, electricity and gas and decided to seek shelter with my grandparents.
At the moment of the tremor, I was downstairs alone in my house, sprawled underneath a Japanese Kotatsu.
As a matter of fact, it was said that a big earthquake would hit in our region, predicted by seismologists.
I didn't think it would cause so many casualties.
Yet the tsunami ruthlessly took many people's lives.
My house is not too close to the sea, so we are away from the calamity of the tsunami.
I am scared.
Especially to Canada!
I Get tired.
Recently, I have been so busy.
But I often couldn't understand what they were talking about.
And also that situation (there are many foreigners) often makes me nervous.
Yoshi!
Hope things will be better the day after tomorrow, as I will take a rest on Thursday!
But I have heard a sentence.
When I look at that paper and the words on it. ``Today I received Yilin's $ 10000 and since then I will never threaten her.`` It made me sure that you loved me because when I did something wrong and hurt you, you didn't scold me but helped me instead.
Then I don't need to expect you to stay with me everyday. I don't need to wait for your messages and phone calls. You also don't need to wait for me to graduate from university. You can get married to a woman and have a baby as other people your age do.
How can I?
It was mainly sponsored by major industries in this prefecture.
He welcomed me at the pavilion door singing his favorite tunes there like an old friend.
We discussed what this skier did.
I could describe it.
Some people say I need to get better at reading and writing.
I love these friends and my coach.
However, she tells me that her colleagues who work there longer than 5 years make quarrel these days.
Then she is caught in the middle and her motivation is being damaged.
Some people who are single have a chance to join a party, maybe in the party he or she will makes new friends, and even find a true love.
please tell me how to say it in this case.
I went to the Dhrama fair this afternoon at Kakio in Kawasaki city.
I cannot believe it...
I believe that the most common reasons are to prepare for a career,
Career preparation is becoming more and more important for young people. For many, this is a primary reason to go to college.
I have cookies, chocolates, jellies, cakes, milk etc.
But there is a good Japanese restaurant at the other side.
This is a cloudy day.
Youtube gives me some fun material for English lessons to divert me.
com is one of my favorites and is hilarious.
but to call food a souvenir I finda little awkward.
As (in?) the picture, with a sunny day, a kangaroo jumping to an old woman and smiling.
As the old proverb goes ``Actions speak louder than words``. We should keep it in mind and take measures to follow it.
a brighter future is waiting for us if we make good use of our ways to protect the endangered animals.
I'm always wondering if my English is natural or...
I want you to help me improve my English writing ability.
Today, I went to Tsukiji, Tokyo
Today, I went to Tsukiji, Tokyo, with my wife and (my) mother.
We decided to have lunch in Tsukiji.
Some people tell me that I should go traveling because it helps you to see the beauty of this world
I don't want to ignore them.
and while passing by beautiful green scenery can be observed.
and we can enjoy lots of cherry blossom in spring.
So I decided to listen to a French radio program because they broadcast a program for beginners from April and its level is exactly for me.
I don't know that clearly.
In my opinion, It's true.
Nowadays, societies are fighting with time.
That's why most reporters consider a title is more attractive and aggressive before they write articles.
There, I did Zigoku Meguri which is one of the good sightseeing routes in Oita.
I can cook Japanese cuisine, Chinese, and also Korean-style.
But I'm not really sure about French-style cuisine, since they use a lot of herbs in their meals.
In Japan we typically use herbs occasionally, but not as much as the French do.
Hi everyone!
I had a tea with participants after the class.
I had a good time because we talked about a system of studying English.
Because I only connect with my friends in Sydney, my English ability is getting worse and worse.
I ate Tofu yesterday.
I wanted to eat a Tofu hamburger.
It wasn't delicious.
I watched The World Swimming Competition in Italy on TV.
I'd never thought about the difference and that reason for it.
It's impossible to continue from butterfly to backstroke in the same lane in the team race.
So why do they start with butterfly in the 4x100m individual medley?
I guess to dive from the starting blocks is faster than starting with backstroke.
I was happy to solve my weird feeling.
The valuable thing is the knowledge you get, and it can't be counted by the number at all.
I had a notebook which my parents gave me as a writing practice book which allowed me learn characters by myself when they were at work.
It is because their brains are just like empty glasses.
But instead of being depressed, I decided to do what I can do now.
But, I hate rain, so today is a very uncomfortable day.
Okada, a coach of the team, was severely blamed by the supporters.
I am considering to start learning English writing by taking courses.
I'm so happy I have a chance to communicate with so many people who are from different countries! I want to know more and improve my English, don't hesitate, let's become friends now! If there are some mistakes, please correct them.
Remember that ``Reality and imagination are not always the same``..
I am very happy.
As soon as I arrived at my house, I went to bed immediately.
She was my colleague in my previous company.
I'm loving Monty Python.
That is why in winter I go to swim.
A random thought about Laos
I have no real chances to communicate with Native English speakers.
I desire a free conversation.
But, there are so many words I don't know that I almost go mad.
She gives me council like my real older sister:)
I am working for a food manufacturing plant.
We decided to make a construction company repair them.
According to the weather forecast, it'll rain tomorrow.
The workplace is in a complex.
yesterday I went to college but I didn't study because the university-level instructor didn't come to campus>_ <, whereas I came to campus early because I was afraid to be late.
I really couldn't believe that I was able to prepare chicken soup
another entry, another issue
I work hard to save deposit to enjoy myself in Italy.
Today I was given a ticket for a fitness club from a coworker.
I have a pack of tofu, some green Chinese vegetables, mushrooms and leak.
I'm studying English, Chinese, and Applied Linguistics.
I lived in California when I was. in Kindergarten.
I almost forgot how to speak English, so maybe my English sentence grammar is wrong.
If you find a mistake in my diary, please correct it x (
The club members watch flowers, birds, trees, shellfishes and a lot of nature.
I want to know the calculation procedure.
It was smooth until the tube terminated due to signal problem.
I was stuck in the tube for 40 minutes and had to abandon Picadilly line.
I also use skype and facebook.
My purpose joining lang-8 is to improve my English skill.
My mother just cried then.
I couldn't understand why she chose that place, but I didn 't
Then, they link themselves to my ideas, and finally form a stream of narrative.
Today, the Gmail IMAP server complained of ``bandwidth limit exceeded.`` I cannot access Gmail via Thunderbird or iPhone.
I think I must listen to more English.
I like to design, so when I heard about this contest I was very excited.
My t-shirt has sunshine and sunflowers on it.
They are so professional..
One said that many foreign countries were surprised by the fact that there rarely was plundering amid such a disaster.
She will import Japanese goods and sell them on the Internet, targeting& nbsp; primarily& nbsp; French people interested in Japan and Japanese people who miss their favorite local products.
I want to become a friend with those who are learning Japanese.
Today's dinner was pasta and green salad with sesame dressing.
But I am no longer familiar with it.
It's so difficult.
To get to the nearest coast from my house, it takes within two hours by car, but if it's to the opposite one, it'll take more than six hours by bullet train and express bus, and moreover, I have to change the bus for a local bus!
For instance, like me, growing number of people are trying to learn English which will probably become a universal language.
Chinese class
Its a natural phenomenon for humans to not be a mechanical creature and have a limitations of memory.
These jobs are making me computable (?) and keeping the system stable.
Because I get sick easily on the train or on the bus when I'm in bad condition.
And tomorrow I will go to the bank to consult
My daughter has been absent from kindergarten since yesterday.
Since then I still have needed more relaxing time
Thank God when I weighed yesterday the weight was still the same.
Please contact me.
At the congress, I had a lot of opportunities to talk to many professors and students who are keen on biomagnetism from around the world.
They are from Italy, Korea, India, German, France, UK, Netherlands, US, Sweden and so forth.
In addition, I learned many English polite and job phrases.
lol Yeah, it was the most profitable part-time job among those I've ever done before, and I was really pleased to talk to various smart people who are kind of geeks haha because I couldn't understand their study at all when I saw their poster materials!
so I've just decided to write a journal
Of course I can help people who study Japanese here.
Irish Pub
I went to the Irish Pub with my friend.
I look forward to attending it everyday.
I can learn a lot of things about careers in it.
I studied English 20 years ago. I have almost forgotten English.
The rhythm of it and the rhymes of it were sooo funny, and I enjoyed listening to what the teacher read aloud.
It was implying how every individual is important, and also big.
Its been a long time since I spoke english, because I'm studying japanese in Dalian, the most beautiful city in northeast China.
There are many interesting things and delicious food in my homeland, especially hot food, pandas, and lots of good indie music.
I'm going to Karaoke with my friends tomorrow. I like singing songs because it relieves my stress.
I am a university student in Japan.
I especially study A Christmas Carol which was written by Charles Dickens.
I tell you that I know the story of your family 'cause if I search for my ancestors I always find your family.
I have ancestors from the family of Chmura too but I don't know if my Chmura family is related to Wiktoria Chmura:) If I learn about it I think that I will write to you.
Only then do I clean up my desk.
I think that one of the most important skills these days is to throw stuff that you do not need away, not the skill to get stuff.
It's my first post in lang 8 so I just want to say hello and ask you how can I translate or say some text in a different way-because It's hard to understand it all.
Recently, I have been listening to English radio stations and reading English magazines everyday.
On Mondays and Thursdays, I use my lunch break to attend the English class held by my company.
By the way, I would like to read English novels.
Went to Universal Studio Japan.
Dinner was a Chinese smorgasbord*.
She works as a secretary at a fashion magazine.
Such a pity.
My favorite pastime is playing video games, surfing the net, and watching movies.
So, I think we should keep and preserve our old buildings because of our culture and historical legacy.
Photo: Beautifully colored leaves at a mountain in autumn ^ ^
I think writing in English is still difficult for me,
But finding a job is not as easy as I thought.
To be honest, these days the anxiety of graduating from university makes me so nervous that I can't concentrate on studying, especially English.
However, whether I consider it or not, the possibility of graduating will not change.
I told her: excuse me Ma 'am, did you find a bracelet on the grass?
She then stood up and gave me the thumps up!
So, I'll have a part-time job tomorrow.
When I went to Tokyo on December the 27th, I bought a new umbrella at last.
Since they have them in several colours, it was difficult to choose one.
After watching myself with them in the mirror, I chose a purple one.
and he was planing to ask for the teacher's Email address if the teacher was a beautiful cabin attendant.
The other day, I caught her documentary on Jounetsu Tairiku, a famous Japanese documentary program, and she said she started getting more jobs after cutting her hair short.
He has lively spirit and is not strict.
Anyway, when I arrived at the park, all the other people had already arrived.
I came back yesterday.
Because this was our lesson, we had to go back immediately after a rest.
I deviated from the main subject. (^ ^;;)
Going to school everyday during my vacation is hard for me, but it also makes me feel proud (of myself).
Because, the weather in Korea is very cold.
It was really cold and snowy.
I bought a hair clip and a CD of NE-YO.
After I got home, I searched free TV show in English on the Internet.
It's a big decision and a big challenge for me.
Now I'm worried about home-stay.
I've not cooked things requiring many steps like difficult Japanese cuisine, and I have only a few recipes to give to my friends:(
I have a long way to go from attending universities overseas but I `m sure I will be studying very hard in order to be able to attend a university overseas.
It's difficult to forgive someone, especially when they're a common object of hatred.
Library Part 2
I'm writing a continuation of my entry, from yesterday, about going to the city library.
I could only rent three CDs at one time from the library.
The soundtrack of ``Top gun``, Van Halen's album ``1984``, and Madonna's album ``True blue`` were included in CD's that I listened to.
I'm really looking forward to traveling with my mom, b..
I wanted to reada book but my eyes were very tired.
I can remember the time at which I fell asleep.
it is possible that such a thought gave me insomnia.
I will watch a movie with a love story starring Shack Reno and Juliette Binoche as I want to rest.
Cleaning in the hall, leading people to the front of the ceremony hall, managing the information desk, checking the money and calculating the total cost for our clients and so on.
I must observe my co-workers and follow them.
I had trouble with my hair many times during high school.
Whenever I hear her scolding me, it is frustrating.
Their great beautiful nature and biodiversity are found as the reason of registration of the World Heritage site.
I was looking for a magazine which I wanted to get and then I was deeply engrossed in it for 20 minutes.
I've decided to become a Christian in the future, because I think following God will make my life more meaningful.
something very new (although it's been on internet for quite a while) always capture my heart.
* Sorry if my diary was inappropriate, in a way that I advertised Twitter too much, please feel free to delete it.
'All right,' Min interrupted Ji's description, 'I said, Riska, can I have some chicken nuggets please?
And, an organization named ``PeaceBoat`` stole the support supplies in order to gain honour.
Chinese development speed is faster than Japanese one.
Next week, I will go there via Seoul in Korea!!
Unfortunately I forgot how to speak French because I didn't use the language in Japan.
Now I've got holidays after all my examinations and I want to write something)
Before it wasn't so fequent.
I hardly understood what my teachers said at my online English lesson.
I should listen and repeat vocabulary and phrases frequently to increase my listening skills in English.
This is my first diary!
Today I'm very happy because the date when I go to Montana, one of the big states in America, has been confirmed.
Missoula is a beautiful city in Montana and I will be staying there for three months.
Does anyone know how to learn English words easily?
I often read too many broken English in chat messages.
And a number of players talk like kids (some players talk as if in a role-playing, but most players don't seem to be speaking ``proper`` English).
Last month, all the students in my university were given one thousand Omani Rials (= 2600. 78 American dollars).
If you were in my position, what would you do? How would you spend such a huge amount of money, at least to a student?
She is beautiful and interesting.
I really like this song!
These days, I made up my mind to stop my emotions of liking girls who are my type, which means that from now, I'll never try to approach girls even though I like them or I want to be their boyfriend.
I'm afraid of American beauticians because of my English level, so I try to do it.
This is my favorite song.
This group is really famous in Thailand, but this song has been known for a long time. I knew it when I was studying at university. Now I have finished already but when my friend and I want to sing we must sing this song first.
In the previous movie, a young stockbroker did everything to get to the top, and a greedy investor, played by Michelle Douglas, utilized his insider information.
This ancient palace is open to the public only twice a year in spring and autumn.
As you know, all department stores have beautiful bathrooms, most of them are Western style. (Many foreigners are in trouble with Japanese style bath rooms)
River Fishing is Wonderful
7 years ago, I lived in Northern Japan.
Today, I talked to my friend, Nick, who lives in Florida, USA through skype for a while.
Not surprisingly, he had already gotten a job he was willing to get as a financial analyst.
According to him, his major is business and it could be recognized as an accounting major, also.
So, if his clients come from South America, he won't have any difficulty communicating with them.
In other words, he will deal with any problems people usually might have due to the different language.
I uploaded some favorite pictures that I took.
I guess they are just hiding their new technology to prepare the new iPhone or they were afraid that Samsung could sue them.
Timothy Cook, who is the new CEO of Apple, gave a presentation yesterday.
I'm going to take part in a marathon three months from now, so I should practice hard.
What happened is that some trekkers who was arranged by some travel agencies succommed to hypothermia.
Since Japanese novelist Fukada Kyuya published the book which introduced the the Japanese 100 cerebrated mountains, they thronged those high mountains.
As you know, trekking require many things such us knowledge about weather and map, how to use equipment, experience, and most importantly physical fitness.
Intrinsically there are few trekkers in Japan and mountains are calm places.
Their foods are excellent and it has a cozy atmosphere.
Today I introduced Lang-8 to him.
I found it so boring to stay at home doing nothing.
When preparing a dish, I have to make sure that all the seasonings/ ingredients are available, when to put in which ingredient and how to control the heat.
michi ha. nurete imashita
morokko ni ha yottsu no kisetsu ou Shiki ga arimasu
ryokou to hama ha hitsuyou desu.
My friends likes ``Judy and Mary`` (japanese pop singer) very much.
I think the author of this book describes Bella's emotions and feelings very well, so that I could understand how she feels about vampires, school, family and friends.
It was heaven ^-^
Today I cooked miso soup.
Freedom day!!
If you are interested in Japan, you should/ ought to know that Kyoto has a lot of cultural heritages.
Since it may be the last chance of this season, I want to get even better progress of my skill.
(Other brands are, for example, iPhone, Droid, and so on.)
In the Evening after returning home, I had dinner with my friend who came from Oregon in the US.
We spoke in English of course.
I think it was 34 degrees in Tokyo.
It was a hot day so I needed a handkerchief because I'm very sensitive to heat.
Tonight, I drank a little alcohol with my co-worker near our office.
Now, I'd like to exercise in any case.
I was happy when I heard his voice.
Hatsune is a bar with a homey atmosphere.
He said, ``Why don't we play golf together?``
Diary for 1. 23. '11
I worked at home today.
My son went to the community center.
He pounded steamed rice into cake with scouts at the community center.
I will arrive at Nagoya city which is a central Japan metropolis tomorrow early morning.
When the potatoes and onions are fried, mix them with the eggs with a knife.
I cannot go home earlier than around 23: 00.
Everyday, I use English when I write e-mails at work.
Being a flight attendant is kind of the symbol of intelligence and beauty for Japanese people.
According to my Singaporean friends, in Singapore, a flight attendant is not a high standard job at all.
For Singaporeans, flight attendants are just servants or something.
Is food coma the natural phrase for that feeling?
He is sensible to authority, then he doesn't let himself control by other.
My contemporary life is very terrible.
Something important must have happened because there was a lot of yellow tape/ police tape around the office keeping passers-by away, and even some television interviewers were covering the incident with cameras.
I need to work from Sunday to Saturday.
In cram school to teach math from Monday to Friday, as a prompter girl on Saturday, and a telemarketer on Sunday.
3 hours later put some sugar in it.
Before yesterday all the Japanese patients were in Western Japan, but today, at last, two patients were found in Tokyo, East Japan!
I think there are no means to prevent the expansion.
Today, I had cram school ^-^
And I went to the US two years ago to join in a Chinese martial arts tournament.
(Now I've quit to study languages except Engllish)
Forrest Gump, Austin Powers...
So sorry that I couldn't visit this site enough...
If you have any questions about Korean culture or Korean grammar,
I had a girlfriend in the past but she dumped me and I felt really bummed out.
Today I was looking for a airplane ticket that is affordable.
Actually, I was supposed to buy a one way ticket, which is more expensive than a round trip ticket and a 1 year open ticket.
The article said you have two alternatives for a journey.
You could buy a dicount ticket then when you arrive at your destination you can throw it away. But if the airline or travel company finds out you might have to pay a penalty fee.
So for that reason I checked many sources.
Of course, price is very important to me because I don't have a big budget.
Ummm, Maybe I will buy a PEX (safe ticket).
Until now I wrote daily at the office.
Now I can write daily in English, on my PC.
On July 4, I will have my examinations, including business english translation, English writing, integrated english and political theory.
I am worried about my political theory, because I have to review a whole thick book.
Special buses ran between the main grounds-CDH (where the 'Art-Moscow' fair were running that time too), the 'Vinsavod', the 'Art-Strelka', the private museum ART4. ru and some other important galleries.
I will be working as ARASHI's concert staff.
Then boil asparaguses for 1. 5 minutes (The time depends on the thickness of them).
I was satisfied, because it was very sweet and delicious!
A large amount of companies like mine encouter such situations in Japan.
Therefore, I hope that this bad practice would disappear soon.
Something bad has happened to me!!
in body and in mind!!!!
Field Day
The moon eclipsed totally for 100 minutes, however the whole process took more than 5 hours.
It was like in a horror movie, if there was an old gypsy lady, she would have said that was a bad omen:))
We were looking forward to having a special dinner at your restaurant.
We went to an Italian restaurant, ate delicious foods, and talked a lot.
Recently, I was surprised by the financial result of a certain company.
This weekend, I will play football. I'm looking forward to participating in the soccer festival.
Recently, I'm interested in diet, learning English, internet, and shopping.
I saw a classical music concert performed by the Prague Radio Symphony Orchestra from Czech.
However, there were unexpected disruptions in the music hall.
I totally could forget that I'm a busy person like a workaholic.
And I like ``Leon`` as well. That is one of the films when she was child actor.
I also joined an English debating club.
Im tired because writing in English is very difficult for me...
Today there is a fireworks display.
But the weather takes a turn for the worst.
Sometimes, foreign customers come to KFC.
Finally, should I say anything?
A REAL powered suit produced by HONDA
Honda has produced a walking robot named ASIMO.
but if you write about a special thing the public doesn't seem to know (for example, about IT or business or philosophy), it is necessary to explain each word and the speed of talking is decreased.
I was never proud of myself since I came in middle school.
Why do I have to learn them? Why can't people choose what lesson they want to learn? I love English lessons, then I could learn this for free.
I am thinking that I want to make a reservation for the IELTS test in March, but I have no confidence at all.
For example, I've heard it used like this, ``You fucking asshole.`` or ``Fucking surely``.
If you are Japanese, I am not sure if you do.
I know you are hungry.
As matter of fact, I didn't know there was a sandwich restaurant in Japan until recently.
At the restaurant, we can order anything.
What suprises me is that she insists on proceeding with the work even in the case of other's falling ill or when a family member is facing life or death problems.
One time, I asked for an instant leave to attend my grandmother's funeralin my hometown and I explained that the flight available to me is due to leave soon.
And then, after several rounds of her ordering me to do whatever (things about work, I have forgotten) I was finally allowed a leave...
Another example, one guy gave an explanation for his absense at a so-called important meeting that his wife had a heart-attack that morning, and that he had to send her to hospital.
One day, my mother was going to have an operation and I was the only one who was able to accompany her then.
In searching for information about overseas travel, I happened to find this site.
Because I often think ``I want to drink sweet coffee!``
When I was an elementary school student, I used computer in a lecture for the first time, and I've used it for about ten years, but I continue looking at the keyboard.
wooo,, I wanna take a chance to talk English.
But I will spend this time alone.
What is the difference between ``I'm not sure`` and ``I don't know?``
complain: I complained to my teacher about the scope of the test.
hate: I hate insects, particularly cockroaches.
worry: You don't have to worry about your health, you're healthy enough.
I think It necessary for me to hit the books cause I want to win scholarship in our campus.
In America!!!
Furthermore, there are more and more reports about accidents caused by exploding cellphone batteries.
As for me,_ I can speak two dialects which are Wenzhou dialect and Hokkien dialect.
I applied to three consulting companies and underwent an interview yesterday.
The speaking examiner is an old man...
Because a boy in the apartment made too much noise that we all complained about....
A good point, I thought.
TheNext step has just started now!
Unfortunately, my sister is not interested in kimonos.
We went to watch a movie first, and when we arrived there, I saw a handsome boy who wore some fashionable clothes and leaned on a big wall.
But, because of working overtime, I missed it.
One is the integration of writing and reading, which lasts three and a half hours.
Bridal Course studyies about weddings.
I felt vey comfortable.
she's already married.
hey my name is Icen and I'm new at lang-8, I want to speak good English, so please help me to learn English thanks...
I am a student learing economics at Kyoto University.
Hope I will find Japanese learners and English and Chinese native friends soon!!
I booked the ferry tickets to the island leaving at 9am on previous day, so I left our home early so I did not miss it.
I asked how can I get there to strangers along the way, furthermore I ran to the platform and the road, finally I reached the ferry station almost too late.
I went to driving school during my summer holiday.
However, obtaining the license helped me to return to Minmikusatsu city.
Whatever-he hurt me before with a lot of bad words, screamed at me, saying that I expected too much romance from him.
I y enjoy playing play the French horn with an amateur orchestra on weekends. My orchestra is having a concert in October, so
I couldn't stop staring the beautiful phone,
I like reading books, surfing the Internet, listening to music--both popular and classical.
By the way, in March I'm going to go to my high school to make a speech about my life at the university.
For a few years now, I have had dermatitis on my face, especially my eyes.
The dermatitis on my face, especially my eyes is conspicuous, so I'm really sad.
Today Giants won the game, but both teams showed us a splendid match.
A lot of celebrities go there.
I was born in Hokkaido, but stayed there for only one month.
I like watching movies, reading novels, traveling, and taking walks with my dog on my day off.
The Nikujyaga is made of beef, potatoes, carrots, onions, and konnyaku boiled and seasoned with soy sauce and sugar.
I have just found the report.
furious at you and you can't find any excuses to ease their mind,
When I try to revise some articles written in traditional Chinese, I feel confused.
I, nonetheless, believe that the pros outweigh the cons.
But, I don't know what I should do.
By the way, cherry blossoms in Tokyo haven `t flowered yet because of cold weather.
Because I'll feel stuffy when I stay in such an environment.
Go to University.
I went to (my/ the) university to sign up for classes with my friend today.
I said, ``What a beautiful view!``
It is kind of weird when I reviewed the blogs I wrote before.
If you are wondering where you should go on your next trip, I strongly recommend Tong-Yeong!
What is the meaning of religion in our life?
but I couldn't find any difference between religious people and those who are not.
I think I'm a realist, both in material and spiritual.
In front of my office there is an indoor tennis school called T-1.
I can't enrol in such a university, but what about in the philippines?
I then watched 'Field of Dreams' and 'Remember the Titans'.
Although it was raining unfortunately, there was a line of people.
I have my own lunch box already.
Figure skating
This morning my music box randomly played the song called ``Paddy Fragrance`` (sung by Jay Chou).
It doesn't sound like most of Jay Chou's songs, which are usually depressing or sentimental, this song is relaxing, encouraging and positive.
Don't quit so soon just like what I have said ``If it's too difficult for you to pursue for this dream, you can think of changing for another which is much more suitable for you``
We are all looking forward to a bright future, while ignoring what we really want to be deep down inside our heart, and that's why we are always busy and successful but not happy.
Today I'm going to Edoshima beach, but the weather is really bad.
Especially, I was so surprised that even some developing countries donated relief and condolence money.
I didn't have any trainer who would teach me about losing weight.
I couldn't lose weight very well as a result.
I'm in a relationship with a cute scottish girl so Italkto her in English mostly.
Lately, she has been saying ``your English is girly`` andof course I don't wana speak girly English.
I have many friends, but only one best friend.
She was born in Georgia.
Anyway I want to talk to people who speak fluent English to improve my interpersonal skills.
Now, I only have one/ an exam (English test) that is one week away to go, so I think I'll have to study all day long in the libray.
However, my writing skill is low and I need more practice, so I decided to write a journal on this website.
Of course I am interested in the latest model of mobile phones, cars, electronic devices and so on
If we do, it means a challenge to the monkey from the monkey's point of view.
We could buy some bananas, peanuts and apples to feed the monkeys.
My boss say that I should take the TOEIC exam and score over 600 points.
SUMMER VACATION
I have a headache
I've been here for one and half year.
Please give me advice and touch up my writing.
In regards to that, it's much easier to utilize comics as dramas than to create novel ones.
I can speak Korean, Japanese, and a little bit of English.
However, it is my bad habit to stare blankly when I am studying and oppositely sometimes I have a hard time focusing.
Come to think of it, recently I have been studying Chinese harder.
I would like to be able to be good at singing and I have practiced English pronunciation.
(the clerk who helped me find a new job said that the company which I tried could not be decent.
In the books translators said it's indispensable that they have persistence and passion for their work.
thanks for your comment on my previous journal.
I want to compare the two of the great religions but there are many differences between the two...
however after many years of training, he found it difficult to lose his worldly desires and he decided to leave his master.
People used to send a present to their father in father's day.
Considering the distance between USA and Japn, I need to request to send my present now.
I angered my sons too much.
I really enjoyed it. Of course, there are other non-Christians taking part in it.
Since my only hobby is English, it's sheer bliss to take those lessons complimentary.
I'm agog (?) to go there next Saturday.
So I practiced easier tricks so that I wouldn't make any mistakes.
Oh my goodness, what the fuck! Goddamn it, you asshole!
Probably today's interview was a failure as well as yesterday's.
Japanese people don't do that like them.
The world is quite unfair; I should hit the creator of English lol.
I told the accommodation's staff about my job interview, but he encouraged me and said I could speak English very well, and he felt that I could get a job here.
I wish, she could keep her health and beauty forever.
I love you mum.
Roughly, their conclusion is based on two facts.
I believe as long as we are more careful we can freely enjoy all the convenience with which cellphones bring.
The shrine was located on a mountain so the road was relatively deserted...
Especially in a rainy day.
Eu sou uma menina.
It seemed that a fight/ conflict between her husband and the rude man would occur. Translate
Do you remember when was the last time a boy/ girl asked for your name?
I sometimes watch METAL GEAR SOLID 4 on youtube these days.
Youtube has many of METAL GEAR's movies.
I've watched about three-quarters of them by now.
So they must be difficult for foreigners to understand.
She graduated from a Japanese two-year college, and then, went to other two-years in England.
So, she went to Stanford University, and got not only a master's degree, but also a doctorate degree there! Moreover, she has two children, who go to university.
One of my purpose of studying abroad is to get the opportunity to meet people, so I could realize that by meeting her.
The second picture is very fun and cute.
So, I started writing diaries in an attempt to improve my English.
Actually, I went to an English school.
In addition to this problem, the reading comprehension part was very difficult and its form was not standard because there should have been four passages instead of five.
Soccer? Football?
The Japanese women's soccer team beat Sweden 3-1.
The American soccer team is also very strong.
So it was yummy.
A lot of people were absent from school.
Today, I ate curried food with a co-worker at lunch.
In the evening my older sister called and asked me to watch her niece while she had her hair dyed in a beauty salon.
Sometimes my niece comes over to my house and I have to watch her for a while.
My niece wanted to say something in English and I let her talk with a tutor on it.
After the lesson I taught her some basic vocabulary like My name is ~ ~ ~ or I'm fine.
I was surprised how fast she mastered the phrases I taught.
And we also watched nursery rhymes on Youtube s together.
I went to day care club with my daughter.
My daughter loves the rabbit slide.
I got an iPad2 the day before yesterday.
Because Apple started to sell it the day before yesterday, and I ran for the Apple Store.
Some people were hoeing and fertilizing and some people were watering.
It is beneficial to my health. ``She said.
They're also investigating other compounds in dark chocolate that may offer other health benefits.
After that, some of my seniors and I ate dinner at a restaurant in the station.
After a while, some of my friends also came online, so I chatted with them about what was going on in my life. We were chatting happily, but I lost track of time. When I felt hungry it was already 4: 00.
Today, I want to introduce you to the Japanese traditional food ``Katsuo no tataki``.
This is a one of my most favorite foods.
I think that is the best harmony.
If you take careful notice, there will always be a bunch of pupils in most classes: they cannot get a decent score in academic study, and most of them take notice of this, and thus their minds wander outside the classroom during lessons and occasionally they make some noises that bother others. The teacher on the other hand, tends to be half-blind to this since his duty is to fulfill the hunger of gifted ones for knowledge. Also, if their names happen to be at the bottom of a student list alphabetically, they are called very seldom to answer the teacher's question and sometimes not once during an entire semester.
The problem is that I don't have a camera.
I have dad, mom, big sis, and a cutie dog.
Moreover my birthday is February 23rd
Not soon after, I changed my name to Echo, which is also the name of a famous writer in Taiwan. You must know her writen name is ``Sanmao``. I admire her life in Spain, the desert, the sea island, and, also, the romaance between her and her husband.
I will go to Australia next month.
My boyfriend went to Australia to study.
I bought a guidebook about Korea.
Recently I stopped writing diaries because I'm busy working.
That is a weird title, isn't it?
It's the title of a Japanese song.
The grand-daughter felt sorry/ regret because she wasn't a good grand-daugther.
It's obvious that situations where public phones are used are getting rarer and rarer.
The scene in my photo will be a memory in the far future.
Yet my English and Chinese is bad.
The next week they have a contest between themselves all over again.
The courses I teach are third grade level math and science.
Instead of crying about today's sour situations in Japan, I have to make more effort to be a winner and stand out among the numbers of canditates applying for a position.
after that we went to Mt, TSUKUBA
I was so tired and frustrated before going driving.
The taste isn't bad.
because of their existence.
These days, I reciteEnglish articles loudly right after I wake up.
If you want to know Korea, please contact me.
And I guess this seems to have made my uric acid level become higher.
And now, I am in a dormitory.
Tomoe made up her mind and forcefully approached them.
Today is my birthday, I am 20 years old now. Next year I'll be 21.
Actually, I have thought about getting an ear peircing for a long time.
the lady used the marker to mark two dots on my ear, and then just used the piercing gun to poke two holes.
although it looks like very painful, I just feel a little bit itchy.
thanks for alicia to accompanying me to the piercing shop.
It's not a fun type of plan, but is more of a family-related compulsory type of thing.
It is very good and has many applications and different functions.
So if you want to share your thoughts or habits, I can introduce you to our culture ~
Actually I don't know whether he hasfault or not...
I don't know whether I should be sad or if I shouldn't care.
My husband was going to move to Hongkong on business.
But now that is changing owing to this depression.
My daugther didn't know which was the front part of her skirt, and showing me her skirt she asked me:
I was thinking of my stay in New Zealand over and over.
In 1803, Thomas Jefferson, the 3rd president of the US, purchased the great wild west for about $ 15 million from France because it doubled America's land mass and would provide rich natural resources as well as great farmland.
Jefferson sent Lewis and Clark to explore the newly bought land.
I thought, that those four years of learning language in school would be enough but quickly I was persuaded that it's not so easy, indeed.
But as you can see, I write sentences as if I were a pupil...
Today's lesson was a private lesson.
His lesson was fun and he is unique.
However she always buys delicious food and it might be expensive.
Maybe it seems no big deal to most of you, but since I'm now studying in Japan, and the Japanese are so difficult to understand, I must be extra careful of what I do.
It doesn't look very strange in English, but I am really not sure about whether it sounds like a compliment in Japanese to the Japanese teacher, who I think really does do a good job.
Of course I think she knows some of the American peole are not kind, but I enjoyed talking with her.
By the way I go to college now!!
and his... their,, theirs.. I forgot the grammar.. give me a hand... thanks
It's ``Cocoa champagne`` and ``Cheese and walnut`` bread.
The Cocoa champagne has chocolate chips and raisins.
My school festival was held a few days ago.
Second, my homeroom class won first prize in the chorus contest!!
I'll never forget it:)
Some people think that the death penalty is the final way we can punish murderers.
I talked about my research presentation in English for the first time.
So, I am highly motivated to speak English more fluently.
I am going to go Beijing to present my study in English by the end of Nov.
I was especially impressed by a beautiful range of poplar trees which had fresh green leaves.
We complained a lot.
Second, a dinner for our child contained a piece of metal, and the restaurant owner apologized to us, but no service.
We got an orange cake as their apology.
Our friend calmed down, and my awkward position became better.
Osaka's ``Shaanai`` culture
C: The PIC from the manufacturer was very angry and complained
It is very important to me.
Too many people have lots of pressure in life because of capitalism, so should they relax and ``scream`` to themselves?!
When I arrived at the Philippine airport, there were already 4 people from
In addition, I already told you that my English suck ~
There is a bug inside my LCD monitor!
So I want to go there.
Actually, I will go to Singapore when I go to university
The title of the book is ``how to walk in the world``.
I recommend that you also read the book. However, do not read everything; because if you know everything about the trip, the travel will not be interesting for you.
Anyway, Washington will be rainy or snowy.....
Today, I am going to watch an American movie to study English.
The genre that I want is either 'melodrama' or 'comedy'.
Could you recommend a movie for me?
Of course though I have so many good pen-pals of the others around
Sometimes my work is very difficult for me to handle smoothly.
The work will be easier than that in my mind.
So let's start to study English grammar this summer!!!
I will try because this website is very good idea about leaning a language. ^ ^
I ate kimchi stew and Korean pizza ~
Ryouan-ji (Ryouan temple), which is famous for its simple
That's because she went to the U. S. to study.
sometimes I couldn't do anything because of my memories with her, but cry and cry.
But I worry about my English skills...
Oh my god this my first post and I'm very, very nervous about what other people will say because I don't write 100% correct English but I'm trying to do my best.
My favorite season is spring.
Tomorrow, I am going alone to my university to borrow a book.
spanish bar
I've just found this lang-8 today and registered right now.
My wife resigned from her job is very tired. New sentence She couldn't bear it anymore. New sentence Plus she also missed our son. The salary is not given out until May 5th. But, today she is supposed to wash all clothes, sheets and so on.
Actually I was worried about this mistake.
So when I learned it was not by me, I was relieved, at the same time, I thought I should be careful not to do that. meaning unclear
you'll have a nice trip in your vacation.
So I have to help her study in the meantime.
I really hope she'll be able to do everything, not only studying but also looking after herself.
I have been studying 8 hours a day on average for two months in an effort to get a high score.
But learning English is what I really like to do, just because I have to master it in order to pass the exam makes me feel tired.
Passing the exam does not necessarily mean everything to me, I just want to express myself freely and openly without worrying about whether my English is good enough.
So, please be critical to my articles, I really need your help to write it coherently and logically.
But writing my diary in English is as difficult for me as ever today.
I can speak and write English at the Japanese junior high school student level, meaning just basic English.
However, I'd like to be able to read and to listen to English like that of a high school student.
But as I'm in an international department, many people (many of whom are from overseas countries) invited their families.
What do you think about studying foreign language?
Sadly, I think that we have poor minds nevertheless we live in Japan.
Please correct these sentences
Yesterday I had nothing to write, so I didn't write my journal.
I decided to buy a better one to forget about losing my old one.
Second, your Japanese is very excellent.
I recommend this movie!
Have a nice day, and BE CAREFUL OF SPAMMERS!!
I really want to learn English so I can search on the internet as I want,
They gave me some advice and. confidence.
Today, I would like to make some sentences using new words.
Talking with foreign people is very fun!
I was woken up by the rain this morning.
Today I'll tell you about my many hobbies and in return I also want you to share your hobbies with me.
To find the best friend very difficult.
A lot of people don `t have friends, and me to.
I played tennis yesterday, because game day is coming.
So the government of Iwate prefecture built huge embankments along the coast to protect citizens from tidalwaves.
Even many foreign researchers came to this town to inspect the wall.
A man in this town told a reporter on TV that ``Even if tidal wave is coming, I would not mind it at all, because we have the great wall.``
But the tidalwave which wiped this town out on the 11th of March was more than 20 meters high.
The good part of living here is you can easily mingle with different ethnic groups and learn their languages and cultures.
Today I had many drinks: Japanese tea, iced coffee, Yogurt juice and Mango juice.
Something about Halloween
Children like to play pranks.
Then the children get some candy from them.
Please guide me in improving my English, especially in grammatical errors.
I miss him very often.
This morning, I went to the store again.
OK, maybe I should not push myself to keep a diary everyday.
And I'm working on a relief operation tomorrow...
This morning the LED monitor for my mobile computer was broken.
In other words, It had become a garbage.
One of my friends said ``If I meet a man who is a gynaecologist, I will marry him!`` This is a joke but it means the 'Menstrual Cycle' is really a big pain for girls.
She seem to have heard the price, but she didn't hear it at all.
A bureaucratic office such as NYDMV often fails to be prompt.
I'm really looking forward to it.
It's accounting.
This dog is female and she is so smart that when I took her outside and wanted to teach her to urinate and defecate outdoors, she did it without any words.
Because there are many black spots on her tongue, we named her ``Spot``.
I've both read all of the Harry Potter books and watched all of the Harry Potter movies.
I think that really beautiful women are beautiful no matter what hair they have.
My Writing
There are many things affecting the world like air pollution, climate change, enviromental degradation, depletion of the ozone layer, destruction of the rain forests...
It's been a long time, everyone:) I couldn't write a diary for the past week.
18 In my childhood, My mother used to read me fairy tails.
20 Memory gets weak as people gets old.
3: USB-network converter
It was a hole in the wall, very reasonable.
Tenpura is a kind of fried, dip fish or vegetables in flour mixed with water, which is then fried.
Noalcoholwas sold there so I had a can of beer before entering the gate.
And I have never known how respectable a job it is to be a teacher.
In Japan the driver's seat is opposite to Taiwan.
Transformers) don't exist on this billboard.
Because global warming is becoming more and more serious in the past few years, the temperature has risen day by day.
It was my first time to go to Narita temple to see autumn leaves.
Monday Morning
I went to the gym and ran for 30 minutes and took a sauna.
The Jogging Game
Very fast!!
Although I'm getting better to listening English, not to speaking English.
It is interesting for me because I think it looks like Japanese!
I have two reports about Europe and ballad to do.
It was unbelievable, but I soon became accustomed to it.
To Master Natural Expression
I like to eat in the park.
Today I am going to participate in a celebration at my friend's house.
It's a fashionable and exciting drama!!
The iPhone allows me to play games everywhere.
it happened..
I will never give up..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So I couldn't take the 1st lesson.
Today, we sang ``New Divide`` by Linkin Park together.
I met with a friend who is living and working in Vancouver today.
My friend's lang-8 diary: URL
I am interested in life in foreign countries.
So, I often want to eat some snacks like chocolates and potato chips.
I had checks for breast and uterus cancer today.
It is said that breast cancer and uterus cancer have a relationship with those who are young ladies still under 30 year old.
Furthemore, recently a famous actress in Japan passed away because of breast cancer.
The formal diagnosis will come out in two or three weeks, but my doctor said me that it has doesn't matter because they checked my breasts and uterus from the palpation and through the observation of them.
near the Pacific Ocean.
Why was I interested in America?
Speaking in English is really hard for me nowadays.
I think it would better for me to study at the library instead of hanging out with my friends this week.
I Can't Believe It
Recently I feel the spring season in Hokkaido.
Because the temperature has been over 0 degree all day.
I'm looking foward to watching cherry blossom's flower.
I went to my office by bicycle today.
I went to my office by moped everyday, so it's good for me to change to cycling I thought.
They say that I am smiley and have a soft atmosphere like a sheep.
The movie had many grand scenes, on the way, space and dinosaurs appeared!
It had many beautiful scenes around 2/ 3.
I remember 100 words in English!!
A boy was riding his bicycle while using a cellphone.
Luckily, a scarecrows contest the theme of which was ``dream`` was held there, so there were more than 30 rare scarecrows in the beautiful countryside.
I'd like to go there again, because the theme of the contest changes every year.
I wanna take a nap too.
Since it is not a long distance from my college to Beijing which is the capital, I joined the travel agency to go on a journey. on my own
So. I feel a little disappointed to some degree
What makes me embarrassed was that the other travellers are almost lovers or accompanied, I am the only one. on my own
In spite of it being the end of June, the weather in London was rubbish recently.
And also I felt like I'd come to a different country, like a resort:) haha
It will be nice weather tomorrow as well, so I'm gonna go to a swimming pool with my host sister.
By the way, it's difficult for me to figure out the difference when I use the same verb but with different prepositions.
After dropping off my children in the morning, I walked for 1 hour in the Al Barsha Park.
There is little difference between first and now.
In this letter a man tells his children (about) how he and their mother (his wife) have spent their lives, and how their mother died.
My favorite sentence is '' Death overwhelmed everything, and this saved everything. ''
I like my job, because every day I have the opportunity to help people. I work in medical insurance.
I work with free medical insurance. If a person's income is low, they can qualify for free insurance.
It includes medical prescriptions, dental, vision and emergency room visits.
Some people who came from countries which had been invaded by Japan 60 years ago hate Japanese culture.
The decision is theirs.
I didn't see many people, but I saw a few people taking their dog for a walk.
It occured to me that even if people live in different countries, people learn the same important things.
Because I got my wisdom tooth extracted, I have been having only soup and jelly since the day before yesterday.
It is liquid, and contains the necessary nutrition.
I-bought-2-potatoes and a frozen-pizza-for-lunch-at-the-grocery-store-near-my-house
And-then-I-will-clean-my-room-and-press-my-shirts
I bought some premiums for my wedding party which are a machine for making fried octopus snacks and a small Christmas tree.
I feel a little pain, but I think I'm recovering now.
Use specific reasons and examples to support your choice. (sp) (within 30 minutes, more than 300 words)
A Private room is one of the places where I can relax and be refreshed from the exertion from the day's work.
You can easily find some pictures and videos and use them as references for your homework.
Through that site, you paid for a dictionary.
Nowadays, the electronic industry is becoming popular, so fraud like this might happen even more.
But people mostly use the computer for more than one hour and as for children, they can't refuse the temptation.
Besides these, there are lots of other disadvantages such as illegal downloading and becoming violent.
I was wondering about what was different between understandable Korean and misunderstandable Korean.
Tomorrow I will fill it up.)
and I will write about those results tomorrow.
I feel a little idle ~ ``~
A few minutes ago, I ate dinner with my parents.
It was a good excesise listening to English and I enjoyed watching her acting.
Because of the 6. 3-magnitude earthquake in New Zealand, A Christian church and a five-story office building collapsed in the early afternoon on Tuesday.
At least 113 bodies of people who haven't yet been identified were found and approximately 228 people are still missing or are dead.
In a modern five-floor office building, There was an English-Language school where many people took classes.
Due to the huge disaster in New Zealand, hundreds of emergency workers from all around the world have helped people looking for survivors from the wreckage in two buildings.
Larry: what do you make emotionally as a black man about the Obama-Clinton race?
To me I feel like they both are great candidates because they both have strong situations and supporters.
Larry: Gangsta, don't you emotionally though, have some tie to Barack Obama?
I just wanna see somebody win that in the best interest of America whether be him or black man whether it be Hilary, a woman, either one to me is..
I think America is ready for a black president by him winning you know how he's winning so far, even competing to be in the talks right now. I remember in the past, we had presidential candidates like Jesse Jackson. It was a gimmick, it was like a joke, because nobody believed Jesse could win.
You know ``Win Jesse Win``, but we really didn't think he could win.
he's in line with the right scenario to win. and you know whether he wins or loses I feel like he made a great step for black America by even stepping to the table and pulling off something like this.
I don't know exactly what they said, but what I can sum up is this.
Larry asked about Snoop Dogg's political idea, especially Obama, the Democratic candidate and he answered that he wasn't involved and Democratic party except the ``gangsta`` party but approved Obama because it could be great step in American history. Yes!!!
As I look through the list, what I thought was that many students wrote they want to be a doctor or some wrote they want to be an astronomer or scientist or mathematician.
So, I'll be trying to write a diary for the next few days or so.
I'm very happy to find this kind of homepage,
I prefer to spend money on enjoyable things that make my daughter feel really happy like amusement parks, swimming pools, and zoos and wouldn't rather spend money on buying many souvenirs, staying at an expensive hotel, or drinking too much.
During OBON people go back to their parents 'houses, just like Christmas in US.
What's worse is that we had an earthquake the day before yesterday, so there were even more cars
He is my church friend.
Today two of my friends left our company, they are different, one is optimistic, another is pessimistic.
After I master English and get (OR acquire) PR status in Singapore........
I'm shocked:(
I should have interrupted the requesters and told themnot to expect me to close it within 3 hoursas he hadwanted but I didn't, and tried to close it asap.
learning English by myself over two years.
I am writing for beginning the day because is very difficult for me.
Study!!
I'll study English little by little...
I like reading, listening to music, watching tv and movies, taking walks, riding on my bicycle, singing, writing in my diary, and playing with my dogs.
A few days ago, I had the great privilege of a person contacting me via this web site, which reminded me about it.
She has destroyed a lot of things.
But I know, even though/ if Toro chewed up every single my favorite shoes I still love her very much.
But my English is always awkward:(
I wanted to apply for a lang-8 blog before I came to brisbane, but I didn't know why I could not!!!!
what do you guys usually do at Christmas?
My MD-player broke.* 'was broken' suggests it is now fixed.
This is why my wife is so angry with him.
I pre-ordered a concert ticket for a front seat.
This ticket is really expensive but I'd like to see the artists from the front seat as much as possible.
I scraped my knee, but I did not get a serious scar.
One is Spanish, the other is Philippine.
People created a tower to cooperate.
Because they had been speaking different languages.
Hanukkah? and....
By the way, today I went to the airport and met my friend. It was so funny! When we arrived, we took a lot of funny photos! When my friend who is gonna leave arrived, we took some hidden videos of her.
There are so many memories in Toronto for her!! My friend gave her a gift... it is a letter and thirty five one cent coins because it is my friend's age, and her name is Penny.
because I need good sleep, and have to relax.
I know...
Maybe the best way to learn English, is to have a foreign boyfriend or have a foreign friend
So he has to watch the baseball game with a stupid guy instead of the girl of his dreams lol How poor he is ~) Surprisingly I finished all of my homework ~ My friend said ``You should deal with stupid homework with stupid ways.
My home is under a mountain.
In Korean history, it was used to send an urgent message with smoke on the Mt.
I decided to register at a local gym, but I changed my mind.
I'll go to the mountain regularly every moring!
But when I took a picture of them, it was really nice when I looked at my camera screen.
It's not one pack but one box.
I mashed some strawberrys with the back of a spoon, put sugar in and ate it last week.
Afterwards, I put sugar and milk in and then ate and ate.
My favorite singers are Alex of The Calling and Avril Lavigne.
Tonight I heard crickets chirping. It was much louder than usual.
The cricket stopped chirping when I went outside to find it.
Tonight I have a cricket to sing me a lullaby as I go to sleep.
It took a long time to finish Assassin's Creed 2.
I stay alone at my dormitory, even though most of my friends have gone home.
It's pouring outside which makes me not want to hang out.
I tell them that it doesn't make any difference whether I'm at school or at home.
Until I'm tired of answering the same question.
Microsoft Excel..
Aside from these basic functions, we can use Excel Macro Function to automate repetitive tasks.
So, it helps me practice listening to English.
Please check it out if you can.
He was the musical director of ``Pirates of the Caribbean``, ``The Da Vinci Code``& etc.
I'm a Brazilian, I've studied English for 3 years, and I just noticed that my English is not as good as I thought.
Thanks for everything.
Today I finished the preparation for the trip.
actually I was such a stupid person, but my friends helped me understand that.
Because I looked forward to meet my girlfriend.
The climate is very nice, and every season is warm, even winter.
Every morning, I'm hard to get out of bed.
I just want to travel
The function of the liver of mammals seems to be deteriorated in spring because of their hibernation.
Whether we'll have lover or not in the future, we still support and encourage each other.
Now I'm studying English diligently to make my dream come true.
We have to keep that a secret from my husband because he won't like the idea bringing people around when he's away.
Household chores took me about five or six hours and I spent another six hours visiting my parents.
Every morning, I often play sports such as football, volleyball or swimming.
I would choose this house, but it has a few problems.
Please watch this movie so that we can continue this talk.
I received a message about the English examination.
I need to preview the knowledge I learned.
This exam accounts for 50 percent of result.
One group is from the Kanto area, my older brother, my wife and I, and the other group is from the Tokai area, my mother, my younger brother, grandma and grandpa.
We had planned to meet at the hotel at 3 o 'clock, but my little brother had to go to a job on Saturday, so the second group arrived at 7 o' clock.
We had a dinner soon after they arrived, and had a chat after (the) dinner.
There is all-too-common topic, the work place of brain is different when human understand each language.
And, bilinguals usually say, you should reject Japanese when you study English.
So, if you meet incomprehensible word, you should search in English-English dictionaries.
But, I can't write and speak English without Japanese-English dictionaries.
In addition, that translated English is not often general for ``native`` speakers.
To study foreign language is hard.
They provide a study room, where we can freely study using the books we borrowed.
Seoul is my lovely place.
It was a very comfortable room, gym area and spa.
After I came back home to Seoul from Daejeon, where I had gone to visit my family during the holiday (Seolnal, or lunar New Year's Day, which is one of the biggest holiday in Korea), I found out that I had received an e-mail message from the editorial committee of a Korean philosophical journal, notifying me that they decided to publish the paper I had submitted in their journal.
This is the second time I've had a paper published in one of the major philosophical journals in Korea.
I will be thinking of them.
He has had a high fever and has been coughing.
I don't know why, but it was probably because of my old PC and its browser.
There were many confusing things I thought I knew.
I live in Russia and I want to learn English.
I've had bad luck these days! A massive headache, sore throat, crowded street, poor air quality, buses which never come, intense classes, and I have an important meeting tonight...
I don't know very much.....
I've been whitening and wanted to a whitening gel because my teeth is getting dark.
ahh and I can speak Japanese so I can teach it. Anyway if you are interested in chatting and voicechatting on skype send me message or leave a comment. See you (later) good night oyasumi bye byematane jaane bai bai ~
I have improved my English by writing a little, however, to speak to a foreigner in English is still hard for me.
Then I get more and more nervous, and I reply with bad pronunciation.
In the villages, the farmers are very poor. They need clean water and livestock.
But if some factories just emit dirty water, it can't be good for people's health.
My country needs to take more care of people's lives, not only the good things.
Of course, if you who always tweet in English, follow me; I will be more than willing to follow you also.:)
Rumour has it that the first year is the most comfortable one of the whole college life, but somehow, I think that I was lied to.
But the dentist uses anesthesia before the dental treatment.
They have beautiful voices and emotional lyrics.
I'm so excited, even though I hear it will be raining heavily.
My favorite writer is Tolstoy.
I have a strange habit to go to the Odawara castle every day.
I take the first or second Tokaido train at Hiratsuka.
I study English and check my planner for today's schedule.
Recently other person take a place of our president,
so his comment didn't realized.
They aren't differentfrom Chinese politics that much.
I've never been a shopaholic before.
All students were very skilled.
I think the accident in the first half was the misjudgment of the century.
I have to learn English, because I will become businessman this April.
Today, my breakfast was an egg over rice, miso soup, dried plum, nattou, and honey in milk.
I thought that they're very healthy foods!
Translation sites are untrustworthy...
No progress today.
After the famous people die, it affects ordinary people who get the impulse to commit suicide in groups and series.
And as that happens, the social anxiety increases yet again.
Strangely, she got a reply from a mystery person.)
She started a correspondence with this mystery person.
At last, she found out who the mystery person was.
The mystery person who sent the reply was a different person with the same name as her lover.
The mystery person started to let her (the actress) hear what happened between the two different people of the same name, by mailing her a request.
The problem is that the mystery women has the same features as the actress/ movie star.
My teacher Yoko is very stern.
I speak a smattering of English.
Immediately I regretted it because they were not good words.
Fortunately he knew that I didn't try to mean what I said.
and we became friends.
We will meet again at another festival.
have a quick rhythm and the video is very colorful.
I met a friend with a beautiful girl at the theater.
Some time later he admitted that he has feelings for her and is so happy that he could not get her out of his mind and could not focus on working.
I guided a visitor around Shinjuku today, who came from US to teach English at highschool.
I have been abroad for 9 months, but I can't notice any improvement.
I am a freshman at hunan international economics university, majoring in basic English. Since I am interested in languages, I am learning nihongo at the same time by myself, though I actually know little about it.
My friends told me that I am a happy boy with sun-shining smile. I hope I can infect you with my words and the emotion behind it. Then we can be friends.
It's located in Kyushu.
Today's weather is cloudy and rainy.
I have to change.
I want to change my life, really.
I will have an important examination, next week. I feel a little bit nervous and fantastically excited.
It's my fault.
I'd like to grumble to my mother about that.
``You can do it on stairs!``
It has great lyrics and a great melody, don't you think so?
We people are easily influenced by the weather.
I hope everybody will have a good and clean day, just like today `s air and spring leaves!
The Bible I am looking for is an Audiobook.
I should study harder.
It is irritating me because you have to change to vibrate mode (it is a mode which doesn't make any sound when your cellphone is receives a call) in Japan.
My rabbit has got sick
By then my English skill will be better, so I will be able to talk with you more.
English level and is helpful to your English study.
Having drunk a cocktail at dinner, I am still feeling very sick...
I am going to go very soon.
His birthday was last month.
My speciality is forest mensuration and planning.
I like listening to classical music, pop, rock and Japanese pop music.
Therefore, I don't like the weather.
I hope the dead can go to the paradise, and the survivors will live a happy life.
The most important thing when I buy a bag
The most important thing when I buy a bag is the color.
I went to the karaoke bar yesterday with a junior member
I knowthat it may sound imprudent, but I'm dying to watch the real eruption some day!
Yesterday I attended a series of lectures on the English language.
The lecturer asked the audience to discuss the government's new policy that English classes should be taken by English people (teachers?) only.
He arranged us into some small groups, so I talked to two people who are English teachers.
I heard that in Finland there are no textbooks, so I was so curious as to why they can be successful without textbooks.
In my class, my students are obviously bored and I also cannot enjoy it, especially, when the stories in the textbook are plain. ``It's better to not to have textbooks, isn't it?
One teacher believed that teachers should correct student's pronunciations strictly, while I had not being corrected sincerely when my pronunciations were bad.
She claims that a scientific study shows that people over the age of 10 cannot pronounce English correctly, but I don't think she had spoken English before she was 10 years old.
Also, my most frightening experiences derive not from pronunciation errors
Every morning It's hard for me to get out of bed.
I always feel sick after I drink beer
But I don't feel sick when I drink wines.
Tomorrow I will have class again as usual.
I told my English teacher about it, then I said ``Oh, the reason why they broke up is he's gay!`` and then I asked our classmates what they would do, if their boyfriend wanted to break up with them to date another man.
I said it would be a nightmare, and a disaster!
But my friend said ``Oh, in my case, it's so much better than him meeting another girl!`` We laughed a lot because of her answer.
But he still needs some rest, and has been lying in bed for a long time.
I'm swimming with my friend.
They're farmers.
Currently they preparing for planting rice.
I start in the afternoon, so I'm planing to go to the library in the morning to read a book!
It's the story of a famous Japanese burglar's struggle for his friend and master during the war.
I am worrying about the enormous typhoon which will come soon.
My boyfriend's sister works at a theater, and she said that she had seen this play and she didn't like it, because it was really weird as a play.
The second one was ``Veronica Wants to Die``.
Unfortunately it was a little hard so I stopped it after a few pages, because I didn't understand it enough and I read it very slowly.
My Austrian friend can speak English very well.
And my classmates can speak English, because some come from the USA, others can speak it as a second language.
Fortunately, I could come back home smoothly, but a lot of trees in the yard went down from strong winds.
In Taiwan, I've never tried Mexican cuisine.
The price in the restaurant is fivefold more expensive than general Taiwanese diners.
I like traveling, so I want to learn different languages.
Also, I would be glad to help people who are interested in learning Chinese.
When I wake up, I forget everything.
Chan taan ahaan tiang took-wan, proowaa tii Ginza, ahaan pang kha.
I will start going to school in Ginza for studying Chinese.
I wish I can speak Chinese with the customer after studying Chinese for 3 months.
weight training, not yoga.
I took theTOEIC exam today.
I'm just scard of friends.
I have about 300-500 people in my friends list.
If I think you are my friend, I will put my trust in you.
But a lot of my friends, they always like to ``betray`` me.
About 5 friends owe me money, so they don't try to find me and I can't find them!
I played too much, so I became tired and slept early at last night.
I am busy everyday
I hope to make friend with everyone in here. Especially japanese people because japan is my favourite country.
Yesterday, I felt sick because I got drunk.
Tomorrow is Nossa Senhora Aparecida holiday and Children's Day.
Today is the second day of the beginning of the New Year. The weather is fine and the temperature is very warm. What a fine day! According to Chinese custom, people will get together in the morning to greet each other.
I have an image of people from every country. For example, Americans are active and emotional and Chinese speak hurriedly and are a little selfish.
I'm watching the second season now.
At first I thought I didn't want to live in this country for a long time because it was hotter than I had expected and I really missed my friends in Japan.
one is Korean Immigration in of Japan, and the other is Japanease 'Kamikaze' special pilots in the war.
of course I know this activity by the Japanese army but I didn't watch the real scene images until today.
its a Japanese black history, so we must not do for the outbreak of war and Kamikaze.
in those day, I think people believed that we must be alive and die for our Japanese emperor from the education.
I think that they were brain washed by the goverment then.
The influences you get from other people make you who you are. If you sometimes listen to yourself, you will find that you talk as someone else would depending on the situation.
There are many people who actually are not themselves, instead they are a mix of a lot of other people.
Granada was an important city during the 800-year-long Muslims occupation of
Islam seems to have been comparatively generous to another ethnic group.
I spent New Year's Day on very spontaneous trip to the mountains with my school mates and their friends.
It was very nice to meet some awesome new people. We went to Murzasichle, a small town near Zakopane, a few days before the New Year to take some walks and to try some winter sports.:) We climbed some hills and walked along the streets of Zakopane and in the snowy forest to admire the beautiful views around us.
In China, when u are 18 years old, then u can learn to drive a car, but last month, I went to New Zealand, and I know people can learn to drive when they are 16 years old, but my visa is a student visa. I don't know, can I learn to drive now?
Also don't know I have already corrected other people's diaries, but my ``corrections made`` number is zero.....
I learn that the Chinese do not like going Dutch.
Really?
Now I can pay for college to help my father and mother!
Suddenly, I realized that I will be a college student at that moment and I would start a new stage in my life.
I don't need to separate trash here.
There are no designated trash bags either.
In Japanese society, low calorie beers are popular now.
My favorite the low calorie beer is ``Asahi off``.
The most two popular languages here are English and Japanese, without a doubt.
I'm not complaining, because the ability of speaking Chinese would remain a privilege in some ways, haha.
So, people who are learning Tradition Chinese don't give up and also others, who are learining other languages, don't stop!
I haven't bought a present yet-
Only neighbors walk through there.
I went to library after the test.
I'll go to Okinawa this coming Sunday with my school friends.
so I'm studying English hard.
In Central Asia, deserts such as the Karakum andthe Kyzyl kum exist.
This is one of the geographical dimensions different from Japan.
Also, in Japan there are several sandy areas, which are called ``sand hills,`` but the size is much narrower compared to those deserts.
So, I made pre-cooked Japanese noodles.
It's a very popular brand of noodles in Japan.
I watched a video by chance yesterday, and it got me thinking about many things.
Watching this, I thought that I had only explored a little bit of myself as long as I have been living
I learnd a lesson that exploring myself is important.
It is around 40 minutes past 12 (?).
I also want to learn some sentences that native speakers usually use in daily life.
I hope you guys can be my teachers and help me.
I couldn't use my computer because my stable went bankrupt.
At first, I couldn't understand what happened to me.
Needless to say, I was confused, but I tried to think: ``This is a big chance. I can change my life.``
It's very hard to pass the English essay-writing test, and so I must work very hard on it.
From NHK news, these earthquakes is 8. 8-Magnitude.
and these are very massive! They hit all of northern Japan!
and the Tsunami hit Northern Japan now.
My friend told me to listen to the opening narration, so I did.
I took the test because the score gives me a certification for english skill for when I apply for a job.
But actually I thought that I want to stay here longer.
Knowledge from books, we don't experience ourselves.
knowledge.
So, in my opinion, books are the more important source to gain knowledge.
On the train I read a book called ``Diary of the wimpy kid THE LAST STRAW`` and this book is so funny because, it's a story that couldn't be real.
After I got off the train I walked for 3 minutes and I got to the Canadian Embassy.
Then, I went to the library and took part in the book reading session. Today's session was about ``What elephant?``.
It's a story about a boy named George, who went home and found there was a big elephant there. George called a lot of people for help but, nobody believed it was true and George had to do a lot of things because of the elephant.
This story was very interesting for me because, could you believe it if there was an elephant in your house?
Anti-boycott law in Israel
Anti-boycott law was established in Israel.
I still don't know why she went home without any word, so I feel bad today.
I work in the company which is in one of the financial sectors and I belong to
The Ferris wheel is our good memory before getting married.
One of my friends strongly recommended this site to me.
I want to go abroad, but I've never been to foreign co ``u`` ntries.
But, because I'm shy it was so difficult to make friends there...
I managed to talk with some people.
They were from KSA, the USA, Korea, Malaysia, Russia, and India!!
my listening and speaking skills are not good..
we have only learned English grammar and reading...
My kness hurt recently.
When the tomato jolted on the basket, it made tomato juice.
But some of the customers say ``Thank you.`` or ``Hang in there!`` to me.
When I walked along the fried chestnut shop, the fragrance of fried-chestnuts was scattered into the air, which made me drool.
I took the lesson from the other teacher but I was given a lot of questions because this was the firts lesson with the new teacher.
It seemed as if the story was finished by force.
I was very impressed!
``Akai ito`` means ``the connection between the couple.``
I have a friend who lives in Hawaii.
After that he went to Hawaii.
He have lived in Hawaii for 9 years.
I know what is happening in my brain
Yesterday and today, I watched the drama (or TV series) ``Sex and the city`` for 10 hours.
Because I watched season 6 that has 20 stories. (or episodes)
One story is 30 minutes long.
I love Samantha.
The question is whether we should eliminate the one child policy.
On the one hand, they need to take care of the elderly, while on the other they need to take care of their children.
Exactly. If you have no money then you cannot do anything.
I have done much housework today because my boyfriend was watching the world cup all night!
I always regard her as my anti, although she is Vietnamis.
If you make a correction with a reason, I would be happier!!
I had seen Avatar in 3D in January, and I wrote about its impression in a Lang-8 diary entry.
This is the latest release.
Do you usually think before you speak?
Indeed, why do I learn languages, if I have no one to communicate with it?
I'm Japanese but I feel that I must learn the Japanese language more.
He has to stay in home and I can't be near to him because it's only been 20 days since my operation: <I feel guilty and I totally miss him: <
I drink an iced coffee after I drink a hot coffee. XD
So I can go home anytime when I want to go home.
Its original is ``Shushoku-Katsudou``.
Doctor says it will take about one year to heal.
My neighbor was rushed to a nearby hospital by an ambulance.
At this time, which should I say ``Good night`` or ``Good morning``?
3days ago, I loged in Lang-8 to study English.
I found it takes a lot of courage to face the setbacks in life.
And both have touched me.
One day my mother made me take piano lessons without thinking my character.
I prefered playing outside with boys instead of playing inside with girls
Since then, piano and music scores have been tramatic for me.
Speaking English is very different from writing and reading, I think.
Where is the sunshine going?
Though, of course I am really happy that we realized that we love each other.
Success or failure
Thank you very much indeed in advance for giving me your answers.
How to get fish eggs.
At the gym, I trained myself by using dumbbells and some of the other machines there.
So I was nervous.
These days, there arealso boxes for the purpose of collecting money/ donationsfor the cases of foot-and-mouth disease in theMiyazaki pref.
I made carbonara for dinner (see the attached pictures)
Yesterday, we had a translating class and it was exciting for us.
So far, when I read something in English, I can understand it if it is about something that we have been taught.
Honestly, in some fields such as stock market, specialized terms in economy, and so on.
So if I am not good at my language, it will be more difficult if I wanna be good at other languages.
I really like European architecture and art, so that's why I chose this department.
Though I'm studying French, recently I started going to English conversation school in/ at my university.
My native teacher is very kind and I made friends with my classmates.
Friend's birthday!!
However, fun time ended soon becuase I had to go to the library for an appointment with the librarian.
I had my stomach examined with agastrocamera today.
First, I drank aliquid to reduce bubbles inmy stomach. Then Ihadan injection to restrain the motion of mystomach. Ithen had tokeep ajerry to anesthetize at the throat for one minute and wait to be examined by thegastrocamera.
It was nothing other than a cockcroach!!
I have found more and more cockcroaches lately.
We should be content.
Although it's Saturday, I don't have any planned.
It's likely that the share prices of IBM and AOL will stay at the same level for the next few months.
She had to have seven stitches.
I actually have very patriotic feelings-our history is really heroic and difficult.
I'm not good enough at it to write anything (I've had just two lessons)
It's German and if I only wanted to, could I& nbsp; write something understandable.
I'll modify/ correct my mistake.
Though my daily life is extremely monotonous, I try hard to adapt (myself to it).
Exciting Cities (Boiling Cities)
I watched the program named Excitng Cities made by NHK.
Finally I found the program on internet yesterday.
Something is different between the Turkey in the episode made in 2008 and the Turkey I saw in 2010.
Moreover, Japan is also one of the places I want to visit since I like Japanese culture so much.
In order to travel to different places in the future, I will try my best to learn languages and always improve.
stupid policy
I'll be going to to Tokyo Disney Sea tomorrow.
I recieved an e-mail from an old friend.
Last week, my supervisor invited me a meeting, and let me know that the company has a new business plan.
it can prevent some viruses and hackers.
My body's condition was bad, so I slept all day.
On the day of my birthday, I decided to never fail to write a journal entry everyday!
Our president and government.
I was absent from my company today because of my sons poor physical condition.
He can go to the nursery school tomorrow, I hope so.
This is tempura, which is fried shrimp and vegetables.
We often eat tempura with soup called tsuyu in Japanese and we sometimes eat it with salt.
Both ways to eat tempura are very delicous.
he tempura of This picture shows several kinds of tempura.
There are many foods which are included in tempura.
They are tendon, which is tempura on rice and tempura udon which is tempura on top of udon soup.
I was always bothered about what people thought about me...
Today is the first time I went surfing on the Lang-8, and I really want to
When we are working we have jokes and fun. ^_ ^
So we are not well known by people in other countries, especially the people who live in Europe.
I want to write an interesting diary.
Spring holiday!
Now, I have spring holiday for about one month.
Besides, I've been expecting my package and letter from Japan but it has been delayed...
I was living in Illinois, in the outskirts of Chicago, for 2 years.
Some people told me that I can speak english pretty well. So for now I want to work with foreigners only, so that I can practice my English with them.
I've had many foreigner friends in Thailand and they really like it here, but it's opposite for me.
Today, I taught the way of makeup to a younger member in my club.
Furthermore, I was praised for my posture in yesterday career fair!!
We were in the same grade and the same major.
In contrast, I think some English words don't (seem to) have any difference, so I want to know how English people distinguish these words.
Actually, I didn't know what to write.
In autumn, there are many seasonal delicacies.
And I wish I will never have a patient.
TRY-WORKS conducted questionnaires on the web and the street to ask girls about which character was the cutest.
They were sold at game arcades as a prizes, and Kapibara-san became the most popular character of all the prototypes.
He became a big hit among girls, and today he is just as popular as ever.
My official duties are to explain the work for my workers, check their work, and make orders for building materials...
I think that this work is difficult because I am young for this position, but I like it and it brings me a good salary.
I am a student at Gifu National College of Technology.
I just hope in a few days I can be normal again.
However intelligent you are, you would not say these are correct
Although I've already decided to not send any, I have to make a lot of New Year's cards for my family.
What can be considered to be a good souvenir??
I can't decide on souvenirs for my Thai friend and his (her?) familly.
Winter, summer, twenty-nine, thirty-first...
It's news to me, so first I have to understand the general thoughts (people have?) about him.
A rainy Tuesday
I live in the north of Taiwan in Keelung, a famous rainy city in Taiwan.
I went to the Gold Coast in Australia from the 1st to the 15th of August to study with my sons.
Today, I discovered Lang-8 on the Internet.
I like reading good books sometimes.
But now I feel a little nervous because many graduate students are not working.
But the students have many things to prepare.
You could find something new or something you've half-forgotten.
In addition, to the Japanese, grass is blue, the smoke of a cigarette is purple, etc..
she `s so adorable and I can` t wait to see her weird pacifier and hear her sucking sounds.
I am actually concerned about it.
Fortunately, I don `t have to eat a lot as long as I study because I did not move too much.
Does anyone experience this kind of eating habit?
I received ``A Desk For Charlie Jade``: episode 1 from Amazon.
Charlie Jade is a surprising drama.
Today is the day I started watching ``Gossip Girl,`` which makes my boring life a bit more fun.
Once I saw the cover of the DVD, I was totally excited to watch ``Gossip Girl`` as soon as I could.
Believe it or not, this phenomena might have happened to you before. Has it?
A patient came to my clinic three minutes before our consultation hours was over.
but seriously, I'm considering to go to a foreign country as an exchange student, or take a VISA for a working holiday:/ ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
It's hard for me because I have never lived in another country before and most of time, I've spent in Japan:(So im not in a situation where I can dramatically improve my English skills, ohhhhhhhhhh my gooooooooooooooooood!
so, I'm thinking about the other way, a working holiday.
I `m very happy because I met up with my best friends.
I think I want to speak English to communicate with people from other countries.
I decided to study hard English.
I thought this is ridiculous, and I resisted to do it first, but it was in vain.
Those all made me just exhausted.
But nobody commented my diary.
When I feel something, I try to write a Haiku.
It's very nice but my legs ached.
As for me, I've been to Italy, Germany, Holland and Switzerland.
This holiday has many days together, I enjoy being at home with family.
By the way, tomorrow, I will visit Kyoto and meet up with a friend who was my neighbour when I was living in Osaka.
I ate five bananas weighing in total 1. 5 kilograms.
I won't do that next time.
It is common that hundreds of thousands of people apply for one position in one company, obviously, the competition in China will be more fierce than that of in Aussie.
However, some employees argue with their employers about job satisfaction in order to improve their work environment.
This essay will discuss what factors are important to job satisfaction, and what employees can realistically expect.
In this unlimited competitive society, corporations tend to concentrate mostly on how to increase profits.
He loves Disney, so I wanted to send a Disney one, but I couldn't find it.
In 1932, she wrote her debut short novel and her writings were published in the school magazine.
It includes Qing Cheng Zhi Lian and Jin Suo Ji.
In the spring of 1952, she went back to Hong Kong, where she worked as a translator for UK News Agency for 3 years.
But I was a bit surprised to find this kind of site where the registrants assist each other with foreign language skill development.
Today, I started to read the passages of the website named ``technobahn (URL)`` to learn more about the backgrounds of various fields such as Archaeology, Biology, Economics, Mathematics, Physics and so on.
Since my youngest sister is going to college, none of us are qualified to get any Ya Sui Qian from our parents.
But, I never want to give up my future!
I'm wondering if the sentences below has any differences.
But I decided to choose the normal version, because it is more friendly on kid's eyes.
I have been dreaming of seeing the Christmas tree at Rockefeller Center.
I tried to explain ``konnyaku`` (it's a japanese food) to the instructor from America, but I was totally confused: '(I need more practice.)
She failed (in) the step-up (examination) 3 years ago, so she had to look for an one-year contract dormitory.
In Japan, dormitory contracts are mostly for two years but I don't know (the reason/ why).
Her contract ended this year, so she had to study for passing the exam and also to look for a new dormitory.
When we arrived at her old apartment, she had just finished putting all her things into boxes, so we cleaned the rooms and (conveyed/ move the) boxes to a car.
After we moved all of her stuff, we went to a furniture shop to buy new furniture.
It was a little far from Tokyo.
But we had a lot of fun and looked a lot of furniture.
While I was looking for her furniture, I found a very attractive box, so I bought it.
In the way returning home we went to a noodle restaurant because Yokohama is famous for its noodles.
These special beans have a hearty taste and smell nice.
I studied English today.
Takahiko Kozuka finished eighth, but he became the first man from Japan to complete a quadruple jump at the Olympic games.
I got angry at my daughter today, so she broke our promise.
Then, I thought that this was good for my English study and bought it.
Although I have lived in Tokyo for many years, I didn't know most of those Tokyo's sightseeing spots.
The Burger King in Akihabara is a holy (?) spot, because there are little customers.
It's indisputable that cars are harmful too but I think that aircraft which need a good deal more of fuel than cars are even more polluting.
I graduated from a university that had many students from other countries.
So, I have learned more English than other members of my office.
I know my English is not good enough for business, but I will have to work with a client with whom I need to communicate in English from next month onwards.
There will be many conversations with this client.
A few minutes later, a staff mentioned the train wouldn't run because of the earthquake.
I feared the influence of the aftermath.
I study foreign language.
Surely, the most universal vocabulary, the most laiconical rules, the most popular constriction help me study English easier and faster.
The most modern equipment and programmers use only English.
My job is very busy recently.
I studied English in school, but I never did learn it.
In Japan, we will have a long holiday from April 29th to May 10th, when there will be a lot of tourists going on holidays abroad.
This flu came from pigs, but our government says it will be all right if we eat pork.
Sometimes there are nice things, and sometimes there are bad things happening.
Fortunately, I haven't experienced a huge earthquake yet since I came to Sapporo, although I have experienced slight earthquakes a few times.
They are beautiful.
I always believe that I don't have to celebrate my birthday since I haven't contributed anything to anyone around me.
My childishness make me suffer a lot in campus while others take their time to broaden their circle.
I've never celebrated my birthday before and neither have I evergot such a surprise.
I think [that] the British people really do have a funny accent.
A very embarassing thing happend to me when I was in Manchester for the first time.
Is it because of my diet (two meals per day)?
I heard about this website from a friend of mine, who is learning japenese. She said online studying was so much fun that she had improved her japenese extremely/ very fast. So I decided to come here to make friends and to elevate my spoken english and grammer.
I've ended up my bachelor's at the beginning of this year.
I'll begin keeping this diary today.
so I'm studying everyday.
I got up at 9: 00 a. m. I was standing at the booth of my laboratory, and I talked to some people advertising and appealing my laboratory and my study (major?).
As I mentioned yesterday, my friend Minsung came to my home after watching a concert by singer Park HyoSin.
And then, we went to a ``teokbokki`` vendor because he said he was dying of hunger.
I'm nothing compared to him because all I've watched are Heroes and Friends.
A sort of mouse that has only four fingers and walks on two legs lives there.
I want you guys to correct my broken English and I can also help people who needs Korean correcting.
Does the dormitory of the university in Toronto still have small telephone booths on each floor where students can make phone calls?
I went to a park near my house with my sons so that we could play soccer yesterday.
This is why I played soccer holding him while playing with his brother.
I ended up going to bed again.
(In Japanese)
or ``How wasteful``!!
After my cavity was treated, I had a terrible toothache.
Fortunately, my older sister's friend is a dentist.
I don't like these serious meetings, but I like a lunchbox served during it.
It was a more important problem than the topic for the meeting.
Even though I go to Sapporo snow festival every year, I think it is spectacular.
This September I will be promoted to a position that has to constantly fill out a lot of documents.
My concern is if I can accomplish my task.
My favorite day of week except for Sunday!
Do you know whatUdonis?
Really, though, I couldn't communicate well enough with her.
Please correct my English.
Because they are so yummy, they become others 'prey including ours.
I was relieved.
I have a fever, headache, sore throat, runny nose and I sneeze often.
I haven't gotten the shot yet.
I can't have swine flu, especially now.
I have to go to China tomorrow as a model for a cosmetic company.
I am going to the hospital in an hour even though I don't have the energy.
I'm kind of nervous.
During theOshogatu holiday, I prepared to apply to get a Canada working holiday program visa,
[The 34year old England midfielder missed the first half of the American season because he extended his spell with the Italian side.
The auther of this book is genius or god indeed.
Please tell me what the most important things are for an interview
It is one of my all time favourite movies.
As you may know, Lang-8 had been experiencing some technical issues after the latest update which caused the disappearance of some journal comment entries and messages (friend requests)
In the future I will work hard for my family.
Today I will study English and exercise near by the park.
I continue the effort in the future.
If I walk wearing this trainer on the street, people think I'm crazy, but if it's her, everything will be okay;-)
Besides, most of all them take paid holidays with 100% commission
Right now, I'm studying English& Korean because of my job and communication.
Please become my friend!
It was a nice discovery.
A handmade Christmas cake
After that, we ate this handmade Christmas cake.
Her hair colour is dark blue.
But, one rainy day, her brother Jin disappeared....
It was delicious.
I want to keep a diary to learn English.
The roads were confusing, but the police stood at the main crossing
When I turned on the TV about 2am yesterday morning,
Now I am writing some documents, including some tutorials of the basic systems and how to use and set up stuff.
Even if the guy says that he can't live without me as he sincerely loves me, and I feel like accepting it, I can't.
Since I was brought up in a poor family, living without worrying about money have been very important for me.
I tried to go outside and see the fireworks display.
Other apartment residents were also outside to watch it.
My boyfriend will go to golf with his colleagues.
A meal consists of chicken, vegetables, potatoes, and so on.
We had gossiped about boring routines as well interesting topics like the Casino.
I forgot about lang-8 for a while
So I will go to the gas station and buy lamp oil.
the cold is very bad!!!!!!
There is a dressing table at the head of the bed.
Aroma is again important to make it perfect.
I can chose the best one for that day from some herbal soaps.
I'm studying CRM (Customer Relationship Management)
Then, she woke up in surprise.
My Literary Comprehension.........
Especially when I walk down the street Saudi people look at me interestedly and greet me.
Soccer is very much fun!
The temperature was 37c, unusual in this rainy season.
It was useless, they were careful about their health.
now Mao may not take part in winter olympics.
It was very beautiful.
Therefore when we went out last weekend, I kind of got lost in Harajyuku and believe it or not, he led me to the right direction.
I applied for a scholarship.
But I still have not received any response from them.
When I came back home and opened it, I went just insane.
Last week, I was asked to translate some papers at my office for a co-worker.
I couldn't come up with the right word in Japanese even if the English word was very simple or familiar.
The Phonix Suns were two wins away from NBA finals last season,
Du betyr mye for meg:)
We (my husband and I) decided to buy bricks for her Chirstmas present.
My dinner was only riceball and vegetables.
I had good opportunity to meet funny women and we exchanged email addresses.
She was pro-wrestler and she was eating smorgasbord about 4000 calories.
She claimed she could eat a smorgasbord about 4000 calories if she could come to this place.
She claims that she eats 5ooo calories everyday.
I was the only Japanese until the new 2011 February team arrived at my school.
I totally didn't understand what my team leader said when I was at meetings.
I've tried to talk with other Japanese people in English, even if only Japanese speakers sit down at the same table as me at lunch time.
We mix ingredients such as strong flour, salt, yeast and some others.
When I come home, my leg are dead..
When I was in university, I joined the ballroom dance club.
My schedule is too full
Love letters are normally too sentimental and so full of words that only once you read them again after some time you realize how silly and embarrassed they make you feel.
So I dedicated some of my time to writing.
Unfortunately, I found that two of the professors seem to have bad ratings regarding class hardiness and teaching qualities.
For 10 minutes, two friends and I talked in English in front of our teacher.
The picture shows the Sept Sky in Hong Kong, enjoy.
I always go to the Starbucks coffee.
I did a college entrance exam.
Because of the sucky assignment makes me nervous
I finished the assignment up.
Then I counted how many words I used in the assignment.
I (just) picked up ``The Dialogues of Plato.``
Since I had promised my kids beforehand, I took my kids and their friends to a swimming pool today.
This photo shows a statue of a Buddhist priest in his childhood.
He has been praying all this long-long time.
because I am apart from them.
Do you know Hiro Nakamura?
I heard that drinking water is good for the health.
A large number of evacuees from the disaster have stayed in the evacuation shelters.
Also, unfortunately we had the trouble with the nuclear power station right after the earthquake.
When I pull the drawer, I found some latters.
I found blog with iPhone review, when I surfing the internet.
A large quantity of the site's features were developed by American and South East Asian engineers, so I had to cooperate with them in order to maintain site stability and to make sure the translations were correct.
For example, there are often some variables in strings, like ``You have learned [A] out of [B] videos!``.
So I needed to make a guideline that unifies the way to translate the site's contents; I had to consider the difference between English and Japanese.
I decided to make a plan so that I do not waste the time I have left.
Because of the cold and rain, there were no people except me and my girlfriend.
It is better to ride a Ferris wheel in good weather.
The master then put out a five-dollar bill and two one-dollar bills and asked the boy.
Why did you choose the two one-dollar bills at the barbershop? ``
So I would like to keep writing and speaking English.
2) Let's review the 3 questions I gave you today.
But today she said ``I don't remember``.
I'm nervous.
My hobbies are playing violin and snorkeling.
I play the violin about three times a week.
We talked about the habits between Japan, Korea and Canada.
hi. this is my first journal
but, except for reading and reciting,
Today, my classmates and I went to play basketball and soccer, and I felt very happy.
I suddenly thought of a sentence.
Also, regarding internet technology, I feel that it can connect people of all over the world to each other, and that is useful for business in the future and in our life
Because of these reasons, I want to work at an internet company and create new services using the internet so we can live more comfortable.
A few days ago, I made a decision that I would get up at six-thirty every morning to study whatever I need to.
> ``<So it's all my fault.
But I could 't directly answer thoes questions.
Anything is OK-common image or personal opinion-.
It was first time I met them for ``real``, but they were really friendly!!
English conversation is very difficult!!!!!!!
Hello.
I `m a university student.
These days, I have many opportunities to talk with Americans, Canadians, Germans, and so on.
I ask myself, ``Is this English expression wrong? This might be wrong,`` and then I stop myself to express my feelings and opinions.
If you get a chance to draw on someone's face, I recommend all of you try to draw fake eyes on their eyelids (like the pictures above. These are my current works.:P) It makes their sleeping face incredibly funny.:D
We enjoyed the changing colors of Autumn leaves, and we enjoyed the sound of the fallen leaves crunching beneath our feet.
-Samurai Sentai Sinkenger& Masked Rider Decade-
This movie was very interesting!
Masked Rider movie Next 12, December.
Good summer vacations!
I was born in the Aomori prefecture, which is further north than Iwate, so my parents and brother were not injured.
I hope that the disaster's damage won't spread more, and that thepeople of those areas may be safe.
I decided to expand my skills in English.
This first note is very short because I'm so tired.
They had to check my vision before I buy them.
I am very nearsighted.
Some people were fighting policemen armed with shields and nightsticks.
At first I didn't know the cause of the riots, as Japanese TV stations didn't report them in detail.
But in China, it seems to be unbearable to eat raw fish.
I couldn't do my best.
Depression Days
So we are losing our work.
I write my diary in English and Chinese every day.
Hayashi told us about the book written by an Australian broadcaster who traveled to China.
After some time, appeared a rainbow before my eyes.
The camera of my cellularphone couldn't photograph it.
I want to work for a passionate, challenging, and creative company.
My last wish is to never lose happiness no matter what may happen.
I'm not a perfect person but I'm proud that I'm a Christian.
first diary entry
Because the internet is speedy and wireless.
I must practise it as much as I can...
But I thought the tiger one was more cute than the lion one, so I chose this tiger.
My address is on my profile.
They seem to hate me since I have been put in charge of an important project at such a young age.
I invite my friends over, but I feel confused because of not knowing what should I do with them.
On the second day, when I first met Chinese friends, I was very ashamed and confused
We call it ``Chakaiseki bento`` in Japanese.
The beginning of the rainy season.
The question that agitated me and my friends was about limbs.
According to this script Moll returned to the real world.
It's in Guam
I will not be able to go anywhere unless I get up early tommorow.
The club chief is a handsome and cheerful person.
It was relieved because generally member of such an inconspicuous club are not cheerful.
She became my friend when I was in an elementary school.
Second of all, there is a really exciting activity
He is the one that recommended me to go to his church for the first time, so
It is just like raining fire outside in the afternoon.
Despite the electric fan, we still can't bear the high temperature.
Eating ice-cream is the only thing that makes me happy.
Now, I wanna tell you especially about the J-pop artist, Aiko.
Is it as hot in your neighborhood?
Usually, I go to see musicals in Seoul.
It arrives at Suwon subway station.
Cloudy but warm
It was cloudy today.
I went to a Chinese temple located in the China Town of the Philippines in 2008.
I have some questions about grammar.
I cooked dinner for my friends
I had to treat my guests, so I went to the supermarket and bought some food.
I bought more expensive meat than I usually buy.
Their answer was SUSHI.
They often make jokes about my skin.
The Weather forecast says the rain and the wind will stop by the next morning.
Studying in my room is so hard.
There are many obstacles (distractions).
It is irresistible, haha.
The bitter melon was eaten in Okinawa originally but now it is eaten throughout Japan.
In addition, it can be used as a green curtain (?) and it is useful for avoiding/ blocking the heat.
But the various vegetables and plants will help us and our life.
One is through the third tunnel, observatory and the northern most station.
She is a good listener.
However, I didn't know it clearly.
She told me after she went to America, she rarely read books in her leisure time, because it's in English.
Some like Yahoo, some like Google, and different countries have their own search engines.
I saw ``The Blind Side`` yesterday.
The presents were ``smiles, messages, bouquet, dinner, and more.``
Yesterday I finally receieved a big baggage from japan.
I've been eagerly expecting the baggage from my parents.
One of my club memberes invited some other members including me. (= some club menberes).
I was so furious to my parents and doctors.
I was so depressed and sad so, told my mother that I'm so afraid and sad for staying in a hospital.
It was the start of the my terrible lunatic asylum journey.
I was in there for 2 weeks.
It was the end of the lunatice asylum journey.
When I was there, I was so normal to interact with others, alchoholics, schizophrenics, suiciders and dimentias.
I hope they get well and live happily.....
I am very nervous. I really hope I perform well and can be admitted by the university I want to attend.
I feel lonely, because I have to work the day after tomorrow and my favorite city is Seattle.
He made a beautiful Latte. (picture 1)
It's a very beautiful city.
I am one of those people who has to come here earlier or I won't make it on time.
Thanks in advance for everyone who will help me make my English understandable for other people ^ ^ ``
But I'm worried that it might not require me to speak English.
I want to speak in English.
However, I sometimes keep it at a high temperature
I was soooooooooooooooo cold.......
Today is not sunny, so it's not very hot although it's summer here.
he played football and badminton, although he didn't win he had fun because he met a friend and relaxed after hard work.
This will be my first trip this year.
I'm learning English conversation through the internet.
But there are so many English words I can't remember!
But there are no words I can show my opinion with.
A new school year starts in April in Japan, and March is farewell season.
But I think thinking about something impossible is important because it changes to real things.
If we hope, we strive to fulfil our desires.
wonder drugs
And I am hoping to study Japanese and learn how to talk, but now I just wanted to give an update on where I've been.
I think all languages are beautiful, only we just don't have have enough time to be able to discover their dbeauties.
That is ``Lang8 surfing``.
That's true.
I think the Internet is a good thing because I sold my bicycle on a second hand goods website [www.
Still, I can't believe he has broken his leg!!
I would really like to meet my host family and feel a different culture!
but, I'm worrying to can't make myself understand in English.
I was surprised because many people cosplayed super heros.
She tried to ruin the relationship between S and N.
I took the role of a presenter and got a lot of helpful advice in yesterday's meeting.
I will do it continually to achieve my goal of going to Harvard.
They were couscous (Africa), shan noodle (Myanma), adobo (Philippines), spring roll (Vietnam), guacamole (Mexico).
And we, as Japanese, made 'Makizushi' and 'Inarizushi'.
fortunately, my insurance covered it.
I want to go to China and feel an air of excitement that lots of Japanese people felt 20 or 30 years ago.
After finishing the movie, I went for a coffee with friends.
In Saturday, I got up late because I don't have a class.
Also, I had a breakfast and I read newspaper.
After that, I went shopping with my brother and I bought some clothes.
I was happy.
My supervisor told me 'you should finish your work tonight!`` but that work's deadline is still four days away.?
I think that this is excellent in the overdrive pedal that can be bought in this price range.
Some of our friends are coming with us.
Now I have a daughter, she is 3 months old.
When I lived in Japan, I was a volunteer staff and sometimes technical staff in a child-care center.
So, I got information from a community college.
My baby sometimes needs mommy (= me), so my study speed is very slow.
Maybe this entry is a bit long, so I am going to finish it for today.
I signed the contract to buy my home:)
It will be 4LDK (four rooms and one living room, dining room and kitchen) and will be 2 floors.
I talked to a girl from Beijing, China yesterday.
A lot of people like to stay in air-conditioned places.
Unlike forigners, people like to go the beach, picnics or outdoor activities.
It could made her skin get tanner, so she always puts on a coat in the daytime, as well as putting on sunglasses, and rubbing suncreen on her skin. She is very crazy.
First of all, I will tell you about my opinion, if we want to be a good boss, I think we have to control our company very well, be fair, and kind.
If we can't control our company, we can't deal with some people or companies, and the workers will not believe in you.
Also, most of the workers will disagree about our command because if we don't control our company, they will not know about our authority.
If we are doing everything unfairly, I am sure all of the workers will hate us.
Suddenly I noticed what a good husband I am!!
Until now I'm interested in it, but Ihave no time to start a facebook.
I've heard that the Singaporeans are nocturnal, because the country is near the equator. Therefore/ That's why they do nothing in the day time, and usually start moving after (the) sunset.
I wanted to buy it.
The J3 has many good functions.
Such as an inner speaker, 8GB of memory, AMOLED Display, long play time etc.
I am satisfied by its performance and design
It takes more than 3 hours.
Although I tried to ask my teacher to correct my composition, he looks so busy.
There is a real atmosphere of liveliness at the shop where buyers and sellers haggle.
I often experienced that. Although I had decided to cook a meat dish for supper, when I went to the market, energetic cries of the clerk from the fish store made me find myself buying some fish.
This is my second journal entry.
Today I hadan English test. It was a 150 word essay. Iwas thefirst to finish in my class but I made many mistakes.
I am nineteen years old. + nain-tiin +
Maybe you feel really happy one moment; you think you are the luckiest person in the world. But, very soon, maybe one day later or 1 hour later, you feel upset; you think you are nothing.
The development of Science and Technology
I will show you a question, and I will try to answer it in various ways.
One difference, I think, is in the development of science and technology, especially that of PCs and mobile phones.
First and foremost, soldiers must put military gear on in order to beguile the foes.
Besides, puting together plenty of grenadesfor bombardmentis amust.
Meanwhile, others set snares at the behest of the marshal.
It's interesting to know that Dazai declared himself to be the Japanese Baudelaire.
So I always don't know whether my writings (or) entries are right or wrong.
Ultimately..
It is so difficult, because I have not studied English in 3 years.
Two weeks from now I'm going to Milan, and I'm going to see ``The Last Supper``.
Before I visit Italy I want to be able to speak Italian a little.
If the eye consists of contrastive colors like brown and white like us, well at least for Asians, your eyeball movement is easy to be noticed.
Is the drama famous?
Surprisingly, the hair-stylist today seems to have done a good job, maybe he is in my mind!
I love horse races.
She is a very strong horse and she is very cute!
However there are disadvantages, for example, if you spend a lot of time on the Internet it is dangerous.
I don't think that books have any disadvantages.
On balance I think that both inventions are good but the Internet has got more advantages.
I especially love soccer.
I am a member of a soccer team& nbsp; in the& nbsp; Future University in Hakodate.
I am popular in the soccer circle.
So, immediately wake up by yourself, do morning exercises, eat enough food and you'll be ready for every great day and be able to move mountains!
Hello everyone... I am an Indonesian. I want to learn Japanese.
Nowadays I am gradually finding out.
is really bad especially writing T_ T
I'm trying to speak english and listening to english everyday.
it's a big problem for me!
The title was ``Science Allergy``
I must improve my Japanese ability as well as English.
As far as I know, H& M has only started selling their products in Japan since 2008 and they have only a few stores around Tokyo.
I would like to make many friends on Lang-8.
I finished five graphics and one graphic is being painted now.
I'm waiting for you!
We, Asians, performed a play, to tell you the truth, I really didn't perform.
It's a weird sensation, kinda (kind of) like look at myself through someone else's eyes.
My major is economics.
BTW I ate a pizza at Sbarro in Shibuya which opened last month.
Nowadays, I've been thinking about this.
When I meet someone from another country, I want to know some expressions for asking new words and phrases in their languages.
This time we students were talking about monitoring the employees.
To my great surprise a lot of students do not think carefully before doing it!
Anyway, I recommend you to watch this movie!
She is going to play the trombone in Tokyo Disneyland as a one of members of the elementary school brass band in Oct.
I always study English while drinking a cup of coffee until my teacher comes.
Our factory has a lot of free time.
It's a challenge to explain love with (or: through) science.
I attended a Techono Buddha, which is an event to make relationship through some workshops between temple members who are young people (21-39), yesterday and today.
And one of them was very weird!!
However, I couldn't carry the ball very well, so it took a long time to carry.
I hope I could play the weird game very well next time.
So I chose inexpensive but fairly strong ones.
We ate Italian food for lunch.
And I want to know the American culture.
It was quite a peculiar reaction among many people in the cafeteria.
I will do battle with mosquitos all this summer season
Actually, the machine that had troubles last week is woking without trouble.
By the end of Nowrooz children can buy something for themslves with the money which they took from their relatives and parents.
Anyway, I usually start a new day by writing in my diary about daily life.
I was supposed to bring these clothes when I moved to Chicago, but I can't find them in my house.
My favoriate videos to watch are the American TV programs.
But in fact, with the fashion spreading through our country, the person in question was making a humble apology without a different look.
Being paticular about their dress may not be bad, but, I think, unpleasant appearances should be avoided.
Beautiful dentist
Since I live in foreign country without my mom, I have to cook.
I can succeed at living alone and studying.
First diary
First, I will write a weekly diary.
I'm going to writing my diary here on Lang-8 starting today.
I am beginner.
First, I will introduce to you TAIYOU NO UTA, a Japanese movie released in 2006. I first watched Taiyou no Uta in 2006. I think it is a good movie and I recommend you to watch it. The actress is Japanese cute girl YUI, her main occupation is as a singer and she is one of the most famous girls in Japan now. You can hear her music in this movie.
However I haven't decided where yet.
I'm interested in NY because I'd like to visit the Apollo theater, which is known for being the Mecca for Black Music, and I'm big fan of BM.
I like google.. and the sense of this website looks like it....
It's a no-brainer that the bear effortlessly defeated Takeru Kobayashi.
Actually I bought the ravioli, so I just made white sauce for it.
If they attend Siggraph, they have to study, so they are reluctant to go.
I saw a movie called Harry Potter.
Simons described all of this very precisely.
It's really horrific what these people must have survived.
I like books that describe stories like this because I can learn something about a time when I didn't live but thanks to this world I can see what it actually looks like.
Today was the last day at school and I received a certificate.
They are famous in Osaka, which I am originally from.
There's only one whole day left.
However, I have strong likes and dislikes about food.
However, I don't have an I-phone or Android phone.
To most of us, friends are the partners, who are valuable to trust in.
It is said that please forget me when you are living in happiness, please recall me when you feel sad and painful my friend.
She said the different amount was financial charge that was sent each month then dissolved later, so I ignored it. and followed the amount on the paper statment
Now I relieved, but I still don't understand why the department would make such unnecessary procedures to make people nervous.
I don't know many words.
mechanical: I respect someone who has mechanical knowledge because I hardly have any.
It settles down my mind.
I am relieved.
A gas explosion happened during the culture festival in Toyonan high school in Tokyo two days ago.
So it burst and a gas explosion happened.
First, I must work hard to earn more money than last month.
We can make original plates by kneading clay.
-doing away with oversized trash
I rode some attractions such as the Spiderman, the Back to the future, the Jaws.
I am going to sleep on the sofa, don't need cook, go on the internet until late, buy a big cake, talk on the phone for a long time,,,,.
In the group, I'm an English teacher.
I invited my English group members.
But, my plan didn't really work out, due to an unavoidable reason.
Furthermore, I don't think my English is good enough for a working environment.
And then, I suddenly found I forgot to attach an important E-mail sent to my boss yesterday (I mean the E-mail doesn't have the attachment which should be attached.).
I have never been a girl who likes to smile very much.
(There're two types of Zorb, one is that you can grab the handles inside the compartment or you're fixed with your arms and feet and there's no water, and the other, ``hydro zorb``, is that there's three or four buckets of water in the compartment.
My second adventure was bungee jumping.
But they allowed me to stop at the bungee spot and watched me jump.
This is the bungee jump in the same place I visited:(This man is not me, either)
However, I like, potato dishes, spicy dishes and steak.
I am suffering from lower back pain lately.
I went to see a doctor and have a body massage almost every day but it was not getting better.
so he has to realign my backbone in the rigtht direction.
Right now, It's 23: 10 o 'clock in TOKYO JAPAN
right?
I can made friends who are in California USA and from the UK
I've just registered for an account and wanted to leave something for my first log in.
Today, my writing teacher told me some reeeaaaaally funny jokes, eh...
Cantonese: Movies& Language
These Cantonese movies we see on cable TV in Taiwan are already dubbed into Mandarin.
Luckily, I got to know an interesting video from youtube which is sent by my friend today.
This video has the romanization to help the novice to pronounce the phrase or word.
His pronunciation is also very clear, so that novice can get it quickly and repeat it again and again.
Yesterday, I spilled coffee on the desk and floor.
I rarely spill things, no matter how busy I am.
Today I am going to write a note about my background. [1]
Now, y stomach is full because I ate too much.
I had a kiwi for breakfast while writing in my diary.
I ate Indonesian food!
And the main character works picking it up there.
And these countries are advanced nations.
As a result, the rich and poor divide extends considerably.
And I think maybe the presence of very rich people caused the presence of very cheap people.
I have been studying English for a long time, but I often still make grammatical mistakes.
This is my first time to wriewrite diary in this citesite.
They defeated Qatar, Korea and Australia, so I think it is very worthily victory.
The smell of pizza was really great and of_ course the taste was splendid too.
Is ``puzzle`` just equal to ``confuse?``
I'd like to kinda, I think abuse is the appropriate word, this entry for getting and sharing tips about learning Japanese.
Today, I went to see a movie with my friends.
The movie that I watched was ``Crows Zero II``, which describes the fight between Japanese boy's high school gangs.
I can `t understand why languages like Chinese and Japanese are so popular.
There are so many hieroglyphics, I can `t understand how people can learn it!!!!! ^ ^ ^
Maybe because China and Japan are highly-developed countries???
Have a good Thanksgiving!!
When I was a freshman at college, my English teacher couldn't speak Korean well.
Ansan is one of the most polluted cities in Korea.
There are so many foreign workers who work for one of the many coporations which are in the complex.
Now I think that it is really a shame that when I was a boy, I hated these foreign people and the polluted air.
If I were a reader of my compositions, would I like to read them?
As long as I am writing this, I suppose that I have to ignore the bias from other people.
And I don't want to be considered that person who wrote those kind of subjects because I'm suffering from it.
Thus, I succeeded in getting out my office to go to the movie theater.
Today, I'm going to write about yesterday.
We bought many clothes. We were very lucky!
He builds bubble-nests and feeds his children until they can swim by themselves.
hontou ni shinpai shicau yo = I really worry
naze kokoro wa tooku hanareteiru?
what's the different of koibito and aijin?
I always eat food carefully with my gratitude.
I have heard that a reusable grocery bag from TRADER JOE 'S is very popular in Japan.
I feel like it strongly, especially when I feel insecure. For example, the times when I walk alone at night.
As soon as I realized that I was being chased, I was grabbed by the neck. I passed out after being choked sometime.
When I regained my consciousness, he was finally releasing my neck. (I fainted for a very short time.) Since he took off his hands, I could use my voice and so I said 'I am pregnant.', wishing that he would lose his sexual desire. (of course I wasn't pregnant.) Anyway, he ran away afterwards and I could go back home safely.
senkaku islands collision event
Yesterday, the video of the collision event (occurring) near senkaku islands (was) leaked on youtube.
So a border collie named 'Sky' began to zigzag over a field.
He followed Sky's every move, so his watchful eye missed nothing.
When Sky finished the course, she began to bark joyfully.
she's golden-retriever, very pretty, cute, clever
To be continued tomorrow.
Among them are Korean-style drums and inflatable tubes that bang together to make sounds.
Especially, the national soccer cheering group so-call ``red devils`` are famous for their passionate and impressive cheering features.
This team is my teacher's team, and their dance style is POPPIN '.
She is a woman, but I think she is the best dancer!!
Their dance style is HIP-HOP.
I slept in late this morning.
We played board games together, ``Jenga`` and ``Zinsei game``.
im studying English and spanish
I focus on my work on weekdays.
On the other hand, I want to soak my body and soul in something different to release stress caused by work.
I have a muscular pain because I did sit-ups and push-ups in the gym yesterday.
a questionnaire to fill out.
Everyday when I leave the school
On my way home, I felt hungry
I can't feel the festive atmosphere around me.
They are both coughing and sneezing.
Now I'm considering applying for a Fashion Designing Course at Central Saint Martins in London.
I am a beginner fashion designer.
After looking through my proposal, my tutor said 'your writing is little bit cranky, so you need to improve your academic English,'
I checked the meaning of cranky by the dictionary
I will start studying English very hard from now on.
I just started writing this diary.
Some time ago, my country had ``elections``, I have put this word in quotes because I'm not absolutely sure about results.
Some of my friends believe that the real rating for Lukashenoko was nearer 30%, and that the election was completely falsified.
On the other hand, my parents and other family members, (my uncle and his wife), strongly believe that Lukashenko is our only hope.
I know that Lukashenko falsified our elections, but I'm completely sure that his real rating was nearer to 50-60%, according to my own investigations.
This morning when I woke up, I was so surprised when I found out that my clock didn't work anymore. I was late t to school which was was so embarrassing.
It was raining cats and dogs and the wind was so strong too.
I went to play bastkeball with my friends yesterday eneningevening.
I received a China Airline ground attendent first interview letter!
they tried and tried, and never gave up.
so I need to use mass transpotation or the attendant shuttle to get to the airport.
But I enjoy a feeling of relaxation and also there are many field for vegetable and rice paddy in neighborhood.
The highest temperature is 23 degrees.
New students and their parents took pictures in front of the cherry trees.
I am a University student.
By the way, I have been interested in Spanish since before I entered high school.
It's nice, because it was made so that we can learn Spanish for 30 days!
But I don't believe it, because I cannot speak English very well even though I have studied it for long timeX (
Then she answered that yes, I am a sleeper woman.
She is coming next Summer to learn/ study Japanese.
For example, Micheal Jackson appeared in my dream last week and my house was broken into by a kind of stalker 2 days ago.
I still remember that it was really funny, but that's all I can remember.
The book so much influenced me so much that I have decided that I want to change my life too.
We shouldn't label it right or wrong, but explore it in depth.
I want to improve my English writing and grammar.
There was a terrible typhoon.
But even it is difficult for most Japanese to take more 7 days holiday.
My neck, shoulder and back hurt then and I've gone to the hospital four times a week since then.
I want you to pick up this tweet.
Because they left the station while in these days...
I can't understand how these two sentences are different.
I joined the workshop of Hippo activities.
We all read the conference's contents of Miss Suzanne about multilingual acquisition.
This is the first time I know there is such a interestig website, and I am a chinese student.
And they're my favorite.
I saw ``Billy Elliot`` last Thursday!
Sometimes I couldn't understand the pronunciation.
Hello everyone, I'm a new member of the lang-8 community. I find this site interesting because not only can I learn English, but I can also learn Korean or Japanese.
I'm a student of Nanjing University China, my English is not good although I have been studying for 3 years.
I'm working at a cafe which is named ``Saru-cafe`` (meaning ``monkey-cafe``).
But we have to work very hard because this shop was just opened 1 month ago, so we cannot give this shop a bad image. You know what I mean?
My breakfast was bread and a cup of coffee.
Set the glowing stick in an incense burner, flower pot, or other nonflammable, heat-resistant container.
Beginning to write blogs!!
I'm really happy but I'm still...
This morning, my teacher told us about her daughter, it made me cry.
It is a very exciting, thrilling, and heartfelt movie!
My name is Junichi.
My best friend let me know about it through his way to communicate with people.
I had been with people who make others feel exhausted with those sarcastic remarks until I met him.
I don't mean only through relationships between a man and a woman.
Being sincere anytime is the most important thing for me now.
Recently.
I heard the second typhoon is hitting today.
I wonder if we might/ will have many typhoons this summer.
Study listening, speaking, and writing for 30minutes every day using the English-learning magazine ``Studio Classroom`` to improve my English
This custom seems to originate from the custom during the Heian period (about 1200 years ago), where the nobility in the imperial court changed their clothes on this day.
However, if I pass the exam, there is a big problem there: finding employment. Ordinarily, employments for new graduates are held in a period that I am in a foreign country.
I had a fever at midnight last Wednesday.
Now I'm trying to dictate what you said though, sometimes I notice that I do not understand.
I should have concentrated more in our class;-(
I was congratulated on passing the KAIST graduate school.
I'm guessing his asymmetrical hair style will come into fashion soon!
the visiting lasted only five days, but it was still meaningful to me.
Tomorrow my vacation begins.
Korea (actually not just S.
I don't like that Koreans get their political education about Dokdo from their childhood brainwashing.
A Weird Trip
I really didn't enjoy this trip, it was weird.
I stepped on the brake and stopped.
He works in Taiyou no ra-men (=) (noodle).
He is very powerful (?) man.
Cigarettes are very easy to be addicted to and difficult to stop.
I often bought real milk when I lived in Japan.
The May Day vacation is from tomorrow to May 4th.
I've prepared the travel for us such as searching for good restaurants, buying tickets for the aquarium (which is the largest aquarium in Australia and is near my flat!) and so on.
Resisting immediate instinct can help improve my future.
I like Argentina very much because they have a lot of stars and they can show us spectacular techniques and I cheered them on in World Cup 2010.
However, I am Japanese so I definitely cheered on the Japanese team.
No. 2, some cruel commanders or politicians appear in each work, and they definitely order heroes or heroines to do cruel and almost impossible missions.
When I was little, I watched the Gundam series as well, but even women and young boys easily die in each work, so I still remember, I finally stopped watching halfway because of depression lol.
If I become able to speak English, I want to watch movies in English. I want to make friends speaking English. I want to go to a foreign country and I want to know their culture and eat traditional foods of that country.
From then on, I often listened to American hip hop.
The university in Tokyo/ Tokyo University is one of the most famous colleges, and most of my friends are very good at English.
So please let me know if there is any incorrect grammar or simplistic descriptions.
One night in the hotel during a business trip
I spent one night in a hotel in Fukushima for a business trip which was far away from Kyoto.
I carefully chose a hotel at this time in order to have a good weekend.
Absolutely not!
I spent to a lot of time studying grammar, but I forgot so many things.
I am 18 years old.
I always go to University by train.
As you know, Easter is a Christian and Jewish holiday.
We celebrate the death and resurrection of Christ, while Jews celebrate the Hebrew exodus from Egypt.
In order to save money I decided to asked to my parents to receive some books I wanted to read for so long (I'm also a little chubby, thats why I would rather read a book than eat chocolate...):D Yesterday I bought them.
I live in the USA and I love the English language.
Who can help me!!
Also, I want to make many friends from foreign countries.
I have to perform a presentation about us diplomacy and write a paper about the same theme.
A fall of seasonal snow gives promise of a fruitful year.
I am determined to try to write shorter passages from now on.
The result of my medical check up, is that my stomach had no problems.
Wish is most commonly used in hypothetical situations.
So, you should keep a balance between work and recreation.
At work, every day you can spend at least 15 minutes keeping a detailed diary of what tasks you do and how long you spend on them.
It is widely known that there are parents who are addicted to gambling and neglect their children.
I hope the Japanese government draws up more stringent laws against gambling.
I'm a beginner.
Because I'm afraid
I'll open a package of Karigane Kuki Cha,
I looked around several shops, but I wasn't looking for anything in particular.
Their talk is so funny.
It is a very convenient cooking tool.
The course cost was only 500 hundred yen.
some interesting things.
Learning English alone is already hard for me.
It is my favourite item of clothing! So I'm very sad....
Two small rice balls, an omelette, two steamed meat dumplings, boiled broccoli and tomatoes.
I answered my boss I'm your ``right elbow`` or rather ``right arm``.
Now I am happy to be with my family, and close friends
These sleds were my birthday present from my parents.
Today, the weather is rainy..
I can't understand how the weather turned so quickly.
I think that the diary mabe have much mistakes.
so I decided to practice a lot of English in a variety of ways.
Today I learnt something very disappointing in the news.
Currently, I'm a senior in my university, and my major is Contemporary Culture (like Cultural Anthropology).
My english is like a child's, so I will just describe my day a little.
The promoters are not associated with the government or any national organization. They are just private space enthusiasts.
(suggestion) Recently, I've been training for a full marathon of 42 km.
because all of the whole sentences are (in the) past tense.
Do you know ``INUYASHA``, a Japanese anime?
A long time ago, there was a half daemon, half person, named ``Inuyasha``, and a priestess; who loved each other.
But they were trapped by a strong daemon and the priestess was forced to seal up Inuyasha.
They started a journey together to defeat the strong daemon who made the priestess seal Inuyasha.
Maybe it will help me to make a lot friends and to improve my English writing.
I live in Hokkaido, Japan. It's a northern island of Japan.
I'm interested in traveling abroad.
I've had great experiences in these countries.
Though my English isn't good, I think I would like to make friends!
From then, I bought almost all of her released albums.
I really enjoyed her performance???.
Today, I attended my English class performed by our sunny foreign teacher.
There are a lot of podcasting programs you can download free of charge.
I appreciate you visiting our website!!
I can introduce traditional culture.
Last time, I mentioned about my undergraduate days.
Actually the women's college which I graduated from was in Kyoto.
It is a pretty historical and mysterious place.
I heard that Kyoto's central city has been protected by a magic square.
But actually this magic square is used to hold monsters in.
someone beetles nails at Kifune-shrine.
never go and see the people pounding the nails nails at Kifune-shrine.
I was really jealous when I stayed at my friend's house and saw his family.
I feel like I wanna be one of them instead of going back to my country, Japan.
There is nothing I want to own aside from a true family, unlike mine.
My parents sent me a pearl necklace and earrings.
Welcome to Lijiang!
I lived Canada in april.
Other information says that children who have imaginary friends may have advantages in terms of language ability and other intellectual functions (abilities).
There are many restaurants called Carinderia in Philippines.
I LOVE CARINDERIA.
They were about her name, age, what her favourite animal is, and so on.
I suppose that this is a difficult problem.
I found out there's a twitter account for Toastmasters International, for the members of Toastmasters.
In this sentence. ``I'm sitting behind my work desk and enjoyingthe beautiful weather outside.`` I think, that I can't say ``enjoying``, because its present continuous.
Maybe I haven't had enough patience.
Broadcasting companies are providing their TV programs through the Internet.
It will be an important year for me at the meaning of exchanging my life.
Someone help me!
I was impressed with the fellow phrase written about Google co.
I can't understand any of the news broadcasted on CNN.
If I didn't hear about this method, I wouldn't have
But my writing and speaking skills are under-developed.
I hope Lang-8 helps me get some chances to improve at writing.
First, I'm going to vote and then enjoy strolling along the banks of Sumida river.
It will be lovely Sunday.
Christmas vacation period
When last I heard their soothing chime.
Within the tomb now darkly dwells,
That tuneful peal will still ring on;
wow! ``Death note`` is so wonderful!
And it will be two posts: english and Japanese (because I should learn both of them).
But in September, I will go on a trip to Hakone with my girlfriend, Fujiko.
With it, I can talk to my colleagues and clients and send e-mail.
I learned about this website from a friend. I decided that it's a great opportunity to test my English skills, while at the same time helping others who need to improve their Chinese.
But it's too difficult!
If you click the address above, you can see a pregnant woman posing for a nude photo.
If your wife were pregnant, would you like her to pose for a nude photo?
If you were pregnant, would you like to pose for a nude photo?
I feel it is embarrassing for me but if my wife really wants to do that, I will not oppose her.
In April, I have to work like a dog because of the settlement of accounting for the fiscal year of 2010.
But people will remember me deeply.
I rethink my current problem.
Another friend said that she was too lazy to do her homework and mentioned that she can wait to do it tomorrow because she can turn it in on friday
he he.
The last friend I was talking to is from Japan. She is really nice, too. She is polite and when I chat with her I feel warm inside.
However, it's a good thing for Japanese travellers and a bad thing for foreigners who travel to Japan.
Cheerily!!!
After reading this article---What Life Means to Me, I learned more this great American writer and I really admire his bravery, perseverance and diligence.
Although he finally found out the upper-class is not as good as he imagined before and then he decided to go back to his spiritual paradise; however, he still achieved it.
He is another good example of '' once you believe it, you will achieve it. '' He taught me people should pursue the truth and what they want deep in their hearts.
After several times of failures, he began a frantic pursuit of knowledge to become a brain? merchant and then he finally made it. Bran merchant?
He read a lot and wrote a lot; he really was a diligent writer.
I have no exact answer now, but I will try my best to be brave, to be persistent, to be diligent and to live my life.
I was the youngest then all of us, but I couldn't play well.
First writtingWriting
She will go abroad to continue her studies.
But I was very satisfied with
the bloom and after about an hour I returned to my house.
I wonder if I've got some illness.
Recently I really want to have macalon. (macalon?)
Both street are lined with department stores, high-class boutiques, galleries, theatres, and many other trendsetting shops.
C: Is there a life lesson there somehow?
I lost her strength and cheerfulness a long time ago.
And I was somewhat ashamed that I never cared much for anime, because I thought anime was something that only children and geeks watch.
But from now on, I need only 20 minutes by bicycle (to my knowledge bicycle won't be crowded).
Hobbies and Interests
But nowadays there are many ways to thank mom.
I had to do a lot of laundries, to make 3 bid meals, to clean up in wide rooms.
I failed the interview...
Two men were waiting for me, and the messenger was there (too).
I forgot to write a diary yesterday.
So, I am going to write a diary about a thing that I did yesterday.
The less I had was for forty five minutes.
I have a question about an English expression I heard yesterday, which has nothing to do with YOGA,
I would like a naitive English speaker to answer this.
My question is: what is the difference between ``I know her.`` and ``I know of her.``
Anyway, I think I will have to stop thinking about it and concentrate in order to get at least 580 points.
This will be the 1st time I take this exam, but hopefully, I will pass it =) Fingers crossed!
I could try activities that are impossible in usual days.
Playing golf in an uncrowded course.
I had a lot of time to think about myself and my life, family and job.
One week has passed since the great earthquake.
I learned this word, Itchy and Scratchy, from The Simpsons!
But because of I wanna create something new,
2 years ago, I watched the ``Club World Cup`` finals at Yokohama.
Writing a diary with English is not easy for me,
But I'll try it enjoyably.
I have thought about systems engineering, But the thought of staring at a screen and staying behind a desk is unbearable for me.
I think it was anaemia or an epilepsy attack.
There are two guys who came to the company 3 weeks earlier than me, and we are a team that came to China together.
As if by magic, even though I was gloomy and depressed, I became happy after changing my hair.
The air is dry in Japanese winter, and even worse, Japanese people use a sticky nylon towel when washing their bodies.
Do you like coffee shops?
Today I went there with my friend.
We don't have many tall buildings and it's not always crowded.
I'm in my last year of college.
What should I do?
I like ``pasta Arrabbiata`` and ``pasta Carbonara``.
If she writes 1 script, she gets paid 50 million won.
I don't think there is no value in enjoying friends.
Could you tell me the best place to visit in LA?
These days I have plenty of work.
When I was an elementary school student, I was subjected to bullying at school.
One day I listened to this song on a radio program.
I think, a year ago, had felt like quitting.
I was sleeping until just now though...
I played Frisbee, ball and hide-and-go-seek with Rin in the backyard.
When I called my mother, I pushed my patience to the limit, but I broke down& cried at last...
My mother just listened to me kvetch& and encouraged me.
Actually, I met her last month in Vancouver.
Fortunately, my family and friends encourage me all the time, so I can get up the courage to find a new job, continuously submitting resume, attending interview.
I went scuba diving in WAKAYAMA.
I got lectured about a license for scuba diving including how to use a camera under the sea, how to explore the sunken ship and how to dive deeper.
Russian animation
It's a cloudy Tuesday morning.
The door of the classroom was locked though, maybe because a group of students were presenting.
Public speaking
Tonight, I attended a public speaking club meeting last winter.
I think that Communication is the most important skill for living in society.
Many kinds of people are enrolling in the club.
It is like a business people, college students, foreign residents, retired people, and house wives,,,,,,,
(but I will not be blackberry or Mac pc user.
patience was stronger than the tiger's.
Tokyo tower is a symbol of Tokyo, the light was turned off since the earthquake.
The stricken area is very hard to live in.
There is no Water, no electricity, no gas and no food.
Okay!
Good night and thanks for reading:)
Today I had a enjoyable class.
With abundant experience in clamping down smuggling, he shared some practical techniques like how to recognize a fake LV bag, and distinguish shoddy China mushrooms outwardly.
It destroyed many things, buildings, houses, and so many peoples 'lives.
At that time, I didn't know how awful it was.
and at the same time, I saw japanese people have great, respectable manners even if they are facing a crisis.
Actually, I don't know how the Japanese have grown our great manners, but there is one thing I'm sure of.
I will go to a dermatological doctor near my home.
Boogie pop unknown
This the latest in this series.
I have a lot of problems to solve at work which happened one after another.
I am very glad to be here for two reasons: I can find many friends here, and I can improve my English writing ability.
They were photos of their graduation ceremony.
Thank you for reading my composition.
When she first saw the present, she slapped and kicked me many times in front of our common friends.
Also I didn't know why stress, intonation and rhythm are so important.
I just purchased one book and went home.
I will cherish relationships with students no matter what.
I think that If I can speak in other languages I can find a good job more easily than if I only know how to speak Spanish.
First day I met new people in the student's residence, a lot of people came from other nations such as Brazil, Korea, Turkey, Germany, France...
After a long contemplating, I have decided to do a short business course at an institute in town, starting on Monday.
university cooperatives in the south asian region.
Nice to meet you, everybody!
English conversations.
First, I really would love to go to the Salvador Dali museum because I'm a big fan of his.
But the attempt by the government to prevent terrorism before it happens may possibly infringe our freedom of thought.
Futhermore, if we allow the government to monitor our private life, we may not be able to trust our government under the strong surveilance.
At New Year's Eve many of japanese prepare for a good New year.
By the day we prepare a new year's dish, clean the general house and write new year's postcards.
I'm studying english and german.
I wanna go study abroad.
This month, Haruki Murakami, one of the most famous Japanese contemporary novelist, published his new work ``1Q84`` and, as I anticipated, the book caused a huge sensation.
I believe so.
At first, we watched the DIU program.
The people to be happy are you and I!
I think, photo can say more than sentence and can tel something which it can't explain with words.
I wish everyone a merry christmas.
I'm wondering how to feed it; if it could be hactched; can someone tell me how to keep a gecko?
In severe cases, hypotension, dyspnea, loss of consciousness, cyanosis could be observed.
The time just flies.
I am from Taiwan. Has anyone heard of this country?
I am glad that I found this interesting website.
There is a custom to eat sushi rolls on that day.
There are many things to see such as mysterious stones, ancient tombs, very old temples, and very old shrines.
The first picture is the ancient tomb of Umako Sogano who was the strongest minister in Japan at that time.
The second one is a mysterious stone.
So they work a little and, after work, some of them study for pursuing their future career, and others just enjoy their hobby.
At the end of April, I came to Hawaii to transfer to a university in September.
So, I hope my writing gets better through Lang-8 and I make a lot of friends around the world.
I'm a Japanese girl and a student.
4 paprika
The taste was OK and I think it is healthy and good for diet, because of not using oil.
Last week I bought/ purchased a personal computer.
I saved money for almost a year in order to buy a new personal computer.
It was my first experience.
According to statistics, if this experiment goes on, the most beautiful woman in Italy would occur after twelve times.
So I went to the supermarket this morning.
That's why I'm studying Arabic.
I hope I am going to get better soon.
The teacher showed many pictuers of the park near the school, such as ``adumaya (ramada)`` and ``hujidana (a wisteria trellis)`` and asked how they are used.
For example, there is a large park near his house.
The teacer asked ``Why is there a trashcan (or, garbage bin) in the park?``
``To put my gabage in it,`` someone answered and everyone nodded.
Of course, I couldn't answer the question either.
``You put garbage in the trashcan, in order to prevent blind people from stumbling and falling.``
The class was valuable not only to students, but parents like myself.
I heard that there is a very big burger in Lotteria. It is a famous fast food chain in Japan or Korea.
But I'm little nervours because of my communication skill in English.
My friend who runs his own design company asked me to make project management of the fashion brand project.
Nowadays it is said that global warming is already happened.
Recently I met various scientist to asked about it.
Many scientists lie to get research's money or
I am thinking what should I do to save our children
Why does it sound unsophisticated if I put everything I want to say into words in Japanese?
I thought. What should I write at Lang-8?
First step in the learning English
First step in the learning English and I hope this internet service can help me in this interesting subject
This will be my first trip after I got my job, and every month I'm putting a lot of money in the bank.
I want to say ``thank you`` to my lang-8 friends. Thanks for your help!!!
One day, he found a mouse in his apartment.
I decided this year will be different, so I'll try to take the TOEIC test.
The training lasted from Tuesday to Thursday.
How beautiful the sky was!
It's awful.
Another thing is that my friend and I were in the middle and high school classmates, but we haven't been together for 6 years, before I came back to Qingdao.
I've watched 'Samanta Who'.
her house 'I hope someday I can watch all english programs on TV without subtitles and rewinding.
The bad quality is cheaper but I think it's not always the right choice.
She made two different types of salad and then cooked some very tasty spaghetti.
I got to know her through my teacher, who teaches tea ceremony.
Fortunately, I have several friends in their 60s.
When I went through a path to the Teaching Building and I saw a beautiful scenery.
Anyway our school have this scenery everyday during the winter.
Even though I can read and listen to English, it is difficult to write in English.
Listening to English is easier than speaking it.
I went for a lunch with my colleague at Chinese restaurant near of my office.
It is my first diary.
it's not acceptable, so I told myself to score 730 or more on the next TOEIC test in the end of December.
Although I only have about 4 months which I can use to increase my score, I think it's a good chance to improve my English effectively.
It is a prevailing sport which spreads in every corner in China to the point that we call it a national ball game!
I can get a sense of achievement in this process.
That includes shaping their nail, removing cuticles, manicuring, repairing nails, and nail art.
At about 9: 30am, my homestay mate and I went to my classmate's flat because we there was a christmas party. There were about 14 people from the same school but from different countries so we spoke in English. I think the party was good for us.
At today's party we prepared a lot of food. Sakiko taught me how to make muffins and she also made a pizza. Other people brought wine and juice. We chatted a lot. Today was a very good day.
Today, I taught how to apply makeup to a younger member of my club.
Furthermore,_ I was praised for my posture at a career fair.
Since I went to senior high school, I have been crazy playing basketball and paid much attention to the NBA stars, such as Michael Jordan, Kobe and so on.
I heard from my friends who said ``Granville Island was fun!``
So I went to Granville Island today.
Thank you very much for& nbsp; correcting my sentences, I really appreciate everyone's help.
I think we still feel the cold on the surface of our face..
When most japanese people speak to someone who is older or they have met for the first time, they usually use the honorific.
As you know, there is no way to know the answer and nobody can tell the truth.
But as far as I can see, most Japanese people are scared of hackers.
First Diary
See you next diary!!!!
I need to solve a lot of mathematical questions and find time to study to the others subjects.
The farmers could get no clear explanation about their animals and it's very unfortunate.
This is my second time writing a dairy in English, which is very scary and annoying to make mistakes. I want to improve my English.
Recently, more children like to eat fast food because they find it delicious.
Although, fast food is very tasty, we cannot often eat it because it is unhealthy for the body and causes conditions such as: obesity and high blood pressure.
I went to Gotenba Outlet mall with my friend yesterday.
You need to do a lot of training with skis on powder snow if you want to reach the same level as you can with a snowboard.
The Fukushima nuclear power plant had supplied the city of Tokyo with electricity.
To learn about her character, I tried to see a interview on YouTube about her but I could not understand it.
The next day, I felt sick and knew I had a fever.
Don't go to a hospital or clinic directly.
Second, If you are diagnosed as infected, stay home for 10 days at least.
``Doc, I know I'm OK, but I have to see a doctor under company regulation.
They're a waste of test kits and Tamiflu.
Would you prefer that I send them by e-mail or conventional mail?
This is first time I've had to write in my journal since my son's two week spring holiday began on March 20.
If possible, I want to study abroad so I hope you guys will help me have good writing skills.
I had saw the foreigner who imitate DRAGONBALLs character Gokuu.
I was glad about the foreigner who was completely absorbed in Japanese culture!
I was tired.
Also drinking and eating under the cherry blossoms.
I think most of the people went away to enjoy a vacation.
So, I am relaxing now.
It was slightly rude of him, wasn't him?
Hope everyone can give me some suggestions to improve my English.
I just pretend to be happy, cheerful, and positive becuase I don't want to reveal my real personality to them and make the mood unhappy.
Anyways, many friends misunderstand me because of what I show to them. So, I just want to say to them that the things outwardly shown to you are not everything.
Don't be obsessed with a bad side.
I'm depressed with only one bad thing happened to me.
I'll be moving on October 24th.
I'd like not to watch some TV programs but...
In the afternoon, I went to class and my teacher was so angry at my classmates for being so naughty.
I told my teacher that her face was so perfect, especially her smile.
First of all, the developed city in Malaysia is metropolitan Kuala Lumpur.
You can find a lot of churches, temples, mosques and Indian temples.
Malacca is a historical place which was colonised by the Portuguese.
It is a very cool and humid place where the temperature can be as low as 17 degrees Celsius.
And the theme park is fascinating with its roller coaster.
the standardization of wages.
However, it is very difficult for me, because January is
Due to the fact that their faddiness, I was kinda worried about us going to that resturant because what they carry is very Japanese like I mentioned at the beginning!
So, I want to ask you how I should deal with it.
Recently, they have appeared in dramas, movies and on the radio.
They fought for it, and a very skilled bird caught one piece in air.
I know he's only liked in France and Poland but seriously, he was a great man.
A good friend for me is someone who realizes my hard or happy mind.
They serve very super strong coffee.
And thanks to the caffeine, I couldn't fall asleep till 2 a. m.
I want to buy a flute or a piccolo.
That is for the French horn (with the piano).
Last year, I arranged this song and played it with my fellow friends at a& nbsp; concert.
I've chosen a healthy lifestyle, which consists of early and fully sleep, and yoga and slow running.
She nodded and said, ``I want some pineapple.``
There are people at the conference who have good ideas for society in their mind and they can explain these ideas to everyone in English.
I guess they would need to good mind be smart, good at public speaking, knowledgeable, and have some experience in the field for their presentation to be good.
Hi Justin, I'm your biggest fan Kate Min.
I'll going to watch the movie in April, and if you come to our country I really am going to your concert.
We grilled pork ribs and shellfish.
I didn't say a word.
My friends called me, but I was getting ready for an examine.
About one year ago, I entered the university.
I don't like the ``TSUYU`` because we don't enjoy playing outdoors.
Besides, to my surprise, my friend also had her hair cut (looks like me!!) yesterday:)
I have learned that what is important for a culture to have various aliases.
Regarding my recent situation, for a long time, about 6 months, it feels like nothing of value has happened to me.
I am a lucky boy with so many good people around me, aren't I?
BDI, the most important figure for maritime economy, has fallen down more than 90%.
Naoto Kan, the Japanese Prime Minister resigned yesterday.
Banri Kaieda candidate for the next Prime Minister election, so some people say that the next Prime Minister will be Mr.
The population research result showed that Mr.
He can speak some Japanese words.
get him interested in Korean language?
There is something haunting (in) my mind.
Some pest control staff came in and began the slaughtering this afternoon.
People say, winter is the season in which people put on weight the fastest.
Do you understand?
What a coincidence that they both break up are not perfect with their former lovers and have the chance to get along with each other. then Finally, they find they are the true pair.
I'm interested in Barry Manilow's music.
There is a special exercise (?) in Taiwan called fishing shrimp.
They can help children improve their language skills.
Maybe because of the differences of our culture....??
It rained during the latter part of golden week.
By the way, are there long holiday like golden week in other countries?
Today, I went cycling to keep healthy.
I am a little bit stressed from my work.
However I am not used to writing a diary.
I work at an insurance company.
Please see Japanese people's power and cheer for Japan.
Lucky!
I suddenly remembered a family living in Australia, that I stayed with for only 1 week, about 8 years ago.
They remembered me.
But we have drifted apart because we have moved and changed jobs...
I think I can look for my lover among the people I meet!
I bought Mac eyeliner at Takashimaya.
Anyway, it was really exciting when Choi Min-sik assembled the puzzles he got step by step.
At this time, I've also become hungry and sleepy.
I am practicing English for one year. I want to speak to people all around world and make many friends!:)
In this fair, lots of EKIBEN from all over Japan are gathered,
so it was difficult to decide which ones to buy.
I will share these with my husband.
As the test aims at business people, the words and content are slightly slanted towards them and the field, she said.
I watched the anime of Detective Conan yesterday.
Playing the guitar
I like playing the guitar.
I have a gut guitar and an electric guitar.
So, I usually play classical music or Japanese POP songs with the electric guitar!
I think that I should play the guitar everyday, but, I only play it two or three times a week.
When I watchYouTube, most people play the guitar with very nice techniques!
After much practice of playing the guitar, I'd like to upload my video someday...
G 'morning.
I was working on my thesis which is about the communication of rock music in china. I kept the music-box on playing classical music.
There might be something I missed in reading this email. Do you think there is anything suspicious?
But I don't usually do farmwork, so I was exhausted.
I never understood the correct application of the word: actual and/ or actually.
Now, I'm a fourth-year student, my English is now clearly better than it was, but I still can't talk fluently, or at least without mistakes.
I could finally come to this site a few minutes ago.
we met in the Phillippines, when we were on vacation.
It's first time for me to go there, and I am looking forward
I want to communicate with them by speaking Korean.
So if you are single and watching this video, dont despair, hopefully you can get a girlfriend too.
G: Are you an extremely distant relative of his or something?
You're here to tell bill he's kicked off the insurance because he's too fat?
Bill: Hey Cassie.
BGF: No, Why is it so hard to believe that I'm Bill's girlfriend?
B: excuse me, Sir
B: see honey I told you greg's a good guy. Isn't he awesome?
G: I dont want to think about your good stuff bill ~ or your bad stuff, really any stuff, that, that involves you.
It's not pronounced like the word ``go``. ``Go`` is pronounced shorter than ``go``.
It got popular in Japan as even Shougun were once very addicted to it.
A long time ago, when I was a student, I studied English for a university examination.
It was unnecessary in my daily life and for work to speak English.
So, I used to go dressed up as a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid about comic, manganime or japanese culture with my friends.
This character is a boy, so I am going to have to do something to hide my breasts!
Everyone sitting around me didn't know it as well, so he was very surprised/ shocked...:D
There are rice fields as far as the eye can see.
I love all the characters, but I especially like ``Gori``.
Help me +)
Her friend, Kumiko, took Mie to an Italian restaurant last Saturday.
Mie felt happy having such a good friend and family (Of course including me).
I dislike rain.
My microwave suddenly broke when I tried to warm a cup of milk this morning.
It's raining today
it's a interesting movie, in the movie have. two lives to choose?
the one, ordinary life, the person goes to school and gets married and go to work.
Winning dancers performed in the TV Show.
``I was upset because you didn't show up yesterday``
This evening I went to the library to study English.
The rain in those prefectures is so heavy that the evacuation order was put out by the government.
And about four hundred thousand Nigata people have been evacuated to a safe area.
If Prime Minister Hatoyama doesn't propose a good solution to U.
They had a good sport spirit that helped them all the way long through this competition.
Congratulations to all Egyptians!
How to solve problems like Maria?
I'm not interested in luxury labels like Chanel (although I'm fond of fashion!
The company will search for your ideal person.
I just checked if you wrote on twitter.
I stopped at a department_ store, and a shopping mall on my way to her house.
Both English class and Chinese class are taught by native teachers.
SHOPKO is one of the biggest shopping centers in Wisconsin, which is where I live right now to study English.
Therefore, I decided to buy juice at Shopko instead of from the old vending machine.
Au pair is famous in Europe, but America doesn't seem like be.
If anybody (doesn't care) canto talk with me, could you help and advise me?
Today, I will talk about my opinion on culture differences.
As I showed you, art festivals are strongly related to local people and contribute to stimulate the regional economy.
Please try to look at the buildings, rooms and spaces around you carefully. You might notice there are actually hidden designs around you.
The buildings and arts you see will refine your sensitivity.
This time, I wrote and uploaded many entries on purpose.
But I'll upload entries and keep my (regular) pace from now on because I'm (now) satisfied with this.
I was bored with this.
In China, we contact other people by using QQ, it is like MSN in foreign countries.
It's more difficult than using lang-8. I don't know many spoken languages, and it is hard to use past tense, but on the other hand, it's more effective to learn English. Aha, maybe I'll use MSN more than QQ, haha. So, if you want to contact me, you can message me and give me your MSN address. Wow, another way to contect to people, that's very exciting.
In traditional culture, cigarettes are seen as a lubricant for personal connection.
Bar and restaurant owners don't want to offend their customers.
today I started a photoshop class. I like photoshop
So I was impatient, because I felt that I had to study English.
I had to drive slow in order to stay inside my lane, because I went over the lines due to poor visibility.
Although I know my new school will have many anxious moments, and things to do, but I think I will study hard.
I've always known that I don't know get along well with my parents because we don't have much time to talk with each other.
Even if you don't know it, you are able to access more detailed infomation easily than what I can explain
I went to science world today, Because I like science and I wanted to watch the LEGO exhibition.
Season 5 has 16 episodes, and one episode is almost 45 minutes long.
Actually the storyline was really mysterious...
I heard the final season is already available on DVD.
I often try talking with foreign people.
He said, ``Oh shit!`` He should be more careful.
I started having English lessons using Skype.
and think in English, write daily in English.
I promised my friends that we would perform (?) in church.
Our band is made of bass guitar, acoustic guitar, violin, piano, drums, electric guitar, jembe, cabasa, etc....
I think that if someone would help me get an English name, I would be very happy. Thanks!!
Some people were running on the beach.
Tomorrow at 9: 30am, I will be studying at my university. We have had an 8 day vacation due to the Songran Festival.
I had wanted to transfer to ICU or emergency department three years ago.
I read the Economist, an English newspaper, everyday.
I understand enough to hate some words that came from French.
Today's menu was marbled beef and beer!
I usually ask new students some questions before a Japanese trial lesson as below.
-Make a Japanese word using Kana characters from the keypad.
I am hungry now....
I am happy if we don't have snow in winter because I don't have to clear thesnow. (It is tough work) But it means the earth is getting warmer and warmer....
Let's think about it together...
I didn't even know what subjects I was interested in.
My recommended drinks are loyal (royal?) milk tea, green tea latte and cocoa.
First of all, It helps people become friendly.
After sitting for a while, They played the trailers of ``New moon`` and ``Avatar`` that will be coming soon in December.
It is composed of 2 sections; one is the Listening test, and the other is the Reading test.
Now I have to decide which course I will go with.
So I want to keep my diary in Chinese.
Starting today, I will go to Kindergarten School to pick up my son..
We have been invited to the wedding of a church member, so we planned to buy a dress for that.
When we entered the Okonomiyaki restaurant, we were shown to the seat in front of the big window. (showed to the??) We could see the Doutonbori river from there.
Today, I went to Kyoto for my appointment with a doctor.
But I believe I can do it.
Generally speaking, a man might well think, if a woman who he proposed to eat out with is hot, that it is better for him to pay all because a hot woman who a lot of men consider to be hot might be used to being treated by other men, especially middle class men who have lots of money.
It is very important to keep trying be a good speaker, like a native speaker of English.
If you talk with poor pronunciation, that would give a lot of stress to your friends who are native speakers of English, because they have to
concentrate to understand your English.
Does everybody take two days off during weekends?
Thus I take two days off irregularly.
On the other hand, it is probably true that a lot of places are not as crowded as they are on weekends.
During my break, a lot of my family members came to see me and I was really happy about it.
Black music was center of my school days and I have respected a lot of musician.
Stevie Wonder, The Root, Roy Hargrove, Earth, Wind and Fire, Cypress Hill, Erykah Badu, Jill Scott, Donny Hatherway, O `Jays, Isley Brother, Big Punisher, Xzibit, and so on..
Actually, nowadays, I have enjoyed Latin music like salsa, tango, son, bossa nova.
His rhythm is like jazz.
Instead, I'll send you a present spiritually.
Hello everybody, my name is Stefania, and I am from Colombia.
I went to Colombia last year in my holidays and now I'm studying academic English to get ready to start fundacion in July.
It sounds approximately like this:
My family and other family members were there and many acquaintances came.
This conversation benefited me.
Kotatsu and Oranges
It is to be a pilot who operates a passenger plane.
My hometown is Okinawa, which is on the most southeast island in Japan.
I had not been aware of this job, but as I look back on my life, that maybe has affected me.
The first one is to be employed without any license.
I'm not surprised that Japanese won the award because Japanese tend to be strong in the animation area:) However, I think it's not easy for foreigners to get the award and I would praise his effort.
Now I understand why this website is so useful.
However, I have a big dream.
It's very expensive..., so I have to save a lot of money.
Then it starts to smoke and catches fire.
When I was in Ireland, I was in TV add for Smirnoff ice in 2002.
I heard from my modeling agency that there was a TV adaudition for Smirnoff Ice and I was successful in the audition.
I had been searching for it for along time, but I could find it.
So, I gave up trying to find it.
I was at my friend's apartment and he was watching funny TV commercials from all over the world.
Then he was trying to search for it and within 10minutes he finally found it.
So I look forward to seeing her again but they were busy to go to concert soon after arrived at my house.
They left for concert before I left for work.
When that happens, my pronunciation sounds very weird.
First reason is I can't come up with next word to say quickly.
But after an exercise consisting of one sentence.
. I was able to understand that sentence just by hearing it.
Also, I don't (do not) mean I understood it because I previously knew the sentence.
I will continue the challenge of speaking because it improves my listening ability.
It was only today that I thought of this to improve my English.
In order to make my class more interesting and professional, I spent a lot of time learning about the football game before the class.
Mom raised me.
Mom passed away in 2001. Our place became quiet and empty.
I will do my best to patiently write a daily diary in English.
I would like you to point out and give me a meseage if I have wrong sentences.
Please contact us!
For example, France-wine, Italy-Fashion, Taipei-computers.
I am so happy that my parents finally agreed to make a cute kitten a
Firstly, they do not know the correct use of mobile phones.
But my mum always says, ``your mother language is not English so don't worry if you make mistakes.``
My English class teacher is a foreigner.
My name is Junho and I'm korean.
and I studied english, listening, reading, and conversation.
This belief was formed and reinforced in childhood every time he thought he was expected to do better.
um,,, the songs are very, very, very similar to each other.
Group singer's songs are very similar to other group singer's songs.
They should just love their singers, and it should end there.
However, they shouldn't go as far as to write letters with blood.
I want to Skype with a friend.
(She opens the door) It's the vet, dear!
He studies Engilsh very hard.
Actually, I had brought my Japanese cellphone over with me which was already connected via a Canadian telecom company with a roaming facility.
Anyway I asked some cellphone stores in Southgate mall to compare terms and conditions for me.
My company has many Japanese people working there.
I work as dentist's assistant.
People chase many rainbows but not all people can achieve the goal of their dream.
Curry pudding
It was ``Last Parade`` written by a/ the former supervisor at Tokyo Disney Land. [BLUE]
Maybe this book is not famous, but the cover is so beautiful.
So I really felt relieved when I heard that their family survived the tsunami, though two co-workers sadly told us that their family had lost their houses.
This area I live in has little risk of being affected by tsunami.
Because a lot of aftershocks are still happening, and also the government announced that we still have to be careful of a big earthquake on 17th March.
Plus, my work place is an old building and has gotten damage by the first earthquake.
I went there 5 minutes early, but the only person there was a tour guide.
There are 6 girls who came from different provinces, it's very interesting.
Sometimes we have a little trouble or misunderstanding, but most of the time we treat each other like sisters.
What an extraordinary feat of human discovery
Because it's a basis for everything in our lives.
I read that people could not travel freely except for religious purposes in ancient times.
A new shopping mall opened near my town.
As soon as we arrived at Nara station, we went to a Kimono shop to rent a one for the day.
Recently, many people have been visiting here.
Their adventures were met by many troubles but they never gave up.
I think I'm very sensitive to other people's reactions, especially facial expressions, and I unconsciously try to read their emotions through them.
I try to smile at them because I usually wear a blank face except with my close friends.
so if English wasn't the global language, I probably wouldn't like it.
Although we didn't go out a lot recently, we went to the beach almost every day when I was in high school.
It was 40000 yen, which was actually better than I thought I would get.
I have an entrance exam the day after tomorrow.
My friend said that Lady Gaga produced a perfume that has a very complex odor.
I have so many things I want.; (
everyone, have you bought anything recently?
He has a glove and some balls, so we decided to buy a baseball bat for his birthday gift this year.
With an endothermic reaction, if the temperature is increasing, the reaction will progress rapidly and the yield also will be increasing.
My name is Aleksey& I'm in charge of my company's website.
The doctor ASCRIBED the man `s death to drinking too much.
Melbourne is a good place in Australia,
I do really like to try the food from different countries.
Especially Thai and Vietnamese food. They taste sour and hot, (and) I love them.
The second thing I really like to doin Melbourne is going to the supermarket,
That's my life in Melbourne:)
I look forward to going to Europe!
First, I saw it in English with no subtitles.
I always dream in former way, but one of my friends does in latter way, I heard before.
hello, everyone, I'm very excited to write my diary here. the most important thing is that I can share my experience with all of you and practice my English writing skills at the same time!
I should examine what has the most value in my mind, business, interesting fields or my girlfriend.
I recently had wanted to get an MBA abroad and searched some information about it.
I'll endeavor to improve my grade point next year, but it'll be difficult.
I heard from my colleague that Korean children studies English speaking and listening well.
Therefore, most young Koreans can speak English well.
My hobby is playing tennis and travelling all over Japan.
The purpose of my travel is to make friends in a foreign country.
Thank you for your corrections& comments everytime.
Thank you for your messages.
We are going to Tokyo.
So we decided about free activities.
The picture is really nice but I can't show you it here because the picture is really big so I can't upload it on Lang-8 and
I have stayed at home with my nephew (?)
They are watching a movie while I am writing my dairy.
My father just came back and I saw he bought some things for us.
He likes to buy the sweets for my nephew and I heard my mum coming to my house, because I heard her motorcycle/ bike.
My family are (really) nice and I feel really happy to be born into my family.
February 5th is the day that her new movie 'Kitchen' will open.
Unfortunately, her acting is not impressive and it is hard to see her improvement when compared with former movies she has been in.
Yeah, we could go, but even if we did, we would not be able to see very a beautiful view...
I set up the instruments for the English language school last night.
As for me, I admire Tsiolkovsky.
Tsiolkovsky believed that mankind would not remain on Earth forever.
We've spent several hours walking and chatting and then went to a restaurant.
Recently, I read the 'Norwegian Wood' wrote by Haruki Murakami.
so I'm writing using only my left hand.
Why was I trying to stop the books from falling down,,,,
I read about 'The Ica Stones' on the Internet.
The farmer brought it from the cave he found it in, and said there were a lot of stones in the cave.
I need someone who lives in Sapporo and originally from USA.
Tell me the right answer plz!
When you believed in that thought, what happened to you?
I want to make friends with people from other countries.
Merry Christmas
so, a greeting of Merry Christmas first!
But tomorrow is the last day of vacation this week.
My aching waste has annoyed me for a few days now.
People write about their life, what they like to do and their philosophies. They also post questions that they have, introduce themselves, share their love stories, their plans for the future, news topics, sentiment about videos, etcetera.
I also give an oseibo to my relatives.
Today was very cold.
I have been waiting for it almost all school year
In September I am going to start learning French.
So in my free time I read a lot about my favourite subjects-History and Geography.
The system of the plants was badly damaged.
I deeply appreciate to their actions.
And, I also appreciate the aid from other countries.
And I thought this old man was thinking the same way.
So the young man said 'I'll crush you!' and he advanced forward with his motorbike.
Fortunately the old man wasn't hurt.
Immediately the young man punched the old man on the head.
Hello, this is my first visit to this site.
I'm studing Japanese to become a Japanese teacher.
So today I visited here.
There are a lot of smart and rich people or handsome and sociable people.
But handsome and smart people are rare!!
Don't laugh!
Now (Because of that), I'm worrying about whether he's looking at this entry.
I also think that my friend gave me a chance to look at me who I am. That's how I felt.
I had (some) special moments there, especially the sunset at deck of Enoshima lighthouse I can't forget. (word order)
Well, thanks for asking. I probably don't know. I mean I think I know, but I am afraid I am the one who doesn't understand me.
I used to think night shift is scary
* Following sentences are quoted from the book*
They have come to japan for various reasons, but, for whatever reason, they have chosen to live in japan.
But she seems to make people happy and gives power.
It showed humanitarianism, love, faith?
So I was really disappointed with Dr.
I was not an exception.
My home and car is covered with snow. The snowscape is beautiful.
When you order food, if you say you don't want onions in your dish the cook will think you are too particular-and we aren't really considerate of vegetarians either.
When I cleaned a keyboard, I found something dirty.
I went out with my colleagues to a curry restaurant.
Question: why the ``note`` is ``noted``, not is ``was noted as``?
On 4 November 1922, Carter found the steps leading to Tutankhamun's tomb,
Question: Why the ``lead`` is ``leading``?
I decided to help someone learn Japanese every time I receive a correction.
Located in the middle of the Kyoto City and near the subway station, makes it really convenient.
That was unbelievable.
Tsukiji is famous for its fish auction and there are many street stalls. We can buy raw fish, smoked fish and salt etc.
Cherry blossom is not only important for theentering ceremony but we use that as the place to drink alcohol.
If you come to Japan, you will see the people who drink alcohol near thecherry blossoms.
I hope to make friends with you.
I appreciate him and wonder what's going on.
Furthermore,_ I see a man behind him is tryng to torture him.
These days, I heard that some universities accept Enken 1st grade and pre-1st grade as proof of language proficiency.
I hope to study at ABC University as it has an excellent faculty.
Also, they have the lowest percent in computer game downloads.
Art students spend the most money to download music and videos, and almost 90% of them have purchased music on the internet, which means arts students seem to be the most familiar with online shopping.
The Mystery of Italy
``Why do Italians worry (so much) about details?``
But I was suprised that there were so many graffiti on the walls, in the trains,
Is it that way in Siciliy only
or everywhere in Italy?
I hope to find out ``Why do Italians worry about details?``
Italians are mysterious/ a mystery for the serious Japanese.
It is now midnight and I'm writing this diary.
Iced trees on the ridgeline were lit by the crystal clear morning sunshine.
Actually we did not know yet what we would like to buy, but I know she likes to cook and read books.
This is my first time logging into this interesting website.
One day, her neighbor came to her house and asked to give him the ducks.
I don't have a car, but I think it is very convenient to use a car.
Big domestic companies still want people who graduated from famous Japanese universities like Tokyo University, Waseda University or Keio University.
In the market, everybody can taste some food, for example fruits or vegetables.
He told me that he was afraid to be dropped from the board and drowned because they played on it.
I study English hard too.
Now I'm working in an university as a researcher.
Well,, many Japanese Teachers use direct method by which teaching Japanese by using Japanese only in Japan.
But, I think not many Japanese teachers has experienced learning a language through direct method.
They said ``If other plants shut down we couldn't provide enough power.``
Today I baby-sat my two-year-old niece because my sister-in-law went to the beauty shop to have her hair cut.
umm....
It was a test where I had a conversation with foreigner.
Today's box lunch is soy-ginger pork.
Hello!
That's why I study hard.
My friends wrote a comment about my diary!!
By the way, what do you think would be the best way to learn slang.
I have a gift of playing music, but I have to learn another profession because of my parent's expectations.
But after this morning, there were a lot of things that happened suddenly.
I think I am an emotional man.
To be honest with you, I am going to visit Canada on Sept 24th.
As you may think, adjusting to another culture requires so many things and time.
Comparing to before, I think my English has improved, especially writing.
After I come back to japan in December, I will resume writing essays here.
This is my homework, I welcome anyone to correct it.
There is only one regular bus service that goes to work.
When she was walking along with a wall in her house, she lost her balance and fell to the floor on her buttocks, which caused the actual compression fracture.
Because of it, she was hospitalized and diagnosed with bilateral iliopsoas muscle abscess.
Children grow up quickly, so now she runs with friends!
First diary entry
I have to do a lot of experiments and research every day so I have no time to do what I want.
Last Sunday, he had work and I went to driving school.
After that, by the time he mailed me it was already 7pm.
I have just received a letter from my friend Jonadab.
Thank you, Jonadab.
Even during my vacation, my colleagues had been working and had sent me a lot of e-mails, my inbox tray was full of unread ones.
Dear friends!
It was a bargain. Many things were so cheap.
I heard that other countries are different.
And now, the deadline of my report is coming soon...
I saw ``AVATAR`` the other day.
I 'm poor at English and German.
In the show, there was a woman who brushed her teeth after eating breakfast.
I forgot to ask you some questions earlier.
I don't have any plan to take a day off so far but I want to make sure just in case.
I have many friends living in shizuoka.
But, I slept in the bed and when I woke up, I did homework for cram school!
We ate lots of chicken ^-^
I like the landscape after rainny days.
I like how it draws a smile on my face and makes me think of many things???
I miss my mother and my father, university is different from high school. I can't come back home often.
I also miss my boyfriend. Next year he will go to America to study. If the time could go backwards. I would study hard so that I could go with him.
For one thing, I hope the holiday comes quickly. But I am also afraid... because it means that he will go away sooner.
More Wanted and Less Gotten [* 1]
Of course, it's not the same with everybody.
After all is said and done, wouldn't we just be primates?
I have a lot of work to do even at weekends.
Yesterday I went to the library and borrowed a book about spoken English.
Someone help me!
But, there is a considerable problem which is privacy.
However, I think it is ok to not be corrected by others
I am a veterinarian.
I live in Osaka, Japan.
I expect to enjoy studying English.
existing outside the mind; based on facts that can be proven
based on your own ideas or opinions rather than facts and therefore sometimes unfair
Ichiro, Japan's most famous baseball player, is often said that he is excellently skillful at analyzing himself very subjectively.
it is a very modern house.
In her letter, she said if I would come to Canada, I could stay with her.
I has never been to Canada, so I am very eager for my next holiday ~ ~ ~ ~
Greek mythology, classic myths, Norse mythology and Journey to the West.
What I mean is, I do have enough time to read a book.
Tonight we'll sleep in the tent and watch the shooting stars hoping that the sky is clear of clouds =).
I am staving, so it's difficult to sleep.
They have done a lot to help poor people, like adopting many children and they have achieved so many things. They have ambitions and clear thinking in their life.
Next, stretching and simple working out.
I met some students who came from America to my school and I talked with them.
We walked through hallways, steps and food court.
I was really scared because I couldn't know where I am heading?
I was worried about my son, because he went to the hospital with his mom to have a medicine of polio.
But, the pie was not delicious.
I'm staying in Dublin with my hostfamily and I have an Italian housemate.
I am writing this to ask you something.
Should I give up some tasks or put them to next day?
yuuta aka paris hilton.
Our task was accomplished smoothly, and I hope that I can participate in the following lab work.
If I knew about this, I would have said the first one instead.
Could you explain about auxiliary verbs?
in a foreign hotel!
I had not driven in Australia before, so I had to be careful.
All present day politicians should watch it.
Seita is hero of this story. His father was a Japanese naval officer, so he was not at home but fighting at sea. (I guess his father had already died in the war but his family didn't know yet.) He lived with his mother and little sister named Setsuko.
He was living in Kobe which was a big city in Japan at that time.
Of course the American army bombed Kobe as well.
When his family tried to escape from the bombing, his mother got injured by the explosions.
Also, his house was completely destroyed by the bombing.
His lifeless body could be seen at the dirty and gloomy Kobe station on the left screen.
Many Japanese people who were in right screen completely forgot these historical facts, and they enjoyed luxury and busy lives in a big city.
I'm really, incredibly, absolutely tired now.
Today I found a difference in the value placed on meals between American and Japanese people.
But, my American colleagues buy sandwiches or a hamburger with a drink and then eat them at their desk or at the cafe space in our office.
So, they prepared sandwiches and drinks for us and we continued with the meeting while eating them.
American probably think the opposite of how I feel feeling.
I think we shouldn't think learning a language is so easy.
Finally my side was opened and I became free..
Since the 11th of March when the East of Japan was hit by a big earthquake and tsunami, three weeks have passed.
She said that you can contribute; money is OK and you can do other things like go to visit to the Tohoku district some day.
Don't neglect your gums, too.
I'm studying English.
I think I can run now, but it's raining outdoors, unfortunately.
I was going to meet with my friend at about 2 o 'clock today but my mother called. I must help her do some things and go somewhere.
I must cancel my appointment with my friend.
These days, some Asian movies are remade by Hollywood.
I think, for American people, the horror of Asian movies is kinda taste (?) and fresh compared to that of America's and its movies have a lot to do with difference of culture.
In short, I got depressed with the lack and difference of story of remakes of Japanese movies.
Please teach me your language.
I heard a can of sardines was heartier than other sardine cookings.
But today I heard that sardines were heartiest when they were canned.
had been sold out at stores until recently.
And could anyone tell me which is more delicious, an oiled sardine or other sardine cookings, if you know?
That was in 2007, in April, and I studied English for 10 months in Grande Prairie which is in the north part of Canada.
I had an incredible time and really loved my experience there.
Ryo Ishikawa won the tournament by 58 strokes
it's a traditional and beautiful town though, near Roppongi.
I am so busy these days, and I feel so tired.
Because we are lacking in the learning situation.
I began learning it recently.
I can only hope that I can get a great improvement.
We had a drink (cocktail) party with our coworkers.
I could relax and communicate with people who I had not talked to before.
As a chinese person, at any rate, we should be happy, because it is being held in our country, our city that we are familiar with.
The ending is not particularly clear and we have to wait the sequel.
I begin writing the diary in English
So, I begin writing the diary in English ^ ^
The belated farewell party is to be held this evening.
Actually, the farewell party is for a co-teacher who moved to another school last April.
I was suprised and very glad that my friends sent me text mail to say happy birthday.
I'm going to study English every evening.
every morning and every night, you will get beautiful skin.
Applied for a passport
I met my old friends in Kyoto
Staying in Kyoto is very comfortable for our family, I don `t have to care about radiation, blackouts and aftershocks.
Do you know Cyril?
He marvellously returned a dead bee embedded in a 5000-year-old amble to life in a jade market and cooked instant noodles with cold water.
We decorated with ghosts, bats, witches and more!
First, we got together, and then we walked around to get some candies.
She is 177 centimeters tall.
I'm 160 centimeters tall.
So I decided to restart writing my diary in English.
And then I went to work after lunch.
16 students have caught the flu in a class where there are 30 sudents.
Unfortunately, I have a lot of chances to touch children and get viruses.
I have to protect myself, so I wash my hands and gargle every time when I go back home.
On this New Year's Day, I'm spending a pleasant time with my parents.
Finally I hope that everyone has a pleasant time in this year too.
Recently I happened to find that itunes has many internet radio station channels in its menu.
Itunes 'list of is good, and almost all of the stations are now in service. So, I can hear many different music genres.
I am 22 years old right now.
I was 21 years old 3 month ago..
First, I must finish my report.
(Futon is bedding.)
I felt like I should take some pictures.
Fortunately, I had a camera in my purse, so I took lots of pictures.
Today in Korea, There was a strong typhoon.
Because of their way of life they constantly need new things, but it stays practically the same: rock, wood and so on.
Nowadays, there is more and more advertising about protecting our planet as a refresher course (of paper and empties of anything...) what?
It's a wonderful city owning beautiful sightseeing spot and brilliant night life.
I'm 31 years old and I have been working at the same hospital for 12 years, Therefore I worry a lot about going abroad.....
The Microbiology department at Tokyo University has just reported that helocobacter Pylori, which is one of the causes of gastric cancer, makes proteins that camouflages human protein structure.
Pylori injects ``CagA`` carcinogenic protein into cells in human body.
CagA camouflages as pragumin, and then it binds host enzymes.
As a result, it induces abnormal cell divsion of host cells.
The typical place is in a shrine.
Leisurely evening
After eating, we went to Dante Coffee, and stayed until 9 o 'clock.
After advancing to the second round, I was sure that Japan would beat Paraguay and go forward to the quarterfinal.
I want my hair to be like Brad Pitt's..... is it impossible?-_-;
He said he wanted to go to ``Yakushima (in Kagoshima)``
My parents 'family are living in Kagoshima.
They are registered by World Heritage.
I bring news about two major satellites named the ``AKATSUKI`` and the ``IKAROS``.
The ``IKAROS`` is from Greek mythology.
Obon (japanese custom)
I believe that Japanese subculture, which includes anime, comics and video games, etc., is a very strong industry in the world market because so many young people enjoy it. [/ BLUE] The market size of Japanese subculture is bigger than that of other industries in Japan.
I think the Japanese government should support the globalization of anime as a strategy for economic growth.
It happened again... There was an earthquake of magnitude 7. 4 on April 7th 11: 33pm JST in Miyagi.
It happened again.
NHK is broadcasting that the nuclear power plant of Fukushima# 1 is alright
but they are using diesel generators there.
I should have separated them in two parts and I should have made it twice...
I add it to tomato sauce or curry sauce as a hidden flavor.
Because I am new, at first I was not able to do very much. I sat in front of the computer and smiled at my colleagues when they passed by me.
Later, I squeezed out the excess moisture and topped them with some cubes of cream cheese.
I think cream cheese really goes well with Japanese pickles such as cucumber and radish leaf.
Lang-8 is very nice system for people learning languages.
The countries where I have traveled to are Italy, Spain, Cambodia, New Zealand and the USA.
I've been studying English and I have to translate the sentence below. However, I can't understand why they use the Present Perfect tense in a last line.
I love the San Francisco Giants, because I think 'Great Defense' is the best thing in baseball.
Last year, the Giants won the World Series, so I'm looking forward to this season ^ ^
Also I'm sleeping (^ ^;)
Let's alsotalk about Holmes, Robert Downey Jr., Jude law, and so on!
Drop-outs and high school, college or university graduates account for about a quarter (23. 8 percent) of jobless youths in the age range of 16-29.
The problem of job placement for unemployed graduates must be solved.
badminton.
In my class, the best badminton player was my friend.
and teacher called me and I was approached by the teacher.
My friend had a baby last month.
When I told her,
``I want to have some foreign friends!``
I only have a few foreign friends on Skype, so I hope to make more of them there.
A typhoon is coming close again.
They are very funny, when I was watching I couldn't stop laughing out loud.
He is my fav actor.
In Japanese martial arts including sumo and kendo, the practitioners can maintain their balance and respond quickly to opponent's attacks by shuffling.
Yes, it looks like a human face!
But I don't know how to start conversation with strangers.
What makes it my favourite thing?
Firstly, There are many interesting games for the PSP platform.
It is now December 26th. It's my great leader, former President Mao Zedong's birthday.
She has decided to take the shells which she foud home.
My wife let them write it.
Yesterday I learned about idioms.
And now I know the meaning of some idioms.
If you like, please teach me idioms.
ex) it's raining cats and dogs!
Today our teacher gave us our own photo album ^-^
Though the price of plane ticket is not so much expensive compared to those of other countries (minimum 45000yen = $ 450 for Narita <-> Moscow), the process of taking visa is complex.
I was singing unhappily, while other members were all singing very happily...
Today I almost stayed all day in the library and read books, which made me happy.
I hope I can visit Korea some day and experience the original culture.
Prepare the presentation.
I always think that I am not intelligent when I prepare presentations.
I wonder if I will ever be a genius, but what I can do now is make an effort.
Cherry blossoms
But it was good to go to a popular spot for Cherry blossom viewing.
Japanese spirit
I guess the Japanese surprised many foreign countries.
How could they achieve the growth?
They had really strong hearts.
Our Choir conductor cooked delicious foods for us.
It is my birthday soon!!
My birthday is this month.
But, I have not started studying Spanish yet.
l felt sorry for these acts. It also tells me an important message, that the society has changed. As society members, we have a duty to prevent these sorts ofacts.
Recently, I have been learning how to pronounce English words.
What do you think would be a good theme to write about?
I had not really noticed that my father was getting old, but I saw a very shocking thing several months ago.
Because summer is coming soon!
I felt an irresistable impulse to eat some cheese cake yesterday, and I couldn't suppress the urge, so I went to a patisserie nearby.
I know, I shouldn't have, but I just had to.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is a family time.
There was a very serious earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
So, when I hear it in Japanese, I feel uncomfortable.
The sight frightened and depressed me.
I had to look for another one and walked a few minutes from the parking lot.
because I tire easily since I got my night duty.
And afterwards they will think about my approach to my boss.
After all, tommorow is another day.
It should always be a pair right?
All Japanese Beef Should Be Inspected
I'll try to review my past entries.
I think that many Japanese people can't speak English.
That's why it was difficult to show us the dolphin's and seal's performances!
Some friends say that I'm witty but not every time, because sometimes I'm a little conceited, not because of my extreme self-confindence, but bacause I like to share my achivements.
Concerning books, I read all kinds, but I'm really critical with books without a good purpose or those lacking creativity.
My younger sister cooked it, but it was not nice (good).
yes it makes me excited when I buy new things
I get used to new appliances very fast
it makes me excited because it feels different
This is Jessie's beautiful but sad song from Toy Story 2.
What do you recommend? What is your favorite music?
What other phrases can you use instead?
I don't think all Singaporeans are lazy.
* Sho-chu is a kind of Japanese traditional sake, alcohol.
One friend advised me that counting sheeps would work, but
Another friend advised me, ``Imagine winning the lottery and imagine
I will learn how to pronounce English by watching the American drama 'Friends'.
I will be able to improve my pronunciation, English skills and learn their culture.
The first writing in a quite while
We cook many kinds of ingredients like seafood, meat and vegetables.
Deal with a hectic schedule
next week I only have one in one subject.
I live in Saint Petersburg.
This city is the northern capital of Russia.
But I don't to go nail salons, I like to do it myself because I can create any patterns I want.
Of course, I have served as a leader before, when I had group a project in college.
There are many books which are related to leadership and my companies want applicants to show their special leadership experiences.
So, what would be a special leadership experience? Although jumping at the chance of becoming a leader is for some people second nature and very easy, other people have difficulty expressing their leadership style.
I could not write a diary entry because I could not use the internet.
Starting today, I will write a diary every day again.
I'm thinking of joining a English club that is held near my university.
I don't know why but the internet was really slow.
The first meeting with someone for langage swap
When I was studying, I could hear my parents laughing from next room.
Leon drinks milk, plants orchids, and irons his own clothes
Please try it.
By the way, I've heard that people who don't live in Japan tend not to like eating octopus.
Octopus is a sacred life, isn't it?
I also found out that my friend who was missing from the area most effected by the tsunami survived!
I was so sleepy when the teacher was speaking.
I am interested in forest landscapes, and went everywhere in Japan to see beautiful forests.
They were all the most beautiful forests that I have ever seen!
my hobbies
I like adventure books and almost all films, my favourite plan is an evening at the cinema. I really like going to concerts and listening to music too.
It's a hard thing to remember so many words and sentences.
Luckily, every Chinese student needs to take English lessons, and this is why I can speak English.
Anyway, I'm glad to see so many friends here.
I was satisfying both my heart and stomach.
At the same time, I of course know, I am not a easy woman to get along well with.
Hi all, I'm Midory from Hokkaido, a northeastern island of Japan.
People are nice, beaches are beautiful, and Okinawa food is awesome!
Com Master which measures my Internet skill.
Many customers are also better informed about procedures and precautions (including confirming that their doctor is an authorized surgeon).
So the short trip helped make me feel refreshed.
Actually, I broke wind when you turned on the air conditioner. ``
But If you read many books in a foreign lanuage, you can memorize a lot of words, even though you feel it is hard to understand it when you read the book.
and Itook a blood sample fromeight people.
because I really appreciate them.
(The correction depends on if it's helpful or not.
and I've often made misspellings in Japanese.
I just wanted to write English naturally.
My main mission is to present the situation in Japan to our US headquarters.
I have no confidence in my English, even though I'm teaching it to children.
Besides that I'm planning to take the pre1 level of EIKEN this winter.
This is a comic magazine that is published once a week.
Nakata had an accident when he was an elementary student and he became illiterate.
First contact
When I was a child, there was a cartoon movie named Ikyu-san.
However, I study English almost every day, and that might even be considereda preparation for. the test.
Last year, I had a special memory in Au.
Some of my friends prepared the dinner together, and then we celebrated that special day and played games.
Nowadays, I've come back to Taiwan and have already got the job.
Some of my colleagues are almost 50 years old so it's difficult to have the same interest.
On the way to home, I was caught the rain
My daughter was worried about her unborn baby.
I was surprised and relieved to hear the news.
I often see it. so I asked my month (mother) where the cat had gone? My mother answered that the small cat was dead.
My mother pointed to my son and said, your son killed the cat.
At first, I don't think I should have any concern, when he/ she ask for assistance, but it's becoming more and more frequent...
I wonder what I should write some articles for my daily entries.
After the test, I was depressed. Not because of the results of the test, but because I was disappointed in myself.
Expensive Jasmine Tealeaf
In particular, I like jasmine tea.
It's different from normal jasmine tea.
It's more expensive than any other jasmine tealeaf.
We didn't talk much.
For much of the time we sat in silence.
You know Japan is a small island so many Japanese people don't ever need to speak English and they rarely meet Americans. This is especially true in rural Japan.
The world has changed the culture surrounding language aquisition, and of course in Japan too.
It is also my favorite animation.
Today, I introduce my favorite movie.
I couldn't review my former lesson, but I could take the lesson well.
So I am booking lessons with them now, but I'd like to book a new teacher who works within an online English school.
It `s unbelievable!
I want to say to all of you-if you want to achieve something in your life you must study a foreign language.
in addition, I seldom exercise.
I decided to start exercising regularly.
I almost didn't see the movie because there was no one able to make the time to see it (with me).
-Woh kaunsi chhuri hai?
I just had a cup of tea!
It was very nice Moroccan tea.
so I'm looking forward to spending my 17th birthday in foreign country.
But it isn't related to being a vegetarian or not.
one of the private schools here in Thailand.
It's my heart's desire to know English.
Yesterday night, I drunk with my colleague who retired from our company last October.
For example, how to work efficiently, how to communicate effectively with junior partners and my boss, and more.
Hate means far away, and teruma means coral in Okinawa's dialect.
Did you have a experience that you couldn't see the horizon regularly because of waves, and jump up from your seat like a roller coaster.
He and his friends made cupcakes in the night because of White Day.
but, it's useful.
Children are not good at language.
The seventh personality is a optimistic, active and fast moving like Peter Pan, who wants to be a small child forever. He love adventure, he hates engagement or enforcement from other people, hence he will have many alternative ways for joyful living.
This advertisement introduces the origin of this brand.
If anyone can also introduce me to some interesting activities, places or stores to go around, I might not stay in my house and get bored all the time.
Also, driving a scooter here seems to be too crazy as I might be the only one using this type of miniature vehicle and could easily get hit without being seen compared with huge cars.
I started studying English when I was 12 years old
Are they identical?
If you visit Kagawa, please eat udon!!!
The good thing about this, is that if you want to change weather you can just wait, or drive like 15 minutes and you'll find a warmer or a colder place, which is kind of awesome.
So, I make my living by the scholarship and savings.
My weight is now 63kg
now I'm preparing for physics at university-there are no tests for entering this course, but I want to try for a scolarship so I must study hard.
it's very difficult to take, but I have to try...
obviously, 12 plus 4 is 16, and the 17th was Giulio, Anastasia's boyfriend, whom arrived in the middle of the vacation and left before.
He can crawl very quickly, and he can stand up while holding on to something lately.
He is eating oatmeal and mushy (mashed?) vegetables twice a day.
If it is a successful YUINOU, you can marry eachother.
It is a South African girl who is very hungry and thin, she finds water or food in the wild, but she can't take any steps because of loss of physical strength.
I always talk out loud to her, I'm being impatient with her, and I think she can't takegood care of herself.
Now, I heard that sake is more popular in foreign countries than in Japan.
underwent it recently, it's hurting so deeply, when can I forget this and begin a new life?
I'd like to say not to change the figure model, but some structural change is OK.
A Japanese company announced that they will use English as the official language for their company.
The chances of using English is increasing with globalization, so I think this is a good challenge for a global company.
So it is urgent to raise environmental awareness amongst the general public and do something for ourselves from now on.
Christmas is near, I will have three days off (not go to work), as a friend of mine invited me to go their home.
Besides, he has a lot of questions toask me about computer stuff.
Maybe, I should buy the ticket tomorrow afternoon, because I'm afraid that I will not get the ticket on christmas 'day.
And I'm studying Chinese.
But my first task was studying, I couldn't sleep in the class, so I decided to do homework quickly so that I had more time to sleep.
That's very interesting to me.
This afternoon we had heavy snow, which looked like there was a snow storm in Osaka city.
I felt so stupid when I found it in my bag after I got to my destination.
I thought someone could have written a comment to my diary.
I can watch cartoons all day and I don't fell humdrum.
The one I like the most Tom and Jerry or Mickey.
I like the website.
I really enjoy the website.
Native people correcting will be very useful.
The traffic was very heavy and we couldn't move any further on the way.
with no other choice, we gave up on the idea. So we parked our car and decided to watch it from the road.
Finally, we found a good place place, but we could see only half of the firework display.
In my case, a great advantage is being able to see that information written down because you can analyze all that writing and then answer it.
So I decided to go sports gym constantly.
At present I am able to go gym 3 or 4 times per week.
It makes me feel worried due to traffic problem and so on.
Maybe he has to write a long and boring essay, maybe he has to find a job, maybe he is suffering from a disease, maybe he just lost all his money...
I even feel nausea when it is severe.
They might be caffeine, chocolate, sugar, fruit, etc.
It was the same situation as New Years Day.
The cold stole my energy.
I managed to get some vegetables and chicken and I hurried back home.
I didn't check the expiration date, but it tasted good so I thought it was still OK.
I am not good at writing English, so please check my English, will you?
6-PhotgrafingPhotography
7-Editing anime and game videos
I stayed in shanghai for two months.
I communicated with many Chinese people.
But most of them haven't ever been to China or communicated with Chinese people.
He was a good and nice boy, I knew him from last summer.
The day before the lantern festival, he told me he couldn't keep his promise. He must have gone out with his father.
But my hope didn't come true.
I have learned English for 14 years since I was a junior high school student.
I took the BEC (Business English Certificate) examination last year and almost failed because of the writing section.
Ongirls 'day Japanese set up beautiful Japanese dolls.
But the dolls which we call Hina doll are very expensive
So we made very small dolls by a paper.
I want to write my introduction again.
I am studying at a middle school.
Tonight I had some trouble with learning English, I asked for help from a lot of people online.
I really appreciated that.
Now I am excited!!
Everything is going well!!
So he knows about the differences between Japanese and American attitudes.
He said that Japan needs to output more because the Japanese are not good at promoting themselves.
The reason why the Japanese don't have many chances to output is because our culture requires us to be humble.
He said other interesting things, but if I wrote them all down it would take too long.
It makes me frustrated.
what I really need to do is translate my knowledge into experience.
We are the black box that can change images into reality.
We have no garden, but we have a little patch of soil between our house and the parking lot.
Not only do I have to find the information about it, but I also have to make up the dialogue about how to persuade the client to pay by L/ C.
At last, when I had finished the dialogue, I also had to recite what I had written because my business english teacher said that we had to leave the draft papers when we were speaking English. Even though it as hard for me, I still wanted to try.
I hope that I can meet the difficulty and improve my English level.
Well, I'm new here and am very exited to see how I can improve my English.
I had used Lang-8 before, but I haven't written any journals recently.
The three clothesbaskets are already full.
My major is business administraton.
My father is a sincere public servant at a high school.
My mom's character is quite different from my dad's.
She is active, out going and sociable.
He really likes playing computer games and listening to music.
Thank you for reading my writing.
and please kindly correct my work ~:)
We call ``yakiniku``, burned beef.
Hi, I'm a Japanese studying English.
My Uranus is broken!
Perfectly flat!
it's korean education.
A Mysterious Cat
I am very surprised that I saw the roof covered in snow when I opened the window at home.
We like to go flea market because the price is not so expensive and there are a lot of unique goods.
It takes about 5 minutes for her to dry them.
Finally my toothache flared up today.
I took a motorcycle to go with my friend, and he rode it very fast.
Thank you for correcting my diary.
We enjoyed talking about our favorite bands or singers for a while and I was able to get some infomation about them.
They really enjoy listening to various kinds of music; from punk or hard rock to classic so their conversation is very interesting.
She is very strong!
My classmate was carried in her arms.
I had often watched a TV show which introduces world heritages.
Federweisse is only served at harvest time, and is in the early stage of the fermentation process.
I saw ``Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows`` yesterday at the movie theater.
I think the store offers a great bargain.
I often think that the latest electronics are so amazing!!
When I walked around campus, I found a copy machine on the ground.
I'm going to my university to attend my classes.
I would rather see DVD than studying.
I was wondering what is the difference between ``He sure is fast.`` and ``He is really fast.``
But my hands were nearly touching her, and she bit my hands.
But daytime was shining.
I go to work by motor cycle every day.
It is hard for me to write in English.
[Question] How do you think languages around the world happened to become different?
Of couse, the hotest topic is foodball game, isn't it?
The period during which emperors lived there was at least 300 years ago.
I'll discribe the occupation a little.
I prefer to read English rather than Japanese these days.
We won the competitions!& nbsp;
Next week there will be a last competition between last two.
I have chosen ethics, Lithuanian language in level A, English in level A, history in level B, math in level A, informatics in level B, Physics in level A, Chemistery in level B, theatre in level B, Physical Education in level B.
And we should do something we can do easily, for example, sending some food to areas that are short of food.
In the land where we cannot grow crops, it may be difficult to increase the growing ofcrops even if they can use the technology of developed countries.
We must take this into consideration.
it was not a travel at all, but it was work.
and it seemed that I need to study the countries history and famous places I had the chance to take a trip all over the world.
It made me angry.
My dog is a golden retriever puppy, and she just got too excited and started to chase the ducks and birds.
Instead, we lay on the desk, sleeping.
I'm joyful to find this website, ``lang-8.
I like writing by English but I always worry about mistakes that anybody can help me correct.
This travel is my second time to visitchina.
In the article, there's no explanation about which country they're from.
Very catchy tune!
I figure that being admitted into hospital is not necessary for me, but my colleagues think it is necessary.
I am looking forward to seeing her progress.
She said they always converse to each other in English.
Furthermore, she is a sickly person.
She is concerned her daughter may have the same habit.
She has no choice, so goes to their house.
I like to speak English but, I cannot understand English grammar.
It's classic Japanese.
I'm a big fan of the American TV series Grey's Anatomy.
l 'm so tired
The package looked delicious, So I bought it!
What eludes me (on Youtube)
A soup with Eryngii mushrooms and onions.
It is warmer this winter than usual and I wore light clothes until yesterday.
For a few years, many textile manufacturers have been marketing the special type of underwear called ``Heat Tech``.
My language school has some courses which are used for entering uni directly, and I already passed entrance examination of the course.
on the other hand, I'd like to aim to enter a more high level university, but if I want to enter university that doesn't connect with my language school, I have to obtain IELTS score then take a entrance examination.
You also are welcome to my home town.
In a meeting in English, I explained about some specifications onthickness, weight, LCD size, and thelocation of each connector such as theUSB port.
I took a week off from work, so I feel bad for my co-workers.
However I wonder whether 'optimistic' implies negative meaning as happy-go-lucky.
I'll exhibit my drawing at Ouchi gallery in Brooklyn!
The picture was a photograph taken at a kindergarten last Friday.
Also, my roommate hasn't recovered from pneumonia after roughly 20 days. I hope he gets well soon.
Instead, on our way home, we swang by a electric store to look at TVs because, in Japan, people have to switch their TV from analog ones to digital ones (to watch TV) by 2011 due to problems about wavelength or something.
Recently I went to the 'End of the road' which is located southeast. It's somewhere near Australia and near Antartic.
I want to learn it well, and I want to make more friends.
Incidentally, as my house is surrounded by fields, the farmers gave me many kinds of vegetables such as onions, corns, potatoes, tomatoes, beans, and so on.
According to her, she had a quarrel with her boyfriend yesterday, and maybe she was heart broken, so she was a very nervous.
And next in order was Asada Mao who is a rival of Kim Yu-na.
The SD card reader, on my PC, which I believed was broken due to power failure revived.
Particularly, I'm not good at listening.
Zombie Walk 2009
I went to the Zombie Walk wearing Zombie makeup.
Because I'll take a placement test.
To sell them to Chinese people in China or do they give them to their friends or family?
What amazed me most was their style.
My Japanese friends who cannot speak English thought that I could speak English, but I cannot, exactly.
I can speak it a little, but I am gradually getting worse these days because there are few opportunities to talk with English people.
She stimulates me to be positive.
Time always goes so fast that I feel that yesterday was our first day of winter vacation.
Only two English classes and two chemistry classes.
By the way, I major in chemistry.
But chemistry is so difficult for me.
My Philippino teacher can't really understand my English,
Regardless of what happens, I will never quit studying English.
I feel really sorry for the runners who came all the way to Tokyo to join the race.
After that, my husband and I went shopping for curtains.
But, I am not good at speaking English.
I feel a little nervous, but I really expect this to feel like home.
As I wrote in yesterday's journal, my daughter seemed to have caught a cold.
The problem is What it is for in any case?
ANIME, GAME, MOVIE, MANGA, you know almost all of them (except for movies). These are what we Japanese are proud of.
These looks like art, and the reason why these were born and could succeed was because the old Japanese generals favored beauty crafts.
Nowdays, it's say to sad that traditional crafts are no longer popular.
People seek more convenient and comfortable products. (ummm...
And there are many people who don't have philosophy.
At that time, my friend invited me to her friend's mountain hut to ski.
The mountain is in Nagano. It holds the winter Olympic games because the snow is good and it is near to Tokyo.
I love to ski!
It's impossible to ski like this.
I should take advantage of this problem, change my work and draw people into my vision.
English is difficult.
I lost a lot of friends now...
One of my dreams is to have a English related job in the future.
Today I want to practice writing rhymes!!:p
speak& nbsp; English fluently.
So I didn't and nothing happened...
I'd like to make my career within 5 years.
Many people were walking while smoking cigarettes, it's very dangerous for the baby!
They were very reasonable and also lovely, aren't they?
This situation made me sad because it was a beautiful day as I mentioned in the title.
until now, I've been doing my homework in the library.
the assignment is due tomorrow.
(Actually, it wasn't my fault, 'cause my time table said ``9th building``, but there are two ``9th`` buildings...) Anyway, my teacher told me to join one group, in which 2 boys and 2 girls were talking, and to try to introduce myself.
I think you are the kind of guy who needs to introduce his voice before his name. ``or something.
Who tells his whole life story before he introduces his name?
He never boast his intelligence.
My hobbies include photography, psychology, fashion,
I watch the drama series named ``LOST`` and ``HEROES`` and all genres of the movies.
Next time I will write about some of the experiences I've had when visiting these shops and about some of the books I have read.
The distance doesn't prevent us from being good friends.
I hope everyone helps me out.
There has been a huge volume of advertisement papers stuffed in between the newspapers these days.
For my birthday, I received a marvelous present from my friends.
I'm not familiar whit capital letters, I usually use small leters
I am senior university student, I study Welfare.
Though I have been to only three countries, Beijing, Korea and Singapore.
She believes there is a little possibility to get an expensive TV!
In December, many Japanese buy this lottery.
First prize is 200 million yen, about 2. 4 million US dollar.
Nengajou is greeting card for new year day.
In early December, we start buying the special greeting cardand writing.
Recently it is popular to use Personal Computer to make the card colorful and to make many cards.
People who were married print their wedding picture and people who had a baby print a picture carrying their baby, definitely.
When we can get these goods luckily, we tell and thank our friend or relative who sent us winning number and f they say kidding ``did you get TV because of greeting card I sent?
You should break it and give me half! ``
Today was very hot since morning, so after I finished running, I got very tired.
I have just registered for Lang-8.
Recently I have been trying to implement my English learning strategy by googling some Japanese English learner blogs.
But in the beginning I was afraid and I didn't think that next year I would have the dream (fortitude) to travel myself, without a tour agency.
Thanks to a russian girl named Olesya, who one day left her work and she alone traveled around Asia for 6 months.
You can live (stay) not only at expensive hotels-nearby you can find cheap hostels and guesthouses.
so I took a shower soon and I slept around at 6: 00 a. m.
But I already have no money!
But it might not be enough.
B: We read the Torah and we don't recognize Jesus as God, He is just a prophet to us.
I will ask you something I don't know.
I always sweat in this season.
I will start to go to English school next month,
Now, they have a chance to experience it.
Actually chinese regard ``a cirular`` it is auspicious thing, and chisese lucky number is 8! Why? Usually peopel imagine 7!!
Congratulations Japan!
If you use twitter, follow me and I follow you!
My host family plays it so I watched a game today but it was rainy and very cold...
I went to a children's festival with members of my local Fathers Community Club.
We named it ``Omuyakisoba`` and started to sell it.
A few customers bought our ``Omuyakisoba``
Finally, we sold out.
But she looked a little weird because her side dish was Nattou only.
Narcissu PSP
The first destination was a small hill 2 hours drive south of Taipei.
I know the person in charge, so I would like to tell him Congratulations!
I have been taking cooking lessons for 3 months.
It's part of the curriculum at my school.
tempt: Advertisement exists in order to tempt customers to buy their products.
conceal: He didn't try to conceal his scandal, but instead, he apologized to everyone.
decline: He decided to decline the offer from the IT company.
But their owner was Australian from Indonesia so (?) they didn't give me special weekend salary.
Japanese usually go to the dentist only when they feel troubled by a toothache or other pain in their mouth.
I made a wool scarf yesterday.
But I changed my mind.
Then I changed to knit for another things.
Time is turning.
maybe I should take some exams.
I expect for some kinds of English,
By the way, I've been studying English by using podcasts.
Unfortunately, I couldn't buy all of them because of living in China,
I often listen to a podcast while doing something.
I can almost catch the phrases,
but what I really want is to improve my speaking ability.
I feel that I'm so lucky to study English and Chinese at college,
and I'm very happy that I can help people who want to study Japanese.
I'd like to say that I really appreciate them.
We play an important to the shrinking food supply in the future.
Hi, I must learn the english language:) thanks for corrections:)
Next month, I and my friend and her baby have decided go to Taiwan.
Well, I've been extremely busy working these days.
I start to work in my office in the morning but I have to work until late at night.
This week I'll have a lot of flights and travel (of course on business).
Write a letter to the hotel manager, and explain what happened.
One of my friends told me about this website, so now I am on Lang-8!!
In September I am thinking about going to Victoria, BC.
I am easy going, and I'd like to make many friends!!
Recently, I heard the fact that a girl I went to junior high with committed suicide.
because in my eyes, she hasn't apologized even a little bit...
AIDS research improves each day.
I can't do skype..... WHY?
As I saw the pictures, suddenly, tears ran down my face, and I felt sad.
It was the first time for me, and I was very lucky.
When I watch a movie the next time, I will go there at the last screening
I am very confused for using grammar and the sentences I wrote.
Recently, I've been constantly/ excitedly making many roll cakes with white cream.
I want to learn English well.
One for June is to clean my house.
We are going to decide during the Golden Week holidays with friends.
My colleague picked up an abandoned kitten this morning.
It's very mysterious.
The residents indulged in a comfortable and abundant daily life though our country was in danger.
Maybe I cannot grow accustomed to the foreign teacher `s intonation.
In Japan, we have a tradition of throwing beans on Setsubun.
Cover the pan and simmer over medium heat until almost all the juices disappear.
My personal problem
He shot a french fries from his mouth at my friend.
I had been waiting until it would be nice weather to ride.
Then the volunteers will do their best to make the country more beautiful which is contributed without any payback.
As modern college students, we should take every available action and take part as volunteers without hesitating and to contribute to the society.
``There's no such thing as a free lunch.``
It is very delicious.
When I was young, I always thought, ``I wanna be an adult``, but nowadays I don't even think I wanna get old.
I was happy for my birthday until I turned 20 years old.
Because as I get older, I can grow up spiritually.
I'm looking forward to what I will be doing 5 years from now.
I think it's because of the dry air in my house.
I participate in a statistics seminar.
I'll read a draft, please check my grammaror pronunciation.
But I am afraid that not many people want to learn Russian.
I think our language is beautiful and I recommend everybody to learn it!!!
Sataandagi goes great with tea, which makes a good sweet.
Now, I think I usually treat an automatic gear car.
I'm a big fan of car racing.
Be careful with driving,
especially, when it's raining.
Hello, my name is Seohyun and I'm in the second grade.
This is my first time speaking in front of a lot of people and so naturally, I'm quite nervous.
The reason behind this is because I want to create beautiful hairstyles for others.
Firstly, I have to practise a lot, possibly with dolls or other people.
Secondly, I have to study about hairstyles.
My salon must also be a clean and beautiful place which customers love.
I cleaned up my messy room!
Of course, I practiced, practiced, and practiced a lot.
Next, I want to tell you about the exercising facilities that I want although I am a elementary school student.
I think it because of the recession. (my guess)
Please make this read as naturally as possible.
I had two opportunities to get to know Sue-min Kim.
Beaujolais Nouveau was released at midnight on Thursday November 18th,
Because the Wimbledon Open started this week, and the World Cup
Saturday at home.
I want to buy something that's not so expensive but very useful.
I want to gain much knowledge and self-confidence on my job through this training.
Everybody drank and ate a lot.
After we finished eating, we had an ice-cream bet.
After I came back home, I thought again that it is very ridiculous.
Do you believe that there will be a person exactly right for you in the world?
Some people might say yes, some people might say no.
I think most people believe that there will be an person exactly right for them,
But sometimes people feel tired from looking for
that person, and take a compromise for the other person who is near to their ideal right
People sometimes feel lonley and empty, and they want
Maybe this town is also very famous place to visit among foreign tourists.
Nowadays Akihabara is becoming diversity and there `s a lot of shops featuring anime goods.
Japanese anime is expanding in overseas market and many foreigners know Japanese anime.
I will write it sometime soon.
I want to write many things but my limited English discourages me.
I had a soccer game on Sunday.
Yet, after considering all the possibilities, it turned out to be an unbelievably easy dream--I want to lie down on a clean lawn with my eyes fixed on the sky, counting how many stars there in the cosmos.
When I look up on the sky, seeing those sparkling, gorgeous stars, I can't help thinking of how tiny I am in this enourmous universe and how great the creator, if there is one, is.
I enjoyed the conversation with my father and grandfather.
I don't have a digital camera.
I use the cell phone to take a picture instead of a digital camera.
Those are as good as digital cameras.
The ingredients are udon, meats, tofu, egg, kimchi and green onion!
I want to join a university, but also I want to go abroad to America, so I will have to go to a university for 5 years.
there were a lot of people at Tokyo desney land.
But my friend and I were satisfied with the attractions because many of the attractions appealed to us.
I found out about this web site when I did a websearch.
I knew what ``Ti Amo`` mean and I also knew there was an English song named Ti Amo, but I couldn't understand until I watched the MV.
The whole day was awesome: the movie, company and the anatomy test results too:D yay!
unlucky day
In the morning, I get up at six o 'clock.
because my train leaves at eight o 'clock.
When I prepared to wear my glasses and I found them smashed.
I am afraid my mother will be angry!
It felt difficult!
At after, I missed my train, because was late finishing breakfast.
So I felt all day very terrible!
She is crying everyday, she want to see her mommy.
But nurses were by her side all night, so she was reassured by someone's company.
Today I'm going to an English club, I really wanna study English.
I played the game ``Dragon Quest``
I'm writing a journal after a long time.
I am confused, and I enjoy being confused.
Going to law school
I decided to go to law school yesterday.
I watched a very good movie yesterday.
What's more, she was a girl who loved peace.
She liked to make friends with negro people, and took part in a negro's party, and helped them to struggle for the chance of a negro's day on a TV show.
I like Tracy very much, because she was courageous enough to pursue her dreams and never gave up.
Yesterday I bought new shoes for jogging.
3 years ago I was a menber of a fitness gym, but I i quit because of my busy job.
New shoes put up my motivation.
I want to make jog a custom from now.
But many foreigners are looking for someone who speaks Japanese very well.
Yesterday I went to a travel agency to book a flight from Sapporo to Tokyo and then to Seoul.
I can't get a ticket now unless someone cancels their flight.
I don't want to book a direct flight to Seoul from Sapporo because of the schedule.
I recommend FF X to you.
It isn't the first novel that I've read by this author, the last one was about 5 years ago.
My girlfriend says that he isn't a good writer, but I completely disagree with her.
If you read any of his books you will feel the whole scale of emotions that the characters feel.
Another aspect that I want to mention is his enormous capacity for telling all types of stories, from terror to ordinary tales.
If you look in his bibliography, you can find stories that film directors have put into scene: from the beautiful story about the friendship of a group of children in The Body, terror tales such as The Shinning, Chrytine, or Carrie, and penitentiary scripts as The Green Mile or Rita Hayworth and Shawsank redemption.
That program broadcasted their life.
course I always put seasoning on food but sometimes I don't.
I had stayed at a suburb in San Francisco for 3 weeks when I was a university student.
But I couldn't speak English at all in those days.
That is my motivation to study English.
The nature is amazing, and life is wonderful!
It's a lovely day today.
I recommend: www.
A famous problem on pronunciation is the difference bitween L and R.
But I cannot operate my tongue freely.
I use egg, shrimps, broccoli (instead of string beans) on vinegar rice which is mixed with carrot and mushroom.
My hobby is watchng animations, surfing the Internet, and reading books.
I often watch '' niconico-douga '' on the Internet and listen to '' VOCALOID '' music.
My dream is to become an interpreter.
my grandfather made a living by raising chickens and a calf.
They say there are many sumo wrestlers who have been fixing matches for years.
Today is so hot that my T-shirt is all wet.
tomodachi to sakka-wo shite asobu koto ga tanoshii desu.
eating birthday cake is my interest.
Thai beer
I drank one bottle of Thai beer.
I'd never had Thai beer until last night.
It tasted different than Japanese beer.
I watched a DVD called, Beautiful Mind.
I didn't anything buy but 6 Panasonic TV's were still left!
I decided that I will eat nothing after 7pm and I will not drink in the evening!
Today, Kyoto was 32 degree Celsius.
Well, I have to prepare for graduation workshop.
We use the textbook ``Totally True``.
I ate hamburger steak with mushrooms which tasted like soy sauce.
And she, our friend, ate hamburger steak with cheese and tomatoes.
He bought some clothes and I bought a necklace and a beret cap which was wine red colored.
Moreover, because I can't use my suica card in Kyoto, I had to buy some train tickets.
He was a manic.
Maybe somebody die, or lose a lot blood.
He was hungry, angry and terrible...
In my opinion, it is not useful to disclose his face.
So, I think that it is premature to disclose photos before the court's final judgement is announced.
in Yoyogi animation gakuin...
The Liberal Democratic Party has governed for over 50 years.
governs the cabinet or not, but I hope DPJ 'policy strengthens our economy.
Recently I am very busy with my work.
My shoulder was treated.
One of my ffavorite things was stolen.
yesterday my friend said you looked so slender but recently you look fat!.
But I can't do anything about it (?)
which attracts the audience effectively.
Is this my redundant reaction?
I had a watercooler that my boyfriend gave me.
If the someone Chinese said ``You were unlucky.
I have to take an oral examination in five theological subjects this week: old testament, new testament, church history, systematical theology and practical theology.
There is almost no visible effect from the 3. 11 tsunami, earthquake, and nuclear-plant problems.
Going to work, school, supermarkets, and so on.
I knew it exist.
My name is chinacamel, from the Shanxi province of China!
Trip to Beijing
Then, we tackle cleaning the whole house.
It was beyond my expectations.
``It was so hard for me!
I remember their smiles.
Though I am busy, I still keep a diary.
Inari (shrine)-> a fox-> thin fried tofu
I'd like to watch Premiership matches, and UEFA Champions League matches.
Now I'm looking for the tickets.
I wrote about the club in my last journal.
Yesterday, more than 25 people joined!
Thanks!
Yesterday it was nice outside.
I weeded out my yard.
Last month I did a lot of weeding.
But when I finish an exam on next Saturday, the long-awaited summer vacation starts:)!
a part-time-job, studying English, drawing pictures and contribute them into an art contest:-)
Google says 'Do you mean: my name':D
Japanese people are usually not good at speaking English, because we only study English grammar when we are students
When I tried it on, it looked very nice.
This is because the motion of their gestures is too large and radical. It's easy to hit me, especially when I stand by them too closely.
I met my friend on the 2nd night, I waited for her for a few minutes outside.
My elder sister and I were talking in the hall.
Suddenly my younger (or younger?) sisters quickly cameto my father crying and shouting ``There is a big man.`` Then someone knocked at the door.
When you are in a trouble, what will you do?
Generally speaking, songs are a good way to practice another language.
because there is a very big tree (2000 ~ 7000yesrs old) which is
I know I can manage to write or say something in easy English.
I took driver's license exam that covered basic vehicle operations such as headlights, windshield wipers and driving straight.
It was very easy for me thanks to a lesson I took at the driving institue as well as the easy questions given at the test site.
I have to take up many part time job to earn money, since I want to go to Philippine for studying abroad next spring.
After I googling this product on my mobile and finding out the user response is really bad, I said 'Really?' as a response to all her sales talk. snow word isn't used that much.
I heard the salesperson talked to her co-workers, 'Wow, nowdays these consumers are really smart..
My winter holiday has already begun. I think (that) I should read some English magazines or newspaper for improving my English during this holiday, but I don't know what I should to read. I hope to get some advice from here.
I expect to have improved well when the holiday comes to an end.
Io sono povera e vecchia.
The girl is young and tall.
I'm so happy, 'cause I can use it anytime.
There are not so many tenses in Chinese, so I always forget to change tense.
Some people decided not to move anywhere by themselves and some people cannot move because their partners are Japanese.
I'm so delighted when a good person wants to be a employee.
There is a new type of this oil is on the market recently.
Fried garlic, onion, and many other ingredients are in the oil.
although english is so difficult for me, and from time to time, I think it is so stupid that speaking english is my goal now:(
In Japan more than 70% cellphone users have 'K-tai' phone, they do not use 'Smart Phone' like 'Xperia (SONY)' or 'iPhone (Apple)'.
We stayed there until midnight.
Kitano Takeshi plays the roll of a Japanese soldier called Hara.
making training pants for my husband.
I went driving to the countryside to meet my friend who just moved there recently.
It was a pretty long drive. It took 4 hours but I was able to release all my frustrations.
Her parents keep some cows to sell for meat. It is rare for me to see real cows, so it was a very exciting experience.
At first, I didn't realize he was sick until this morning. I was intending to give him to others, I found he could not walk, and I felt so upset.
We are having our final examf this week.
Then we checked her test sheet and found out her answer sheet was left together with her test sheet.
I went to Hawaii for ten days with my female friends this month.
There is a friend of mine, a girl, who was my best friend when we were in primary school.
It's really wonderful, not only because there will 172 famous Chinese film stars attending, like Jet Li, Ziyi Zhang and so on, but also it will shows us the history.
And bless to those heroes who fought for the independence and democracy of our country.
I have a happy timebecause I am surrounded by beautiful audience and the great members.
At least, it doesn't seem as hard to get a good score in your university as to get it in senior high school, because I only need to do some subjects I'm interested in.
In Japan recently there has been a demand to save electricity.
Our tent was the most embarrassing of all.
Our mattress was stuck and our tent broke.
Because in China, people always learn languages from books and there is no chance to speak it.
So that I know this language very well.
I want to make friends with Japanese people who can teach me.
When I got up this morning, nobody in my family was up yet.
I'm travelling to Mie now.
But this isn't a good city for sightseeing.
So, Hong-Kong has no surprising points for Japanese people.
Because the people are very kind.
During rainy days or days that are high in humidity, the volume of my hair is up.
``Super treatment`` is a treatment to make my hair softer.
I was really surprised.
I like shopping and I like beautiful things.
What does entry mean? lol I've consulted the dictionary but I still can't understand what it means; (
I watched a baseball game in Nagoyadome yesterday.
Yesterday was the winter solstice!
Back to the school
The box was covered with wrapping paper.
Remember, once when I was going to work, one of my high heels was broken making me very embarrassed. I called you first. You were very kind and bought a new pair of shoes to me at work.
In the new semester I must study hard with my English.
The name of the restaurant was Sakura-jaya.
The drink was lemon tea.
The dessert was caramel cake.
I was disappointed by ``Avatar,`` so I hope tomorrow's movie is good.
That is very hard to get, my English is still awkward, if you don't mind please help me.
But everyone encouraged me when they said ``You're working hard`` ``You look cool.`` I was very happy to hear that.
I had sashimi (raw seafood) made up of tuna, salmon, horse mackel, scallops and salmon roe.
I have to use English for business, so I have to study English.
I think that bridegroom Tani, bride Meka and the 4 organizers were a good combination.
This Event was for girls only, so the interior decoration was very cute and girly.
Now I'm in the countryside of Korea for this job until the end of this month.
The problem is that I don't have a computer even though I need it really badly to get done with my school payment thing and things like that.
I heard that people who experienced study-abroad need more than 800 scores to prove an ability based on that experience.
Yesterday it was rainy and cloudy.
It's very difficult!
Especially, I love broiled salmon, medium rare.
you will go there again??
He answered with a smile, ``I went there too many times to remember``
While Japan wasa developing country we had to learn a lot of things from foreign countres.
the important things to consider about the place where you want to live are:
and I don't understand some things
for example: I am a good boy, aren't I?
Tomorrow..?
Tomorrow, there are practice games.
The amount of juice was clealy reduced.
I always put my contact lenses in my eyes every morning.
My job is a mobile phone programmer.
I am not a programmer, but I just like it.
So when a bad thing happens, I remember a saying: when one door shuts, another opens.
You must know about the feeling of loneliness or separating, and it's much stronger when you're alone in a foreign country where you know nobody and you couldn't understand what they're speaking (I know it's called French, though).
I cried again and mocked myself as the biggest stupid in the world.
While listening to quiet slow tempo music and calm voice of the instructor, I stretched my body.
Return to the Earth
I have been in Germany for a month.
Then suddenly a old man who had tattoos all over his body entered SENTOU.
It was an unusual situation....
What if suddenly he bit me?.....
He approached me with his stubbern face, and said with his low tone voice ``Could you give me some of your water?``
He was really kind, although this might just be a cover up. He couldn't get over his thirst and had to drink to fufil his obstinated ways.
In fact, I'm not a fan of Jennifer Garner, but this role was perfect for her.
So I had to shovel snow...>_ <
The first episode of hell girl is quite boring. People send the person they hate to hell again and again because of different reasons: hate, misunderstanding, jealousy and even love.
And the music in this cartoon is also listenable.
Many people do not seem to be very pleased to eat what they've never tasted or anything which sounds exotic, but isn't that losing an opportunity to add it to your favourite menu?
The shop was proud of its various high quality imported products, there were many customers who came from other countries looking for ingredients to make their local dish. (I would often be asked by Australians: ``Where's Vegemite?``)
I went out to get the bus.
I like Homer, because he's really sweet to his wife Marge.
Ear, nose and throat hospital
Could someone please put the following sentences into the passive voice.
Could someone please put the following sentences into the passive voice?
Tomorrow, I am going to watch the football match in Saitama Stadium.
While doing Kabuki, actors speak very slowly and with a wavy tone.
my English level is bad.
So, I had to wait outside of the Jinja until they came out.
Actually, I like ``Nicolas Cage``.
Please, correct and comment on my blog.
I'm a student studying nutritional science at a university in japan.
I used to have conversations in English at English conversation classes when I was in elementary school and when I was in junior high.
How about it?
A lot ofpeople who write their dairies in English can't get that many comments you know.
The second is that maybe Japanese people are kind.:P
My job is to teach foreigners Chinese.
I want to learn some native English.
``Four till Nine is given to one who find.``
It is just because we have culture to eat whales.
Maybe the protesters who against this habitual think that people shouldn't eat whales.
But sometimes it makes me dpressedthat I can't improve my English.
Recently, I've been thinking that every day.
I have to eagerly keep studying the jewellery business and be careful to trade only with reliable partners.
He sang songs that he liked, whatever his companies or the audience thought of them--in fact, everybody would show his happiness and satisfaction whatever they thought, and you know why.
One of his hobbies was forcing the female stars who went to Chongqing to have sex with him, and then recording the process.
And in my dream, one of my high school fellows (Iet's call him Ice) told me that he had got some videos of Wen Qiang, and there was plenty of hot stuff besides the pornos.
I'm writing this journal in my room, obviously, in Japan,
This is my homework.
We had been studying together since we were in primary school.
We had a nice time together.
I found out about this website Lang-8 today, and I thought it was so great.
I think the greatest thing about this site is that the people who correct language mistakes
I'm able to advise and help people who are studying Japanese, too.
I have learned English since I was 18, but I don't understand much of it.
I can understand what My teacher says perfectly, but I can't understand movies or people who I just met for the first time.
I met my teachers a long time ago and I have talked with them many times.
I'm listening to the music of Santana 'Smooth' on Youtube.
I usually get up at 6: 30 in the morning.
I joined the cooking school for elderly men, looked for the checkup for 3 year's old children, studied the system of the health center, and so on.
All US foods which I can imagine are junk such as burgers.
We bought detergent, dishwashing liquid, and a frying pan.
After that, we had lunch at a sandwich restaurant.
In the afternoon, I went to a computer room to use a scanner.
However, the patty broke its shape while I was cooking. It did not look good, but it was delicious.
I'm looking forward to playing tennis tomorrow.
The food was good; they both have world heritage sites, the Halong bay and Angkor wat.
Thank you for reading and listening.
But how can we be good listeners? In my opinion, the most important thing is to focus on the topic you are talking about.
My examination...
Because I have reserved a train at 7: 30 AM.
I'm going to Australia next year for studying.
Australian goverment changed their Immigration law.
I have to chose the proper word out of four choices but sometimes I don't know the meaning of all the choices!
My tears were like rain.
I can relax and improve my English.
Instead of that, we are going to go to Holland next month to see flowers.
So, I decided to go shopping and make a pizza.
I found a recipe in internet blog and started making a pizza.
When I got up I realised I had a better understanding of this movie.
My feeling is when I help a person to correct his/ her eassy, I'll be successful, and sometimes I can found some entries are like comedy shows.
They sing Japanese soul music.
I'd like to introduce their PV; Samurai Soul.
We concluded that thinking in English for 75 percent of the time is necessary to master English.
I would like to have better pronunciation.
So I have to take a lot of classes and my schedule is was too heavy.
I could not answer well...
Lunch time was coming, but we didn't have lunch together
I tried to write a diary in English.
I wanted to change the teacher to Johana who was my previous writing teacher and is so good.
I'm twenty-years-old and a university student.
Hi, I'm studying English in a Japanese University.
My dormitory is in Gifu Prefecture and my family's house is in Shiga Prefecture.
Usually I studied English about 2 ~ 3 hours a day, but I study it in
please get out of my head immediately!
When I was in Korea, I used to eat every meal at the restaurant, because there were so many options to choose from and I also didn't have enough time to cook.
Now, there isn't any option, because there isn't any restaurant near my village.
Before leaving they complained about my absence.
But, unfortunately, when you come home after shopping, you feel very tired.
So, it is called an aeropolis.
l know that many people want to get more money or stronger power,
Yet l don't know how to tell people around me what I think, because even if I do it, no one will believe me.
They must think l 'm crazy.
We went to a coffee shop and talked about her marriage life and new workplace.
All of nature follows Fibonacci's numbers.
But I noticed we have not much difference between us when we made skit.
I like studying English very much.
I studied the flower design for three years.
When I entered the pub at 10, all the seats were full and it was very crowded.
There were 3 people on staff, but it was not enough.
At 3, 15 office workers came in and ordered the ``NIJIKAI course``
The NIJIKAI course is some fried food and drinks.
So I took the exam at January 24.
which is something impossible right now, so I'm a little bit pissed.
I went to Seoul for a long time.
Actually, most of my co-workers might be missing me a lot.
I missed the station which I had to get off at even though I'd asked the train crew twice!
And, again, I've not kept my promise to write a diary entry a day.
He asked his English teacher, but he still couldn't understand the explanation.. <-redundant
I spilled water on the floor during the night.
it is in the country, a little left from Osaka
iPlayer provides English subtitles.
So he called to all the animals, ``Mung-Mung``.
The best performance was when the trainer rode on the dolphin.
At the end of the show, we ate lunch on a mat in the forest and it was more delicious than eating at home.
I will buy the Xbox360 version.
My friends list doesn't have any friends on it to talk with in English!
My hobbies are swimming and shopping.
I am now thinking about a master degree's research plan.
I want to research about Japanese writing for foreigners.
I am in trouble to find out a way to research this.
However I have to persuade readers, who are scholars in the Uni I want to enter.
I want to study English!
Gion festival is the annual big event started 1 thousand years ago and it is one of the most famous festival in Japan.
Anyway, I'd like to graduate from school and get a job as soon as possible!
And she said ``you are strange.``
the time is coming.
It is a cloudy today but the temperature is not too warm and the weather is comfortable
and I'm looking forward to the start of the school year.
Although It is hard, I'd like to study English.
and I believe it will some day be.
This only reason I'm studying English is to be able to clearly express my thoughts and achieve my goal.
She rode a bicycle.
When she arrived near a company, she wiped her sweat.
There, my dance club members will announce. (Announce what?)
It's terrible, isn't it??
I'm always eating lunch at a canteen, but I've decided to bring my lunch starting today to save money.
It is interesting to see what the shop sells.
digitalizing TV
The Japanese government has decided to digitalize satellite broadcasting in 2011.
I'm beaming, I hope to meet people who can help meto learn.
Fortunately, I can speak English, but I don't want to forget how to speak it.
Did you watch Michael Jackson's memorial service?
They spoke about Michael Jackson's life and sang.
I overheard somebody who was talking about Michael Jackson on the phone.
I liked his songs and music videos.
When I got home, I turned my computer on to listen to his songs and watch his music videos.
I heard that Michael Jackson's daughter inherited some unreleased songs.
When I don't have time to stengthen/ set it in the morning, I like toput it intoa ponytail.
There are 4 people in my family.
My father's been a fireman for 20 years.
He teaches me patience and sacrifice.
When I speak with a foreigner, they often have trouble due to hesitation (Is it possible to use 'from' Instead of due to?)
I have no doubt that your comments will be helpful.
I believe in this world so I won't give up on life.
If I have a mistake in my diary, please hlep me correct my mistake.
Later I felt uncomfortable because I didn't see his face and I don't actually know him.
blablabla.....
I don't want to be so discriminatory...
But I can't use those greetings now, because my grandparents have passed away this year.
I could see that the top of Tokyo Tower was slightly bent by the great earthquake!
After drinking, I went to a club for the first time! (My friend took me thereX)) Dancing with music was so exciting.
I don't know how they teach English in other countries. I guess that there are some differences between the Japanese way and the other countries 'ways.
I mean a lot of experience is the most important thing.
And also, having a passion for study is important.
Next weekend, I will try to take a picture!
I want to use this service not only to study English Grammer but also to meet friends.
I had a really good time.
Many of my classmates decided to receive further education.
I'm 19 and my daughter is 2.
I watch TOM AND JERRY every day with my daughter.
There is no vaccine in Mexico, as well as all around the world.
How can we stop the from flu spreading?
time's moving on 'cause my writing speed's so slow.
To succeed in college or even in society, we need always remember to have a mindset that you should doubt anything.
Before enrolling in college, you may have been only learning a lot of subjects by heart in school, such as a date in history or the grammar of a language, etc.
I will take writing part of it in 3. 17.
After two monthes merely, I found I cannot work very well, since I do not know the internet-related professional skills.
I decided to give up because also need 30 minutes to go and exchange clothes.
This is just me eating something if I get angry.
Christmas Day is a holiday celebrating the birth of Jesus, on December 25 every year.
At night, children go to bed earlier than normal and hangstockings behind their bed to hold the presents which are given from 'Father Christmas'.
I play the guitar and sing songs.
Before the test, I always feel pressure.
Nothing can match the pleasant feeling of being home.
The New Year's Day is enjoying a striking popularity around
I came to Busan from Seoul this afternoon by the STX.
I was so disappointed because I had tickets to the seventh
Well, I'm planning to go to community college first then transfer to a 4-year art school.
I was going to cancel/ drop that class, but since I was curious, I just chose to take it.
And do you know what happened?
On February 16th, we went to the Uluwatu Temple.
It constructed on a very tough cliff.
I think my browser may have some problems because I downloaded something (bad).
and some of the messeges ask for genuine microsoft software.
Since the world of computer science is more open to English speakers, I want to study English.
I'm interested in programming for the web.
If you also are interested in programming, please be my friend!
Shannon Brown was a beast.
There are some places in the darkness, a park, a small forest, bridge above a small river, a small house and a cafe.
To show off a skill and contribute to one's team.
So I hope to be useful to you and also to learn something from you.
I want more more sleep..
I live in Paris from Monday to Wednesday or Thrusday, and then I go back home.
Without any knowledge of the language at the beginning, after a fortnight, I could manage with Italian people in daily conversation, and understand many things.
And they have a very interesting grammar, with very funny tenses, such as ``subjuntivo.``
However, it's not the only reason.
I watched Transformers 3 with Xiaoquan yesterday in Guangdong science center, IMAX3D.
It happened about two months ago, three friends decided to go to an amusement park called Happy Valley on that day.
I'm have been hanging out the laundry this week.
I was accepted into a university in NIIGATA today.
Today I was rehearsing for my upcoming dance performance. While I was indulged in my practice for it, I suddenly saw the boy who I have a crush on walk by. Out of astonishment, I shouted out loudly, ``Ah!!!`` and stopped my movement.
He somehow stood there watching me!! I was so embarrassed that I had no idea of what I should do, and just bent over and stood there.
My thoughts went so crazy for him that I can barely fall asleep tonight, this is feeling just not sitting well with me.
If you want to be a professor, you must be able to do daily conversation without any difficulties.
My husband is Indian and he has started to run a small guest house in Rishikesh since this April.
It is a famous place for yoga, meditation, the Ganges River and the ashram where the Beatles visited once.
I wonder what score I will get in three weeks later.
There couldn't be a more beautiful landscape on which to meditate.
You could clearly hear the clashing sound. It was frightening. Some more hyenas were training karate. Others were doing nothing.
They took me into a magnificent temple with a huge hyena statue on the rooftop.
I passed the first paper test of Eken Pre-1st Grade, so I couldn't be better now!
While I got angry with him, I realized he has kept his wild nature.
It is also so humid in Japan's rainy season.
I don't like Japan's hot and humid summer either.
My friend could answer easily because he is English.
My purpose for studying English is to communicate with my business partners, who are in Silicon Valley.
That was only typo, haha.
The weather forecast said that it would continue till the end of the week.
You know, I am a Chinese, who lives in south, so I like spicy food and don't like sweet food, when having lunch.
In the afternoon is computer class, and you should see how fast the teacher speaks. I can't catch what she says just like many students around me.
That's like a thirsty person who finds fresh water, but more romantic than this.
The doctor told him that the girl is invited by his army, because he always says her name Dubai loudly. The girl takes care of him for about three days which, amazes many people, because everyone doesn't understand why an Asian girl would take a U. S. soldier so seriously, and doesn't leave.
The soldier fell so happy and thankful about it, and asked the girl if she wanted to be his girlfriend.
After that, because of the wound, the soldier leaves Iraq and marries the girl in Chongqing province, China.
I have some stress, so I scratch the same area over& over.
I've often scratched my head.
I scratched the same spot, so I've lost a little hair.
I don't a bald head, but I have to address this.
So I can get along with with all kinds of people.
I can operate some Mac software like Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign.
I like to watch professional sports games, but actually I'm not good at sports, especially ball games, like baseball, football, and basketball.
I need to exercise regularly.
I could not go to work yesterday...
I saved all the pictures of the products I bought at ASOS, the models wore such attractive clothes on the catwalks, wow!
Finally I wanted to say that I will graduate from school two years from now!
It is really strange that people reveal their divorce in front of friends and familys.
The figure is a little bit higher that I thought.
so tonight I went to her new house to fulfil my
her room is not very large, but very comfortable.
Favorite things.
It's kind of hard for me to focus on a story..
I just love watching the ``American Pie`` movies.
In the first half, Ji-sung Park scored the first goal.
Because I plan to tell her parents that I want to marry her!!
It is Japanese food.
Especially, I like Korean and Chinese food.
However, I guess the word ``fucking`` is used to emphasis the words after it, so it's very similar to the usage of the Japanese word ``kuso``.
The word ``kuso`` means ``shit`` in English exactly, but it also plays a roll in rudely emphasizing the words after it.
So, I explained it to him like that.
I'm looking for friends who can chat with me
I'm tired of speaking Japanese....
This year I decided to handle foreign company more actively than last year!
Especially, getting more vocabulary is very hard.
Ganghwa-Do
Yesterday, my family and I went to ganghaw-do.
It was a one beautiful place.
It was surprise too.
The bad news is that I failed my ACCA exam............. is was worst than last time........... how come???>_ <
Studying English is one of my hobbies, in which I learn it with enthusiasm.
Since I found information about prostitutes, I realised that they are not only bad points, but also good points.
So I think I shouldn't judge or look down on them due to their appearance.
Unfortunately, it's Saturday today...
I believe that marriage is special and spiritual
because one man and one woman, who are first different human beings,
But the first typhoon is likely coming soon, and it is raining now.
After this happened, I Iooked for a place to eat.
when to use ``a`` versus ``the``, and idioms like ``work out`` (exercise).
My hometown is a big city and I feel convenient, but I think there are many great points in each cities.
Today, I went to my school to participate in swimming class.
After I came back home, I ate lunch and I ate spaghetti with meat sauce and it was very delicious.
I'm not the demon so it was very fun.
Tomorrow will be very hot but I should work hard.
In the Netherlands, I had to find a dentist who I could register with as a patient, make an appointment and wait for 2 months.
A nurse said ``Why didn't you register at a dentist before you had a toothache!!!
It is common sense all over the world!!!
However, when I go for jogging, I do not have to go to Gymnasiums, I can do it on the street or on campus.
I saw many international (interracial) couples in Australia.
I studied Japanese a bit, learned some new kanji, and went to eat breakfast.
I managed to swallow some yogurt, but my throat was too sore for anything else I had in the fridgerator.
It felt like heaven!
There are two bathrooms and three rooms.
There are 4 rooms and two bathrooms.
but my friend 's
house is very simple and modern.
my mom likes decorating
decorating theirs.
Tomorow I have an exam of mathematical statistics.
I'm very much looking forward to it!
I will go to Chicago for the marketing-skill training this September.
Therefore, I have to improve my English (ability) soon
It was slipperly and dangerous.
Spring is coming to the corner.
but I wanna fight!
I need your kind help!
I didn't expect that someone would correct my first diary, but two people did!
I tried not to use my dictionary in order to write my first diary.
I'll keep writing a nice diary using my lovely dictionary.
Japan has four seasons.
I live in Japan, and I sometimes see foreigners wearing a t-shirt while I'm freezing.
It's been a while since I last spoke English.
There was no abnormality.
He taught me that the dream will definitely come true if I didn't give up.
My college life.
I am getting an external education about storage foundation for data bases this week.
``Galapagos`` is a set of islands or an area around the islands which is distant from the continents and is well-known for its unique eco-system.
These ``Galapagos`` characteristics often bothers me.
However, I cannot go anywhere.
It makes me feel more tired and frustrated.
hello, I'm good, I like english, I am not good in english, you are looking my page.
help me write in english!
I must improve my English skills to communicate with people all over the world.
Apart from that, I have to create an sketch with a friend. It's for an exposition; we are going to ``act`` Phineas Gage's article.
At least, I can speak very influencially... (???)
Thank you for asking me about the interview:) I think it went pretty good. I don't know why, but I was not nervous that day. [two sentences]
I had to do a self-introduction presentation, a social issue-related discussion, a competency based interview, and a Chinese interview, all in one day.
Because I skated too hard yesterday.
I need to study speaking English too.
I really love eating foreign foods.
However, the expected time is about two minutes so it is not going to be that tough.
Actually, today was a different day in a sense, Lamar is finally gone.
I'm eager to speak many languages, so I watch some NHK programs to learn different languages.
There were many friends appeared in this wedding and they drank much wine to celebrate his friend getting married.
A typhoon went through Japan and I'm aware that autumn is coming.
If you use Skype, please add me because I also want to learn to speak English.
Today, a very very ugly incident occurred.
I am working on my application material to make it more impressive, and hopefully I will get into a prestigious school that I can be proud of.
What's the difference?
``I'm fine!`` ``I'm good!`` ``I'm OK!``: What are the differences between these three phrases?
one color without design.
I think Japanese umbrella market is a thriving business.
Japan is very unusual among the developed countries in its strict attitude to foreigners who want to work in Japan.
In this period of globalization, Japanese industry cannnot remain competitive because of shortages of the workforce.
He said ``I'll check it later.``
When he came back home, he checked it carefully.
I have a BIG presentation next Tuesday but I haven't finished my report yet.
Every time I meet someone from the team, she greets me with a clear voice.
Every morning, one of them is cleaning the entrance of our school.
One of my colleagues told me that it happened because the team members were careless, but I wonder how much they care.
I learned some sentences.
It's approximately 10 feet tall.
Serious Disasters
If we destory nature, we are destroying our civilization.
Besides, he cancels the term exam because he doesn't want to write the exam paper.
I'll have to communicate other members in English.
This book wrote about the difference between the English and Japanese voice.
I came back to my camp as I was disappointed.
I made out that it was him because he was tossing and turning.
I really dislike humid weather because I get sweaty easily.
A bear was shot because it injured a woman earlier and it could happen again.
When I read this article, a question occurred to me.
Our selfish lifestyles cause climate changes, and these lead to the lack of their food on mountains.
My friends came to my house Yesterday.
One is married.
The other is not married.
For a long time, I couldn't upload my page, what with my tests and the disasters that happened to Japan.
Fortunately my friends living near the disaster locations are all safe!
But now, I strongly believe that English and its culture is but one of the many cultures all over the world and I want to strengthen my idea by communicating its importance to as many people as possible.
However, I noticed the convenience of English for the first time because I could talk to many people like Belgians and Egyptians with English.
Though I have been saying many things above, all I want to say is how pleasant talking to many people is!!
It took 10 minutes to walk to the beach.
It turned a very comfortable day today.
But Japanese people aren't interested in it at all.
There were a few people, and some main buildings were closed, others were opened but closed at 6: 00pm.
I think I'm very susceptive to weather changes:-o
``What day is today?`` I always say that because I never remember the day, even though I ask my cousin a lot. He always says ``I just told you yesterday.``
I heard someone say a goldfish can only remember something for 3 seconds. After that it will lose its memory just swimming to the edge of the fish bowl.
If a goldfish fell in love with another fish, it wouldn't remember because it would lose its memory.
Myhobby is to go camping.
I can speak business Japanese, but my English is poor, so I want to improve my english to get a good job in trading.
I have a sore throat now, it's really uncomfortable...
I agreed and sat down waiting for him.
Is there someone who lives in Europe?
In Paris, I'll see the Eiffel tower, Louvre's museum and shakespear's& company book store.
can you tell me other hot brands in Europe?
It's because this is my first time trip to Europe.
I applied for two squba diving tours and bought lenses for my scuba diving mask.
My name is SAKURA, chief of Japan's traditional dance group, NIPPON.
I am introducing the wonderful world of Japanese dance.
Please believe me!
I read in the news today that Pizza Huts across China announced that they are doing away with their salad bars.
It is already half a month until I go home.
Hello, Lang-8 users
This week, I've been thinking about how to use Lang-8 effectively so that I can make progress on my studies.
At the beginning of weekend, I have a long bathtime on Friday night.
bathtime is a pleasure which many people living with a family cannot have.
There is an English exam called CET in China.
Time flies so fast.
Everyone walking around town was wearing a shirt with long sleeves and a jacket.
Firstly I write some words in English, drink a cap of coffeand read my E-mails.
After the bus tour we had 4 hours free time, so we went to the Beatle's museum which is quite famous as far as I know.
lol Then I realized that I might have made a mistake as I perused the museum.
In fact it was tough to understand all of what was said, therefore I'm not entirely sure of their history, achievements and other efforts... everything they did while they were together.
Well... honestly it took us two hours or so to finish this tour which was pretty much half of our free time actually...
Therefore we didn't have time to walk around the City centre, which was supposed to have been fun to do!
I have to study Chinese and English.
First of all, you should buy asmall boat to catch more fish in order to get more money, and thenyou should keep fishing for 10 years.
If you achieve your goal, you can get ahuge amount of money. Then you candeposit your money in a bankand earninterest.
I was supposed to take the intermediate level this semester, so please help me pass the class with a decent grade.
Today I rented ``Jingle all the way`` and ``Dr.
Dolittle (Eddie Murphy's comedy.
Well, gotta go.
My job title is programmer.
Wow! I was suprised.
education system, learning things that are boring.
I tried to become a Pro member after that.
In Korea, adultery is a criminal law not a judicial law.
I can't understand why the government punishes people for their private life, whether it being love or sex.
I think adultery crimes can be fixed in the judicial courts.
Keith and Carrot, who had goneto town to visit their son and daughter came back to the church.
He came to Australia on a working holiday visa too.
I will be talking in Korean for a long time when they come to church!!!!!
A few minutes ago, I saw a sports news report on TV.
My friend said to me, ``You look younger than yesterday``.
Anyway, it's not my business, I'm okay until they start raising prices:P
I don't understand why Edward tells Bella to stay away from him, why heleaves her alone.
I'll be more careful next time...
I'll try to build my comfortable life slowly:)
Well, my husband and I set up our own small business at last-) This took a lot of time.
You know many Japanese college students have a tendency to be sensitive about what they wear to college.
In other words, they really care about how are they seen. So they wear fashionable clothes all day.
I noticed that lots of students wear hoodies or T-shirts, especially with their college name in front.
Is it inexpensive?
But I am worried about whether I can speak English well or not.
After we left the beach, we went to a shopping center named American Village.
So we couldn't go anywhere except there.
We just looked through some stuff.
The marketing manager supervised them at first, but she gave up controlling them at once.
They started to shoot the film at their will.
Because I got a opportunity to make my debut on the world stage.
Syobu is a beautiful flower.
Shrine of the City God Parade Day is every June and not on a specific day.
The first time traveling in the United States.
When I walked around the house, I felt an unpleasant sensation like I was trudging uphill in the house.
My favorites are reading books, including Manga or novels, watching movies, taking pictures, playing tennis, and gardening...
I'm glad that the Japanese team won!
JOSIRYOKU, the art of being a fascinating woman
It's too difficult for me to learn this stuff, I have no confidence for passing these exams.
This song which you might have not heard of is named ``Hailey's Song.``
``Hailey`` is his daughter's name.
``Hailey's Song.``
I wonder if the english title is okay or not.
Does this make sense?
I don't have confidence about whether native speakers can understand my English.
Please let me introduce myself
It is very important for me to improve my English.
Please correct my errors anytime.
Ohhhh... According this book. In the past, Japanese food culture had us eating insects such as cicadas and grasshoppers.
I'll attend some meetings and an exhibition of the heating, air condition and ventilation industy in Las vegas.
Yet the real relationship, in my opinion, is much more subtle than the triangle in the movie.
But I will not forget to put some medicine on my head for hair of course.
I want to be a person who can assist someone's development even though my ability is not excellent.
I had my bicycle stolen during the night.
but I can't forgive the person who stole it.
After the lecture, I am having second thoughts about the ``Global Environment``.
I couldn't watch it before because my daughter said that it was scary.
'Poets are not so scrupulous as you are.
I tried to write something (like book reviews) in English on some websites, but I was so ashamed of my English that I just couldn't do it.
Kaiten-zushi having rotating sushi on a belt conveyor which is cheaper than traditional sushi restaurants.
I am working hard and I hope my dream comes true in the future.
But I like go back school, because I can be with my girlfriend and play with my friends.
My english is horribly broken!
I said that I was too lazy to do something, but my friends told me when I am lazy I should do something new or study Chinese instead.
I felt it was very typical for America and I filled with emotion.
It was the first book that I read on my own.
My ability to understand difficult sentences was immature.
Returning to Harry's wondrous world in this age, I've found something I had not noticed when I read it in Japanese back in elementary school.
But I think this is why these books are called masterpieces.
I had studied English in junior high school and high shcool.
I think the best thing for learning English is to keep studying everyday.
and am studying Farsi [Iranian language]. {I'm trying to write articles in Farsi too}
My hobby is watching Japanese animation films, foreign movies, and I especially love Woody Allen and Emir Kstrizca films.
I'm studying English right now and hope to acquire skills to speak fluently with native English speakers.
Philosophical issues, religious issues, any kind of intellectual issues are welcomed and I hope to have an intellectual connection with someone.
I want to make progress with my english
I am very glad to be a member of lang-8.
So far I have studied English for about eight years, up till this term.
It's so easy to cook and tastes good.
I was very surprised.
Eastern Japan has big problems.
Today, I went to the police station to get a new driver's license.
I want to exercise for 2 or 3 times a week after this.
the leaders of both teams are friends.
but sometimes it's not met).
If two participants find one another good, they exchange phone numbers and they become friends or boyfriend/ girlfriend.
My friend, a friend of my friend, and I formed the men's group. The women had three persons as well.
We enjoyed the party and had a lot of conversations.
So they go to the academy after school and go back home at midnight without time to have dinner.
Statistics say that we, people who live in cities, lose good, quality years of life (or our lives) due to ozone exposure.
Yesterday, my classmates and I went to have dinner in a restraunt.
But now, it is in good condition:) I can't relax without it.
The Romans knew more about fighting on land than fighting at sea, so they put a wooden bridge on the front of each ship.
I think the Romans were very clever.
But the history of Rome was very interesting.
I can't believe this happened.
Do American people tend to include many people in an e-mail when possible?
We japanese are accostomed to plenty of things and food.
I stayed up late while they slept for a long time.
In contrast, The PRC has become rich, but it still makes more threat of force to the ROC and never recognizes the fact of the separation of the two sides.
I don't think they are wrong, but do they have the qualification to agree to people's self-determination?
I went to the East Coast with my friend.
I brought beer, Japanese sake and some snacks.
I made a commitment to serve my family.
I performed in some temporary groups while the other two joined groups together.
After some time, we separated, promising to meet again.
I will have abilities to do inconceivable things.
It's [vegetarian]
It's not only the students, but also the teachers who are in trouble and trying to overcome their obstacles.
The doctor said that it's because of the sudden change of environment and food.
But still, my body hasn't yet adjusted to Korea.
They damaged an atomic power plant.
According to the report from the government, there is no danger to their health
But some said that the government and power company are trying to
Could you please tell me.
However, the information gained from advertisements is sometimes overflowed and it is very confusing.
Because many companies and shops are competing to win in the market, each shows their own characterized advertisement, which can be too much information.
What is worse, people tend to purchase products or foods even if they do not need that merchandise.
I believe that more people should learn the way of recognizing whether which information is right or not even if the amount of advertisements increase drastically in the future.
they can cook korean food..
I don't know why...
I doubt I'm writing good.
Anna from Boston eventually finds her true love, not in Jeremy's luxurious house, but in a shabby bar in Dingle, a small town in Ireland, in the arms of Declan.
This class is boring.
I am too lazy to write a resume....
When I enter my room, it smells good.
I'm so tired right now because we received more than 150 students today.
I should have gotten up early this morning, but I slept in late.
I am learning English, especially listening and oral english. I have (?) a postgraduate major in computer, interested in network security and DB. I look forward to more friends to exchange each other.
Today I am very happy,
I'm very happy.
When you look at a Chinese word, you cannot know how to pronounce.
I told him not to hesitate, but he said he still wants to be friends with Ice, and that he didn't want to hurt her too deeply.
The sentance is ``Equilibria between any number of substances are representable in terms of activity coefficient correlations such as the UNIQUAC or NRTL``
But it had Denzel Washington!
I'd appreciate if you read and fixed these sentences.
I am satisfied with my hair style.
Some insist that individuals will solve it.
Today I want to challenge new work positively.
I ran, among crickets and cicadas,
that was just an astonishing sight,
I think that this may be good for people who are not allowed to have pet hamsters at home, or people who love hamsters but are too lazy to take care of them.
Through this incident, I found that the country of Japan is not alone, and international cooperation is really important in a global society.
Because the weather forecast said today will have a wintry pressure distribution.
I don't know the situation in your countries but in Poland Spring officially has come.
Spring is my favourite season of the whole year-it's not too hot, not to cool, just warm enough for me.
Unfortunately in going straight for my goals I feel like I have been losing something important, paying not enough attention to relationships with people I care about.
So I cut one side of my hair by myself, which made it more awkward.
As he is a serious man, he is going to get along with his sweetheart.
We did not reach a conclusion, but I think it was interesting and will be useful.
On my way to Suwon, I heard there were 2000 applicants from my friend who had aleady been there.
I was desperate and gave up trying to get the job.
However, I changed my mind because nobody knows the result.
When I got there, I noticed that my friend had the wrong information.
However I feel a little uncomfortable.
Not only in English but also in other languages I think there are strange expressions like ``break a leg.``
I prepared all my tickets, but not completely.
I was comfused because I heard about it just before I borded the airplane and I'll arrive in Bergen at 11pm and the hotel will closed.
I looked around in the airplane.
I went to drink with some coworkers yesterday.
We drank still 3 o 'clock in the end.
If you have information on it, please tell me.
Because whether or notyou can be admitted into college is decided by this exam.
The system is feasible in China although many people think it is unfair because of our country's large population.
We need more college students to build our country, to help make our country more beautiful.
In my opinion, this is very cruel for students!
Hello everyone my name is May. I like English very much, but I am afraid to learn English; because I make a lot of mistakes.
Could you change this paragraph to make it look more like a speech?
or if you don't have enough time, just correct it. I would appreciate it.
Funny listener
In concerts, often there are ``funny`` listeners.
I can't wait for the 26th free program on figure skating.
When she got wind of the solution from a Homeland Security officer, she was a little bit confounded because she had made up her mind not to marry anyone.
I will begin to write again daily, as well as I can.
I also think that this diary has many mistakes.
(Actually we are already in February!)
Usually, having her wedding in Maldives will be so romantic to a girl, but I'm so tired for it...
By the way, I think I am quite a strange person, because I feel excited when I hear the wind screaming. Maybe it's because I just drank a cup of coffee which always make me excited.
I try to imitate what I've heard from the NPR to correct my pronunciation, my tone, and things like that.
My summer vacation will end tomorrow.
But I am happy because I will be able to meet my friends and homeroom teacher.
``Don't be a loser`` I keep telling myself that, but I always give up easily ~ I need to be more stronger, tougher and more focused on my target!
It was tough because of its length.
(I heard announcements in French, and I liked its pronunciations.)
He mentioned a girl who I love very much.
Her husband dose not have a permanent job, therefore he helps occasionally with the washing of customers hair.
Particularly, that of Japanese bush warbler made my ears perk up since its voice is unparalleled by any other birds.
I really believe that she is my great adviser and supporter.
I think it reflects the sensitive feelings that we have.
That's the reason I registered it today.
The prefecture has lots of ski resorts and held the winter Olympic Games in 1998.
Because of Love?
Actually, it's one of the most amazing social network services I've ever known.
Language Exchange, LE in shorthand, is a great idea.
I am disappointed in you!
You are my friend, and I always believed you but you lied to me.
I finished reading the book ``Excerpts from a Family Medical Dictionary`` by Rebecca Brown, one of my favorite authors.
My favourite Japanese singer is under arrest.
Last weekend, my favourite Japanese singer was arrested for drugs. Her name is Nariko Sakai.
On last Friday, a warrant was out for her arrest and she became ``suspect Sakai``.
It is really sad to hear that-I still can't believe such a nice, sweet lady who smiles like an angel is a drug addict.
Just when people were worrying that she might commit suicide from the shame of what her husband did, the police found drugs in her apartment.
People came to realize that her disapearance was probably not because of the shame of anything, but to escape the drug tests.
I'm not a Christian.
This season, church choir members are very busy preparing for Christmas.
Our music director chose very rhythmic and complex music.
So, I am a staff of the convenient store.
Maybe it's a different customs about what the staff of the convenient store has to serve to their customer.
After that my manager appeared and he complained about me.
Too busy to do yoga and study other languages.
Of course, today is very hot as well.
I have to buy chocolates for my co-workers before Valentine's day.
And I'm worried about the costs because I have ten co-workers.
His name is ``Charo``, the mascot character of the NHK English program.
So I have to write my dissertation, and look for a job.
today, when I checked out my blog configuration, I found this site in my favorites.
The first thing is my Macintosh Computer G5.
Visiting Zoo is really fun.
I've lived in the nurse's accommodation near my hospital yet.
He said, ``Get a picture is not a polite way to write Hikari, you could say orally but not written``.
Starting Lang-8
Hopefully, I can make more and more friends, although my English is not so good, but I can always communicate with English speaking people.
Bart and Lisa, daughter of Homer, cooperate with it.
One friend is going to America for further education and the other will work as an analysiser in Shenzhen, we will be living in different places around the world.
The story is about a detective who had been a high school student.
I commute by train every day.
In the evening, I catch the 8pm train.
I often read a book on the train.
but I have no problem.
I washed my hair with my favorite shampoo.
I heard that it is good for the health.
It's reasonable to think that individuals don't tend to own pianos, but families do.
I've corrected some Chinese diaries for Japanese friends.
But I'm taking a year off to improve my English ability, and go on a vacation to take a break.
When I was younger, I liked painting and studying fine arts.
But it's very different from visual design or fashion design.
That keeps worrying me
But some of us like to play command sport games, some people love to play intellectual games, and others love to play computer games.
Stop hating classes in school, or stop hating boss at work, or stop hating other people.
So simple to learn anything, or converse with anyone.
My wife is little worried about her appetite lest she will be fat.
I used a strategy which is to take a concentrated attack against the one of the opponents, who is weaker than the other one.
The games remind me of two different feelings.
The one is the law of survival and the other is the story of the 'Hare and Tortoise'.
I want to make friends with someone who lives in a foreign country.
Today my vacation begins.
I wanna sleep soon, but I have a lot of homework.
I have to start studying now ^ ^;
Today, some packages arrived at my home.
(I used this airline to go to Europe last month, and transited in Russia. It was very cold there.)
Some geographers say ``there are no places on earth that have not yet been explored.``
(But I think human beings actually haven't explored the bottom of the ocean at all yet.)
because only little girls are heroines in his works except for this one)
Nobody believed in the testimony of his father, except for Pazu.
The girl who came down from the sky, whose name is ``Sheeta,`` had the magic stone, and she was pursued by the army because she knew a secret of the Castle.
Pazu decided to search for the Castle of the Sky with Sheeta.
There are two kinds of high schools in the mainland--junior high schools and senior high schools.
Compared to junior high schools, the teaching quality of senior high schools are considered more effective on the students 'future.
Some schools would even demand that girls cannot have their hair long enough to reach their shoulders.
I'm going to take the entrance examination for a Japanese university in case I fail at my first choice, that is, some American university.
from 9. 15 p. m. to 8. 20 a. m.: gogo ku-ji jugo-fun kara gozen
: juichi-gatsu itsuka, mokuyobi
When we were at Tennoji, we were spoken to by some drunks.
And please let me ask another question.
Tomorrow.
Hopefully you can help my English.
Because that was far from school, and the holiday was very short.
During three weeks our reserch group that includes ecologists, zoologists and microbiologists, will be studying wild rodents and their microbal flora.
This is the first time that I have seen the entire school covered with snow!
I thought it was rude to put luggage in a seat, so I replaced it on my knees.
Because I can use any vegetables and it tastes very good!!
My grandmother made MISO and gave it to me.
I think the Japanese government should restrict where people can smoke, because their smoking affects non-smokers health.
If you have any suggestions about how I can improve that, I'd be really greatful!
Could you give me some advice to learn technical writing?
After that, my professor invited us to his house to give us a great dinner.
but I will come to the internet cafe as often as I can.
Recently she has been melancholic and doesn't do anything, washing something, cleaning, or cooking...
I used Yuzu tea that I made last November to cook yuzu flavored chicken.
Recently I have gotten hooked on Japanese cake.
But it's no use crying over spilt milk.
It was like a museum of lifestyles in the 18 and 19 centuries.
But, I don't have any friend there so I'm worried about my travel.
Does speaking only improve speaking skill?
With only a small quantity, it spreads and foams easily.
I like the convenience but hope it is safe to use.
I do not know whether it is because I haven't done English exercises for a long time or other reasons, but I just feel unfamiliar with the English words.
I've joined a team where I can learn drawing for free.
And when I was dreaming, I thought my soul was being pulled by a line and flying to the sky, when I woke up, my soul came back.
There were more regret, loss, mistake, repentance, contradiction, indecision inn their young lives resulting from the imperfect ending.
and we found some gravy, but they all were too expensive.
Conspicuous vs Noticeable
Dangerous!!!
The building is very beautiful.
Start to read with different views.
We also played soccer and baseball.
For example, Japanese may be difficult in terms of respect usage such as the humble forms.
It is growing warmer because spring is coming.
Yesterday was a National holiday.
When I was working at the office, I felt the earthquakes.
One of my roommates recommended this website to me.
I studied it for one semester, but there is one year left for me to study in college, so it's a pity that I have to drop it and spend all the left time on English to pass the CET6 because I need the license to find a job.
I translated it directly from Taiwanese into English.
I was a cartoonholic.
Because I had a good time during my childhood even though I was a key kid.
I am 20-year-old guy and a university student in Tokyo.
It was very difficult and I couldn't do it very well,
it was bad, but I learned somethiing today.
Please recommend:)
Everyone has a funny or interesting incident when he or she was
Many children wait for Christmas day which is on Dec 25th.
We threw her a birthday party.
I wanna, at least participate with something, but I'd rather have something good...
I want to recommend a heart-warming movie staring Robert DeNiro to all of my online friends, because it can make us reflect on educational perspective, parent-child relationships, and so forth.
But I'm into this completely and I like the story they told us together with it.
It is said that this typhoon is similar to the 'Isewan Typhoon', which occured 50 years ago.
Because normally this county has no rain throughout the year, all roads and buildings were built with no consideration of rain.
What happens when it rains in this country is it causes leaky roofs, floods, and traffic jams.
oh ~ ~ ~ late--!!! I was sick last week-.-!! Unbelievable
I only wish that I could recover from this disease sooner.
The Nepalese sauce was very hot and spicy!!
What would you prefer to learn among aforementioned options?
And then the guid took us to Pattaya.
We did some banana boating, jetskiing, motorboating, parasailing while we were there.
I'm an English learner.
For one of my English classes, we will make a newspaper in English.
Actually, I am always very sleepy during lectures in class.
Also, I would love to share some interesting things about my daily life.
What makes me think he is a creative person is the product he came up with.
When I was in China, I could use my cell just like in Japan.
In fact hardly anyone in China owns a Japanese cell phone.
I rode in a night-bus from Nagoya last night, and reached Shinjuku, Tokyo early this morning.
I thought it wasn't serious, and it didn't hurt very much, just a little.
And he told me it might have resulted from lack of the muscle in my knees and recommended that I do regular exercises to build their muscles.
For three years, he murdered 7 women and buried their bodies with careful preparations, and he reportedly has shown little sense of guilt or remorse so far.
What eludes me
The deadline for the resume was yesterday and I'm going to make a presentation next Friday.
At that party,_ I found out many coworkers are thinking about their careers.
As I mentioned above, it may be one of the characteristics of Japanese office that they are very crowded.
I was born in Ooita prefecture which is in the Kyusyu (Kyushu) area of Japan.
After that my family moved to Chiba because my father was transferred.
I thought ``Hey, you wanna make me angry?
I don `t know Final Fantasy.
I referred to ``Majicon`` in yesterday's entry. (
The sentence forced them to pay compensation and prohibits them to produce, import or sell Majicon.
I expected that there were some people who were against this sentence. However, there were more opinions which were against it than I expected before I read it on net.
I feel sad to think that DQ9's release was postponed due to them.....
It is interesting for me to use this site.
If my English skills will be better, I want to use this more.
My English skills poor, so please collect my jornal.;)
I haven't seen every episode of Bones yet.
Repairing Computer
I work for a lubrication equipment trading company so I often write emails in English.
But my friends went to their hometown.
This is my first diary entry after a long seperation.
Japanese people are struggling to save energy this summer because several electric power plants are not operating right now.
Goya, or bitter gourd is a kind of summer vegetable in Japan.
When I was young my mother put a Goya dish and I always frowned while eating it.
Are there any bitter vegetables like that in your country?
The first dream which you have on the first of January is important here in Japan.
Unfortunately, I had a bad dream.
You've screwed up everything, you know! ``I coud n't understand what he was shouting and I was just petrified.
Usually Susuki grows in the wild, and many Japanese people can enjoy the typical autumn scenery in nature.
But, I changed teachers soon.
It was a busy 30 minutes.
This photograph was taken by me several years ago.
It was really great to meet them, simply because, it reminded me of several wonderful memories of the time I met them.
Studying IELTS is not a easy job, I having been preparing for almost a year
In the last English lesson, the instructor showed me this site.
It's a youthful movie.
When I got into Dinosaur class this morning, I opened the door......
The first one I made was I hoped everyone could have good health.
The second one was that I hoped everyone could remember me after I leave.
I don't have a place where I can sculpt, so I make things by papier-maches.
My head itches.
I'm wondering if there is something I could do for victims of this disaster.
My job, working in a cafe in a department store, was busy.
This is my ninth entry.
I wonder if I can continue to write in this diary, but I will try.
The Heike people were defeated and disappeared into the sea: samurai,
a Buddhist temple (Amidaji) near the sea to ease the Heike's spirits.
performing poems and playing the biwa (a kind of guitar) and his best
She is bright like the sun, athletic, positive.
I can see the ocean every morning because my university is near the ocean,
I think we have fewer holidays than other countries.
But I can't decide what to cook.
This website is written by a member of a Japanese economic think-tank, so the contents of the website is related to the economics, and all contents are written in Japanese.
You are too concerned with what was and with what will be.
Now the olympic game is being held, and whenever I see the elected athletes from all around the world, I think this documents really suit for them.
The weather is ugly today.
The course itself is dull while the teacher is more boring.
Well, I didn't like the teacher neither, especially today.
After two classes, our task was finished so we went back to our campus.
That means I can't go to the huuuuuuuuge summer sale once in six months which is right now at some wonderful and famous shops in Tokyo.
Omgosh, it's killing me..
Actually, one of the my foreign friends had never known about certain grammatical terms such as ``phrasal verbs`` or ``prepositional verbs`` before I asked him.
So I guess it would be difficult, of course, but I don't think ``it would be impossible`` to think in English.
I only earned 500 yen (5-6 dollars) with that in a month.
``what is your strong point?``
Today, I tried theTOEIC test.
He got a holiday before GW because plane tickets are very cheap.
I don't get a holiday before GW!
When She was working near the Uno port in Okayama she met the sargent of American air force during World war 2.
but we. couldn't usually have conversations.
In my book, they say that in Okinawa many people live until 100 and more years, is it true?
Of course Mickey, Minny Donald, etc. were also there.
I'm living in Yokohama (next to Tokyo), working at game machine maker.
I'm writing a manual for installation, maintenance or conversion.
My university doesn't provide us with a good environment for studying.
I was very disappointed.
It is a university in America but there is a campus in Japan.
Yesterday I put up the Christmas tree.
when my daughters were much younger, I felt it was too big a tree,
Because my daughters can do it themselves.
But I decided to keep it every year, even if they leave in the future.
I am hooked on vegetables
On Wednesday I was sad.
We were looking around the market.
This is particularly in Japan.
But when I went to university I learnt that English was especially important for my future.
I can give my opinion in simple words, write, (with mistakes, of course), and understand other people if they don't speak too quickly.
I learned it is important to believe each other and to make a good partnership.
First, we are reading a book about stock for beginners.
There are two kinds of people in this world..
Today was another horrible day at work.
PS: Rewiriting or reorganizing my sentences would be nice if need be, thanks.
I guess I'm too young, but I want to learn English very much!!!
I don't think I make any progress at all.
I enjoy studying English now.
Anyhow, let's pray for him because he died from the pressure of the mass media.
My first diary
Thank you for reading my diary!
However, this trial account is even more inconvenient than the Korean WoW server trial account.
And, I can only make a n original character race such as human and orc, etc, but I can't create a race from the expansion pack such as Dreanai and Blood elves.
First, I would type Torquay, after of all, there are some unnecessary characters, 'r'.
Hello!!
Now, I'm styudyng Korean in Seoul.
I have been studying English in another country before.
Writing, Reading, Talking, Grammar, Listening, or Pronunciation?
She is really beautiful, attractive, and fluent in English.
She is the one who really encourages me to work hard in studying English. When I see her acting in movies, I feel that it is possible to master English if I try hard.
Laterly, I feel very, very boring and upset when I have to study. I dont know what's wrong, it is just boring!
Why is 'on' used in this sentence?
My favorite bands are Dream Theater, Yngwie, Steve Vai and also like Bullet for my valentine these days.
The differences between ``(journal)`` and ``diary``
A week later, I am absolutely disappointed and desperate.
Instead, the hair designer ruined my hair.
If I get PR (Permanent Residence) through RSMS, I need an IELTS score of 4. 5 (overall).
It is a famous method also in Japan.
Summer vacation for the elementary school that my kids go to will be over at the end of this month.
I finished the test!!
I'm very very tired.
When I heard that news, I couldn't believe it.
I bought some fruits and drinks for her in a supermarket near my house.
It made me nervous, but it was finished so easy and early.
I'm looking forward to going there but forecast says it'll rain both on Saturday and Sunday.
It's raining.
I want to go home but it is raining.
Damn!
I left my family when I entered college in Tokyo.
I moved to my next apartment when I graduated from college and entered my current company.
cause and because how are they different?
and if you have some examples and can give me some sentence using the two words that would really make me happy. Thank so much.
And I think it's one of the best dramas that I've watched.
And I love when he plays the violin ^ ^
Because I hadn't thought about it before.
I read books on the couch outside, had breakfast and lunch by myself, worked for my professor on my laptop in my room, took a nap for 20 min and played basketball between study time.
I thought Pruett's house is the best environment for improving English because a lot of students visit their house and I can talk with them naturally very often.
Yesterday I had an entrance ceremony for graduate school.
Today, there are many useful tools on the Internet.
I performed SAMULNORI at school with (some) Vietnamese people.
In the afternoon, although I am not a Christian, I went to (the/ an) international church in Vietnam.
There are many tasks coming due.
Rooney is wonderful!!
Nobody opposes her topic, on the other hand, someone could oppose my topic; for example, if you have a friend who didn't drink, this person can be checked instead of a driver-something like that.
If she wants to make a speech about not drinking and driving, she needs startling reasons.
We are not crashing the office or anything, but we just feel freeer than usual.
All last week I was dreaming about stretching out on sand at a seashore.
Yesterday was my friend birthday
We are best friends because we have the same spirit of a social-worker and we share company problems with each other.
However, I have to write about social problems for an English exam; it is called IELTS.
I remember my friend whom I met last Sunday in church saying, '' I'm only a newcomer (as well as me), so the thing which I should do is doing things which faced on me, I think. ''
As soon as I woke up, my little daughter asked me, ``What's for breakfast today?`` I was thinking for a while and then replied to her, ``Let's make pancakes!`` We then took a bag of flour out of the cupboard, and a carton of milk and one egg out of the fridge.
This is my fifth daily in English!
It was hard to write the daily for me because I have been learning English for a week.
Recently, I bought an iPhone.
I installed some useful applications, such as classic books for kids and dictionaries.
but the episodes are saved on the recorder.
Second, they usually have tattoos on their back, so if you want to know whether a person is a Yakuza or not, please go to an onsen together to check if he or she has a tatoo.
Not all people who have tattoos are Yakuza.
On Sept. 20th I went to Haneda airport early in the morning with my daughter and her husband.
We were very disappointed and we had to change our plan.
My One of my best Aussie (Australians call themselves Aussie) gave me that nick name.
The relationship in the story is very complicated but the story reflects a lot of actual things.
He earnestly took arithmetic and Japanese class.
He excused his manner, but I didn't accept it.
I complained to him too much.
Tomo-chan ``wears`` the laundry basket like a backpack, and says, ``I'm a turtle.``
The Japanese Ministry of Aguriculture recommends for the Japanese to eat breakfast until 9 o 'clock, so I tried it.
scrambled egg with mushroom sauce, pumpkin and asparagus salad, miso soup, rice and a tangerine
Now, I only make a lunch box and I pack it with a banana in the morning.
I always go there by car with my. husband.
Buying groceries for 7days, the luggage is very heavy.
On the way home, It's difficult to control the bike because of the heavy. luggage.
Especially, I wanna ride on a roller coaster.:)
My daughter always wears a one piece dress.
Some customers thought that I had a baby, because I had professional knowledge better than most mothers.
The doctor took my temperature, but it was only 36. 5 degrees Celsius.
It was raining and cold.
Don't regret (it), just do it!
Today I'll focus on my balance.
I want to write and speak in nglish fluently, because my dream is move out to the UK.
I am so surprised when I read those statistics stated above.
In my opinion, you are very busy studying and working a part time job, so you don't have enough time to look after a dog.
For example, although ``Annie Laurie`` is known as a nostalgic song (?) in Japan, all the people (or everybody) in other countries may know it only as a love song.
Japanese people often import songs from other countries, and change their lyrics to suit the Japanese people (or market).
The lyrics talk about trekkers on the mountains who climb the ``Nihon Alps (high mountain ranges in Japan)``.
Writing in english is fun for me.
This band is definitely on top of its game: a handsome frontman, a magical guitarist and along with a bunch of Grammy-award winning songs have gained them international reputation.
The guitarist Johnny did the best in defining Coldplay by his ``outer space`` playing style, which is simple but awesome.
Normally, many bands '1st albums are full of noise and aggressive grooves telling how they are so tired of their own lives.
I am going to Seattle this summer to meet a highschool classmate.
I have no idea where to visit in Seattle.
I want to make many friends.
Hello! first, I introduce myself.
I failed in job hunting, and I realized ``I don't have the talent and skill.
I'll choose the heart.
It is one of the leading hospitals specializing in cancer treatment and cardiovascular disease nationwide.
The main hospital of Samsung is located near Ilwon Station in Kangnam (Gangnam), and we have 10 branches of the hospital in Asia.
Currently, more than six thousand employees are working at Samsung Medical Center, and they are very active.
My hospital is very supportive of me, and promising.
In these two days, a Japanese teacher taught us, but in the next two days, a native English speaker will teach us.
I awoke because of a big pi-ki-ji-sound.
Though the space project is good, I sincerely hope for the research to cure cancer and tinnitus will soon beas soon as possible.
I could choose between teaching my cousin English or selling umbrellas with my grandparents.
Every time I teach him, it drive me crazy! So, I chose to sell umbrellas with my grandparents and they agreed.
Because I didn't know how to sell umbrellas, I sat on the chair and looked at them.
I finally understood that selling umbrella required a lot of information, and I found it difficult to make an umbrella.
A lady asked me which one she should choose, and I didn't know what I should say.
I started learning how to use PCbecause I'm going to get one of qualifications of Microsoft in order to get a job.
The beginner course was too easy for me, but the intermediate one was too difficult for me, but I could enjoy both classes.
It's a big and nice one, but I felt the neighborhood around the skate park was insecure. I often saw police officers around there.
She is a very popular singer in Japan.
But in Canada or other country, students don't seem to work or concentrate on just studying.
If I tried any more, I would have definitely drowned.
As soon as got back home, I went to bed and slept until noon.
We can't afford to support old Japanese people anymore.
Recently, electronic technology has improved so that it is usual for people to have a mobile computer such as a laptop PC or a cell phone.
However, at around 10am, it was just after the listening section, I was deeply disappointed in myself.
I was sitting on the farthest seat from the stereos.
I think they may be feeling insecure about their financial base.
Finding out that all the sprouts had wilted, he gave up taking care of them and he didn't pay attention to them anymore.
I completely forgot to pay attention to them for two or three days.
Do you know ``purikura``?
The main idea was OK, but there were so many inconsistencies.
I left home on my motorcycle and ran to arrive at work.
however, others hold that there should always should be a formal distance between the teacher and student.
I was impressed by the superb scenery there.
I feel sorry for my mum.
My children will participate in their elementary school's sport festival on next Saturday.
On that Saturday morning, my wife and I will get up early because we will make lunch box for my family.
Their fathers usually have camera or a video recorder, and shoot a good scene.
While I was listening to the radio while studying, I happened to hear that song.
Afterwards, I listened to it many times while studying.
That song supprted and encourgaged me while I was striving to pass.
I read an article about people who work at the Fukushima nuclear power plant.
They get only a 1. 5L bottle of mineral water every day.
I think there is a risk from radioactivity.
It was before 7o 'clock but I couldn't get back to sleep.
When I was checking the web site of the local newspaper, I found an interesting article.
I went to the theatre to pass time until my lesson.
Docchi ga anata no usagi desu ka.
Anata no usagi wa docchi desu ka.
In Japan, most Japanese high school students study at their schools for three years.
When they are in third grade. They have to decide which university's entry examination they will take in December or January.
I was supposed to transfer to another line to go back to Chiba prefecture.
I just came from the company. I bought things in the Seven-Eleven in my building before I took a bus.
Although I have a talking dictionary, it is broken, so I can't explain it to you at the moment. Sorry.
I'm want to study abroad, so I want to work more!
By the way, I took the TOEFL last month.
I need to prove my friends wrong with my English.
Because I told my friends that I will definitely speak English like native speaker.
It is difficult to learn English.
Only unmarried women can wear Furisode on ceremonial occasions.
I have to prepare for this celebration because I'm 19 years old now.
So, now, I'm studying a lot of things in the Meisei University library.
What is your hobby?
My hobby is cycling.
And he gave me a necklace as a souvenir.
The names are route 70 and 188.
I already know I need to remember the routes.
But today, I was lucky because I just waited 10min.
The young male doctor I know is only interested in his career.
with sadness, I couldn't do anything well.
From feeling like this, I can't do anything today, and I want people I know
My thoughts and problems are progressing in both good and bad ways
I think they have strong motivation for working and learning but they have no self confidence, so they cannot try getting a new environment.
They should have the power that they can still go to the future even if they failed.
Now my wife is making preparation, making herself up, winding her hair.
We will try to visit an electoric store and a drug store before we go to the firework festival.
Patricks Day, Black Friday and so on.
Let me make a brief introduction of myself first.
My name is Lin but my friends always call me Linny, so you can call me Lin or Linny as you like.
I love English, I hope I can make friends with some native speakers or English learners like myself.
Maybe I have no choice except to surrender.
I went to the library today and borrowed a book!
I'm from China
This is the second time I overslept this week.
I don't think I will be able to spend this summer if there is not an air conditioner. (more natural)
So, I'll try to not use an air conditioner in my house yet.
Did you use an air conditionr yet?
On wednesday, at 5am, I will get up to travel by plane.
But, the books I really liked as a young girl were adventure books.
Anything I read teaches me something: different ideas, new ideas, understanding and knowing how others think, learning about history, scientific discovery, new vocabulary, new sentences...
I will study English tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to Golden Week.
wasting your parents 'money
He was so angry when my husband and I tried to carry him in our arms becausehe wanted to walk wherever he wanted to.
Last Wednesday we went to the playground where we could play soccer there.
(He always sleeps only 3 hours),
I just caught a cold, so I didn't study well.
I felt I wasted too much time.
Some people said that they have a very good weekends.
However, it is colder in January and February...
The water temperature was still warm.
It happens when you don't want to tell a lie, but it's necessary.
Please correct me if I make a mistake.
It was really hot and humid yesterday.
I'm interested in Hawaiian music and Hawaiian language now.
There I will be working as/ will work as a foreman on the construction site.
When we were middle school students, though we had a long vacation but had to make up for the missed lesson.
One thing I leaned there is how to smile in the office, which you use Levator anguli oris muscle when you smile.
When I was sitting on the bench, watching the rain downpour, I thought that this was the first time in decade that I spent time just waiting for the rain to stop
Watching the rain with doing nothing was very comfortable, as my mind washed away.
It's a good chance for me to learn English, and help people who want
Chinese girl, born in Guangzhou and live in GZ
It's cool and clean.
Today, I got up at 7: 30 and ate breakfast, then I washed my face, changed&
I greeted my boss who is in charge of financial department.
Both cases are very stressful.
I bought a text file input machine called ``Pomera``.
I'm appreciative of the improvement of Intelligent technology.
Chocolate, Candy, Cookeis., Japanese sweets...
But in English, does the term... Job responsibility ``really make sense?
What will everyone do tomorrow?
nowdays It's a midern Exam term in kun university
I have already taken the exam circuit analysis.
computer mathematics.
but now I can't sleep,, the reason is maybe I had drunk too much
It'll be morning soon.
I need to sleep, in order to end today (?)
As soon as she entered the room she screamed, looking the wall.
Most of the time I'm not talkative.
Now I'm studying English.
I always think that Taiwan is a country embraced by so many external cultures, so Taiwanese easily accept foreign things.
Even my professor who is from America told us about this situation in class before.
I wonder what you guys think of this phenomenon.
Are Taiwanese xenomaniacs?
That doesn't sound too hard, I could just translate my original report from Chinese (in) to English..
In the depressed end, there are only 594 words in it> <> <> <
Please give me some positive feedback to encourage me ~ I'll be fully energized!!!
The picture was shot in a trip in Thailand last year, me and my friends cheering together ~
I sensed a taste of Japan when I soaked in them. I also increased my love for hot springs!
I have taken on a very important and critical job.
the number of customers reaches 700000.
I hope you will find happiness, because you deserve it
This place has the beautiful sea, beautiful yards/ gardens (?), and delicious seafood!!!
I lived with my grandparents until elementary school.
I was the most popular student among my school classmates because I was the funniest in my class.
I like travel, too, and I am interested in lots of places owing to reading many books.
I need a help to correct my sentences.
Een hartverwarmende video (in het Japans)
If you can't see the ``Ranking`` or ``Footprints`` page (s), please push the 'F5' key on your keyboard to refresh the page.
He painted the pictures that were displayed in Amelie's room.
Do you know ``Amelie``
``Amelie`` is my most favorite movie.
This postcard is the same picture in Amelie's room, of course.
2: In the parallel world, there are NO SUCH THING AS creatures.
When we were all full, the wife told us to wait a minute, because the hairy crab would be ready soon.
Of course, it is very important and I will never deny the party itself.
Look at Anna's notes about her trip to Pradue and write questions for the answers.
This is very famous Buddhist sentence.
The horn of a rhinoceros is just one& strong, meaning solitude and strength.
Actually I don't know
It's because I went to bed at ten last night and got up at five.
I was watching TV and I fell asleep unknowingly without covering my body with a blanket.
After switching it, I could not use some of the applications.
This is why I cleaned my room for the first time in 2 years.
There is nothing but rice fields in my hometown, but I feel lonely for
Tourism is not that big in Japan. The Japanese government wants us toproduce things like electronics.
Today there is a drinking party
Yesterday, I worked, in one day, 18 hours.
They chose Bush as their president...
And I think this song lyrics is cute, a little:)
I'm hoping so much he'll became popular in Japan.
With fish or beans, you can taste it better.
No one can expect what will happen. [Now] it's time to rebuild Japan!
He lives in Sendai which has been suffering from the big earthquake.
I don't know why.
Nowadays, I think I have been depressed about studying English and working hard at my office.
Because I haven't driven the MT car since a year ago, my left foot shook.
I can listen to a beautiful song and learn Englsh.
I hope that everyone like me can use this way to learn a foreign language.
Driving License
As I remembered last year I went to take the test for my driving license 3 times.
The first time it went okay. I passed the mutiple choice test then went to the driving test.
Above sentences derive from ``URL``
So, I often go on business trips.
To visit many countries is very exciting.
I think that it is easier to learn French over English because my mother language/ native tongue is Spanish and is similar to French.
About nuclear power generation
stop all nuclear power plants?
As far as Fukushima nuclear power plant is concerned, it operated
My son got the flu last thursday.
This winter (holiday) I tried Acupuncture and Moxibustion to help lose some weight...
But it's an important part of old Chinese medical science.
A man was walking with his black dog.
I attend a class to practice my oral English.
because I met my ex employer when I worked at Jinsoo acadaemy for 4 years.
He is still a mentor to me.
I'm looking forward to getting a free coupon for SC2
A few days ago, I met a friend of mine and he said he will give me a coupon for SC2.
Actually, I really like this game so I thought if it is possible, it will save me money
Sometime, I went to the PC room with my friends to play the game.
I think it's very important to explain my thoughts to other people.
For example, why do I want to be a medical doctor, how much do I study per day and what do I do when I'm tired of studying.
I think I spentd quality time with my friend.
I made it yesterday, however I couldn't eat it completely, so I ate it today, too.
Their parents were younger than me.
Some of the students spoke to me.
And some accessories on my ear and neck ^ ^
<<All school students should study practical skills such as car maintenance, managing a budget, and accounting, along with with traditional academic subjects.
I can clearly remember that day and that moment.
On the menu, I found a ginger-flavored drink without alcohol.
Various types of wind-bells are exhibited and sold there.
We can hear Christmas carols everywhere we go as Christmas draws near.
What will I do on Christmas?
YUKI is only guitar singing.
I want to go todisney land in America and China too.
I was feeling was so happy that I forgot about my cough.
conventional wisdom
On the other hand, they have gone through to the final.
My first diary
These movies were made by Japanese students.
Because today is the day before the holidayfor children.
The rain forest is also an important earth resource.
I will go to a park in the neighborhood near my house to play catch with my boyfriend.
Next term, I will be very busy. I have to prepare for the TEM8 and post graduate examination.
I work at a restaurant as a waitress.
Maybe that is why I'm writing this diary.
Three days after today is the moon festival, and I sincerely hope that I will be able to see the moon hanging in the sky, and smiling at me!!!
I was very happy to hear that and receive her letter.
but exercise is good for our health and help your face look youngerthan you think it is.
Chinese herbal medicine
These days, I drink chinese herbal medicine for health reasons.
3 is a mysterious number.
I hope we can have more chances to see each other, because we are family.
But I am confused cause I have no idea how and what should to do.
This is first time I write diary here.
Today, I wrote a comment to other's diary, for the first time.
I couldn't use Lang-8 for a long time because I was very busy
One of my roommates had an unfortunate incident this afternoon.
But I should find a different way to solve the problem using courage instead of complaining.
I share my many things with her.
So, if you have time, please correct my journals.
Today I left my class 15 minutes before it finished because I had to finish some homework that was due for the next class.
The door was in the front of the class so I had to pass the professor to exit.
I later found out the homework was not due today.
This was because the House of Counselors election was held in Japan yesterday.
On this site, we can build vocabulary and practice dictation.
Now lots of Japanese are learning English on iknow, and if English speakers start to study Japanese there, we will be able to help or cheer on each other.
Each team has its own stadium around Japan.
Sometimes have to work till late, but I really love my job because it was my dream to join this industry (I can watch the newest movies/ tv programs prior to their release!) and my colleagues are all good to me.
I don't know if this character is a penguin.
Even though I was feeling really lazy, I went there.
I dont 'know whether she can remember me or not, anyway I feel happy to see her.
Recently I have been watching American drama ``Lie to me``.
Especially Lightman (He is the main person) speaks very fast and mumbles (not clearly).
I am ashamed that I didi n't write here for a whole week!:(
Does anyone know how to treat this bad illness?. Which illness is that?.
Has anybody seen the film Brazil?
My diary.
It is the first time Iwrite in the diary on this site.
WhenI was a junior high student, I used to write my diary in Japanese and I quit.
After that, I sometimes write my diary in English.
It's instructive for me to memorize words.
I have many friends and when we met last weekend, we were smiling and joking, we had decided that: All will be well!!!
I really hope that our God helps us.
I have become 24 years old the day before yesterday.
Live and learn!
I should learn more and more things.
She baked me a cake and cooked me delicious food like a restaurant.
I'm little shy,_ but it's just that some people don't real know me.
It was funnier was when I was walking in front of her house and I passed by the window where he is placed.
It's simple, friendly, easy, sometimes exciting, and sometimes emotional.
I am studying English.
public lottery
I buy tickets for the public lottery.
If I were to win the lottery, I would want to travel.
yesterday, my skype establishment has no image.
That's miserable.
Therefore, I draw picture with photoshop.
Oh, sorry Ms.
I felt it was difficult.
Second, some countries require children to do military service.
I think that good education is to present many subjects for children.
In Japan, the Emperor declared that we won't take part in any war, so Japanese do not have a conscription.
Japanese children learn about the wars in school, but those knowledge are important history.
Japanese will think that wars are not good, so we do not have to take part in any war in the future.
I am very much confused about can, could will, and would forms.
I'm a university student.
I will probably be exhausted, but it will be exciting.
I usually spend time watching DVD's of American drama to study English.
He made three rules: don't be late, never be absent and do whatever he asks.
From now on, I will put the posting dates as the titles.
Dictionaries define it as something fortuitous that happens unpredictably without discernible human intention.
Finally, I cut my forsythias, my Japanese apple tree, my lilac, and my thuyas.
To achieve a certain goal, we should make an effort even if we are poor, miserable, or the road is hard.
Recently I have been seeking a new job which requires me to use English.
I need to get a high score on the TOEIC test next month on Sept 11th.
This club's name is ``English discussion project by a student.``
I said to an advise,. ``Sorry for the short notice. May I take part in your discussion as a club-member?
Tateishi is a city for blue collar workers who wanna drink alcohol delectably and inexpensively.
I feel my brain has completely switched from English to Japanese mode.
Because I love music I want to understand lyrics.
Because my older sister married an Italian I want to speak with my new brother...
It has a beautiful and magnificent melody and romantic lyrics.
Our teachers gave us 33 words on the board, and let us choose 16 written on the paper, and if four of the words were as same as the ones that they announced to us and they were on one line, we said Bingo.
Then he would go ahead and announce the words until one of us had all 16 words
We had 3 teams competing.
I also want to improve my spoken and written English.
Of course I sympathise with the main character, he was so brave to overcome his phobias.
She took the test seriously because she wants to study fine art in France in the future.
Finally, what I want to say is ``Hang up there!
Today, my teacher told me that this website is good for learning English or other languages.
I feared that she might have investigate whether I was occupied or not.
I was very grateful to the receptionist for talking as if I worked at the office still.
I answered, ``I see.
Even though I called the office at 5pm, the automated appointment system automatically told me that my appointment time was at 8pm.
(When the office are already full of patients, the system doesn't accept me.)
I picked my little daughter up at her nursery school first and I went to his elementary school.
``His fever was 38 degrees C at that time, and now he developed 39 degrees C.
After returning home, I left my little daughter with my husband and took him to his home doctor.
At the office, there were so many patients.
When he listened to my son's heart with a stethoscope, I saw a fresh wound at the tip of the doctor's finger.
I thought that he was working so hard even though he was over 60.
If his fever goes down, (usually his fever goes down in daytime) I'm planning to take him with a buggy.
Cold Weather
In Kyoto, there are many historical monuments, shrines and temples.
After that, I watched the movie ``high school musical`` in my room.
After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images projected rapidly in the sky.
Hi everybody, it's my first time using lang8 to make friends.
Starting tomorrow, I am going to stay in the dormitory of my university for the summer vacation period.
The reason why I decided to stay there, is that I just want to focus on studying my major.
My dream is to be an English teacher AND I am already a junior, so I should prepare not only for graduation but also for the teacher certification test.
Have you already received a call from him?
He's studying Japanese very hard!!!
I sometimes eat it McDonald's.
They started to grow lettuces to use their hamburger in a shop.
Today, I went to a museum for celebrating cultural day myself.
A few days later a beautiful girl appeared at the grandfather's house.
But I wish for you to never look while I am weaving.
They could hear sounds of weaving.
In my recently watched movies, I liked ``Milk`` and ``Changeling``.
Mathematics and the Russian language are compulsory for all of them.
I believe that sincerity could touch god.
enjoy home party sometimes.
My apartment is not so big, so a maximum 4 people was OK.
I was excited about inviting my friends over again.
Nights in Paris are becoming a part of my dreams...
Fall is my favorite season.
First is the color of sky is very beautiful.
Second is the color of leaves is so beautiful.
Because of it, I can't get motivated to study or play sports. It's now clear to me that the most important thing is staying healthy. (-_-;)
I'm always told ``Don't follow strangers whatever happens!`` by my mother and teachers but it was an exception, isn't it?
We had our senior graduation ceremony on March 16th and it was very important for this school.
All students try to study or practice club activities till the ceremony and promise that we'll be the people who contribute to world peace forever.
But, students (excluding seniors) weren't allowed to attend that ceremony.
There were a lot of things which made us sad but we never gave up! For example, we don't have enough electricity because of the Fukusima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster but we try to save it.
Took an Engilsh Lesson.
I'm gonna write a diary about my English lesson yesterday.
My first diary on Lang-8
I learnt about this site yesterday in amagazine.
Lang-8 is introduced as a good site for learning english for free in this magazine.
So, I registered on this site to study english.
But, unfortunately my english skill is poor and not good enough to conduct business.
I would not recommend you to use this word.
On Taketomi-island, we stayed in the Japanese-style hotel and enjoyed swimming in the hotel pool and beautiful sea.
Nowadays one of my British friends want to speak with me by Skype.
I will write it in confusion, and the composition will have never have a theme.
Thirdly, my listening abilities are terrible, so I am afraid of talking to anybody in English.
I also haven't made visible goals to learn English.
I think that when I achieve a higher level, I will not be able to continue learning.
In 'process oriented writing', students are required to revise their draft according to the feedback given by peers and teacher.
Through this procedure, they can improve not only their writing skill but also the communication skills by having various opportunities to interact with peers and the teacher.
Natural order hypothesis states that the acquisition of grammatical structures in a second language follows a predictable order.
She ignored the fact that learners were not ready to acquire the grammatical features she intended to teach.
Before I came to New Zealand, I organised a homestay for only 6 weeks so I have to leave tomorrow.
I got myself a summer vacation by a miracle. (call it a miracle because I've got this kind of vacation for the first time since I became a doctor.)
Lang-8 doesn't send a message to everyone from a mobile phone.
I will send a message and correct everyone's diary tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
Yesterday, I ate sushi first time in my life (I know that is a little shame, because I'm fan of Japan culture and...
Weather is strange sometimes.
In Japan there are some bars or restaurants where you can eat raw meat like Sashimi beef, chicken or horse (but not pork, I think).
They said that comics were less refined than literature books and that reading comics made children less smart.
Teduka was also an eminent doctor, which made the criticism die down.
I wonder if it is a problem I have (I've) had since primary school, and it's probable/ likely that I will need to begin practising.
The goal of this game is to arrange bricks the same as shown in the corner, by picking up, stepping over, throwing bricks, etc.
During this weekend's holidays I had a good opportunity of going a civic concert which was held on a hall in a down town, My sister in law lives in the city though she took part in the concert as a performer.
And I also want to make different friends from other countries.
The 70th anniversary of the birth of John Lennon is Oct. 9 2010.
Speaking of Jojn Lennon, here is ``Imagine``.
It's the last week in my own city, before I'm going to move to a big city to study.
Mushroom-picking was difficult for me.
But purple is different.
Purple is eerie.
She proudly talks to me with a smile or she seriously talks to me, and she looks like a swagger woman.
Every middle school teacher uses this phrase for teaching students the basic structure of English.
And other examples of conversation in reference books are more weird and bizarre.
I will graduate in 4 months. I also need time to improve my english, only do better and I can find a good job.
I love English and the culture of English-speaking countries and also my own language and culture.
in recent personal changes, I have changed my task.
It's pretty exciting!!
Actually, I hate summer because in Japan, it is very hot and humid.
I want to know about your country's traditional New Year's Day.
so skiers from foreign countries came to my town to enjoy the snow.
My hobby is reading historical novels.
Recently, I am interested in the history of France, though the history of Japan and China are my main interests.
Anyway, I'll write about TABLE FOR TWO (which I'm involved in) next diary.
Although it is not a Taiwan's based client, (Chinese client) I can still play it.
Thanks to the public holiday, the restuarants weren't crowded.
It's not nonsense, Navi means butterfly in the movie too
Today, I'll tell you about a Japanese famous comic called ``ONE PIECE``.
For the first 5 minutes, each of us made a sequence by ourselves.
Then each team had 20 minutes to discuss, make a final decision on our team's results. We had to choose one member as our spokesman to make a short speech about our result.
But, it was hard to get that kind of chance because someone would start talking before the speaker finished.
The first time I called, no one answered.
Besides that, two of the many questions he asked me were how I made the number for salary expectation and if that was reasonable.
Also I will help anyone who studies the Russian language!
My friend recommended Lang-8 because he knew that I'd wanted to make a foreign friend and improve my English skills.
Tonight, I walked along the river, enjoyed the wind, and relaxed.
He speaks fluent English, French and not fluent but he speaks good Spanish.
I speak fluent Japanese (yes, I'm Japanese) and ``fluent bad English``...
I got holiday for a five days.
Whenever I needed to celebrate something, I liked to buy shampagne.
What are your favorite drinks?
although the bill is controversial, goverment passed the bill that minors can't play the game during midnight after 29, april, 2011
It is expected to curb the habit of minors who play games for a long time
My daughter is 10 months old.
Jindaiji park didn't seem like a place that is only 30 minutes from Shinjuku, because the area was very calm and has an old traditional atmosphere.
Recently I watched a movie titled ``What happened in Vegas?``
I have some unfamiliar expressions and grammar points.
2) I think this grammar is incorrect, right?
I also drink a coffee that I bring from my office in a water bottle.
``Into the wild``, ``Samsara`` (by) Tomka Michniewicza and the ``Lord of the rings`` trilogy are my favourites.
I try to read regularly.
I Promise!!
To tell the truth, I used to go to the same gym 6 years ago.
Why did this happen to us?
I learned that troubles give us pain as well as a lesson.
Would you visit Nico Nico Douga?
I'm going to meet a new friend that I met at a bar last weekend.
he is from Russia, and is a student at a university in japan.
The TOEFL was canceled due to the earthquake and limited electricity in Tokyo.
JAPANESE PEACE
I'm not quite sure if foreigners make peace signs when taking a photo.
It's interesting.
Long flight
The novels were written in Japanese.
Because I study English these days, I always read children's English books.
While I was alone I was desperately trying to work for a greater good.
That thought made me sick to my stomach.
The words seemed strange or even distant, like they were addressed to someone else.
I wonder, do I really deserve this?
I was so surprised that someone actually thought about me, that I counted somewhere somehow.
I really appreciate everything and I will try to be a better person.
I was trying to change my password for my Hotmail account, but then I couldn't enter my ID even though I remember my password correctly.
I would like to cry. When a customer sends me e-mail to me, how can I get it?
I felt so lonely (facing this day by myself)
I missed my parents and friends.
Happiness is important.
I'm lovin'it!
And, I'm lovin'it.
I seriously need staple foods.
It is one of my favorite quotes.
When will that dream come true?
A few days ago, I started to learn Russian.
I'm learning English because I promised to practice English with my uncle last year.
However, my fridge was almost empty, so I needed to go shopping.
I am attached to my club because I feel warm-heartedness, friendship and affection with seniors, juniors, and companions there.
Anyway, Thank you for reading my writing, and I think my writing has many, many, many errors.
Perhaps you know, that was because there is a story that an earthquake will happen in Aichi or Shizuoka prefecture.
because I can't go outside so maybe I'll study math, society and histroy
I would like to have a friend like her (* ^_ ^*)/
And then, I ate lunch and went to English school.
After the dentist checked all my teeth, one of the dental hygienists cleaned my teeth and scraped some tartar.
I want to watch this movie in theIMAX 3D theatre,
So, unavoidably, I will watch it in Ilsan (Which located near Seoul) this weekend, but I wonder whether it will still be screeningthen.
I think the all children love today too.
When I was a kid, the happiest day was Chinese new year.
Needless to say, it doesn't matter what color you are or which nationality you are because color is just a concept and we are all special, but sometimes it seems to be a little hard for us to understand and acknoledge differences because of the lack of the oppotunities to interact with people of other nationalities.
I saw my class is very funny.
They were always yawning and their faces looked like they were miserable and bored.
Looking for a Roommate and a Stadium
Also, looking for a roommate is a sort of frustration.
However, it's not easy to find a good friend (roommate).
Today is application day of& nbsp; theTOEIC Test.
The effect of Global warming causes this abnormal weather.
I was startled but then noticed that she learned the phrase from a children's TV program that introduces classic Japanese poems and literature in a memorable way.
He died early (around 29 years old), but he did a lot of things to change Japan.
Then, my daughter said with smile that she was looking forward to the next day because she didn't know what would happen.
It's amazing that they held a concert in Taiwan.
In Taiwan, not a lot of people know them, so when they came to Taiwan, I was so excited!!
I hope other foreign musical groups, can always hold concerts in Taiwan!!
I found the movie mature and really touching.
I think I am fat, I should do exercises and eat more healthy!.
I'm study in the University of Arts of my country, I'm learning song lyrics!.
I have a two best friends, they are great girls!.
My family is very very big, although currently living in my house is, my dad, mom and my sister.
Today, I am going to Sapporo for shopping.
And none of them are even pretty! It's only the ugly men who want to meet you!
Amazon has started the bookreader's business.
A friend of mine and I didn't have enough time to prepare for this trip, so we booked a bus tour to see The Great Wall.
She is a very kind person, and is always willing to help people who need her help.
I think friendship is the dearest possession of one's life.
He introduced me to this site and told that I should try it.
I also logged in Skype again, but I just don't know what to write today for I haven't kept my diary updated for such a long time.
I received a postcard from my old friend.
I planned to visit Singapore in the middle of May.
Until recently those were only used by housekeepers and the industry sector.
Now that the flu news spread all over the world Mexicans are treat like leprosy.
Rachael '.
In addition, Rachael had been pregnant by Ross who is one of the other friends and ex-husband of Rachael.
``Staying healthy is most important in our life.`` I totally agree.........
I'll do the laundry and clean up the room.
But I can't return to the nice rhythm of life.
So what should I do?
Actually I really appreciate him because I knew he was always taking care of me and trying to encourage me, and he did his best for me.
I think my speaking ability is getting bad.
The teacher was my husband's boss 'wife.
Who can tell me how I can improve this ability?
(I accept recommendations for places or courses:D)
I will start to try writing entries in English.
Time flies away. Half of my vacation has gone by. I travelled and spent a lot of time with my family and friends... Now I have just one month to relax and do something I really want to do.
Therefore, I am trying to decide how to spend the rest of my vacation. Should I do an internship or just stay at home and learn something? Actually, I want to do both of them, but it is hard to do two things at the same time. If I do an internship, when I come home, I will be so tired and exhausted that I won't be able to study.
Okay, I found the solution... Maybe I should try to improve my English during the rest of my vacation.
During two weeks, I ate lunch in our workplace.
I have asked my teacher this question.
I think this is one of the strangest things in Japan.
It would be very kind if you could check my grammar and vocabulary for me.
My answer is absolutely ``yes``
They, (people), do not just suddenly come up and become your friend.
Of course sometimes we fall out over some small thing, but we understand what kind of personality each of us has, and so we can soon make up again.
I think the meaning of a real friendship to me is, whatever you decide, friends should always respect your decision, whenever you need help, they should always try to help you, or ask someone else to help you, and wherever you are, your friends should always be in your heart.
I'm watching The Simpson's family on TV now.
The Simpsons is an animated film.
My purpose of learning English is to study abroad.
How am I memorizing words?
First, I read the textbook of English words and check unknown or vague words.
``Again`` cards are checked repeatedly everyday.
But I recommended her to see a doctor before it gets any worse.
I read a sentence.
I am at Changi air port.
Please check my diary!!
My mother-in-law sent me a text message which said ``Happy birthday to you!
He wants to give me a surprise, I guess.
I will probably get something delivered.
And I don't understand the difference between ``my mind`` and ``my feeling``.
But in the US, we celebrate new babies before they are born and it is called ``baby shower``, isn't it?
The following is just something I heard from Korean radio program.
Unfortunately, she loves cats.
They are going to pay up to $ 2500 to patients if the patients qualify.
So, the way things stand now, we don't need to be so careful when we walk around outside.
Even in the center of the city, I've hardly ever seen someone commit a crime.
So, they are fulfilling their responsibility to help this country be secure.
And also, the tender and calm disposition of Japanese people contributes to safeguarding this country's security by adding a synergistic effect along with the steady support of police.
It would have been an honour and pleasure to just to be on TV alone, but they also kindly offered to pay me.
I changed to playing volleyball. Some classmates were there already.
Tanabota's probability is supposed to be very high tonight, because on the night of July 7 we celebrate Tanabata Star Festival.
To my regret, I drank all my medicne. So, I'm going to eat some hot things.
I couldn't go ahead because they had been waiting to pray for a long time so we also had to wait for a long time.
While I waited to pray, I felt so cold.
After I prayed, I went a cafe restaurant and drank a coffee.
I hated English at school, because. I failed the exams.
The students who cannot come to school will be behind.
Jazz concert and New York
``I don't know the difference between US English and British English.
Sometimes, I wonder if it's too difficult for American people to understand British English or for English people to understand US English. ``
``I cannot differentiate if it's US English or British English everytime I listen to someone talking in English``
So many things have happened since I last wrote in my diary on December 14th, 2010.
Careless me
It could be a good resource to make a money.
When I was a high schooler, I studied English to prepare for college entrance exams.
I used a running machine and ran a long time.
I completely feel like dieting is not easy. Hahaha ^ ^;;
How can I study well with this health problem.
At the beginning of this vacation, I had a detailed plan: sleeping time, study time, everday workload...
It seemed to be favorite content for girls, because it was composed basically of the love story.
I went to the concert of the circle held in Kyotanabe campus at Doshisha University last Saturday.
This is my first diary
We met with our relatives and talked to each other a lot, as well as cooked and ate a delicious meal together.
It is difficult to create a story quickly.
They proved to be congenial partners, and they gained both a nice song and true love.
It didn't matter to him if the others didn't understand, it was enough if just the woman knew.
In my company We work at an agricultual facility to store rice until the harvest time.
So I worked there over night.
My first diary.
It's an important message, isn't it?
The massage fee is very expensive, but I will go there again.
So please add me as a friend and help me improve my English.
Today I did away with some of my clothes and accessories.
Just to make my muscles a bit more stretchy.
I'm a graduate student in Japan, I use English everyday for reading papers of my major and speaking with foreign researchers, so I have to build up my English skills.
=> I live in an apartment.
Do you think apartments are the safest housings?
I can listen to music, take pictures, draw a picture, play games, plan a course, check weather, etc.....
Lang-8's update information.
I hope these documents can help or what else do I need to do? Also, I'd like to know if the hospital where I'll take my exams is part of your coverage, inasmuch as I already have an appointment to do these exams this Wednesday at 8: 30 am, Thanks for helping me.
I organise these classes by myself at the local community center.
Maybe because I can speak English just enough.
Music was great!!
But I couldn't understand what he was saying.
That's doesn't make sense at all...
My listening comprehension has gotten worse.
I never thought that before I came to Australia.
I took my mobile phone out of my bag and tried to push the button to call the police.
The doctor diagnosed my illness as ``noro-virus or rota-virus``.
Some people claim that it is necessary to know what is going on in the public through the infomation listed on advertising.
Thanks to advertisements, humans can gain the latest information efficiently.
As a result, that information brings more comfortable and fruitful lives.
On the other hand, there are many disadvantages to travelling by bicycle.
Firstly, riding by bicycle can be dangerous.
because bicycles don't have roofs, unlike other types of transport.
I had never hospitalized,_ because I had been healthy till then.
First, garlic fried.
Second, sausage fried.
Third, tomato fried.
I went to my mother's home from Friday 11th to 13th of June to particpate in the reunion of my Junior high school class which was held on the night of the 12th.
So I had to leave my mother's home at five o 'clock and take the first train at twenty to six on Sunday morning because my home town is Shimoda, three and a half hours away from the center of Tokyo.
I set my alarm clock for four o 'clock, but I noticed that she had already got up and was doing something in the kitchen (even) before four o' clock!
I knew this because I slept in the room next to the kitchen.
Then she called me from the kitchen ``Are you all right?
fm, but the service is like a textbook, there is no communication.
But I'll have to go to work tomorrow.
I usually think of some Korean sentences I'd like to translate into English while walking alone.
It's organized by four Koreans I've never met before.
If I am free today, there is no problem because it's Sunday.
Because eating eggs is a traditional custom in Chain.
On this day, I can eat a lot of delicious food and get many gifts.
Although we do not together, but he can remember to me, I feel I'm very happy.
I was surprised by it.
Because I feel the cold or.. because I am nesh.
It is famous for its mandarin oranges, rocks and beautiful women.
Stay at home with my son.
I love American movies, and the most powerful thought driving me to improve my English is that one day I will be able to enjoy American movies without chinese translation.
But now I feel I am gradually getting mature. I can now understand and know a person. I will try my best to find a solution to every barrier.
Afghanistan..
but I want to be able to listen at this speed!
A friend of mine told me that it is really catching on.
It looks boring, ha, however I understand how it works to attract men.
Many people smiled and looked at her crawling.
You can get to there in only 50 minutes by ferry from Singapore.
``All inclusive`` was comfortable for us.
We didn't need to be bothered with money, so we tried various cocktails (as many as we liked!) and a lot of excursions, for example snorkeling, sailing and so on.
We found a snorkeling point in a sheltered rocky area just by the beach, so we were able to see lots of fishes.
After snorkeling, we always had sweet cocktails at the beach bar.
Pho is very good.
Fried banana tasted very good.
His condition is obviously bad.
His talent and experience is undoubtedly best among the team.
It was no problem with the group league because Japan was going forward to next round step by step, but now is a tournament.
I think he should be unlisted from starting member once and feel refreshed.
I am going to university
Fighting Against A Sleeper
I try to not to fall asleep but I can't lol I can open my eyes in English calss class, but another classes make me sleep because I'm not interested in them, especially sociology; (Maybe I dislike it in the world.
I attended my all classes.
Yesterday I attended a wedding with my parents.
We did a lot of activities to celebrate the marriage.
However he spent a lot of it for private purposes, and the company found out.
Before this, I thought only a professional could create a game.
I don't speak eanglish very well, but I am trying to learn it.
The job is to let many people know a town's good points, so my employer wants me (us) to appear on the radio to inform the activity.
Though I didn't understand exactly what it was, I understood they celebrated something today.
One of the humorous parts of this book is the gap between the common kid and the Go master.
The treatment finished incompleted:-O My mom was angry too.
I think this web site's idea is wonderful for learning languages and making friends from all over the world.
Short diary
Do you have your profile, where you can write short menssages (at most (?) 140 characters), and that messages will be displayed for all your ``followers`` (people who follow you and have acess to your updates).
And you can read the messages of the people who you are ``following``.
Twitter can bring to you great information (news, reviews of products, constructive opinions) but can equally bring useless garbage like what your ``following`` is doing at the moment (for example eating breakfast, who cares about it?)
Today is July first, and the sun is so strong.
The heat made me remember something from last summer.
It's a little hard.
So, we began to think seriously about the job.
My grandfather is 96 years old.
He also talks about World War 2 (or WWII), recent economic developments in Japan, and memories from his childhood.
She was robbed twice, one of her son married to a caucasion girl, and her credit was terrible.
I saw that the sky was quite blue, and seemed very far.
I want to go to foreign countries.
There were many people who believed it.
I think marriage is a very important family event.
Why do you learn foreign languages?
I've heard the English sound since I was child.
I've wanted to speak English since I was child.
It was vocabulary, grammar, reading, and writing..
I didn't have an umbrella with me, so I went back to my house being drenched with snow.
I would like to read ``NY Times``, ``Wall Street Jurnal``, and ``News Week`` without using a dicitionary and would like to watch ``Roman Holiday`` without Japanese subtitles!
my sadness
I'm a boy in China. Even though I have been learning English for 10 years, my level is still very low. Learning English is difficult for me to some degree.
I'm going to the Aquariam, Museum and Art Gallery with friends.
Yesterday, I couldn't concentrate on my work.
Recently, I have lacked concentration, because my relationship with my partner has become serious.
Hello. It's been a long time since the last time I've been here!
He shouldn't hold mum in low esteem.
My Introduction.
Because It's very fun when I perform at our concert.
But I have a little bit of time for myself.
Please teach me English!
In order to use internet via iPod Touch, wireless LAN is necessary unlike the iPhone.
But now I feel even more willing to continue my studies and finally reach the level of Japanese that allows me to converse with native speakers.
I watched one episode after the other.
Yesterday I went to the New Culture Square to watch the Firework Show with my friends.
but it is so difficult for me.
Generally, stupid Japanese students who are learning English almost can't speak English at all.
To master another language is the most difficult subject out of any other subject, such as physics ormathematics.
Tomo:(Hey somebody please kill this stupid Japanese bitch) Hey wait, you still can 'tunderstand English at all.
Sometimes, we need an explanation about English grammar in Japanese.
Business Trip
I must help with the construction of Chuo Highway.
Both the brighter and the darker side, so I know how desperate I am when someone say something to me, as well as how much I want to give up when I meet an obstacle, in addition to how bad I felt when I was blamed and disapproved.
It's been raining all day today and it's around 60 degrees, which is kind of cold for here.
1st, I listen the dictaition of English book which is TOEIC text with reading it.
I try to practice about five dictaitions every day.
However, I would like to make friends through Lang-8.
Europe, as Motherland of football always have been showing their strengh.
I overslept today.
I also overslept last week too.
On Thursdays, my first class starts from 11: 00am, so I woke up at 8: 00am to go to the university.
I am disappointed with myself.
Chakras are located in each auric body and are responsible of retaining and metabolizing the energy a body needs to work optimally.
Usually the literature about this theme describes chakras from the emotional body as the only existing ones.
In each aura layer, that has one level of specific frequency, we can check the existence of [other/ different] frequency levels from seven chakras.
I am Japanese college student.
I am listening repeatedly to a song in the album
like to listen to YUI, I recommend this song.
It was said that there will be a Gemini meteor shower! I like meteor shower.
Today I ate hamburger with my wife.
I have not ate hamburger for a long time.
In Tokyo, it was snowing.
It was very difficult.
So, I was worrying about the result.
I had a good time and it became a memorable day for me.
I don't have enough time to prepare for the test, but there are a lot of assignments that needs to be done.
So we need to follow nature in a sense
Ever since I was a high school student, I've been playing electric guitar with some of my. friends.
And I think these tastes are greatly influenced by each country's cultural background.
Some Australians actually have been attacking Japanese whale ships using illegal methods such as ramming and throwing chemical bins and turning on water hoses.
Their organization sunk Iceland's whale ship by using underwater mines that are a complete crime.
We had a sports competition at my school today.
as long as I try to do as above, I could achieve it.
But it's I have to use it for writing diary entries.
I sometimes use my English knowledge at work especially when I have
She is a graduate school student at Tukuba University in Ibaragi prefecture and she majors in physics.
She studies global warming in detail, and she has been in Germany since last month.
I am always motivated by what she does.
I studied English on the Internet which by taking English conversation classes through Skype from 11PM-12PM.
I played basketball with my host family's children.
They are 7 years old and 4 years old.
They invited me go to play basketball.
Have a nice holiday, everyone!!
daft punk is really cool
The land of Tuareg extends to Mali, Nigeria and Libya too.
The Tuareg had lot of trouble in Mali, so they had some revolutions there in the 60s, 80s and early 90s.
The group Tinariwen have members from Mali, but the leader lived most of his life in Algerian Tuareg territory after his father was killed in Mali.
Today, I learned cosh.
Yesterday, the weather forecast said it will be 28 degrees in Tokyo on TV.
I like watching and listening to rakugo.
I wanted to tell everyone the magnificence of rakugo...!
Monday, Thursday, and Friday, I have a class in the morning and Tuesday and Wednesday, in the afternoon.
Today, I studied lots of vocabulary, for example the name of food and clothes, in Spanish.
I want to speak English and Spanish and of course Japanese:]
Whatever it is sad to realize, but for the last 4 days, that I spent on this site, in my posts there was only one correction.
Recently I would say that spring is aroudn the corner even though today it is still the beginning of February.
I don't know if this is the bay area's typical climate or if it was a mild winter.
More specifically, nowadays the citizen's levelof education is increasing, whichcontribues to the enhancement of the nation's competitiveness.
Besides, the ever-increasing house prices, economic problems also make modern people feel under endless stress.
In conclusion, if employers can stand at the position the employees, it can reduce their stress, and at least make them feel that what they work for is worthwhile.
The story is interesting.
``He liked the expression of trust on the woman's face as she lay in the water unprotected, exposed and free.``
We don't have articles, prepositions, modal verbs, participles, etc.
His breath was so gentle and he looked so fragile and vulnerable.
I know that I am a bit coocoo haha but it was about...
So, that's it, trauma.
Japanese themselves aren't soo scared, but I am here acting so ridiculous?
I held my breath, looked straight into the screen for hours.
And, at that point, I became brave and ready to go forward no matter what!
Human capital has a high rate of return and positively affects the growth of the economy in spite of the obvious imblance between human capital and physical capital in China.
Countries I really want to go are places near beautiful seas.
I'm not sure that I can write diaries everyday but I'll try and I hope
it was a really hard day for me because of exams anddd quiz as you know...
Actually, I am a little bit worried about the crowded shopping mall, but I still hope I can buy many things at a good value for my money.
Recently, the big event r finished.
I thought of it last month, but I didn't decide at that time because I heard rumours of cheaper Macs.
He said he went home with one of his friends.
His friend had lost an arm and leg during the war.
I am late, but I am lucky. The others didn't leave without me.
My favourite Ramen restaurant
My cousin taught me how to write longer sentences.
She is the biggest pet in my house.
I cannot sleep because of jet lag.
they helped in my physical limitation.
Third, my listen ability is terrible so I am very afraid of talking with somebody in English.
Fourth, I can't use the punctuation in the right ways, so when you read my diary entry you might feel confused.
That's why I read the article difficult. (??)
Seventh, I haven't the visible goals to learn English.
And finally, I think that when I get to a higher level, I won't always be able to keep it up.
I had two bowls of ramen and some rice.
I felt sleepy in the afternoon because my stomach was so full.
Tomorrow, I will practice driving my car with my husband.
So I think that in Japan we should depend on lawyers instead of citizens who are amateurs.
I heard the Eikaiwa school keep opening. So I decided to go to the Eikaiwa school last night, nevertherless the school was closed.
Now I am working in Beijing, and I want to improve my English.
also, l think l made some mistakes.
First I got up late and when I was in a class, the teacher asked me the meaning of a word.
I always think too much and hesitate when I speak in English.
So many people like Japanese!
I'm a beginner in English.
My parents were worried about me because they thought that I may not have been able to get any jobs.
I'm happy that I have a job, but more than anything, I'm happy that I can make my parents feel relieved.
My position is guard ^ ^
It is difficult to study two foreign languages.
My English structure is terrible and a nightmare.
I'm awating the delivery.
However this game is different from any other game.
Because it can be used for exercising.
Using it, I can do yoga, boxing, bowling and muscle conditioning.
However using the Wii I can exercise at home.
If someone is interested in studying in Japan, consider this university!
The complete name is ``Akita International University``!
passionate and got a load of energy..
I used to read his picture book when I was a child, and I am still interested in his drawings.
He wanted to see Big Budha in KAMAKURA and eat green tea icecream again.
It would be more joyful if there were some pretty visitors here.
I also imagined that I was a CEO of big corporation but I went to work in orange shorts on a GT bicycle.
I'm really a crazy person.
I like to play on the guitar, draw and play volleyball
Peter's stupid jokes always amuse me.
When I was an elementary school student, I had homework everyday, especially to read Japanese text books to parents and give some comments about the reading.
My favorite food.
It is used as a medicine for India.
Because during high school, students have to study under a tight schedule.
She finished the language earlier than me.
Usually Japanese don't talk aloud about personal financial condition or appearance.
The other day, one of my students said that he thinks the woman who likes rich men is a realistic and steadfast person, because rich people can be happy in reality.
A roommate of mine turned on the music loudly and that is what woke me.
My favorite place to relax
It is so comfortable.
My dear daughter, I wish you health, luck, happiness and love.
Nowadays l 'm studying English very hard.
The main reason I am learning English is so that I will be able to speak it.
Last Saturday Night's Illness
MANY PEOPLE ARE IN HARD SITUATIONS!! ``But almost nobody donated.
So I guess the students got a few thousand yen.
please become my friend.
This is a book about trips in Thailand.
Poznan's championship
I volunteer to help organize the canoe sprint championship from 26. 8 to 30. 8.
I think that we (the sportsmen and I) could talk about rowing, canoeing and sport overall because in junior high school I trained in rowing and generally speaking I'm an active person:)
He can speak French so fluently!
I payed too much tax, so the money will return to me by applying it.
I belonged to english speaking circle last autumn.
I really prefer to stay in a room because I think it's more comfortable to sleep on bed than on the ground.
I'm from Japan.
I had been writing daily, but there was a webpage error.
I think we all want to pay attention to this traditional festival but we can't because the government won't permit it.
-We think the house will be comfortable.
He was the only one who graduated from university in my hometown. (Not sure what the latter part means...)
Thank you from my heart, my good example.
After eating lunch, we went to household appliance store to see smart phone.
Docomo started a campaign and I can buy smartphone cheaper than usual if I buy it during August.
The bus is the cheapest way to travel.
I like the atmosphere of this town.
I'm writing from my room.
Today, 18 October
Though I've thought this word means ``interesting`` or something like that because of its picture form, this word actually stands for ``Laugh out loud``.
Today I'll just bitch a little bit about my assignments, which, by the way, are due tomorrow morning.
Let's grab another nice cup of coffee and keep on going.
Now, my father is in the hospital because he has a mental disease.
but I worry about if she will not be to collapse.
I'm chatting with my international friend on facebook.
I was so surprised when they served kimchi and beansprouts as appetizer because they served just a piece of kimchi and two or three pieces of beansprouts.
After that, when I was in middle school, I began to learn it again.
I think the language is too difficult to learn,
Because, I had just gotten my results and thrown them away.
Please teach me I can't seperate them
Technique in learning language
What is your technique in learning the language you are interested in?
My English is on the basic or intermediate level so I need to increase my vocabulary.
I don't know how to learn a language well.
Yesterday I got a mail.
It's about a celebration in the Faroe Islands belonging to Denmark.
The celebration happens every year in the Faroe Islands, some young teens kill calderon dolphins to show that they are adults and mature.
It came up to me, and I didn't avoid it.
Today, I've went to Tokyo Disney Land with my wife and daughter, though the weather forecast had warned of heavy rain in the area through the day.
Due to the weather, there were fewer people and we could enjoy more attractions than usual today.
That cafe was so great.
I remembered the time of my middle school age, at that time, there are (were) two trees in my home yard, one is the peach tree, the other is the pear tree.
Taean is a peninsula surrounded by beautiful beaches and ocean.
Please let me know the tracking number!
In my opinion, you cannot learn a new language or even travel through the world, which is my dream, if you don't know how to speak in english corectly.
This is my first time to attain Lang-8 so now I just say Hi to everyone who study English and who are native English speakers.
FLY I am now preparing for IETLS, so in the future I will show my IELTS Task 2 writing and I will be very glad if people give some suggestions to improve my writing.
I am a college student at Osaka university.
Please correct my poor English.
Thanks to Lang-8, people who come from different countries can change languages and communicate with others.
Just so you know, I'm having some difficulty learning English.
Till that day, I had studied over and over again.
Especially the scene where& nbsp; LA is& nbsp; totally ruined. It& nbsp; was very very awesome and fantastic.
Of course, I tasted all of them out of curiosity, and the taste of 'Super White Tuna' was quite unfamiliar to me.
When people eat this fish, it causes diarrhea, as the oil from the fish comes straight out without being processed by the body.
After I went to the restaurant, I am sure I got a stomachache.
However, I am not sure whether the cause was the Super White Tuna or overeating, because it was a buffet-style restaurant.
This fish lives in the Pacific Ocean, so you can go to South Korea or Hawaii as well as Japanese restaurants in North America.
I'd rather focus on how to correct the problem than focus too much on the mistakes, and blaming myself and others.
Hello, my woderful friends..
What a unforgettable day!
But I have been continuously woken up by aftershocks.
I think this is what is called psychological torment.
Even though it will take about 5 hours by car, I hope I can enjoy it and release the stress from the test.
whenever I see her, I decide to go on a diet.
on the way home, the wind hit my cheets again, and I jumped into my bed.
Nice to meet you.
I wanted to study today, but I couldn't because I have a bad headache.
Anyway, I went to Japan 3 months ago.
I'm worrying about two things.
Another is the expensive tuition fee of the business schools.
But I know there are a variety of options for studying in the United States, such as participating in executive programs.
Even though it might be hard at first, I try my best to fix my troublesome characteristics.
Isn't it a time to change my old, slow and accurate style into a fast and inaccurate one?
And some of the students do work hard usually.
So that they can compete for scholarships.
I shouldn't have eaten the sweet bread..
Due to it, it took me a long time to get out of the airport.
I had an orientation there and sent e-mail.
I dealt with my luggage for a while, then joined them in the living room.
She asked, ``Is this your boyfriend?`` pointing at one of the photos.
She also said, ``You can find a new boyfriend here!``
Recently, one US dollar equals 78 yen.
I thought perhaps that they were junior high students.
Time always passes quicker than I think so I just want to have the pleasure of time being a student, and time with my friends, whatever that is!
I just felt an earthquake right now while I was writing this entry!!
Scary!
I'm a sunshine boy. I live in SuZhou. it's a beautiful city. our city is famous for its traditional garden.
we have many delicious food
help me to learn English in a short time!!!
Actually, my English is not good. So,_ I came here to improve my English.
I think that I am a friendly girl, and I want to get more knowledge from here.
In addition,_ I want to make more friends here.
now I'm considering which countries I'll go to.
and this vacation is almost one month long, so I want improve my english level.
I wanna send a message saying ``Thanks for correcting`` and ``goodpoint for correcting``, but I have no idea where to click on my page...
enjoy the time left, may you come across your happy-rough life safely.
Just 10days have passed since the massive earthquakes and TSUNAMI hit the north east district of Japan.
There still remains frequent aftershocks.
This disaster must change our way of living and thinking because we realized that we have to live with limited energy and resources.
I wonder if we will have to get away from Fukushima prefecture for a long time in order to avoid radiation, but I'm quite convinced that Japan will rebuild our prosperity even though it will take way too long.
It's saving grace that we still have strong unity among Japanese especially those who are young.
First of all, the colour is Crimson or Red Brown.
Gothic font is very clear and elegant,
I especially like OHNOkun, who has stolen my heart since about 2years ago.
He is so talented and so sweet.
I found out about this site from ITmedia's article.
They shut down the factories and laid off laborers/ workers.
I couldn't read the book black boy yet, and I have to write this diary.
AA company informed us that they launched a PC e made of full aluminium for power users.
I feel the freedom and proud of my achievement.
A lot of people will suffer from obesity due to their sedentary lifestyles. Some humans will have the ability to read other people's minds.
Beautiful flowers, beaches, and it is peaceful!
Not only Bob but also Patrick!
I went to hang out in Shinjyuku city and met a cool guy who seemed to be involved in hiphop so I approached him and he said
Probably because it is different from Japanese culture.
My favorite book is ``little prince``, I wrote about it earlier.
Also, I want tell about my favorite season.
Specifically: I am a moody person, and of course my emotions often are connected to weather.
My grandparents and friends live there, and of course I miss them, and am glad see them
and thirdly: in summer I can do everything, that I could not doin all year.
Also I like autumn, but I like it only in Peterburg, because I am sure that our city is the most beautiful, when weather is cloudy.
Hello to all young gentlemen and nice ladies.
Have you ever thought about the 'tears of sorrow' of all mothers that lost their sons in the many wars that have no meaning?
``The fundamental Teachings of [Quran and Hadith] Vol. 1& 2 Compiled& Edited by
In the battle, one mighty country planned to attack the other two countries. But the two countries formed an alliance with each other and they plotted, schemed, and used geographical advantage to finally win, even though the ratio of the soldiers in the one mighty country to those in the other two was 800000 to 50000.
Because I thought my bad headache
(I completely got well from my headache)
Student numbers in the countryside have decreased, so schools have been closed.
Even though there are no students anymore, local schools become new community centres for the villagers.
Her words impressed me so much.
Recently, I came to like cooking.
First, nowadays fast food is very delicious.
But I did not think that it was a doll, because it would look very real.
I reviewed the English documents written by co-workers.
Though I was not sure that a native speaker could understand these sentences,
in particular, I was confident of/ about the preposition and article.
Then I will write natural sentences for native speakers.
Until the medicine for yellow fever was invented, there were hundreds of people dying from that disease which could not be cured without drugs.
Lucky him!
I don't know why... Maybe it's because it's 35 degrees C and you can't do anything outside?
I guess FMyLife is a service in the USA.
Muggy Afternoon.
Actually, I was hungry an hour after and ate a bowl of noodles.
If this continues, I think my friends will not recognize me this coming vacation.
There were three times the people than normal, you couldn't even move a little step in the aisle, and the air was dirty and frosty.
Luckily I got one, but it was a seated ticket.
He was a business man, and has big family with 4 brothers and 4 sisters. Just a typo
My training course
I had a training course this summer and I worked in the Council Department.
When I first came, I found it supportive.
I was happy because I was not afraid.
When I didn't understand something, I asked for advice.
He plays basketball with his friends after school every day.
Last year, when I walked around my home, I noticed a small signboard of a Shodou school.
Although I am an English major.
Now my grade is brown belt, the grade before black belt.
Japanese customers who had participated in a travel tour requested compensation from the airline companies.
The clsss was an elementary theory class about DSLR cameras.
I try my hardest to write my diary without using a dictionary.
because it remains so long in my memory.
Mouse likes cheese.
Honestly, I forgot how to spell ``cheese``...
I have a good impression for this movie.
Unfortunately it don't make (manufacture) make-up products.
I knew designers normally need enough, comfortable space for not only their work but also for their sensitivity. (Sensitivity?)
[Help me OTL] Part time job:) What's OTL?
I worked at a one day part time job as a waitress for an Italian restaurant.
I didn't work much because the restaurant manager is my neighbour.
so the manager gave more work for the other part timer to do.
Well, it seems like nobody wants to comment on my diary lmao.
You've might have heard of the title because this book won the CARNEGIE MEDAL instead of Harry Potter in 1997.
The sea means goal for each person.
We have a small garden with lots of plants so
People who don't know manners like you deserve to die soon.
Today, I have started ``Lang-8`` because I found this site in a column in today's newspaper.
I called our gas station.
This ceremony promotes hope, dream and peace.
I have been there five times, but it is different colors every year.
Saga is a nice province.
I live in Tochigi. Saga is far away.
In Saga, I do not have an Internet connection.
Thankyou in advance.
An explanation of 'MOE'
Tashiro was arrested again in possession of cocaine.
pollen allergy?
Once I started studying Economics, it turned out to be interesting.
Homecoming visit
I will read a vocabulary, and read how to write letter, and how to read very well.
We haven't practiced our 3 songs in the studio together.
To be honest, I don't want to be part of the live performance... because there is one song that I don't want to sing...
We will practice in studio for the first time to prepare for this live performance because we have no time before the performance.
It was refreshing.
Because a dog is more cute, pretty and it is more loyal than cat as well.
For example, masturbation..
I bought a new badminton racket yesterday.
I like needlework very much, so I was excited to see these many shops and materials.
Of course, most of the visitors were old women:-))
I knew his answer. That was what I thought.
So I registered.
Maybe it'll make me poor in the coming 4months.
I spoke with my friend who comes from England...
I am proud that I have such a friend, who knows alot of English and can travel to England along with other countries.
Now, I am working at LG Chemical Research Park in Korea,
I designed control logic design at graduate school,
my major and I can't learn about my major.
but it is an electric vehicle and it will take a few years to
I've already had a can of beer so I want to go to sleep.
That really makes me feel embarresed, I act like a retard.
In the past I seldom felt in the same situation, I could go straight to the answer or explain things in reasonable way.
I told him the problem is that Korea's [/ RED] educational policy focuses on the grammar, rather than listening and speaking.
For instance, there are more than 50 dialects in Liberia, and that's why they have strongly felt it nessasary to lean English.
I am a captain of the team.
After playing footsal,
He was naive and self-centered
The prescription contains liquorice and other kinds of medicated herbs.
Anyway, today was too cold for October!
My favourite sport is basketball.
Because of volleyball is not popular and difficult to find the space to play.
Basketball, as well, is dificult to find the place to play but I love it.
Yeah, it has became a fun way for me to learn English, which I can appreciate their wonderful content and learn some unseen structures of English.
Next saturday, I'll go to see a consultant on a studying abroad.
Many words I have forgotten. When I read books, many words look very familiar to me but I can't remember what they mean.
I am not romantic, so my wife always say that I should be more romantic.
On holidays, he walks around the riverbank for his health.
I really appreciate it.
After work, I went to the only Daiso in Canada.
But here the price is two dollars.
I felt reluctant to buy some stuff.
But last Wednesday, I learned by Internet that Kagrra's concert was canceled because there was a problem with some visas. U__ U
I have to take my tickets back tomorrow, because Kagrra's organization will give a refund.
I need to take over my team leader's job because she needs to take some time off to prepare for her baby's arrival.
Every day, I need to forward her email to each factory in the morning and help them to solve their problem.
I bought many things, such as a vacuum cleaner, a refrigerator, a table, a bed and curtains...
Impressions of America part 2
The budget of the New York Yankees is bigger than that of North Korea.
However, I won't give up until I can swim the butterfly stroke.
Quiero (Quiero) ir a Espana.
My teacher sent everybody the e-mail, which said ``If you get this email let me know by replying to the following address:
Anyway, as I checked it just now, I found 5 e-mails which should be sent to my teacher only but were actually sent to the whole class.
However, not all kinds of miso are good for eating, only miso free from artificial additives.
I hope next time the weather will be good.
The company recently introduced a new system which will allow me to withdraw the money from my bank account.
I bought yogurt at the supermarket.
This bacterial fermentation is sour.
The temperature is high.
Seicomart convenience stores offer a few kinds of reasonable house wine priced around 500 yen, which tastes good enough to drink at home.
The restaurant had different kinds of Belgian beer.
I drank three cups of Belgian Beer.
Belgian beer is sweet.
I asked an employee why Belgian beer is sweet.
This tale is nothing compared with the occidental classic literature, maybe because those tales is about danish folklore.
It is a mixture of mistery, fantasy and rarity.
``Power of music`` is a new event in Tokyo Disneyland.
I can't sleep because I'm lonely.
Pls be informed that this shipment will be delivered as LCL via Hongkong.
Schedule as below for your reference:
Between you and me, there is a special and magical way that if you do not consider the above things and write a fucking boring essay whether it's long or not, your essay will be colored with red and blue with warm comments within few minutes: just show a picture of your pretty face or of another hot woman found somewhere else online such as unknown hot celebrities.
Maybe I do not want to learn english at beginning. but I will try my best to learn it in future. my english teacher taught us many words, but I cannot remember them and use them in the correct way. what can I do?
Because my friends studied for exam in this summer.
At that time, he faced demotion from Ozeki to a low Ranking.
Second foreign wrestlers dominate especialy Mongolians.
I sent a music box to her by express several days ago.
We always say ``happy birthday`` when it's somebody's birthday.
2 policemen were killed, 55 policemen are missing, and 4 policemen are injured.
The food is not as delicious as I expected.
The food doesn't taste as good as I expected.
She is not as beautiful as she appeared on TV.
I have great expectation as much as I try.*
I don't want to dislike my country like her.
My mother's native language is Japanese.
We happened to meet a Japanese tour group.
I asked someone of the group in Japanese.
I was really surprised by his behavior.
I was a little bit shocked and sought for the reason.
Didn't my Japanese pronunciation sound like native Japanese?
My bad English wasn't understood by the Peruvians,
I thought they had High-mountain Disease.
I want to go to Peru again.
I have a very nice memory of it, except for the Japanese tourists.
I was impressed!!
Today I feel so blue, I find some knowledge I learned before have completely gone.
Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries, I'm able to improve my skills and develop my career.
Why can't they drive more gently?
Now that I've learned that there are potholes on the road as well as ordinary minor cracks and holes, I will pray for the safety of all the drivers!
So I remembered about the time I chose my job when I was a teenager.
I dropped by the library on my back way and I borrowed ``One Piece``.
I used to read this manga and I thought that I wanted to read this manga again in English.
Since I didn't know anything about actors, I've just looked for the actor who played 'Harold'.
The Notebook feature lets you easily review those worthwhile notes.
Altogether I started to pracice sports because of him.
Today, when I was about to get in my car, I found something on the ground.
Then he recommended me a fortune teller that is famous, Indian and accurate.
additionally they were right for me.
fortunately, lots of the things she said were good.
It was a wonderful experience for me ^ ^
I quit smoking in April of this year, but because of too much stress I started again.
I know it's not good for my health, but smoking after having a lot of stress is beyond expression.
when I surfed in Japan I could stand up 1 time, because it was a long board and the waves was small.
so I brought a short surfboard, it was so difficult for me.
because it's very boring at my place.
it's very beautiful.
I wanna know why but I'm afraid to hear the truth.
Checking my diary (not all of them, but most of them), I found my mistakes are mostly with ``a`` and ``the,`` which many Japanese struggle with when they learn English.
I really appreciate people who suggested my journal.
Another doctor who did the plaque removal is also quite skilled and careful.
Major quantity of the books like textbooks that I used to read when I went to school.
Eijirou is different from usual dictionaries.
So if you have any problems with your pc or networks ask me; maybe I will be able to help you.
Well, after I passed an English exam during the second year of my studies, my contact with English has been really limited.
I am really nervous about the toefl test.
Not write the sentence too long, Not choose an answer so quickly........
I am from Vitoria da Conquista-Brasil, I am 20 years old, and I am a student of technology.
My wife and I celebrated it with our two daughters at a small japanese restaurant.
Frankly speaking, I completely forgot this special day until this evening.
We went to Seoul tower, some shrines, souvenir shops and so on.
Bangkok Turmoil
Recently the iPhone has been popular in japan.
When Minko saw him, she was jealous of Ohana.
I started Lang-8 today.
So, I study English very hard.
After a horrible/ terrible/ awful economic recession, many contingent workers have gotten fired which means they lost the way to make a money and live.
The system was very simple, first you sign up by entering your personal data.
I will go to a bookstore, and buy some books and magazines.
I know my weight, so I can be very careful about what I eat and drink.
My goal is to lose 3kg, so I have to do more exercise...
we will make takoyaki which is a typical Japanese food.
First day-Pusan
Everybody got married.
I didn't get married because I was young.
Because the weather is nice and comfortable to stay in.
The main character of this story is a doctor.
I'm Japanese but I live in Beijing present.
I need to be able to speak English and Chinese as soon as possible, so I decided to start to write diary in foreign language on this website.
and if you know any popular or funny slang words, please teach me.
A meat-eating type girl is aggressive toward hunting boys.
A grass-eating type boy is non-aggressive towards girls.
question 2: how to pronounce epididymitis?
The white bridesmaid: ``That's disgusting.
The white bridesmaid again: ``Who wants a gargoyle, or whatever he is, at your wedding?``
The white bridesmaid: ``I don't know where to look...
I've never seen bridesmaids dancing at a Chinese wedding.
English exam is made of vocabulary, analyzing sentences, listening and so on..
Analyzing Engilsh sentences exam is very very difficult to me
I've been through the hardship of quitting.
After losing, a bad taste was left in my mouth and I felt an urge to try to get even.
hot patch
because he is the most popular actor of 'Pirates of the Caribbean'.
It started a few weeks ago when my little brother got dragged to a dance course by his friends.
Without a partner, I guess ballroom dancing is quite hard...
So, let's open our hearts, in order to be friends and to make progress.
From.
I believe the uniforms shown in the picture appear to be orange and blue.
I must speak English because I want to travel to other countries in the future and English may help my in my future job.
In the afternoon, my homestay mom and two guys came back home.
We had no script so we were just listening and wacthing the movie.
Although the situation with radiation ploblem, delivery delays or power saving didn't change much (it still is bad) the life of people, who live in less damaged regions, such as Tokyo, seems to be slowly coming back to normal.
In the morning, While I was waiting for my friend to pick me up, he mailed me, saying ``I'm drunk and feeling bad, so please come and pick me up``.
So, that place is always full of people ^ ^
I want to make it more significant and emphatic.
but for me that is not enough, I must make more chances to improve my english skills.
I wrote a letter to them to ask about volunteering....
I guess she must be around 27, right?
I didn't contact the volunteer stuff after all, but your advice was very informative.
Recently, I read a comic.
It was my first trip abroad.
I was asked about the Tsunami by some people.
He recommended that I drink Kava.
I think most Japanese are polytheistic, who are not very religeous.
Please have some if you have chance.
I'm 28 already.. and I'm going to plan my future life in this year.. something I ask myself... what do I really want?!
My job is teaching English at private school in Japan.
They were able to open the lock quickly, but I was shocked and disappointed as I had thought they were old enough to decide what was wrong and what was right.
All my family was at home because of the snow.
I'm looking forward to communicating with everyone in English.
I am interested in this movie's subject matter.
I think that it would be horrible to know death.
I am studying biology now.
But they watched it (not only the first part) and maybe even read it.
These people go to the cinema and see this movie just to laugh, to make funny comments or to rephrase dialogs of characters.
For a long time I belonged to the first category.
I decided to benefit from this action so I had to read it in English.
But I was so excited and glad that I could read in English and understand it that I've read all of the saga.
Except for poor language (the Russian translation is even worse) there are lots of Mary Sue and out of character stuff.
Anyway I've read four English books per month.
In the practice match, I got punched in the stomach and fell down!
The instructor said that it was not so strong, but I couldn't speak.
We lay on our backs while the instructor stood on our bodies and jumped three times.
Today, on Sunday July 11, 2010., half the members of the House of Councillors will be elected for three years.
S, China, North and South Koria and all of the other countries around the world.
I also want to go abroad and communicate with others more smoothly.
Today I met some Korean friends.
I don't think that Korean food is spicy.
My favorite is toppki though.
Summer vacation is around the corner,
Most people are starting to make plans.
It blows from East-NorthEast, and it's a really strong wind.
In this Bora blows with a medium speed of over 100 km/ h (over 55 kts), and the highest gust reached 188 km/ h (over 102 kts)...
While I was walking, going to the university, a tile fell about one meter from me: it could have killed me, if I just were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Some of them didn't sleep last night, because Bora makes a lot of noise.
We're accustomed to that..
Our ancestors have a proverb, stating that we dependon our parents in the home, and outside we dependon our friends.
The relationships betweenoneself and friends isn't to make use of each other.
Some people will make friends with you not because he or she like you, but because you can help him or her in some way.
I'm in low spirits now because I feel that I am being ignored for this reason.
I will study English at Starbucks today!
The article recommends to take notes of every idea that comes to your mind,
The reason for this is so that it gets completely absorbed by the skin.
My birthday was two months ago.
My mother made it and it was delicious.
I can't see the license number or even a part of the numbers.
The police can't pick the criminal up.
On second thought, she always asks people she meets about their& nbsp; jobs because she is concerned about her own future.
I dont know why smart phones are so popular among people, but it seems that they have many attractive functions such as Skype, Internet, or many other applications.
However, this situation is only in the Japanese market, so what about your country?
Especially, gratin with chestnut and cream cheese, which was very yummy:) The soy milk pudding and tofu donuts were delicious, too!
So when we have practice for all of the members, I have to plan the practice before we start.
And please try to watch it if you have a chance.
I replaced the sentences in the grammar book with my own sentences.
Today a debate occurred between my mother and I. We started discussing the topic from the minute I stepped into my home until bath time.
The topic was on my dressing style.
Then she said she felt confused and disappointed about how I treat my occupation with my whole spirit but don't care about my appearance.
I know it's important to hold on to the precious period when I'm just in my twenties, and that's just what my dear mum wants me to do.
I don't wanna let my mother down.
Another reason is that, someone used to say that she thought I look the same as Aoi Yu, a Japanese actress with a pure appearance, and I wanna keep the simple and pure impression in others 'minds.
I have just arrived (or I just arrived) in Adelaid, Australia, but I am worried about my poor English,
I don't have enough money to keep travelling, so I just found a part time job in Adelaid City as a sushi roller,
I will be really grateful.
When I arrived at the hotel and unpacked my bags, I went out with my sister to take a stroll along the river nearby.
I am not good at listening and writing.
If you want to relieve your stress or you feel your daily routine is boring
In order to enjoy your trip, you should consider your safety while traveling.
You had better leave your valuables and expensive jewelry in the hotel when you go out, and you should hold on to your bag. In Pusan, you can't use traveler's cheques.
If you want to enjoy that you should choose the ones already fried.
my costume was a baby, and many people laughed at me, and took many pictures.
Frankly, it's not useful and inconvenient.
Even it's occured only at the first meet, they may get tired of hearing that.
It is very convenient!!
Recently, I have been playing a game a lot on my DS.
It is very fun and we can learn English!!_ This game is very nice!!_ COOL!!
Monolith?
At night, I drank with my friends, which made me forget my tiredness.
I'm a little busy until this afternoon.
Even though I have the official working holiday visa, I couldn't get a so-called ``Aussie job`` due to my lack of english proficiency.
As the title suggests, I'm new in this community.
Whether feeling happy, sad, depressed or angry, music is always there to support my mood (unless my cell/ mp3 player runs out of battery xD).
I signed up for this community because, obviously, I want to improve my English writing skills and I'm hoping to get your help.
I know this is a terrible introduction but if I continue writing, you'd have a LOT to read, you'd get bored and finally you'd close this page without correcting it.
I've been thinking what I should do here in Japan, because I always had some goals to achieve when I was in Canada.
That's why even when I'm doing the same things that I've done before, I feel it in a different way.
I've practically never skied before, but I'll take some lessons.
Our four girls really had a wonderful time there!!!
TASK TWO-Comparison Composition
Singles can do everything they want to like travelling, buying clothes, working for a career.
I am a writer, but my story is unfinished...
Anyway, somebody help me please ~
My pronunciation is poor and sounds like a bad Hollywood movie with a Russian Ivan speaking in English.
I learn Japanese because I'd like to go to Okinawa to visit a karate master whose name is Morio Higaonna.
Tokyo Marathon
My big brother participated in Tokyo marathon last month, which is the one of the biggest citizen races.
He finished at 3 hours and 6 minutes.
He has been really good at running long distance since junior high.
They weren't in this game but the live game was good!
These taxis started to run in our country.
I bought an LCD television made by Sony today.
A famous Korean actor committed suicideby hanging himself with an electric cord.
The saddest part is his older sister had committed suicide
Some journalists think he had depression and that he was suffering under his sister's death continually.
Can you arrange the stuff, after you clean the fridge?
I was shy because I was afraid of making a mistake.
Today was my first working day of 2010, but I felt sleepy the whole day today because of my bad habit of staying up very late during my New Year's holiday.
Charlie has never enjoyed talking, and hence, he developed a brooding look-surely his eyes were those of a man who carries the weight of life.
I hope that the beautiful country goes back to normal soon.
After I arrived in Tokyo last month, I haven't had a chance to meet and talk with people of English countries or others.
I know many foreigners have already left Japan because of the massive earthquake and Tsunami and radioactivity.
Besides high school English class (which is so basic and has the same old lessons every year), I've actually never studied English officially.
So I've decided to get a little help;) I hope this thing helps me to improve my English.
It was a small teddybear.
I'm from Brazil and now it's 5: 55 AM. I was able to find more information about an internship. I would like to go to Toronto or Vancouver. I love ice and snow, but I never see it.
It would be a dream although I don't speak English that well, but I love the English culture, the language, and in Canada the people speak English and French, and it's cold.
This is my inaugural (first) daily entry/ post on Lang-8.
2nd of August was my 35th birthday, I'm going to write daily on Lang-8 as documentation of my time in London.
I had heard about it several times before, but had not yet visited.
Today we will go out to buy the ingredients for cooking burritos.
We need chicken, pita bread, mushrooms, mayonnaise, and hot sauce.
It'll be my third time to visit there, but her first time.
I'm looking forward to having some nice seafood.
Today, I participated in our laboratory seminar.
I'm so nervous....
I am a student of foreign language studies, majoring in French.
One week ago, when I was home, a strange man came to my apartment and said something like this, ``We opened our new shop in this neighborhood, and we are giving away some presents for every house around here.
But I wonder whether I should buy a mobile phone with an intergrated music player or an ipod.
The price of a new Iphone 4 is from 16 to 18 milion Vietnamese dong (equivalent 800-900 USD) while my salary is just 4 million Vietnamese dong, less than four times the price.
My family live in Fukui.
I like travel.
So I want to study English.
Do you know SETSUBUN?
Today is SETSUBUN in Japan.
Today is Friday the thirteenth.
Today& nbsp; is Friday the& nbsp; thirteenth.
I don't know why this year has a lot of Friday the thirteenths.
He adequately countered a judge's budget screening's questions with data and passion.
His opinion and attitude showed the essence of the screening.
it has double structure.
I feel Japanese salt breeze when I eat this.
I watched the movie frozen with my family.
Nobody noticed.
horror and survival movies.
Now I'm a junior high school student, I do feel my English is poor, I want to find a foreigner friend to teach me English.
I am at home with my father, usually we did not agree with each other
Maybe because we have something to talk about more.
My television is broken now and my computer is going to be a problem too.
My father took the television to be repaired in the shop.
the first of the Lima, Peru's new urban air purifiers called ``Super Trees`` was recently installed at the busy intersection next to a stream of a congested traffic.
It was installed by a local beer distributer and created by Tierra Nuestra SAC, a Peruvian green technology company.
The Tierra Nuestra says that the purifier uses the liquid filtering process to observe the carbon dioxide, equivalent to the actions of twelve hundred trees.
the creaters claim the super trees removes dust, germs and bacteria from 200000 cubic meters of air per day.
The Mayor of Lima's district of SurquilloGustavo Sierra says the super tree could help the contaminated city across the globe.
``It has taken us six years, six years to plant 1200 trees in Surquillo however this machine help us greatly to improve the air we breathe.`` He intends to install another 20 air purifiers in this district.
Peru's unbudsman office reports air pollution levels in Lima are nine times higher than recommended by the world health organization.
in a report released by the Peru's national council of the environment, about 80 percent of the pollutants of the air caused by old, ill-kept automobiles.
Today was the happiest day of the week.
Back then, hundreds of thousands of years ago, people telling stories about things they had done earlier that day while hunting.
I already checked some houses and found out that some houses have private bathrooms and kitchens which only two people share.
As a result, we have seen spectacular congestion on the highway.
I might have that tendency too, because I sleep more in the winter season.
And then, I said ``I am being lazy.`` with a big smile.
In this entry, I am going to write about ``time-markers`` again, and also a few other things,
Some possible sets of time markers and tenses are listed here: URL
I didn't know that there was Lang-8,_ a wonderful site, which helps us make friends to correct each other's writing.
Tomorrow, I'm going to the US for 3 months.
Nowadays, Shanghai becomes one of the most developed cities in China.
I was really curious why she never would help me know more.
or encourage me, insteadbut opposite she of always mocking me.
Language exchange site
People sometimes contacted me, but they don't seem to have read my profile at all.
He told me that he really wants to learn Japanese and he would like to know how?
Then he said he thought the easiest way to learn another language is to have a girl friend who is a native speaker.
I watched soccer yesterday.
Recently the weather is weird because it's suddenly hot or cold, therefore I caught a cold in few days.
I feel people are laughing more and a lot of plants are in bloom when spring is coming.
Since I was born in a tiny town which is quite a countryside with a lot of rice fields, I like parks with a lot of nature.
I can?,,, Was it a slip of the tounge?
There were nine babies in today's class and Konoka was the youngest among them.
my name, special holidays for me, about a photo and so on.
Today is a boring day.
but ifeela little gloomy.
It destroyed my office backyard.
Customers come to my office.
My friends had said that Spanish is one of the easy languages to learn.
No, I don't think so.
She said my questions were about grammar, which I did not study a lot.
But, I didn't want to ask the professor, so I made her study what I wanted to know German grammar.
If you are interested, the short film is available on 'Youtube', with English subtitles.
Finally, my skateboard broke into two pieces.
The title means ``Save my earth``.
a Japanese writer, in 1989.
My roommates are a Singaporean and Indonesian couple.
There are many people who are good English speakers.
However, I also have to study!
Studying a foreign language is very interesting,
because it makes it possible to meet lots of people.
I would like to meet foreign people and have language exchanges.
I met my friend at a restaurant and we ate sushi and wheat noodles.
In that program a woman takes a plane to Japan to just eat some sushi and wheat noodles, then comes straight back to Korea.
My friend was impressed with those foods, (not the program guest's action) and she wanted to eat them also.
Because of that we went to a Japanese restaurant and ate them.
We had often talked about yakiniku and how we would like to gorge ourselves on grilled meat.
I read a report written by a web designer on the web.
There were many people in the class.
After that I watched a DVD at home.
So I left home earlier than our arranged time.
I am writing a yucky story today.
This afternoon, we went to the gymnasium for PE class.
Now that I have became a college student, our PE class is different from what we had in high school.
My friends and I usually played badminton together to free ourselves for we all feel great tired at that moment.
My friends, I miss you so much! ~
Oyama in Miyakejima, the family and dog's story.
my car was a little bit dented in a collision.
I met a lot of friends who had left my company a few years ago.
And what's more. It's basically all free!
It's a typical HK movie
A confusing relationship between the robber and the police, good action and cool guys.
I'm going to play volleyball with my friends tomorrow.
I used to play volleyball almost every day when I lived in America.
Asking some English questions!!
For example, the most evident and, maybe the most dangerous, problem I noticed is the fact that Italian tourist trade thinks the country does not need to make efforts to increase the number of visitors;
especially comedies and dramas...
I want to visit France, especially Paris.
The Hard-Disk has some damage.
I am interested in learning English.
let's start.
The weather is always different in this city, five minutes ago it was sunny, then it suddenly started to rain... Just like a chameleon. Next week I have the CET test, there's a lot of pressure on me, and with this horrible weather, it made me sick for four days.
Because it's so hot in the dormitory and there's no air-conditioning, I had to sleep out outside of my room.
-The concept of coworking is inspired from parties.
I read an essay written by Haruki Murakami.
I was surprised that he determined to write, when he was 29 years old, in 1978.
I usually don't drink beer but I drank a beer yesterday because it was my mom's birthday.
Because it is dangerous for girls to go outside drunk, and I don't want to be seen by my friends.
I like the hot atmosphere---everyone is surrounded by the rising steam.
Now I am studying English very hard, and next year I'll resume studying French.
When the temperatures of the oil (or pot?) is high, addthe eggs into the former pot, and put the rice later. Put salt immediately at the same time.
Here in Vancouver where I live is always sunny specially these days.
Even though the bookd is incredibly famous across the world, it isn't for me.
Maybe that's the reason I only watch a movie instead of reading a book these days.
``Shawshank Redemption`` is the one of the short stories in the book ``Different Seasons``
Actually, I'm already excited to compare the story in the book from that in the movie.
OK everything will go on, I will graduate from college, then I have to find a job to take care of myself, but I still have no confidence, who can give me? who can do it with me, who can see tomorrow with me!!
I used to be very close to my younger sister.
Now we are married and I have a kid, but she doesn't.
If I pass the exam, I can learn more language there. + Yei! +
Now, I study English.
Please teach me English!
To stop him from talking more, I constructed a funny answer for him. I said, 'I wanna a handsome boy, just handsome, and I want you find himfor me, I know you can help me, remember call me first when you findhim'.
Album's name is Abbey road.
We go to the temple and pray for our family's health, happiness, and world peace.
These are delicious.
What does ``address`` mean?
She is a homemaker.
We can even use Internet when we're outside with this!
By this time, four people have been killed in an election campaign.
first diary!
I'm 19 years old, and I'm a university student majoring in English.
I was moved to watch their childhood movie which they made.
I tried to write something, when I first found this site.
I thought I would write any everyday happening, but it doesn't work as I expected.
First we had some arguments, because we were a big personality difference.
After some arguments, I learned I shouldn't object to what he says then I won't have arguments with him.
Since I didn't say my opinion and I just listened, we did not have arguments.
I don't know what should be the most important thing... I have many problems to solve.
I was touched and surprised by the scene: there were thousands of fireflies in the valley.
They said that cats have nine lives. I think it's cool.
When we began, I found that his skills were more advanced than half a year agao, and was beaten 4 times. I felt a bit nervous and some careless mistakes when was shooting.
Both these soups have different tastes so I enjoyed both servings of Oden.
Thanks a alot for reading my diary.
A few days ago, I went to the airport to see my friend off.
First time
I've heard many times that writing English improves our English writing skills, but I I am a very lazy person and I am very very busy.
I decided to write my (or this) diary in English hopefully everyday.
When I was a junior high school student, I had a variety of tropical fishes.
Then one of the goldfish always used to jump out of the bucket, and I would quickly put her back.
Tomorrow, I will go to the theater with my classmates.
Anyway, commercial TV stations start new TV shows from this spring.
I watched '' The Matrix '' on TV, which was broadcast the day before yesterday.
Moreover I want to communicate with many people in English.
We always laughed with and without reasons.
It is not true.
The coffee is not good yet because I am still unaccustomed in making coffees.
I'm really looking forward to meeting them.
(Sometime the company adds oil or badnegitoro to fake negitoro)
I felt uncomfortable...
I want to fill my calendar
CBS on Youtube.
Okay, keep your eyes on those who want to use their ``arms``.
The tests were quite difficult, especially listening.
t, When I look back those days, a pen-pal was Japanese girl who had similar ages with me.
I am writing in response to your letter.
This is a great opportunity for me and my career prospects.
I need to get a high level in English because it's an essential skill required for working overseas and getting a good job in a company.
On the other hand, I live in place where weather is warm constantly all year, but I think it is diferent in Manchester, maybe raining often, I would like know it, to be ready with appropriate clothes and shoes, when I get there.
After the Gibeonites surrendered to Joshua, the group against Joshua turned to attack them.
In fact, the Gibeonites were one of them before, but now they were under the Israelites.
I want to study English!
Penicillin, Innovation of the Century.
The most beneficial innovation of the century was in the health area.
It is Penicillin, and it was discovered by the Scottish scientist and Nobel laureate Alexander Fleming in 1928.
Furthermore, it has continued to innovate because Penicillin is a part of health studies with the focus of keeping human lives. Such a focus, to me, is the most important area in human studies.
Finally, this antibiotic has actually been used everday in places such as hospitals, clinics, etc, to save people. Therefore it can be considered an innovate, as it is surely a unique and great discovery.
I feel lucky when I see red sky both morning and evenings.
But in my opinion, it's their problem.
Every foreigner working here earns a higher salary than the locals, even though they do the same job.
The Goya plant has rough skin but when I touched it, it felt greasy. Just fun.
My friend gave me a Goya plant yesterday.
If I keep it in my refrigerator it will change to a yellow color and a very sweet taste.
today I tried calling method for the first time
e-mail is: mf329@ msn.
One of my friends recommended a dvd.
It was interesting for me to watch this one.
Because I study listening and speaking.
She would like to have a baby, months ago she lost one and she was really sad. She will be fine. She has the love of all the Brazilian people and her husband.
I will practice the violin.
So I have time to play the violin after so long.
But I have to tune my violin before I play it.
I had a very important test today and I was very nervous!
The weather was nice, like early summer.
It seemed like a bad endless loop.
I think I am just an intolerably lazy guy.
After supper, I took some medicine so I hope it's going to be better tomorrow. (I hope so!)
Today is the second year and week I have studied at this college.
is more important and the savor also can be forced.
But I don't know how to force my interest.
Some kind-hearted people brought the cat to a hospital for animals, because the unlucky animal was very thin and had many wounds.
I want someone who will correct my English strictly.
I live in Hoddaido which is located in northern Japan.
Deer rice cracker are sold in Nara park for one hundred yen.
The deer will pester you violently.
I buy big pizzas from Costco from time to time.
And I also like to buy bulgogi bagels. Bulgogi is a seasoned beef dish cooked well-done.
Anyway, Costco has been doing it in their own way, and many Koreans find this appealing.
I am worried about the blood test result this Thursday.
He hadn't neither problems nor concerns and was very happy.
Please make friends with me!
Santiago is famous for Christian pilgrimages and its universities, which are very old but are still attended by many students.
In London there are millions of people and cars, so the pollution in London is much worse than in Santiago.
The old city of Santiago is as impressive as the most famous buildings in London.
One of our most popular foods is shellfish, and there are a lot of restaurants near the cathedral that serve this meal.
Now I am living in a cucumber farm house with Hong Kong friends and some male friends.
It is later than before, so we can wake up late, happily!
If we have any days off, we will be very happy.
People born in the Year of the Tiger are supposed to be generous but stubborn.
Are there any beliefs in your country about what determines your personality or what your future holds?
. 2nd, my baby's new car, the Prius Toyota, which is stained much.
I didn't practice much.
At least, I want to eat with somebody.
My favorite fruit is pineapple.
Anyway, I like pineapples.
I'd like her to be responsible for something because I believe that makes her feel a sense of oneness of family. (minor ^ ^)
Just have to live for now and prepare for the future.
Going abroad..
some friends have gone to foreign countries
to learn English...
but I don't have enough time to go abroad..
and other European countries (nations)
I have to accept it.
Now my husband and I are watching the game on TV and cheering ourt prefectural team.
I'm from Osaka.
Welcome!
Because they are in small cages all the time and walking time is once or twice a day which is only ten or twenty minutes.
because I have never thought about it like him.
I know that it's going to be difficult to keep up with this class but I believe that this class will be the place where I can grow up because I will be given many opportunities to say what I'm thinking in the class.
But when I talk with her, she can understand what I mean.
From an expert's standpoint the key to breaking a vicious circle is to change the established patterns.
At first, I felt a little down, but I like it now because my friends said it looked nice:))
I am a university student in Japan.
I can teach Japanese to people who want to learn Japanese.
Starting today, I want to write many entries in English..
I'm in the middle of developing a software program.
My favorite place is the road near Shukutoku University.
the titles I gave the texts aren't really creative, are they..* laugh*
And I hope I can improve my English skills this way.
Continuance of the Tanabata story.
My favorite magazine is Arakawa Under the Bridge.
Arakawa Under The Bridge is about strange people who live under the bridge.
But I felt frustrated about failing a stunt, because it was a big challenge for me....
when we talk about the hacker, we think of someone who is tring to get some secret information from the government or someone who steals the bank accounts of the rich.
I `m afraid I can` t answer now
I'm encouraged by this news.
They throw a hot, 400 degree stone into a soup to boil it. (yummy)
They taught us how to dance.
I took the TOEFL this morning, and I found that my English typing speed is too slow, despite my fast Chinese typing.
So I made a decision during the test, that I must find a way to get more chances to type English, so that there is possibility to improve it ~ Maybe I should keep on blogging in English.
The academic lectures seemed difficult to me, and the writing required too many words. The words used to write are long and infrequently appear in daily life ~ So I just chose to give up preparing.
Why are you afraid of a challenge now?
At that time, I hadn't visited other countries before, I was very excited.
I made plans for traveling until late at night.
As I wasn't good at Japanese, I had to use English to converse with others.
My old friend introduced me to his Japanese friend-Yoske.
The dolls must be temporarily displayed.
People believe girls will marry late, if the dolls are
The term is from the middle of February to the the middle of March
Afraid of my Future
But I'm afraid about my future.
I want to find a good job.
This is a Japanese animation's title too
Once the petals of one flower blossomed together for a short time.
I watched the animation film last night.
I am a beginner to this site but please help me to study English and in exchange I will help you with your Japanese!!
I am eagerly waiting for your message> <
I have gone to an English language school for 2 months.
So, she wanted me to be in an arranged marriage.
Actually, she didn't like him at all.
I must be positive, active, and attractive in Tokyo.
At last, I hope everything will be improve!
I think she has an energetic mind.
I have to comunicate with you, so that my English will improve.
My English is not very good and I'm not confident with my ability.
I wish I can make friends with all of you guys and please help me to correct my errors! Thank you very much
Even though I was in America, my English is still bad.
raise their children, thus consumer decrease to expend.
To be frank, I'm not so interested in that part, but my friends, especially men, are interested in it.
It is important that people in the valley want to move the tree, and they do it themselves.
It was released in 2003.
Today is a holiday, which is the Japanese flag holiday,
What is your favorite food in summer?
My hobbies are listening to music and playing volleyball.
I will graduate from school soon.
Ionly have 8 days of school left.
My school is very strict on manners.
It causes me a lot of stress...
But school life in 3J is very happy and funny.
First, I couldn't figure out what happened, but it made me more excited.
I didn't know before marriage, that men have a party with their friends, we don't have this.
I want to watch more funny movies.
I am going to see it tonight with my family.
The typhoon left last night.
Often, I visit English websites
Tomorrow is my last English conversation exam!
From now on, I must write a new entry at least once a week!
when I hear someone saying that, I frown and get annoyed.
I just completed my Bachelor Degree in Information Technology major. I am looking for a job now.
and I'm also looking for scholarship to study abroad.
I often watch Japanese movies, drama and western movies when I have free time.
And I hope to make many friends on this website.
I'm wondering if I should call in sick tommorow.
I learned this sentence ``What was your first impression of me?``
You should guess in the content. ``However, it is difficult for me to guess a new word.
Because there were so many Japanese people, I didn't feel like I went abroad.
The scuba coach was Japanese.
Tonight I have to go to cram school.
Maybe I'll have a barbecue party, but I'm not sure yet.
It is difficult for me to write in English.
Oh! A summer vacation has begun!
The original work is from comic book that was published in 1980.
There are many sushi bars in Asakusa.
I think that talking with my friends will lift my spirits.
We don't know whether we are speaking American-English or British-English.
I'm running a clothing store in Kyoto, Japan.
If I have to criticize, I would say that the sorting of garbage is not strict compared with other towns.
A privately owned Chihuahua received a license to be a police dog.
I'm getting excited!
Could you please tell me your school trip be it in elementary school, junior school or high school in your country?
Please leave a comment.
This shows the character of Japanese market.
There are white and yellow Shinkansens.
If you see a running yellow Shinkansen, you are lucky.
What a wonderful thing that would be!!
So people, tell me what you like and correct my grammer, please!
Father of 1.
I study English, book-keeping and FP.
I'm interested in Videogames (PS3, PS2, PSP, Xbox, Wii, NDS), Anime, iPhone and iPad.
. Now I study English hard.
I am glad they don't start at an earlier time because I am easily distracted by sound during my sleep.
I still do not how to translate Japanese into Chinese.
And then, I went home and was studying until now.
I want to take a nap after going back again and keep studying more.
I heard that ``one love`` means ``good bye`` or ``see you later`` A week later, I rented a DVD and watched it.
Self-introduction in English
After that I went to the hamburger shop.
My hamburger was too big to eat!
I always worry about what present my son wants every Christmas.
People who have graduated from low level University then go to a high level University.
I think it's really tough work!
Today is a holiday, ``Physical Education Day``.
Though I want strongly to communicate with all english tourists and teach them many good things about Japan.
I'm learning English for business now.
I happened to find lang 8 when I read a book written about English.
The seeds will need to be planted by ourselves.
Thank you so much to many people in many countries!
To tell you the truth, It's the first time I've heard of the existence of generic medicine.
I am a graduate student, major in biology.
Swine flu is threatening many countries.
I've started writing a blog
I like traveling--
The sea makes my soul very calm and my body healthy...
In Nagasaki, I went to HUIS TEN BOSCH and an Atomic Bomb Museum.
The next day I moved on to the Atomic Bomb Museum.
You know I have a holiday, so I will learn more than other people.
There are many geoglyphs and the length of the biggest (``one`` or ``geoglyph``) is about 300 meters.
I heard the sad news that an earthquake hit Iran, causing many injuries and casualties.
Every time I hear the news of an earthquake in the world, I recall the one which hit my home-town, Kobe, in 1995.
The fact that over five thousand people were killed or seriously injured left many deep scars.
because I am a lazy girl.
I hardly save my money.
I don't know if I should be ask him again or not.
Please correct my mother `s diary
I guess handicrafts are valuable because they carry the long history
both internal and abroad
My first abroad travel was in 2000.
But, it's a kind of cultural differences.
I can talk to international students but I can't talk to American people.
I display about 20 picture postcards and photographs on the partitions.
He remembered me and spoke to me.
I exchanged contact information with him.
On Sunday, I went to Changi village and beach which are near the Changi airport.
and the Japanese army easily marched to the present borderline between Malaysia and Singapore.
and its a bit boring, but there is a crack where you can enter the underworld. If you kill all the enemies in this zone, you enter the scar and then the garden, and finally you can enter the hero's hall. There, everything is made of gold, and in the last part you can find three mesmer bosses called The Darkness. If you can kill them, they give you two green staffs. Each staff can be sold for approximately 5 thousand gold coins.
I am not interested in alcohol that much.
The book he wrote, ``The Last Lecture``, really gave me
And the process of pursuing
Anyway, I am going to read a book now, but I hope that someone will interrupt it.
And also there are a lot of other matters.....
My colleague is being transferred
My colleague will be transfered this weekend.
It is very unfortunate.
I listen to beautiful music instead of his noise.
Emailing with him is my trivial enjoyness.
I want to ask you something: Which resources do you recommend me for learning English?
First diary.
My friend can speak English very well.
I want to take a bath in hot water tonight.
The battle scene was so fantastic.
Except that, it's an exciting movie so I recommend it to you!
My mom's enthusiasm toward Korean culture is worth to be respected.
I had been using an iPod and iTunes so I was little familiar with the products by Apple.
For example, I listened to BBC and CNN podcast.
I connected the hose to the faucet, dragged it till out of the fence and I tried.
But very little water could be poured on the roof.
But I watered all around me, the block fence, the wall of my house and the ground.
I felt even cooler than ever despite knowing the temperature might not go down so much.
As for the cafe, as I mentioned, it was a very stylish and its dishes were reasonable and tasty.
I had to make a presentation about accountings.
So, I had to study accountings!!
hi there I'm a nativespeaker of spanish language but I'm ok at english, anyone who like help me on my japanese study I will appreciated. thanks
I have lived in Iran for six or seven years, so I can speak both Farsi and Dari.
The two langauges are not very different, but sometime a person from Afghanistan can't understand a person from Iran
Farsi is the language used by Iranian people and Dari is the language used by Afghan people.
But Afghanistan does not have only one official language.
Afghanistan have two official languages, the other language is Pashto.
I must study English, Norwegien and math to be able to go to school in Norway.
For this reason, it was difficult to give the survey.
I'm was informed today that I succeeded in the entrance examination to graduate school.
Recently I have discovered that I start getting used to memorizing materials which have no relevance to my studies what-so-ever-this kind of behavioral pattern has baffled me for quite a while, since after I found myself flipping through pages from the nearest dictionary again.
I guess back in the Freudian Era these self-descriptive symptoms could well end up being diagoised as ``hysterical.``
My roommate younger than me by 2 years.
Sometimes we joke that she must thank that boy because he made her love books.
Now, she has met another boy.
and I feel nostalgic.
I thought I had one too many drinks during the festival.--
Many tourist come there to see numerous fish.
He met many students and changed their lives.
I was trying to make my family's version as well as it.
The main reason is my indiscipline and frankly speaking, laziness.
Please tell me about yourself, where are you from, what do you do, and how old are you?
I was surprised to hear his words.
I drank an energy drink because I was tired.
I was invigorated.
because some people don't have jobs to do..
I think they'll give you good answers and you'll resolve your Japanese problems.
I found out that the old friend who had often caused some problems in class had become a store manager at food resturant.
What made you come here?
So do you enjoy beautiful nature in good weather?
Because everything here is too expensive.
Before July 1st, 2010 there were two different kinds of taxes.
You are charged just 5% when you buy food, books, clothing for children under 14, medication, and goods for babies like diapers and milk.
Many people say that BC government spent a large amount of money for the 2010 Vancouver Olympics so that everything except the minimum wage is going up.
Your friends?
To build Olympic facilities and infrastructure, tens of trees were cut down and mountaintops were blasted.
It was estimated over 85 units were affected, and this led to an increase in homelessness.
But, I'm provided ONLY FRIED FISH AND FRIED POTATO. [^ ^]
This year, I want to enter the city marathon.
For that, I have to do lots of exercise like running, swimming and stretching.
I didn't write in my diary recently.
A long time has passed since I wrote in my diary last.
I have mailed out hundreds of CVs, but received few replies.
My friends told me that it was snowing a little bit in He bei province yesterday.
But I know it is impossible and I need to study here.
My friends and my families told me the weather is getting colder and told me to wear clothes as much as possible.
I need to find a new challenge for myself.
Actually, my country is very close to japan. However, the transportation fee is really more expensive than from China to korea.
Anyway, I wanna make Japanese friends.
And I recommend you to book a hotel, and a bus or a train as soon as possible because a lot of people come to Nagaoka in the season. (during this season)
After some time I took photographs of my flat to show my friend, who lives in another country.
I want to be able to write sentences fluently in English as I can in Japanese.
I serviced in the Korean military for 2 years.
Many of Korea's young people have to service in the Korean military.
you have to obtain a permit from the Korean military departments.
I am making tempura and soup.
My teacher is younger than me and studies Japanese.
Anyway, I found out teaching Japanese is more interesting than I expected.
I believe that every 'first' is very exciting!
He tells me that he is well, but the situation is not optimistic.
However, our class won 3rd place in the end.
I've been to Canada and I was impressed with the stunning scenery in Louis 'Lake.
With some deep-green shadows around the lake, it seemed more magnificent.
I have a seminar at my job.
The seminar required me to get a little sleep.
At my office, the air conditioner is working much weaker than usual.
Thanks for reading.
Elves, dwarfs, magicians, trolls orcs, and others too.
I mean elvish is such a cute language.
Speaking of the elves, I really want to a jewelery like Arwen's evenstar.
And the other couple Faramir and Eowyn are so courageous and dignified.
tomorrow l want to write down the china exchange rate
but it's difficult!
It was very beautiful, but it was very cold outside!
But my home has not started yet, because the weather just changed so rapidly these days.
It was said that one of the thieves knew the language of the birds, and another could unlock any lock without a key.
And there are lots of food the GERD patient can't eat such as chocalate, sweet food, milk, tomato, peppermint and of course wine and coffee.
Anyway, I hope everyone is healthy and exercises more (including myself)!!
I think it is very fun to make friends.
Of course I analyse myself at first.
For this reason I like to read, listen to songs, but I prefer singing, and watching films about outstanding people...
At the dinner, I ate miso soup.
I like miso soup. I'm Japanese you know.
But the soup was still very, very hot.
But I'll keep eating miso soup tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow.
you know, I like miso soup.
In ancient times a bad dragon lived in Japan.
theater.
I think that there is always time to talk to your friend if you want to.
Maybe cats in those cafes are happier than those don't have their homes because Neko cafe's cats are fed only by playing with us human beings.
I wanted to improve my running because I'm not good at running.
Hence, I could improve my running.
Last week, I read the book ``la sombra del viento`` by Carles Luiz Zafon translated to Japanese.
This novel has a taste of mystery, horror, romance, suspense, etc.
And also, I caught a cold from him.
He said my pupils were already there.
Energy saving lamps are our factory's product.
I went to an Anpanman movie at the cinema with my oldest daughter today.
When we entered the gate, we got an Anpanman doll made of plastic.
It can project an image of Anpanman with a push of a button.
In case I forget it again, I'll write the password down here...
Athletics meeting in my daughter's kindergarten.
Yesterday, there was an athletics meeting in the kindergarten that my daughter attends.
The weather forecast said it would be rainy, but yesterday it was fine day.
The class that my daughter is in, called the 'Duck' team didn't win, but my daughter and all the other children of her kindergarten and their parents ran around looks happy.
Next year, both my daughter and my son will attend kindergarten too.
I'll invite my parents to the athletic meeting.
I saw this site in my favorite magazine,
I was angry because I started work at 7am today.
I wanted to do something unforgettable to express my appreciate to them.
On Christmas morning, my father entered my room and said to me,
But when I was doing an internship, I thought that it would be too difficult for me to teach something other than biology to students.
Do you do skype or facebook?
Today, March 10th, is the day when candidates can know whether or not they pass the entrance exam of national universities in Japan.
I have a girlfriend and I love her, but I `m so embarrassed that I have not yet told her so ^ ^.
We go to the same private university (University of Keio in Tokyo) and we belong to the same class.
But she also studied to pass the entrance exam of the University of Kyoto!
I `m sad because I could` t meet her if she passes the exam (Kyoto is far from Tokyo), while I support her and believe she will be a success.
I am 32 years old and I like my current job, I work for a company, a big company, and I feel confortable and I have a decent salary.
Now I think she is the most beautiful girl that I know. Since that day I am always thinking about her.
That day I waited for 30 minutes in the restaurant when she had appeared in her red skirt....
The topic is staying healthy, we have to write some points on the note card and say it in front of classmates in three minutes.
here's my whole speech
Also, I am a meat lover, I eat a lot of meat, especially steak, I love it very much.
But now, I realize that I can't be like this anymore, I want become more healthier, so, I change my daily routine.
In recent days, I talked with two foreigners who came from Japan and Malaysia.
Moreover, we have invented an interesting way to interact: I listen to what the one says in Japanese, and translate it into Malasysian with the Taiwanese man.
If you know a book which you think is the best, please tell me.
First, we had a dinner at Coco No1, the chain curry restaurant.
In the restaurant, as we were talking, he told me to search useful websites.
website I've ever known. ``
So, I joined Lang-8.
But I really want to go abro ``a`` d to expand ``my`` horizons.
Because yesterday, I slept all day long since I had cold, I didn `t feel drowsy last night.
If you read a book about a foreign country you have never been to, you can experience the atmosphere and culture there without visiting.
Yesterday, a very aggressive woman visited me.
I said that other girls had packed those vegetables, not me (which was true!) But she screamed: ``I can show you!!!`` Then she took five packets of carrots and threw them at me!
So I was shocked and stood there not saying anything.
Diary (20. Mar. 2011)
I went shopping yesterday.
The weather was not good, so I felt more tired afterwards. [past tense]
For example, leaning ON the railing, leaning OVER the desk???
b) Boxes are cluttered on the road.
com person replied to them and they sometimes apologized for the inconviences.
Today, I went to Rikkyo University, and I got a student card.
The atmosphere is really strange among all of us...
Are we still friends?
Although some infrastructures have been congested, even in Tokyo& Yokohama area,
Well, that's all.
Our group consisted of 3 families including mine.
I want to learn English because my dream is to visit many countries all over the world.
It's the motherland of my granddad and simply a wonderful place.
My teacher `s pronunciation was clear, but the cd was hard to understand.
I thought that I really wanted to make artificial intelligence as a result of this experience.
Why are people's feelings so complicated?
Other researchers have proposed to detect the tumor's movement from the diaphragm's movement.
I studied Spanish for two years about 5 years ago.
or should I concentrate on only one language until I master it (or at least be in the intermediate-level) then start with the other one?
A goal is more real than an idea, and has considerably more chances to be realized.
Incidentally, Robbie Wiliams, who had left Take That, has rejoined after fifteen years of separation and has made their new album, cooperating with the others.
And for the 3 years I `ve studied French.
I love comedies like Two& A Half Men, The Big Bang Theory and The IT Crowd, etc.
Luckily, it's really good to have nice weather.
It's the best weather this year and It's good for running a marathon.
I didn't have any particular reason for attending the marathon.
I was always concentrating on keeping up my pace and not slowing down during the race.
I managed to finish it, but I could barely walk normally after that.
Anyway I should exercise regularly.....
I love sleeping ^-^
I want to go to a different country dive in a different sea.
I want to go snowboarding if I obtain it.
Unitl this year, I have been working in ShangHai and have not been back to my hometown.
They will see the full bloom cherry blossoms for the first time.
now I have gotten back to my place, im gonna cook dinner for my boyfriend:):)
what im gonna cook?
It is exciting, fantastic, amazing and hopeful.
He and I belonged to same club in university and have known each other for about 9 years.
I don `t have anything to write here...
First of all, this subject reminds me of something very cruel, which is the passing of time that we, all mankind, have to face.
When I was in first grade, I was selected to be in the Christian class due to some kind of mistake, even though I am Buddhist.
I was the only Buddhist student in that class, so I felt a little nervous at the beginning of the semester, but everything went just fine.
I know the reason why I couldn't control myself these days.
Every day we see beautiful, modern and fast trains passing through the village.
Let's just have fun while studying.
We went to Yale University first. When we arrived at Yale University, we all felt very excited and shocked.
Their music has also become a part of our lives, especially when we live abroad.
This small painting work does not only pose a cost problem but it also couldn't be accepted by the factory.
My university is famous for teaching international students Chinese.
I was translating an English e-mail for my boss the other day.
After their explanation of the situation, they inserted a phrase ``A Guy.`` with an capitalized ``g``.
My way of learning nowadays.
Earthquake happened in Chile the day before yesterday.
I felt at ease but I am worried about the people who live in Chile.
It truly made me surprised!
They supply products at very low prices without losing quality.
But I have gotten to the idea that it's fully enough in quality and looks at this moment.
I bought a magazine, Non-no.
Non-no is popular magazine about fashion in Japan.
But a few minutes ago, I received a call.
Today will be a business day.
But, today is the weekend.
I'm really looking forward to this weekend.
Maybe she's a model or celebrity in Tokyo.
Now its hard for me to lean the work but the work is smiler to another job I had worked which was in a pub in Japan, so I think that I remember it soon!
I decided to clean up and discard some clothes I don't need.
I always make a lunch box for my husband.
Yesterday I made it as usual, though he did not need it because he had a health check at the company.
During that time, there was no PC in my house and I didn't have a cellular phone.
The magazine has plenty of information (features stories) about events in Tokyo that week.
Today, people get information (over the Internet) on the web or mobile phones.
Cheerfully!
But I have received nothing.
I'd love to help people who is studying Japanese.
Usually the doughnuts cost around 110 yen each.
May Day holiday passed very quickly.
But fortunately, three legal holidays are added, tomb-sweeping day, dragon boat festival and mid-autumn festival.
Astrology predicts that Pisces 'dreams will come true, and I await.
And we went to a sushi restaurant together!
My iPod is broken* becauseI accidentally washed it today.
I should had checked the pockets!
But, these thoughts make me feel pressed so that's why I think I have done nothing recently.
Japanese Sake is not wine, you should drink it when it is freshly made..
It was a lucky day that I saw beautiful sunset.
I was volunteering as an interpreter and supported them.
7 people with their families are participated.
But when I went to church, I couldn't find to somebody who has talked with me before.
Wife: Dunno.
``He really wrote 30 songs a day.
I looked at him only for 10 seconds, but I still remember that he wore a suit and he looked very tired.
Somehow I unconsciously took the envelope from him.
I also remember, the train seemed to jump and swing a little bit due to his body.
Mark Zuckerberg would become the youngest billionaire in the world. It is estimated that Facebook has over 500 million members now.
The two young men had different points of view about Facebook's history....
Did you know that Takahashi Daisuke won a bronze medal in the Olympics!?
We have good news and bad news almost everyday but I wish we had only good news like about Takahashi winning the bronze medal!!
My friend and I met up at the movie theater at 8: 00.
I think this movie encouraged people to think about real things in wonderland.
Although the sales staff was so enthusiastic, the course was absolutely
I think whether I can learn something or not depends on how eagerly
Cafe Party
My friends held a Cafe party today.
This is my first time using English to write a diary.
I think it probably
l would really appreciate it.
I felt really happy when my former boss told me that I would move to Okinawa office, because the Okinawa office is quite popular among my coworkers.
During our first year of living in Okinawa, we didn't have a child yet, so we could go anywhere we wanted with my wife driving us. (In those days, my drivers licence had expired because I forgot to renew!).
I didn't have time to go drinking with her before.
I want to speak English well as if I were a native.
In Japan, It's called ``The Japan Series``
This year's deciding match is between the Giants and the Lions.
Because my printer broke.
To study English& French, I I thought I would try this Lang-8 site.
Because I felt that the original novel was very interesting when I was read it.
Last saturday I saw the movie, 'Lost in Translation'.
After seeing it I realized that Japan has many non-japanese people here, and that the country is becoming multicultural.
I'm looking forward to it!
It is true to studying languages consists of the letters,
If you have done that yourself, share your experience, please.
I have this book published in English.
Recently I thought that I need to need understandEnglish.
So I'll be going abroad anytime, for find job in a foreign country, I want to be ready.
I normally only have two cups a day so that I don't drink so much coffee that it might cause bone loss.
She had to go to Moscow urgently, but she couldn't leave Silver on his own.
Recently, my sister began a part-time job.
Prosecutors have no right to say 'justice and honor' anymore.
But I'm very proud that MBC is not afraid of unjust power.
The Mayday event that the North& South Trade Union co-organized might be canclled.
Besides that, I'm putting on weight again.
But when I try to write in English, my brain stops working.
I didn't want to go back to Japan.
I've been studying English to go to Canada again.
I am very anxious about whether I can complete the full distance.
After 2days, my mother noticed her charmy.
I praised him, and felt ashamed to sing. w
Maybe my friend is just very talkative and she could finds a lot of interesting things from the usual things
So I think it's important to keep in touch like this (now).
I'm learning German and strengthening my English now.
It was there for a long time since I forgot that my pot was on the fire.
Today was a wake and tomorrow is a funeral.
I want to improve my English. Can you help me?
Thus on this day men gave sto their wives and mothers, and they accepted every request that their wives and mothers had.
I'm planning to get my hair cut after getting my exam results.
In Japan children who are less than 15 years old can `t offer their internal organs. What is more, people who doctors declare brain-dead even can` t offer theirs either.
I think that it is strange for Japanese patientsto go abroad for it, because us Japanese shouldn `t rely on other countries.
'1' is pronounced 'I', and '2' is pronounced 'hu' in Japanese's informal way to count.
And I actually scored higher marks in the Chinese--> English interpretation test!
I saw an interesting piece of news about lions.
Another one was personified risks are perceived to be riskier, then anonymous risks.
Well he's not is he. Al Qaeda then.
it seems to be riskier.
I don't think many people knew who the Taliban were, who Al Qaeda were,
on how to pronounce it little bit later on.
I bought some groceries, such as Vegemite, as souvenirs from Australia for my family.
And this time, my father bought Japanese cakes in the shape of an aromatic citron.
We work with a bad manager.
Secondly, my friend told me that I looked older because of my glasses.
Now, we have to elect the new superintendent for the dormitory.
The voting day is next Friday.
Rice wine has piquancy and a delectable flavor.
It means I can watch TV in the bathtub with the cellphone! XD
I've always thought that doing a puzzle is really boring and you must have a lot of patience with all those little pieces.
At the same time, it reminds me of the game I played at kindergarten
I woke up at five this morning.
I am male and gay. I don't know what I will doin the future.
It is little far, but the doctor is famous and good at sport osteopath.
I like Timberland's shoes.
:-) But soon, my school is going to start and everything will get busy.
Things went really badly, I mean really awful.
so I started to freak out.
I started with the first question, which was very ambiguous.
I'm struggling with them.
So I will write a diary in English on Lang-8!
When I wondered where I could take my baby in the mall, I happened to find a pet shop which had a special campaign.
First of all, I will try write daily.
Althought, That taste and style is like, really similar to C. A.
Many Japanese people participating in the GP finals is exciting and interesting for their fellow Japanese people!
She corrected my mistakes in some exercises, we read a book and I tried to speak about my holidays, but my attempts were without luck. =(((
And now I'm writing this post =)
These days, I've been a bit busy so, I couldn't update my blogs for a week:(A lot went on:O School started and I was given homework than I'd expected. XO I also started running in the morning, with my friend, for diet and health.
The web registration for my exchange university didn't go well...
Busan is a famous harbor city in Korea.
Things I have thought about recently
I could seldom find correct answers.
It `better for me to study Japanese history and basic matters in Japan for communicating with foreigners.
I `ve sometimes felt upset that foreigners know about Japanese culture more than I do.
How can I improve my ability of memorization?
My co-worker invited me to go to see the movie ``Avatar`` as it released yesterday.
My brother came to my house last week.
Have I been familiar with early bird (riser)?
I can read in English, also I can understand speech on TV and in the films (movies), but I still couldn't write correctly and could not speak fluently.
It is very fun to swim when it snows.
Do Hemingway's novels consist of easy words and sentences?
Are all of his novels full of easy words and sentences?
I decided to study English.
I must meet someone who I can speak with.
One day a gypsy stole a bag of corn and was thinking about how he could split it up so that he was not noticed.
I am a member of (the?) Tamura Jiro seminar and
a member of (the?) Uzaki Akihiko seminar.
make friends
I want to make friends with people allover the world, especially speaking English and Spainsh.
And please type ``friends from lang-8`` thanks
Am I really going abroad alone? ``Of course it's real.
I used to hate writing something because I felt it was a hassle.
Japanese students study English for a very long time, but only a few will need English in their future.
I called a water pipe repair company and a repairman came to my clinic to fix it.
Francis said something stupid about the slowness of the machine to break the ice and Rachel started to laugh.
Nobody couldn't understand they were in love.
One year later, the very same day of their first date, they were engaged with a diamond ring as witness.
I have go to El Camino College since Aug, 2nd.
His dream is to be surgeon.
She is fortyish.
You know, I'm cooking pancakes and I promise that I won't let you eat any! ``So, although I was tired after my trip, I was really upset and frustrated with her`` lovely greeting ``.
I will work at a local primary school in Bhutan.
Because, to me, they are my really good friends.
if my friends want to learn just click and join me..
ohh I should be thank my friend named Tyler who gave me more wonderful pics so I use his pic in my topic
I can't understand the Russian language, therefore I amended the Russian person's English translation.
Parents are up in arms over plans to close the school.
We ate hamburgers today.
I'm studying English
I ate cream spaghetti with iced coffee.
I was satisfied because it's delicious.
have no subtitles
I think that the Sianam goverment should support the Humanitarian Aid Program.
The second is the focus on medical treatments.
For example, it is difficult to distribute the aid to people fairly, and there is no economic stimulus included.
people may decide to study foreign languages for various reasons.
People in certain businesses may have to deal directly or indirectly with
foreign correspondences.
Starting with writing some notes in lang-8.
The last Tuesday, I tooka walk in Hyde Park because the weather was fine.
because the weather was beautiful and I made friends with a classmate.
It was very beautiful because it was just in full blossom.
Because here there are not many cherry trees.
We could learn the news and details of the tragedy immediately thanks to the Internet.
They have become aware that they have to take action against the tyrannical authority of Mubarak.
He is used to taking care of his interests, and his power as the president.
I am asking, where are human rights, good conscience, and justice?
In addition, they want to reform the constitution, and they don `t want Mubarak for another presidential term. I think that all these demands are very normal.
These demands won't take a miracle to achieve.
Millions of people are all over Egypt shouting their demands, but no one listens. I am very sad for the people who were killed, injured, or imprisoned just because they want reform in their country.
Today is the eleventh day of my country `s revolution. All the people are calling Mubarak to leave, but he refused claiming that he fears chaos if he leaves.
(five spaces) I completely approve of the way you are teaching and that is why you've convinced me that your offer is the best one of all possi ibilities.
He said ``take some medicine (anthelenintic).....`` But I had not eaten.
Here there are quality foreigners.
Sometimes the foreigner friends help correct my English diaries.
I am afraid that I will fail again.
for example 'BP oil spill', 'Iraq and Endless Afghanistan War
Today is one of the important anniversary for all of Americans, the Independence Day, it's known by many people around the world.
I think about that those are in their all of hearts.
I know that those are called 'American Dreams'.
It's why they all sacrifice the weak people of around the world for making their the huge happiest American Dream lives.
and all of Americans because thay have another nice characteristic, American Spirit.
The living room and dining room are beyond the kitchen.
I stayed at home all day and watched TV.
I play an English studying software called ``Eigoduk.``
But I usually take care of her because my son is too young to do it by himself.
In the universe, time was born in just a few years. They eventually settled down on the earth without fear of danger.
As time passed, they become dogs, mice, cockroaches and humans.
Thank you for reading about our '(Fantasy?) world.'
Have you watched the movie Armaggeddon?
I think it's really famous and I hope many people have watched it.
I spent some time, and thought out an answer.
Facing to the north, right is the direction of east, and left is the direction of west,
Boy: Yeah, I am Christmas ~ Will you marry me?
I like playing computer games and watching TV and so on.
Fortunately, it's too cold and dry for cockroaches to live here in Hokkaido so I am relieved that I don't see any cockroaches.
However I didn't have a partner, so I practiced alone.
My skills are not that great so I didn't have a chance to play others.
I thought she was much older than me, because she has a low voice, but she was born just three months before me.
Almost all Japanese clean up their house completely, decorate for new year style, write cards for new year's greetings and so on.
However, there are some big cities, which have more than 500 thousand people. Such cities are bigger than prefectures.
When I drank green tea after taking a bath, I thought this is a real leeway
of life. But I drink green tea, I sometimes wonder why I feel so.
surprised that he used QQ.
Us Chinese like using it, but I didn't know foreigners use it too.
My umbrella snaped after being hit by gale force winds.
so if the company does move to another place I must go to the main place and do a job with him every day.
My secong idea is to stay at the same company but I dont think I will be able to read a book. and I don't have the time to practice English.
They only speak in English with occasional explanations in Spanish.
But I think people who have beards don't look good. (although, on some people it's cool, like Johny Depp)
Most of them are younger than us by 3 years so I could not help feeling the generation gap when I talked with them.
Adapting to the new circumstances is always difficult and I'm a little bit nervous
How to learn new subjects?
They can grow organic vegetables of their own at their farms.
In a passenger train there are carriages, and in trains used for transporting freight there are wagons, right?
I think happiness is decided by comparison.
We visited an Asian goods shop.
Recently, I've been interested in Asian goods.
I have a complete lack of EFFORT!!
I'm very healthy, but one point is not good.
I don't want to become a diabetic.
Mourners are come to pay their respects to the person who has passed away.
Rose hip, hibiscus, german camomile, orange peel, apple peel, black currant and grape were in it.
I sometimes got angry but usually I love them.
I have a runny nose very often (kind of allergic?) and get tired easily.
I was ill yesterday.
Happy Valentine's day
Jamie Oliver
Having a part time job at a small foreign restaurant was the begining of her love story.
Most of the customers who came to the restaurant were foreigners.
Lane just wanted to look into his eyes for so long.
The Professional Japanese Language Teacher Training Seminar
Its title was ``The One-to-One Japanese Lesson for Japanese Language Teachers``.
Lecturers included a famous teacher who is my senior, the president of a Japanese language school and myself.
It's easy to find out if you look at the entry calendars from last year.
This year, I will write short diaries, for example, just a couple of sentences, and so on.
That way it will be easy for me to keep a diary even every day.
When the competition started, two strong men were fighting and there were some slamming sounds.
I heard that it is good for learning English.
I want to watch ``Heroes``.
I haven't written in this blog for a long time.
I logged in to Lang-8 for a long time.
I was surprised and I felt very thankful.
Because the teacher could not teach such things.
One of my Singaporean friends taught me a way to delete it.
And my Singaporean friend gave up and told me he is going to bed because it was already midnight.
So, I could search for a way to delete it on a Japanese web site by useing the simple Japanese type method.
How cheeky and stupid they are.
He now able to speak various words (For example, the name of animals) and He doesn't need a baby-car any more.
The reason is that some kids had been watching me for a while.
When we were talking about that I thought the time was running out fast.
Now the vacation (respite, diversion) is over, and I must free myself from the games to focus my mind on more significant things.
I went to Universal Studios on Sunday with my brother, my mother, my friend and my friend's mother.
To get to Universal Studios we took a train.
First we rode a new attraction called Fantagi.
It was a nice attraction.
Universal Studios was very fun.
I would like to go again.
now (no comma) I am listening to music.
cn. If you have something to share with me, tell me through it.
But I don `t really like to study.;-(
Next February, I'm going to take the entrance examination for Tokyo University.
However, I'm not good at English, so I joined Lang-8 in order to develop my English writing ability.
Can you guess what I answered to that?
It wasn't very productive, but I watched an titled 'Hajime no ippo (The First Step)' on youtube.
I didn't subscribe to weekly comics, such as 'JUMP' and 'MAGAZINE', at that time so I didn't know anything about the story-line.
but it was canceled because of an idiot!
So, I bought Sheperd Pies at a shop and washed some lettuce and
Nari, the dolphin, is one of a pod of about thirteen wild dolphins that attend a nightly hand feeding event at a resort on Morten island off Brisbane.
The dolphin was spotted to have a very deep wound from a bite of a large shark on Friday, until Monday the animal had not emerged from Moreten bay at its nightly feed, and it was feared it may have been injured, but the twelve-year-old dolphin returned to its regular feeding spot on Monday night, and is transported by a boat to the sea world of the Australia's gold coast, where he underwent the surgery and now is recovering.
The dolphin is said to be coping quite well, and is expected to be back in the wild within forty to six weeks.
I was using safari since I bought an Iphone.
But I didn't use safari so I decided that I stop using safari and other Iphone functions except phone, e-mail and something that doesn't use 3G.
It was useful because I could visit places I haven't been to before.
It was a pleasure to me because I've never done that before.
So I walk around Nara city near my house.
I will go his restaurant again in the near future.
Because my car's color is black.
I want to study English.
sth???? like M. J.
perhaps cause M. J., so l listened the Beatles.
Today is my first day on Lang-8! Hooray! And I hope it will be useful for me.
I ate fried minced meat, egg roll, and sausage. After that, I went to my friend's house and played a lot of games.
3 days ago, my aunt called me and she asked about working in her convenience store for 4 days.
Starting foreign language education at a very early age is a good idea.
The second reason is, if starting English at a very early age, they can know pleasure of communicating in English, not Japanese, and they can be excited about learning English.
In these ways, I agree that starting foreign language education at a very early age is a good idea.
So we split up.
Today I'm very happy, because this morning I bought a green screen for chroma keying in my shooting!:) It's fantastic, you have to film against a green background and then in post production you can remove it and replace it with the background you'd like.
introductory Sino-Korean and lastly...
Anybody who reads my diary will be happy.
I will participate in full marathon convention for the first time in January next year.
This morning I ran for 4km at 10 kilometers an hour.
There are gold stars, big and small circles on a brilliant emerald green.
But the dry flower is real.
The ingredient is gel not nail polish.
Gel is very wonderful ingredient.
My emotion is influenced by the bad weather.
world is enormous and the possibilities are endless.
and new environment.
as the saying goes, ``being young means no failure.`` I believe we
I imagine that I coul n't know you because you had a big change.
Emma Watson x People tree is the greatest collaboration ever!
I don't think it's funny, so please respect the victims..
I want to lose weight and buy it.
It is pity that I cannot reply to my friends.
ratio among the developed countries.
I feel happy to have free time without TV, cell phones,
Yesterday, my wife and I went to the ob-gyn hospital to examine our baby
I begin new days.
I hope my friends are happy everyday!
It is not a reasonable price for me, but ths massage really effectively recharges my energy.
However, many foot massage services advertise themselves as English oriented massage method or something.
Please recommend my english name!!
Plz recommend my English name!!
I was surprised because I couldn't catch what the speaker said.
I was woken up by unusually bright sunlight this morning.
Because, you know, a lot of power plants which are managed by Tokyo Electric Power Company or Tohoku Electric Power Company have stopped running since the earthquake.
So the Japanese government has been calling out to people to save electricity.
But some people are misunderstanding.
I worry that people, especially old people, who don't use air conditioning in very hot weather and can't stand the heat may get heatstroke.
And this shop has a nice atmosphere, too.
We visit Mizuki Shigeru road by a local train which has drawings of many hobgoblins characters.
I am so busy that I usually forget about them.
Actually, I deleted history on Windows Explorer, but I did not clear the document history.
I was researching my other job, so I couldn't write down today's diary here.
The photo was taken last year.
I'm looking forward to meeting him.
However, the spa was very nice and lunch was also excellent:D!
I major in German.
I want to speak English fluently.
I totally recommend this shop.
We have a school festival every autumn, it is a very big event.
Today is an unlucky day!
In the morning, I hurried to get up, and ate sandwiches, which I had prepared last night.
Then, I realized that I had forgotten my ticket and wallet.
Especially women like to talk about other people.
Finally, I decided to throw them (all) out except for the graduation certificate (join to next sentence)
a nice language exchange partner
As a result, the level of my English is declining.
With continuing practicing, I believe I can speak English with foreign friends one day.
Nevertheless many Koreans say that children have to live with their parents.
And they can grow in having less stressed situations compared to children without parents.
After get married many people want to live as a nuclear family.
And they say that most parents shouldn't/ can't insist on the right to criticize those who won't take care of their parents after getting married.
The mood of the city was so interesting and new to me!
Night market is a special culture in Taiwan, and there are a lot of delicious food and traditional handicrafts.
My listening skill is very weak, so I always got the lowest score in the listening score of the TOEFL.
Tomorrow is a holiday, so I will answer the comments of previous I-diaries of mine.
I've made a big mistake,
Two days ago there was one unidentified payment in my bank account.
Althought it was good to solve the money puzzle, I have a new puzzle to solve. How did the first guy know about that unidentified payment I had in the first place?
It was the most memorable experience that I have had so far.
Let me not be afraid.
I have learned of multifarious historical events of cruelty, massacre or carnage which are aimed at wrong sovereignty.
I always go to clinics, meet doctors and advertize to or inform them about my company's medicine.
However, sometimes I am appriciated by doctors for my support.
In Madrid, it has been raining all the time and going outside was impossible.
Sometimes I'm confused and I don't know a good sentence.
They're friendly, walking beside you, always lending an ear when you're happy or upset.
I want to buy shampoo and conditioner at half price.
They are consumed quickly and used everyday,
I'm a 22 years old Japanese woman.
I can see good points in others.
I try to accumulate childcare experience because I want to be a good aupair for my future host family.
We have a lot of time to study, but I waste a lot of it.
I am very helpless and unhappy.
This phrase has the same meaning and uses the same thing (in this case screw) in several countries.
I corrected some diary written by Japanese learners.
It is so interesting!
He sleeps in his hummock outside and jump into river to wash his body.
In morning I received your present, how beautiful necklace, I think this gift is the best birthday gift!
Suddenly, I'm a little bit frustrated about the situation because I can't respond to people immediately.
In this first semester, I need to choose an area which connect to my next semester's vacation placement, it is like an internship somewhere to do practical work.
I chose ``Mental health`` this semester, this is a big challenge!
I have poor listening skills and my spoken language is also very poor.
Maybe.
``Takht-e Jamshid`` or ``Persepolis`` was an ancient city and one of the capitals of ``Hakhamaneshian`` dynasty for many years.
My hobbies are listening to music, watching TV, playing sports, and so on.
But it was ok, I enjoyed it.
We had a good time at the restaurant.
I think it was reasonable.
I met so many people from around the world.
I couldn't speak korean very well.
By the weather forecast, it will rain tomorrow.
And two typhoons will come close Japan.
So, even if Japanese people cannot speak both English and Mandarin, we can still communicate with them lol.
I don't know what the Koreans and Taiwanese think of Japanese people who are studying English in foreign countries.
Lately I've been going to Akibahara alot.
I attended a meeting for those who are interested in finance and/ or accounting.
But, suddenly it started to rain.
Aedile, I'm afraid sharks vs. gorillas is too absurd even for the Colosseum...
that has been a crowd-pleaser in the past, but it would be politically inexpedient considering the number of noble families that are converting to that faith.
I had a trip to Aomori prefecture with nearby farmers at the end of last October.
First of all, I went to the top of the Shimokita peninsula in Aomori prefecture, and I ate a delicious tuna at Ohmacho-town.
Second, I had a good time to see the landscape of the Japan sea at the top of Turuga peninsula
Because there's no car at that area.
This trip was too late for the season.
She was really surprised knowing that.
Sometimes I'm too single-minded, so for example, if I decide to study English, I would think of nothing but English.
I think it's my mostserious weak point.
I'm acasual smoker, I would like to stop smoking.
(Singapore is anEnglish speaking country, soI think I should not say this....
Which is the best answer?
I wil introduce useful websites or tools for learning languages (English, Chinese, Japanese, and so on).
Let's learn foreign languages more pleasantly and cheaply!
And the teachers said that it's not a festival for you students in grade three in senior high school! How hard they want us to work.
If I write something in an impolite way, please tell me.
I was asking if they would like to have some more ice tea,
They feel my son fascinates me.
Wow, Ukraine!
According to the article, in Belgium, there are four parties and they all have trouble with languages.
In some parts of Belgium, people speak French, other people basically use Dutch, and a few people speak German as a common language.
The prince and her father are not described in detail.
Cinderella becomes a heroine just because she gets married to him.
We all have read or watched this at least once in our lives and it is still read by a lot of people.
Althought He had mistakes in his reserches, I think he lived a respectable life.
We read an essay in which the writer said, ``An umbrella is a kind of a nuisance,`` or something.
In 2009, many scientific studies showed that the chocolate is very healthy, is rich in flavonoids, is good protection against the sun, improves the heart, decreases blood pressure, and it would even protect against cancer.
``Shiroi taiyaki`` is a kind of sweets popular in Japan this time of year.
The meaning of ``Shiroi`` is white.
We went to Yeouido to see ``The Fireworks Festival``.
What is correct?
After the big earthquake and accident at the nuclear energy plant, my company recommended that I work from home until we could confirm the safety level of the radiation.
My Chinese friend made a big decision.
This reminds me of diamonds and coal, both are composed of the chemical element ``carbon.`` but they are so different: diamonds are sparkling, expensive, clean, while coal is dark, cheap and dirty.
The difference is in the base: the way molecules of carbon are bonded
Coal can generate thermal energy, which helps to provide electricity.
I was disappointed.
You should say:
Across the River Seine next to the museum, there is a very famous museum named the Louvre Museum.
I don't know the story's details yet because this musical is their original story.
I have never forgotten this memory....
I had never seen such a big cockroach.
I got an invitation and have joined Lang-8 since last year, but I haven't written anything or even looked at this site for a long time.
Girls in my town are already enjoying wearing various beautiful
In such an occasion, I am grateful for being a woman.
It's a funny movie! But I found it a little vulgar.
I was surprised to see a lot of sex scenes.
This was my first (only English) speaking camp, so keeping this rule was little difficult for me, but I managed to live only speaking English.
Most of the schedule was practice such as, discussion, listening, vocalization, reading, etc.
In another activity, we had BBQ, played volleyball, and other interesting things.
In closing, our group leader read a speech through tears.
I had to decide on a section before I got off the bus.
There are four sections in The UK ESS, parliamentary debate, academic debate, speech, and ISS.
In the second semester, our main ESS activity is section, so I am looking forward to practicing academic debate.
Then, he said, ``We Japanese do not insist so strongly like you.``
I have suffered from migraine since I left the office yesterday.
I think that I am not used to have a nap yet, I decided to sleep a little sometimes.
Any help/ tips or comments would be greatly appreciated.
After my sister and I grew up, we left our parents and started living independently.
I'm studying English now.
is there anything else...?
If I go there again, I will go bankrupt.
We picked a full bag of peaches and plums, and went happily back.
Normally, the last week is special for everyone.
I didn't know what happened.
On the train there was an announcement saying, ``All passengers get off this train right now``.
On that day, we were taught about the Asuka era of Japan in English by foreign people.
I went to the Toy Museum with a foreigner.
It was very comfortable to see!!
And I also entered level A though I have never won there....
Immunisation Requirements
Immunisation Requirements vary from country to country.
I will outline the immunisation requirements in Taiwan below:
I have ridden in airplanes a couple of times, but I have never gone to the airport just see them.
I hope one day I will speak English....
I didn't know an important truth till then.
Today I learned about making traditional Brazilian alcohol
``Hey Kichibeido you remembe your promise?
That's why I finished my work earlier than usual and came here, finally.
Sometimes I want to be good student but it's very hard.
I heard my relatives said they have a firecracker show at the South Bank in Brisbane.
But there might be no performance this year, because of the floods.
Today, at English class, I was taught that ``modern world is one`` is an incorrect sentence.
Do you have similar experience of this?
Also, cosmetics, fashion, magazines, movies make me excited.
I enjoy learning English, I wish I can say it frequently...
I am so happy, because I understood what the boys said, and I knew how to say what I wanted to ask.
I would like to speak a lot of languages, too.
If I could get one year sabbatical, where should I go?
I wrote many articles this year about topics such as an entrance ceremony, sports meet, open school, track meet, children's sumo wresling meet, volunteer work, a school play, school excursion, school festival, aquathlon race (swimming and running,) and Beethoven's Ninth Symphony concert in Kokugi-kan.
Anyway, I Love English and I'm an optimistic person, I'm going to enjoy writing.
Today, typhoon came to my city.
He must practice chinese characters (KANJI).
This is my favourite program in the UK, because it is fun.
The program invites different guests every week, such as singers, actors/ actresses, comedians, cooks, athletes, etc
When Lady Gaga was a guest, she was asked some unfavoured question, so she answered on the phone which she was wearing on her head.
Now I am happy that I can understand English, because I can know foreign TV star's characters.
She told me of some places where she has found mulberry trees.
I hope tomorrow is fine.
The difference was, however, that he kept on going to his potty even while wearing his diaper.
I will hardly visit and study, but I want to make many friends.
When I found this site, I decided to post my journal everyday.
When I said that her students seem to have been improving their Japanese a lot, she looked really happy to hear it.
They often gave me the energy to teach.
I will start to clean up things soon after I use them.
I went inline skating at the Hadson River Park with my friend.
I could do it anyways, but my friend couldn't and held the bar the whole time... it was so cute:)
We could see the beautiful sunset...
You know, if you are bitten by mosquito you have push and push the skin with your finger.
PL fireworks festival is one of the biggest festivals in the world.
When I was ranked, it's on purpose.
At that time, I uploaded 12 entries a day.
This time, I uploaded 4 entries a day, and I didn't intend to be ranked.
I ended up 4 entries when I uploaded ones which I wanted to write at that day. (a bit unclear)
Kimono-a kind of Japanese tradional clothes-are made from Asa (hemp?) or Kinu (silk) in general.
Today, I have a presentation about Japanese weddings in my English class.
Japanese tradditional traditional weddings are ``jinnzennsiki`` which are held in a shrine.
However now this type of wedding is 20% of the marriage ceremony in Japan.
I think that many girls are attracted by a white dress!
A couple and guest is to be superstitious in a ceremony even now.
If you are invited to a ceremony and a party,
you need to give a couple some money for a celebrating present.
Even number to spare number suggest that a couple is to be divided!
so I'm going to introduce myself.
And it enables us to enjoy taking a bath outside and to overlook the valley.
Job hunting gave me pretty good opportunities to seriously think about how I want to live in the future. Maybe we have to pursue this answer indefinitely though.
I am writing about my favorite thing today.
My favorite rider is the Italian rider, Mr.
They are both on the Italian team this season.
Hida meat is very famous, but it's very expensive.
My favorite book.
One time, when I was really interested in the English language,
She had been reading books since she was young. Her parents do not take care of her and leave her alone at home.
She is really different from other girls. When she goes to school her teacher is really surpised because she is much more clever than normal girls.
That story gave me inspiration to study English.
However, I want to try cooking roast chicken and I have to prepare party stuff and decorations.
It's seems a little bit complicated to me.
It seemed to be a very nice day.. so I took a chance to ride my bike because it had been a long time since I used it.
That's how I caught a serious cold..
What kind of transportation do you usually use?
her colon and anus were demolished.
she can't be pregnant and she has to have an artificial organ in her body.
My husband has shoulder pain.
I think, it is something that I can believe in, and it make me a kind of positive or happy.
I am so depressed, I study English every day, and after finish class, I return home for continue to study English at home, but whatever I try it has no benefit. I memorize English vocabulary every day, but in the next day I will forget half of them, I feel so upset, I think my IQ is good, but my memory is not so good....
Can anyone tell me how to remember English words faster? Thanks
I was classified as intermediate level.
When I came back to my house, I remembered the incident this morning.
I want to know if foreigners color their hairs or not.
the weather is beautiful.
my roomate asked me to take care of her, I don't wanna let her die in my hands... if so it would be a memorable experience in my Australian life.
The way I expressed above may sound insensitive (and I'm afraid of doing so.), but in my case that makes me realise that I'm lucky in such a peaceful society and makes me think about people not in the situation.
He is making an effort to make their own paradise.
He imagines when he comes back and sees the beautiful face of his lover, tears in her eyes, but she will smile happily, and she will still love him as passionately as in the beginning.
Please help me correct my mistakes, Thank you so much!!!
Today my english (and I know about this very well) I commiting a lot of boob;-) I really like learn english words, but I have a BIG BIG REALLY BIG;) problem about grammar:(Polish language is different, we have another grammar and sometimes (ok, almost always;-)) I speak/ write incorrect;)
I thought that was too expensive!
In addition, I learn Japanese in my spare time to enrich myself.
Watch your manners when drinking with clients or your seniors.
Don't be their alcohol go below half a glass.
Many people buy a lot of doughnuts.
There are a lot of people who like doughnuts in my town.
They both are down to earth and very genuine.
More speaking, little action, and lacking an ending.
I can barely finish all of the questions but not enough time to double-check.
In the movie she played a police officer and one of the Miss United State candidates.
If you know the best way to remember, please write your way in the comments.
Tomorrow, it will be cold.
Maybe I won't be able to forget her after this.
My husband left his cellphone in my house
I wondered.
I couldn't believe myself!
Yesterday when I watched the news I saw that over 1000 elementary and junior high school students in Fukushima changed their schools during summer vacation in order to avoid the radiation from nearby nuclear plants.
Under now circumstances in Japan, we've been sensitive about food ingredients.
I'm Japanese and live in Hiroshima, which is a very peaceful city.
Today I finally finished my thesis and I will be graduating from school in maybe two weeks.
My brother said to me that my grandmother was transfered to the emergency room for her brain surgery
I will probably have muscle aches tomorrow.
My allowence is far from being able to afford even the cheapest one.
Soo today I write something in English.
OK so today I also decided to first learn some Japanese words and then write somthing here, till then I will be using only English.
I desperately searched for an Australian conversation partner, but three months were not long enough to master conversational level of English.
He answered me, we introduced each other, and began to talk.
At first, I thought it would be really difficult. I was afraid I might break my computer.
However, he miraculously recovered and he is full of energy now:)
I got the form for it from the city and sent it back after filling in the information that they need.
I thought it'd be a very good place in this extreme hot summer, but it was too cold to stay long.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm really vulnerable to the temptation of sleep, especially in the morning and afternoon.
especially in my city, Kumamoto.
It won't save you if you only drink coffee because vagetable (vegetables) and some other nutritional foods are important.
This means that I am not able to use word, exel or any other software and systems well.
I told them many times that I don't know much about PC software.
I am not good at english, but I will try to study.
Recently, on the contrary, speaking English is getting a to be a little burden to me. The more I learn and know that I have to put what I really mean into the words, the more I'm scared and concerned that I would give people a wrong or bad impression of me.
I admit to say I'm a little insecure, which I don't like to be.
It is quite difficult for me to understatnd slang. (Oops, is this slang in the first place? or are my studies lacking?)
She is fascinates me though I don't listen to pop music very much.
At that time, my heart was beating so fast.
Although the weather was not perfect to see the far view such as Mt.
I am really nervous.
In my student time, my writing test always get
-My writing is just so disastrous that it discourages readers to read and correct... (highly probable.)
Yesterday I went to Church in Higashi-nakano.
My friend recommended it. It seemed like a good opportunity to get to know foreign culture through understanding Christianity although I'm not Christian.
There are many people who are native speakers who can speak English very fluently.
Then, our company held a sports event the day before yesterday and I took part in many activities.
First, enormous reading is regarded as a priority in the process of study.
On one hand, rote learning is not really worthwhile. On the other hand, reciting on the base of understanding is definitely good.
After a while, you will store up a large number ofarticles in brain.
We will feel easy when we use English to express our views.
It's said that vegetables are good for your health, so I make sure I use vegetables.
For today's dinner, I made steamed rice with vegetables and meat mixed in, grilled mackerel, shrimp spring roll, fried chicken, boiled spinach, grilled pacific cod with white sauce and vegetable soup (including garlic).
Do you think we need to create a '' common language '' for people in the world?
The first day's result was not successful. I could get up early, but I wasn't able to do anything I had expected.
I am a funny guy!
It's the business language.....
Not only this, even though the school is an international school, there are so many Korean students and poor chance to speak in or listen to English.
Children and fools always speak the truth.
I finished my breakfast at six o 'clock; then, sat on the sofa and spent some time watching UEFA.
Yesterday I went to my friend's birthday party at my American friend's house.
We also had a big ice cream cake and snacks.
We also drank a lot of alcohol, especially the people whose birthday it was.
By the time the party was almost over, a couple people passed out.
If it keeps snowing through the evening I shall not find my house under the snowdrifts-this is Russian weather.
Going back from work to my house, I was driving at a maximum speed of 40km per hour.
If the snow wasn't making it cold enough, the heating in the house has stopped working.
Yesterday I had a fever of 38 degrees C.
I don't have enough information about finances.
and we enjoyed a game and making friends with the members of the committee in my university.
It is to organise?? the festival of university.
Only suginami-ku (one town of Tokyo) was entered in Japan.
Some people don't like security check, but it
In the end, you can board the airplane at the gate.
They have your seat number in
that experience and I have to take an airplane but I need to
It's kind of scary to meet someone who I haven't seen for a long time, but positively thinking, it'll be a good opportunity to catch up on things we've done!
Talking to my friends will helps me relax and get rid of the pressure and stress from my work!
I've realized that grocery stores and the whole city are getting ready to be decorated for Christmas lately which makes me feel this year's almost over!
Today I received a notebook which I ordered a day before yesterday.
But I thought it's dangerous to buy something expensive before seeing it directly.
Now, I want to be a customer service agent in an airport.
There is some grammar I can't remember.
Hope I can successfully pass this examination.
If you have any interest in the web site, you shouldn't wait, just ask me.
I'm a big fan of ``The Dark Knight`` and ``Memento`` and I like Ken Watanebe.
Absentminded story
Another example, I went to my room to fetch something, but I forgot what it was when I arrived.
I couldn't undersand the contents, so I was so bored and sleepy.
we had been waiting for a long time to see the famous band,. we weren't sorry to have seen it because it made us very happy to listen to the music and dance.
I went there early and I decided to go to my home before the music started because I wanted to check my diary and read a book.
I have spent my time for preparing for a seminar.
Behind the counter, there are machines which scan the bar code and say if you win or not.
You can win a voucher for two euros, five euros, or a big surprise (I don't know what kind of surprise).
During that time, I've met a professor who was Mr. (name of my last supervisor)'s friend and he'd introduced me.
However my purpose isn't loving. I try to concentrate on what I should do now>_ <
Lately I began to have doubts over the choice of my future job.
I want to be a journalist.
In my opinion, a journalist should write about what he knows very well or write about what nobody knows.
I am not sure whether I will have good topics in the future, whether I will pass exams and enter the University, whether I will find a job in good a newspaper or a magazine.
Although I have been learning english since I was 12 years old.
Gradually, I realized that English is very important.
These days I am interested in learning English.
And my major was Japanese.
And make friends who come from everywhere.
I must make more effort!!
According to his explanation, it seldom stops, but (or and) it is recovered by turning it on and off.
Just think about the fuel rods, they could provide everyone in Tokyo with enough electricity every day.
If they can pass the test, they will be given licenses.
(The salary of a career-changer is different.)
A HAPPY NEW YEAR
Whathever, sometimes you just want to relax without thinking for a week about what the ending of the last movie you saw meant.
I Regretted Eating 8 Pieces of Cookies
So, I ate 8 pieces of cookies for dessert after dinner.
After ate them, I regret eating too much...
But the strawberry cookies was very delicious!!
Anyway, why do the humans want sweet after exercising hard?
:) I haven't tried out my lovely baby yet because of my damn busy job.
We are crazy.
I will have a holiday the day after tomorrow again.
We ordered buta-tama (pork and egg) and takoyaki.
If you see ``FRESHNESS BURGER``, could you try one?
Earthquakes have happened since this morning, on and off.
My dream is to go to an American school or university to study!
Driving test
I am curious how difficult the written driving exam is in other countries..
First of all, I want to say that I don't know very much about the relations between North and South Korea.
I wish I could recover immediately. I hope I recover soon
I like snow, but I sometimes hate it because it's difficult to drive on roads covered by a lot of snow.
I started using skype today, because we can speak in different world languages there.
I am thinking of practicing speaking English.
If you have skype account, please call me!!
I like online games and Motorcycles.
One-piece, Naruto, K-on!!, and Bleach are good anime.
Fortunately, most of them find one of the best partners for spending the rest of their lives with peacefully without any complicated trouble, unlike some of the famous golf players.
but after a few months problems started and my mom and grandma were fighting a lot verbally and sometimes physically.....
I registered on Lang-8 today.
I drink a glass of soymilk with two spoonfuls of the vinegar every day.
I watched ``Valentine's Day``, which was started playing yesterday.
A lot of foreigners were at the theater and laughed a lot.
Last night I was watching Billy& Mandy, one of my favorite cartoons, and I saw that Grim, a character from the anime, was holding cute skull shaped cookies.
But, unfortunately, God forsook us.
To be continued.
Soon, My son will be in a summer vacation.
ITS URGENT, PLEASE, CORRECT THIS ONE! Please!
I believe that life is a art and we can paint our life as we like, so no one is the same.
And this is very helpful when I make something creative, such as cards or calligraphy.
I have watched Friends many times.
I like Ross best because he is so kind to his friends and he is so lovely when he is with Rachel.
Until now this friend's children were all boys.
New Zealand is now winter and this morning was freezing.
Normally I wake up around 7am and these days sunrise is after 7: 30, so every morning I have to wake up in the dark.
Tonight I will go to bed early.
Today is children's day in Japan.
Recently, I read the book titled 'Syabake'.
Luckly I woke up tonight.
The population of Japan is decreasing now, but the business in Japan is doing poorly.
I had some potato salad sandwiches, cherries, and iced coffee.
Like other countries, children in Japan believe that Santa exists.
Gonna work as a web creator after graduating (only 2months left!).
They were the offensive side, and we were the defensive side.
My advanced class students learned how to inquire at places like hotels, cultualcultural centers and infometion center information centres; asking the price, the way to get there, what kind of facilities they have...
But I couldn't understand how to purl, until my granny showed me how to do this.
Finally, I slipped it again and knitted some pairs of socks and gloves for my father and brother.
I need the computer because I am studying English and Ihave todo myhomework.
So, they are not eager to get married.
so I can't read messages.
I looked up several recipe websites to see if there are any other recipes to make with leftover turkey.
But recently, it has become more difficult to communicate with China& Russia about territorial affairs/ matters/ problems.
Have you heard what happened between Japan and China, and Russia.
For our kid's future, we must communicate constructively with logical thinking.
I went to climbthe mountain, which is near my apartment, but the mountain is very short.
If it is bad for my health, I will reduce the amount of coffee I drink.
Recently I have been going to driving school.
I want to go shopping and sightseeing and eat hamburger.
I'm relieved because no trouble has happened, as a result.
In the first two days, I just took a break.
I think it was not relaxing.
A: What a strange factory!
All his dishes looked so yummy so the next day I went to the book shop and bought his cook book.
She is going back to Ireland so I decided to make something for her.
And as you may know, I am living in Eugene, Oregon--a very rural area, so I can't get them easily.
It costs 65 dollars.
We slept only 3 hours each night.
It was so regrettable because if we weren't nervous we could do better:(I don't know why I was so nervous.
At first, it was an ordinary thing. But after I grew up, I felt that I had missed a great something, which was my father `s affection. I realized that I didn't receive from my father except for his money.
After my mother `s death, I thought that my father would change for the better and play my mother's role, but unfortunately he couldn't do that.
In spite of that, I love my father so much, but if I had had the capacity to choose my father, I wouldn't have chosen him.
Don't spend most of your time working, because you believe that your children need money. Of course they do, but be aware that they need love before anything else.
It is when I am passing over the bridge that I see the almond moon over the sky.
Dessert was too sweet for me though, but my sister said it was good.
Yesterday, I got a new family who study Japanese and are going to stay at my house for 4 months.
I think people become unaware of how important the things we care about are as we get older.
Anyway I think this movie is not only for children but also for adults.
It's very exciting and entertaining and an heart-warming film.
We had booked a room in the Hilton Hotel before we traveled there.
I am good at receiving, so I am entrusted to be in libero position.
So, I want you to correct my Journals or to send me any messages.
Love sharply and deeply, although you can become hurt this is a unique way to live completely.
I was going to buy running shoes, but what I actually bought was a DVD and so on.
he will soon be able to stand by himself.
There were a lot of ropes with different blocks (polyspasts), funny mirrors, infrared cameras with displays, magnets, models of the ancient ``Perpetuum mobile`` (of course they don't work).
I chaired the club meeting.
My son actually chose it, but it was luscious and I was elated.
I want to learn Korean, but I don't know how to study it and which book can help me...
Is it look like a black flower??
I'm planning to get a driving license before long.
abroad......
But I have trusted the Government.
There were a lot of women.
``Zyoshiki`` means girls got together and talking about boyfriends, work, and life Enjoying happy ``girls only`` time.
The medical center cooperated with many student restaurants and invited them to offer nutritious but delicious lunches.
There were fruit sandwiches, Korean food (without meat), spaghetti with vegetables and chicken, and so on.
I had lots of chances to fly on airplanes around that time.
The place of the story is Barcelona. (Is this a right spelling?)
So, I began to take Chinese herbal medicine.
On Saturday, I'm planning to go to my friend's birthday party!!
My hobbies are soccer and tennis, and I'm interested in anime.
I set it up (It was a little difficult.) and used it, but I was disappointed.
It means I have to switch and link items when/ every time I want to use the headset with other applications.
I searched the internet and it says it takes you 1000 hours to understand what a native speaker is saying.
I am a student and a scientist at school, so I spend a lot of time studying and doing research.
But now, I got a breather to write an entry.
Hot springs are also effective for curing a variety of diseases.
What I find difficult is the pronunciation and writing in English, while I find it pretty easy to read and listen to English passages.
One of them tried to catched the thrown ball from the QB, Rogers who was elected as a MVP player in the Super Bowl.
We were glad watching in that moment.
I will never forget at that moment, when everyone was smiling and embracing.
It's a special day for me
Although I don't have a lot of money and pretty girlfriend,
I've studied English for a long time (actually I'm also taking my major that is economics in English now, because of university policy...) but still speaking and writing in English is kind of really difficult for me.
This will be really honor for me, if you guys have confidence in using English to edit my diary correctly.
Because of it, it felt too uncomfortable to rest in the afternoon.
Today's weather in Wu han is so great. It is sunny, so we can wash clothes in the dormitory.
I never read them to the end. I would like to, but I am a crazy girl.
I know it is really hard to do. Sometimes I feel lazy and sometimes I feel drowsy and would like to sleep.
Hello everyone.
I'm practicing ``In too deep`` by Sum41:)
However, unfortunately my son caught the ball someone pitched.
My team's parents were talking about the move with disappointment.
I can't believe it!
Seinfeld is a comedy drama based on the real life of Mr.
Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew McConaughey appeared in this American romantic comedy movie.
I have an English test tomorrow that I wanna (want to) pass.
There are around 328 people dead.
Last week, my classmate who is now a teacher told me that there are 2 classes that have been stopped due to H1/ N1 in her school.
The most impressive car was TOYOTA FR-S concept.
When painting a picture from your memory, simply close your eyes and think about the innocence of childhood or your first bittercrush.
I think I have the responsebillity to remind you, my friends, to pay more attention to your health.
Personly, I insist the fact that health is the first.
I was excited and moved by the close match.
but I was frightened by their high skill, technique, body strength,
From today may 1st, 2009, onwards, they have 'Sakura special', for example a Sakura scone.
But they put the price up!!
My company had an exhibition in a department store.
I had to be a prompter girl there with a lot of show girls.
I left home at 8: 30 to go to Toronto, Canada.
I am looking for people who can teach me English.
Which sentence is correct?????
I studied English at school for about 8 years.
for a long time ~ or for a while or forever ~
Why don `t scientists invent this machine,
Some of our members (unfortunately they couldn't join the re-union) have got married, had babies, and what's more, one of them has already divorced!!
If I have mistakes, correct itplease.
For some years, Ididn 'tdo agood job and have many many troubles.
Life is a journey.
I just watched the movie called Avatar.
You often see its advertisement on TV recently.
These days, many students don't like math to be difficult.
Because it is hard to make the adjustment and there is few unorthodox fighter than orthodox fighter.
I will be staying here for ten months.
I think maybe I would understand why he had a two-faced attitude like L 'etranger...
These day I am interested in learning English.
Actually, I have graduated from university.
You find more tourists than Japanese around here and can listen to languages other than Japanese, such as Chinese, Korean, and, needless to say, English.
The access to the airport is easier than from Shinjuku or Shibuya.
The atmosphere here is more down-to-earth.
If your mood is in, you can have them on a boat with Tatami-mat watching skyscrapers, what's more a strange object architecture on a famous companies roof, which seems to me a gold excrement...
Although I've studied English for 10 years, my English is really poor.
I took a grammar test at school this morning.
However, I heard that my level up test score sucks.
To tell you the truth, I feel sorry for him, because he really looked sad...
However, I think that street_ performers should be much better at juggling.
Street_ performers are often bad at juggling, because they don't need to be very good at juggling to surprise audiences.
I was very hot but very happy!
I changed my job this Novmber to work at hospital.
Humm I still don't know what to write about, and I definitely need some help, because I never have time to practice my written English...
I watched TV and made accessorries.
But it was cold and their bodys shivered, and I did too.
Next, I must learn what my bad side is and try to control it.
Once there is something wrong with the electric (electronic?) or programs (programming?), robots will become a good-for-nothing machine.
Supposing everything would depend on robots, What would human beings be like?
Hello =)
Therefore, I can 't sleep...
This year there was also a street market where you could buy paintings, bracelets and other things, many people participated.
Our baby will be born this February.
I thought 'bout a barbershop
Today I went to a barbershop.
I took theTOEIC test last Sunday.
I work Italian restaurant.
Although, I don't know how to use it.
This is one of my favorite points of my English school.
Usually there are 5 ~ 7 adults, including the teacher, and 4 ~ 6 babys.
I started learning English in junior high school (from 13 years old) so I can't become bilingual.
It was very delicious.
Then I went to Jill's cafe event with my friends!
Jill Stuart invited me to it.
and he apologized to Jenny for for what he did to her that night.
I went to the National Museum of Korea for seeing the history of Egypt.
Today, I will attend a lecture by a financial expert
I will think it over because the subjects that I choose are very important.
I'm feeling somewhat weird since we don't have the summer time in Japan.
So I sent a message to him ``When will you call me?`` And he answered ``5: 30 I will meet you at Arsenal station, OK?`` I went to the station, and I was wating for him, but he didn't come.
After that he sent a message to me ``I'm sorry.
My friend had a problem.
I decided not to promise anything more with him.
When I was defense, I only striked.
It rained heavily today.
I heard on the TV weather forecast that a few days later, it'll be hot again.
Of course the camera was broken completely.
I have studied American and British literature for about 3 years.
Especially when you take two totally different language courses, it would drive you crazy.
Every time she starts to choose students to anwser her questions, I always pray that she won't call on me again and again.
I live in Kumamoto city, and Kumamoto city has a similar altitude to Los Angeles and Phoenix.
I was presented to it by my host mother when I stayed with my host family in the north of England for the purpose of going to the special school as a foreign staff member.
During the lessons, he is smiling in front of the mirror.
Hugh Laurie, who most of us know as Dr.
His position was offensive half, Midfielder.
I'm willing to correct essays/ notebook entries writen in Korean on Lang-8.
But after a period of training, I learned to operate it.
That's the reason that I have to say to all of you I'm sure that I'm a beginner both in English and using a PC.
So now you maybe feel funny and laugh at many mistakes in the English sentences written by myself.
I'm disappointed how limited my vocabulary is.
In total, we might as well wait the shuttle bus of Carrefour due to its convenience.
but it's okay.
mystery is always be a thrill, right?
Our Institute congratulates yours on its 30th anniversary very much.
Heavy rain!!
It is hard for me to concentrate on studying.
Because my friends made girl friends, except me!
Since I finished military service, many things have changed.
From IT technology to people's value.
I couldn't adapt to this new society very well.
was on stage as a member of his band.
I do want to play this music very slowly.
My favorite pianist, Fredy Kempf, always play the pathetique mov. 2 very slowly.
I don't know which is the correct expression to say. That the copper ``gets reduced`` and the zinc ``gets oxidated``...?
I am interested in learning English and hope to make friends from many countries.
If you have a question about Korean food, education, culture etc, would you contact me?
As you know, the situation at the nuclear power plant in Fukushima plants is terrible.
The company has a big luxury accommodation near the nuclear power plant.
But the company has locked the doors of the rooms and forced the field workers to sleep in corridors with blankets.
The Tokyo Electric Power Company said ``We will use the accommodation afterward so we don't want field workers use them and get them dirty.``
Honestly speaking, I'm a little nervous now.
However, in response he gave me an wink with a funny face!
Then, the online teacher said ``What happened, Masami??
there are many classics which were writen by our ancestors There are many modern works too.
chinse books.
Playing the trumpet is very difficult because I must use my lip muscles around the mouth and breath adequately to keep correct pitch and rhythm.
Now, our orchestra is preparing to perform the pieces, Brahms 'Symphony No.
I teach her Japanese.
She is really pleasant, cheerful and definitely different from
sentences and grammar.
Five people including me attended this meeting.
It was a good opportunity to think about my career.
I tried to walk to the hospital near my house, but I couldn't.
He can speak intermediate level Japanese, probably he can explain English grammar to me in Japanese.
When I was in Sydney, I hired a damn cheeky Australian Japanese tutor.
Oh, I've drifted off topic.
In short, we can't talk loudly in a library, so we can't practice speaking.
Today I went to the stationery store and I bought a wonderful ecologic notebook and two drawing pencils.
Actually, I'm not the type of a girl who writes a diary entry everyday, but I think it's a very interesting system.
Hmm... what else should I write... yeah, I suck at writing anything even my own language.
but I couldn't do anything for them.
Now, I really talk with people even if they are Japanese because of my busy work.
One is to give encouragementin a positive sense.
Today I applied for ``Kyoto Charity Fun Run`` and entered a group in the half-marathon.
While we are reading mystery, we can pretend we are like Homes, and when reading adventure, we can jump from a cliff like Indy Jones!!!
I thought about something that I took a trip through whole Taiwan by bike last year.
It was almost in such a season
But I can learn about war through movies, newspapers and TV shows.
he did not die fortunately.
idk how to use Photoshop:(
Japan Soccer Go!
It is dry and pretty loud...
However, the class lasts more than 50 minutes.
For example, when I put any food in fridge [refrigerator] I must stamp date their labels.
I calculated the amount of words I need to memorize to pass the test.
If the husband dies earlier than the wife, the property was to be divided into quarters, and three quarters would go to the wife, and the rest to the brothers and sisters of the husband.
They came to the decision that they would let the old couple to divorce, and divide the property within their lifetime.
The problem of property inheritance used to be a rare event, but is common now.
Shiga prefecture is in the Kansai area, where people were not damaged by the quake.
I had to have a small camera with a long cord inserted into my stomach, which made me feel a little scared.
After the examination, I consulted with my doctor and was shown a picture that depicted the inside of my stomach.
I ate avocados few months ago.
There are only 8 students and I'm not one of them because our teacher choose them according his personal sympathy (((maybe it's just simpler for him not to take or deal with girls.
Moreover, I get up earlier than others, because I can study and work more efficiently in the early morning.
I appreciate it very much.
I was chatting with my friend, slept, and read books.
But I had a very happy holiday.
Last weekend, I went to a museum to see a Japanese painter's 3D art. It's so magical, you can see my magical painting in my photos.
Today it's raining:(((I don't like rain!!! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
When he went to Paris, he got into trouble at the airport, when his luggage was mistakenly sent to Africa.
It was mysterious and magical.
It is caused by refraction of moon light at a high altitude in fine ice.
But everyone else wear Spring coats.
Please take a second look at the label...
This is an example of the difference of democracy between the US and Japan.
Therefore I had decided to run at my fun-run pace.
Luckily, it is easier for learners to learn the Chinese grammar point about subject verb agreement which often annoys the learners in some any language study such as English.
I'm sure I passed the oral, but in the other test, I had to write a composition (no more than 180 words) which was the 40% of the total (I wanted to write cost, but I'm not sure if it's alright, so what I put was...
I felt nervous.
Can't 2012 be really coming? I hope it's never be true
I practiced listening and reading.
my japanese is so poor that I can't read the dialogues fluently, even can't write a complete sentence. I begin to lose confidence.
Today is raining.
Talking with others is the most important part of learning a foreign language, so I'll try to use it at various opportunities.
Everybody has the chance to give others gift in some celebrations and anniversaries. (anniversary)
My friend gave me a can of macadamia nuts as a soevenir from Hawaii.
I'm still in the phase to test one of the module to see if it works well. TT
My family loves him very much, he is the most precious thing in my
Now I'm looking forward to the the Spring Festival, when
Recently I started playing guitar.
I am a beginner now, but I want to play ``There but for fortune`` by Joan Baez on the guiter in the future.
It's Japanese traditional culture.
football and other kind of sports.
``Week of Sports`` is very interesting and fascinating.
It hasn't been a long time since the Japanese Prime Minister assumed.
I think this is such embarrassing news for Japan.
Although it rained off and on all the time, we began to walk while chatting.
The teacher is Filipino. They are all friendly and patient.
These things are enemies to learners.
Although today's weather forecast says [no comma] there is a 70% chance of rain....
Although I haven't been abroad, If I get a high score on toefl, I believe I will get a chance to go anywhere. OR Have a chance?
I have had a toothache these past couple of days.
Children of Immigrants
I watched a TV program about children of immigrants a few days ago.
The TV program showed that children of immigrants who had to go back to ``their mother countries`` haven't been paid attention to.
It is made of Hida-beef that has been raised around the meat of cattle, And it has a good reputation.
It is famous for the delicious food and its history of culture (no need to write here).
I'll be back tomorrow or you can also visit our office to pick up your delivery in the afternoon. ``
TomorryTomorrow I will go to work again.
I would like to study abroad.
I finished washing some glasses, and I was bringing it on a tray to the front counter through the tables, which most of them were filled by customers.
If it'd happened in Japan, I definitely would've been forced to say ``I am sorry`` to the customers since it may have bothered them.
yeah! Then, in my house with family, I 'lleat cake, decorate a tree--I hope for christmas snow!
Goodbye everyone I should sleep a little bit or I will fall asleep in the classroom.
Foreigners in Taiwan can feel they're welcome wherever they go.
And the youth are full of creativity as well.
It's so easy to imagine that they'll tell everything to classmates and their friends, although I don't want anyone know.
Althought I have learnt the Korean alphabets before,
Let me tell you about our vacation in Croatia this July.
But I cannot go this Sunday because I have something to do aside from tennis.
I bought and ate a croissant in this bakery.
There's little time when I can be satisfied with what I had done that day.
Unless we were geniuses, it would be difficult to be content.
Or even if we did as we scheduled, it would happen that we will forget certain amount until we get out of bed next day.
It will make it easier for me to catch my mistakes.
Today I was walking in the delivery ward
I cooked Korean food.
I'll definitely write in my diary every day ~.
Beer gardens and about the 15th of August!
It is a paste of azuki beans and is very important for Japanese-style confectionery.
the contest sponsor cut off all funding to the prizewinners.
but I will work hard on the T-shirt design.
Fortunately, I found a useful site of English grammar and I'd like to study using that.
Some people say they couldn't do what they wanted to do because they were too busy doing what they had to do.
Many 'to do's are opportunities to advance.
The Giant Killer Catfish. From Hell... Strikes Back.
Michail turned back and tried to run, but a huge barbel grabbed his leg, so he slipped on the mud and felt down.
Then he went to a hospital in Nanjing to have his operation, the docotr cut half of his lungs.
We donated money for him, but it didn't solve his problem.
Three main characters unfamiliar each other were at the crash scene and each story was focused on their dramatic but tragic and melancholy fates.
I was in a confusing situation
Today, when I was waiting for the bus to get home, three people sat at the bench of the bus stop. They were speaking Cantonese.
Both of them speak Cantonese so I think her explanation should of been better than mine.
If senior people become more and more and less and less babies are born, the senior peoples 'life would get longer and nobody can take care of them.
I can have a picnic with my family on a fine day.
Seuss!
So I encouraged myself, I could get benefit from this experience.
Its even popular to put fake eyelashes on their eyes.
Actually, I'm working for a beauty salon now.
And, I like typhoon days.
Typhoon days make me excited.
I guess one of the answers to this question is, people and money from all over the world are coming to London because of the less-regulated market or something.
The party was held at an Italian restaurant in Shiodome which is one of the most modern places in Tokyo.
There were already Christmas lights up.
Mozart said,
I think, well.., I SHOULD even though I'm not sure how the security updates work.
Because I've ever played basketball and handball, initially I supposed it's just an exercise and I'm a little thin to engage in sport.
While I was on Lang-8 she asked me to open YouTube and look at Avril Lavigne.
Now I'm not comfortable with hot and spicy meals...
I don't know how to thank the person who corrects my English in Lang-8.
Now, I want to make a lot of foreign friends, I want to talk about many things.
My dogs let me know the snake came to my house. They were barking.
I am social welfare worker.
I help the poor, handicapped, and the elderly.
If you'd like to enjoy the long stretch of the countryside nearby, I recommend you to take a slower train at a nice comfortable speed where you still get to see the countryside rolling by.
I noticed that I need to improve more on my English writing skill.
I've been to Hawaii before.
I hope you are well, I am the graduate student from Tokyo University of Marine Science and Technology who guided you around Tokyo when you came to Japan, two years ago.
I am e-mailing you because I have a favor to ask about the article you presented in Nature magazine in March 2008.
I guess this is the most important quality that I have written about.
Hell, everybody.
The staff explained that the chef used coal to roast it and it was on their recommended menu.
I am a student. I am studying Japanese.
Moreover a thoughtless act or remark can spoil a perfect relationship.
lately I take a shower twice a day.
Members of Twitter gather in the local area.
I only talk about something concerning work or a greeting.
I learned a lot of English words, grammar, and about the cultures of foreign countries.
Usually, most Japanese companies close on accounting in March.
I can spend the time reading about grammar. I'm happy when I read books, sometimes I would like to sleep on the books. I try to drink water alot, that's good and helps me have alot of oxygen I know I write oxygen wrong but I write from my heart. I enjoy. I'm really confused about the passive voice
I try to do excercises but I usaully have to open the anwers all the time. Today I did not read but I will be at home after I finish internet room. I bought fruit before I took the bus to go home. I eat on the bus alot I feel headache like I drink beer.
I've run out of water for my contact lenses. I must buy some today but I have a problem I forget to bring my wallet from the office so I don't have any money. I am not worried at the moment I have a card for the ATM, I can withdraw money using it.
But unfortunately, as the island is not very popular for Japanese tourists I can't get enough basic information
However, the weather in Pinsanulauk was really hot.
Recently, what I've been wanting is ``Rumba``, a cleaning robot.
It is so clever that it can automatically clean a room.
And, the narration says ``Your job is grilling (?).
Something happened to me that got me down.
I get up every morning with the feeling that I'm loser.
He is intelligent and cool.
Every first graders showed blow art.
This movie stimulated me.
In fact, I was studying Meteorology when I was about 20years old but before I knew it, I stopped being interested in it.
So I usually cook my own meals.
Today, I cooked Ramen for my dinner.
Practicing English writing
So, it is difficult for me to identify their reasons.
I hope tomorrow is rainy day ^ ^;
I had an English lesson that involves just answering questions.
I had a nice time with kind and friendly people, saw so many awesome things, and I had fabulous food and a comfortable hotel.
Actually I didn `t know much about cambodian history so it was a good chance to study it and it's especially sad past in the modern era.
The travel was not only enjoyable but also extended my knowledge.
But one thing that I really love about it is the appearance of the phone.
And it's good for women.
Before the examination, I haven't had alcohol for a long time.
But I have to get up (and study?) to get a better score in the exam tomorrow.
And I will go to a seminar about psychological education, I will eat sushi, I will meet my friends, and so on.
I thought that there would be more than 3000 people.
When we lined up at the start line, I was a little nervous.
Although it's made by Adidas, it's a pity that it's even worse than the last one.
I need to improve my English writing skills, so I decided to write a diary or something on lang-8 again.
I wanted to learn Taichi so it was a nice experience.
I have decided to do the following Taichi stretches every morning.
I'm going to do my best!!
But it occurs to me that writing about my condition in Lang-8 is also studying!!
I remember that I also paid for my dates with my allowance.
But in the USA, boys have to pay for everything, bus fare, movie fare, hamburger and coke.
Unfortunately, it was a cloudy morning.
I tried to take a photograph with my cell phone but nothing had been taken except the grey clouds.
If you know and use it, please let me know what your recommendation recipe is.
Japanese don't have the sense/ notion/ idea of entertaining ourselves.
If I wanted to ask the similar question, I would say ``What do you do when you are free?``
In this site, beautiful women have the plate that shows the current time.
The Japanese government has executed the plan of blackouts.
It means the electricity is cut off at a regular time every day.
So I found that electricity is one of the more important things for our daily lives.
I made a big effort to learn, because this is so interesting for me more and more.
I have never experienced this.
I am still a university student and English is necessary to get high credits as well as graduate school.
I really get stressed out now.
Oh, I forgot to introduce a special spot.
I quit my French course because I have become more confused about Spanish and French.
If I do not stop them, the chatting gets worse and worse.
The modern communication tools make our communication more convinient.
For those people I can check their etiology one time, I would try my best to find a better therapy, and for those whom I don `t know their etiology, I tell them that they need a general checkup.
I also need to talk with the doctors and nurses on duty, and tell them what they should pay more attention.
Daisy Duck in particular is good.
The party finished very early because of a thunderstorm.
I'm going to run around my home tomorrow, weather permiting.
I woke up at 7: 00.
They knew that and said ``Go for it!
However, they are leaving Japan because their exchange program has finished...
They are my good friends and I learned many things from them.
I really love Aussie life!
and I'm looking for a new job which is connected with English.
Because, oil (gasoline) price is getting expensive recently.
I have a daughter who is 1 year old.
But a bicycle like that is not fashionable.
Generally it's all about using the opponent's force to beat them:D This aspect is especially important for me, as I'm only 155cm high and although I'm quite strong, my strength is nothing in comparison to that of an average guy.
The more the preys move, the more they get tangled up in the traps because it is as if every single thread of their web were made up of adhesive glue.
I really wanted to go to a Italian restaurant ``MAX`` one more time, so we went there and ate black pasta with tomato sauce and meat roast and drank sparkling wine:) Everything was sooo good.
After dinner, We went to ``The View Lounge`` at Marriott Hotel.
My school counselor Hannah told me that I should go to this lounge before going back to Japan.
I think I need to build up my vocabulary to get a high score for TOEFL.
They are humorous but sarcastic.
I'm so glad that three of my requests passed and that I received two messages from Lang-8.
I grilled a big HOKKE in the kitchen. I searched and found out that it is called an Atka mackerel fish.
Today, I talked a lot of things about my future with my aunt.
People in Canada ussualy put their feet across a seat in the bus.
FYI, the exchange rate of JPY/ USD on January 15, 2009 was TTB JPY88. 25, whereas today's TTB rate is JPY99. 67 at our bank.
I made a dialogue using some idioms and vocabulary that I have learned today.
I stowed my carry-on luggage, and asked a person in front of me to pull his seat up a little.
One of my friends had shown me the ropes the other day, but I couldn't remember.
Most of them have excellent knowledge of their fields technically
Native American jewelry
I've just learned about Native American jewelry.
But, the jewelry of the Hopi is rarer than others.
Recently, I am thinking about which language I can learn other than English.
Also, I am thinking that after learning Spanish, the next requirement is for French or other languages.
On the other hand, I am concerned about this fact because my English is poor.
According to the experience of my friends, I should stay home (or at a library) studying and, I should not go anywhere else.
A few days ago, I was complaining to my boyfriend that I'm so envious that others can have fun all day and night but I can't, he said nothing but ``that's what you chose.`` I was so depressed then, because what I want is only some comforting.
My favourite area is finance and economics. My background is in mathematics
However, now an economical crisis is happening all around the world!
On the ferry, there were many Korean tourists.
I am sorry that I didn `t write to you for such a long time.
In addition, I do not know the reason why they started demo before the police shot a man.
The man is Canadian.
Yet, there are many things to do, so I can't afford the indulgence.
Talking with people outside of Japan with different ethnic and cultural backgrounds is really invaluable experience for me!!
Playing the harmonica doesn't seem to be crazy difficult, and first of all it is not expensive.
don't If anyone doesn't help me, I could post the journals I wrote here, in my blog, hehe.
I really want to know the expression that I use makes sense..
My Pineapples
But I didn't know a better answer.
My hometown is more southerly than the town I currently live in.
Now I am sitting on the lesson of Information technology, so I'm writing the post in English.
Today is an extremely hard day, we have exam and performance with school chore.
I embroidered a lily and made a card with it.
Inside, on the first floor, there were a lot of portraits of young beatiful women with flowers and a little tiny garden in the backyard with armchairs under some palms.
I'm not in the mood to do my chores.
there's a three days holiday waiting for me, I have to make some preparations for my trip to Chongqing...
It's a sci-fi about a psychiatric patient who
My family name is Park and I live in Seoul.
Long time no see XD
But my English was poor, so I couldn't understand the American voice actor's accent.
If you watch the Japanese version of this work, and if you can realize an Oosaka accent, I think you are already a competent Japanese speaker.
He sells his watch in order to buy a comb for his wife's hair, and she sells her hair intending to buy a chain for her husband's watch.
However, Serbian is written in the Cyrillic alphabet while Croatian is written in the Roman alphabet, because Serbian people belong to the Eastern Orthodox Church while Croatian people believe in Catholicism.
I want to go to a beautiful spot.
For example, if you bought goods at a shop you can get points, and you can use the accumulated points to pay for other goods.
But my new office is in the city area, so I have to wear business suits.
Today I bought a lot of things to wear, for example business suits, shoes, and so on.
I guess I forgot to buy a new light.
I am really worried about my parents.
Oh my god, my grandma, who is 94 years old, lives in Aomori.
I controlled my computer to watch a video from a long distance.
I really hate hospitals.
I don't know what to write, but I think that is sad to ``meet`` people and you can't talk with them because you have different scheduls.
The examination finished on October 16, but my PC broke down two days before the examination.
So, I got another PC and connected to the Internet for one week.
I think that I'll do my best tomorrow even though it is snowing all day.
I am writing this English composition from my smart phone.
In a sense, I think that is true.
But in my case it isn't true.
Tonight, we'll talk a lot about incidents we experienced in 2009.
Yesterday!!
I will be studying abroad in Alaska, US this August.
My holiday
For example, baseball, soccer and basketball etc. There is enough space to play them.
Therefore, I can be relaxed whenever I go there.
My friends worry about me being too busy, but to see children's smiles makes me very cheerful
Actually before starting this league, WBC (World Baseball Classic) was one of my favorite things to enjoy after finishing my routine work even though we, Korea lost against Japan in the final round.
Moreover, my hometown, Busan, is famous for enthusiasm against baseball, especially the LOTTE GIANTS TEAM, which belongs to Park Ki-hyuk, LEE Dae-ho etc.
How about we support them together?
I heard that it is important for women to make boiled potstickers fast.
I was going to make a team but I couldn't after all.
I was sad and disappointed.
And I do the others sports like badminton and volleyball every Wednesday.
I think he is a very lovely cat.
I hope to be friendly with you.
Then to improve my writing skills, I will keep an English diary or write an essay in English on lang-8, expecting some corrections frommy friends.
Actually the main pourpose of my shopping today was to get an electric fan which is small and stylish
to place in the kitchen and the rest room of my apartment.
I did call another shop to make sure they still had one, but they were sold out as well.
It seems like everybody rushed to get electrical fans because many people use air conditoners less for the possible of power shortage in the upcoming summer.
I know it's a good phenomenon that people try to use more eco-frendly gadgets,
Therefore, I was expecting the clerk to check my age, but the clerk did not do it at all, hahahaha!!!
(Unneeded because it would cause repetition.)
Korea's largest conglomerate (we call them chaebol, which means big company run by a single family) is Samsung.
A few days ago, the third generation of the Lee family succeeded the management rights.
The process was absolutely illegal.
Although I don't know wether I can get best
By the way, I want to learn Japanese in my summer vacation.
They use public transportations frequently.
Therefore, the government should make public transportation much more convenient for the elderly!
Strange town.
I've got an email from my friend who went to Germany in February.
Anyway, I think the global economy will not recover in the near future.
the news source: URL
In Japan, a woman filed a suit against the company which is a world famous brand, PRADA.
It's a forbidden way to sell things by the head office, so she informed PRADA Milano.
I can't take you to PRADA Milano, because of your unsuitable looks. ``
In Japan, power-harassment is not popular.
If I was hit by a boss, It's my fault. ``, so if one voices it's strange or they should not hurt me, most people think`` He/ she is selfish or has done something wrong enough to make the company angry. ``
Usually, on Friday night. on my way home I will walk around downtown alone, and I feel relaxed and comfortable.:) Sometimes I will go buy some pancakes or cookies for myself as a little present, and I share them with my family as well...:D Just by walking on the street and eating something sweet can make me feel happy and satisfied!
Because I have to take T and the bus when I go back
In my personal opinion, setting an attainable goal which can be achieved through a series of steps is the most essential for keeping (maintaining) motivation.
I conclude my diary here.
I `m a student and I can work only at nights.
Especially since my favorite musicians are Americans, I enjoy listening to American music.
However, even though I have studied English for a long time, my English speaking skill isn't good enough.
I have studied English for ten years.
I go to English conversation school every weekend.
I belong to baseball club.
The difference is whether I experience it inside or outside.
From what I gather, the lumps often come to you not only immediately but also after you've forget about it.
And the likelihood of us inheriting footsteps of our parents is very high, which is very unrecognizable because of the closeness among kins.
When A car had just departed from/ left the building, it was hit by an taxi that/ which was running on the road.
I hope you can help not only correct my grammar mistakes but also develop my arguments.
Since the quake happened, the Tokyo Disney Land has been closed in case of the planned outage and liquefaction.
Still, in Japan many people are struggling with the damage from the quake and tsunami but meanwhile we are restoring our own country step by step.
Of course I liked them all the same, but I started to gradually dislike the color, so I asked my husband to paint the shelf white.
This morning
After class I usually spend almost three hours in the cafe studying English with my friends whom I met at a previous class last month.
I have been a basketball team leader of my college department for last two years, and at begining of this year I had a junior take the helm.
Unfortunately, good things don't last forever.
I felt great about this movie:) In particular, I really liked Asian Kung-Fu Generation's song.
That is one of the reasons I'm learning English.
In elementary school, we are taught to conform with people in our class.
For example, when an athletic meet is held, we are forced to march like soldiers in north korea.
Not just in school, but also amongst your friends, when we go to 'KARAOKE' you must sing songs your friends know.
In order for their economy to be safe, China really wants a ``Strong Dollar``..
I entered the half race (21. 0975km).
Short Diary in School
I belong to Society for the Digital Study, or a computer club.
Oh, the class after school (at this school) will begin in a minute.
I am going to watch the DVD of ``UGLY BETTY`` that I rented from TSUTAYA.
TSUTAYA is a famous rental shop in Japan.
Is studying English abroad good?
I think studying English abroad is good, but I don't think it is suitable for me.
If I were brave enough and had a lot of money, I might try to study English abroad.
I would like to use English fluently in business.
Unfortunately, I had a difficult hard time communicating with the telephone operator.
Even now, the affected areas suffer from supply shortage.
I've been using my Kotatsu since the beginning of December.
Basketball, Volleyball, Soft-ball, Tennis, Table Tennis, Softball, Soccer and Jump Rope.
I played Basketball and Volleyball.
I started playing dragon quest 9 which was released last week.
Today I am still tired.
I went to my friend's birthday party on Friday night and only slept for 1 hour.
Going out with friends is very fun and exciting, but too tiring.
I was so tired that I was dozing at work [on] Monday and today.
Due to the disaster at the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear (power) plant, almost all power plant activity in Japan has been suspended.
Couple of months ago, I took a test called TOEIC, which is an English reading and listening test.
When the score was annouced, I was surprised because I got 930.
I was really gratified and proud of my score.
Education or practice is the best way to learn valuable skills.
Nevertheless, people who works for various jobs are able to gain much more experience and skills than students.
On the other hand, the education that people received normally is the fundamental and basic knowledge, and teachers do not teach their students techniques quite often.
To sum up, by contrast, people obtain more skills or techniques in work than in education.
In addition, those with many skills are more likely to match the demand of society.
So I went to the barber this morning and dropped by the book store.
He is a Japanese comedian.
He has a good sense of humour.
In this company, I dealt with modern art, contemporary art, decorative art, ceramics, jewelry and watches so I like them all. I'm especially interested in contemporary art and jewelry.
There was interesting campaign against hunt for cheetahs in Africa.
English. My homework. Letter to the magazine ``Shout``. Can you give advice to this girl? Please, help me!)))
Sasha writes that she has some problems with her family.
My advice to Sasha is: talk with your parents, do not be alone, find a hobby, study better and do not worry.
I hope that Sasha will find common language with her family.
I have a question about how to use the phrase ``like that``.
Coulda boom be coming?
I sometimes remember old songs.
It is ``We shall overcome`` a famous as symbolic song about
But I'm learning English now so that I can understand people
of various countries.
The other is a ``Collective House.`` This literally means that mainly young poeple collect together and live together.
For example, in the TV, the camera is focus 'on the ball only, and we can't focus on anything else like the goal keeper, soccer players, etc.
It was interesting, but expensive.
For example, we can get healthier body from physical exercise and improve our blood circulation.
Playing basketball is good at improving the height of your body and improving our friendship.
Apple's new gizmo, the iPad!!
Apple's CEO, Steve jobs said that ipad will take the place of
I had no choice but to use my left hand.
Our product base will have a rail link by the end of this year
then we can combine rail with sea transportation, providing more convenience with less cost.
Enclosed are some photos of our products. Naturally, the color in the pictures is not the same as the true product.
If you need to know more about our company or our products, do not be hesitate to let us know.
I think it's a strange dream.
Lynn said 'You miss your mom and UGGa very much' lol>_ <!!! I am afraid of snakes, when I was a child, I always had weird dreams about snakes.
Giant sushi
But I think that there can be giant sushi in America,
I always gaze at my PC screen, and I make a decision whether the application is similar to the past one.
And I hope I will make friends with many people for international exchange:-)
very interesting.
I guess that maybe I caught a cold.
It has a strong tannin and peppery like taste.
For example, you have been practicing catching insects for a long time and but however well catch insects in a forest, you won't be able to get them if it's raining when you go there.
In Japan there isn't much newinformation about Russia.
I want to learn about foreign cultures by understanding foreign languages
As a third year university student, recently I have been very busy (?) writing thesis and other term papers, doing many assignments and sometimes research.
Oh time flies, it is a school night and I have to get up early in the morning.
It was so humid and hot in Japan this summer.
Je m 'appelle Ryota Misawa.
Unfortunately, I'm still ill...
how keep in balance both the preservation of the environment and economic growth.
Yesterday, I was taken to a dim sum restaurant by my friend.
My old neighbor died.
I would like to improve my English skill, so if you find mistakes, please correct them.
Correcting is difficult for me!!
As the topic, can I use this sentence to describe a person who is trying to do something first or is the first to have done something?
this sentence is translated by chiness, I want to know if I can use this????
I'm glad to be able to write again, and I hope I can write more frequently so I can continue learning and improving my English.
I sometimes find it very difficult to correct Japanese on lang-8er's entries.
I had to work yesterday too, but I'm off today.
Have you ever had to repair anything in your home?
But I was still missing the Korean ondol system.
He is an internet engineer, needless to say he can speak both Mandarin and English fluently, and holds ``PR``.
3-A special lunch menu as a Vietnamese rice wrap.
I ate/ had it with two of my friends.
I think that the foreigner's prank is great...
I feel happy that my idol Kim Hyun Joong is waiting for
a za a za fighting
Today I registered here, this a nice website. I would like to make new friends here and of course learn English. This is a very useful service.:) Greetings to all of you.
I want to be a juior high school or senior high school English teacher.
But many areas are still awful.
Food is the essence of life.
As the saying goes, ``Variety is the spice of live,`` food bears the same meaning toward mankind.
Rice can be made into innumerable dishes, such as fried rice, sticky rice, and rice cakes, to name just a few.
Since food can be so varied and tasty, we must highlight the importance of savoring food, for I believe that our appetite dominates our lives.
I will take three regular classes as usual American students do.
I started this three minutes ago.
My hobby is traveling!
I went to Canada two weeks ago.
Everybody was scrambling to make use of him.
Then, Shinji met his biological father, who had abandoned him
The referees were volunteers.
I last refereed one year ago.
They taught me some expressions in English.
I bought it in August, because I bought it early and I can got it cheaper.
But, I wonder if it still makes sense in light of this huge natural disaster.
For example, food may be too salty or too oily and spicy to look more tasty.
Another reason is that most kitchens in restaurants and food stands are not very clean.
Food that is made in the messy kitchens are prone to leading to sickness.
If you eat lunch and dinner at home for a month, you can save about NT1800 a month, which is a great amount of money.
What a vicious circle!
Because I'm not a good English speaker.
Usually, I don't have any interest in this kind of group or music, but one day I happened to watch a TV show focusing on it and was fascinated.
In this website I can make friends with different people from different country.
I think that it causes a very positive effect.
It had been raining, not snowing, when I got up yesterday morning.
So I decided to go through the pass to go to Sapporo.
It helped me to get rid of my fatigue from a long drive!
A large amount of this area is designated as a national park, therefore power companies cannot obtain the right to use it.
All of us were happy and anxious to see our teacher, because we haven't seen her for a long time.
Sometimes I think I'm afraid to be happy again, because in every relationship I have, nobody says 'I miss you'.
A number of people already died because of it.
Recently, I always wear a mask when I get on the train, etc.
In China,_ parents and grandparents will usually give a red envelope to their children. It's a custom.
This week is the first week after the New Year's holiday, so my colleagues brought their souvenirs.
The weather is not so bad.
Many signs are written in both German and English.
People at the ticket office spoke English.
Some German words are very similar to English, which was also very helpful.
We tried to persuade him to go with me.
Omuraice is rice mixed with baked chicken and ketchup, and coverd by omelet.
We are a little tired so we are taking a break right now.
I woke up this morning with swollen eyes!
We are waiting for an answer now.
I feel really happy becase I will not go the company tomorrow in the mornig but I plan go there late after I have finished reviwing so thing at Sanamhoug I am really happy.
She teaches me like I pay money to her but we plan to study english and chinese together.
She is really nice and practice to teach me Chinese wheather I plan to help her speak Thai very fast.
because I really like that she speaks Thai with me so on Sunday we plan to watch a free movie together at Suvimvit 55 road.
May joy and happiness fill every minute of my day!!!
So I need to learn about ad-tecnology and buisiness of using ad-tecnology.
I'm a big fan of Haruki Murakami: one of the most famous Japanese novelists, and my favourite novel is Norwegian wood.
The point is that the children are very naive and naughty so it is hard for us to make everything go as we have planned.
I like reading books which teach me how to deal with things in human life.
Typhoons are produced by unknown reasons.
Typhoons are Asia's hurricanes.
It is known that typhoons occur in the summer.
But, Unfortunately, VOA continue to annouce tragedies in asia because of
Typhoons.
I don't know why typhoons are happening these days.
Kimchi sauce is made of many ingredients, such as clean powder of chili dried by the sun, fresh oyster, needle fish, garlic, mushrooms, and etc.
Particularly, if you eat it with fresh oyster and kimchi, you will find it delicious!
But I can't communicate with foreigners due to my anxiety (??) about grammar
I know that I have to study with patience.
I'll be happy if you help me improve my weakness.
It a story in another world like ancient China.
I think it have been translated in Chinese and Korean.
He could transform himself into a salad, but he must cut himself into many pieces (to do so).
Tomato didn't know how.
I think that our society still doesn't know the adequate [distance from] (?) this new device.
Dad, did you see my grandpa and grandma in heaven?
I also have to apply for the International award (like a little scholarship)
I thought ``are you really from the spare key company?``
Something to drink
My name's Irka and I'll write here in English and German.
Usually, Japanese people console by joining the funeral service wearing a black suit and also make an offering of money, This money is called a ``kouden`` (a monetary offering to the departed soul), we give from 10000 to 30000 yen, and pray for the dead spirit and bow to their survivors.
Even in Japan, if you don't know when the funeral is, you can't send the ``kouden.`` But the day I was informed was only few days after the funeral service.
I know that Western countries don't have a custom such as ``kouden,`` however, it is quite an important custom in Japan, because Japanese people have this ``give and take`` philosophy at their root.
I want to be strong and beat my brother ^-^
I've been english for about two years now, and still Im not very good at speaking or even writing in this language.
One thing that surprised me was that people on the Car1 got off at Suidobashi station.
I saw he was almost bursting into tears.
My Space
Today and yesterday my school held a sports tournament/ competition ~ I gave it a shot but didn't go to the finals ~ My health is never very good, so that I think I need to exercise more regularly ~ I decided to start running everyday beginning/ starting next Monday.
Jay Walker starts the talk by introducing manias.
In January, I'll go to the violin concert of Hirary Hahn, who is one of the prestigious violinists in America.
I've been debating whether I'm going to choose a smartphone (iPhone or something) or a normal cellphone.
I suddenly think, ``Do the other foreigners eat eels?``
E-mail is useful because English people help me if my English is wrong, but if I send a message to English people who are not my friends, [...]
I've read lots of manga (you could say I'm sort of an ``otaku``), for example: ``Bleach``, ``Naruto``, ``One Piece`` (these are the most famous, I think everyone in the world knows them:))...
The second man in black was from Spain.
I was nervous.
Staring at the whiteboard for so long made my eyes hurt today.
I'm usually busy at work around the beginning of the month, but after then I will be free.
We will go to sukiyaki restaurant-MK restaurant.
I think it's quite expensive because I can make this kind of food as good as they do, and the price will be lower 50% than them.
It is too difficult to be fluent in the absence of english language environment.
I'm trying to go to Australia this winter to work during the holidays.
magazine. There was an article that says people sometimes will be
My husband also has to go to the one place that we've wished to avoid very much.
fine temperature.
But I work at a convenience store.
My friends seemed to the same people I know when I was in elementary school.
We talked about nostalgic stories and recent stories.
Because I wil get my salary, and the good news is that my salary will be increased
This race was a half marathon (21. 0975km), and about 200 runners entered.
Though I was feeling a bit fatigued, I managed to finish with a time of 1: 19 '49``.
One of my language exchange partner is feeling discouraged now.
Well, now is time to go, 'cause it's really late here and I have to wake up early in the morning tomorrow.
nowadays I've been watching ``desperate housewives``
The hottest temperature in my office was 34 degrees c these days.
It scared me.
I hope the peace and stability will be maintained.
To achive that, I should study more grammar and increase my vocabulary.
Recently I started a twitter.
And since twitter is very easy and fast, I want to use this for those learning Korean!
Recently I have been confused with judging a noun to be countable or uncountable.
My friends sometimes say ``Yeah, I understand what you are talking about, but....``.
This picture is one of the fashionable hairstyles.
I thought we would meet very often, but we couldn't because her schedule didn't fit with mine,,
I think it was helpful to go healthy again.
I cannot control my condition so it does not count to my decision. However, it is a very important point for me.
In my opinion my first resolution for diet is opposed to the wish to be fit.
Nuclear power stations are really good for the economy of some countries because it proves that those countries are very rich but it also creates some problems such as: health, safety, and environment threat.
After the earquake and Tsunami happened in Japan.
It will influence so much for Japan and neighbouring countries.
I'm looking forward to going there very much!!
Although I have learned English grammar for six years in middle school and high school while in Japan, my conversation skill is still not enough.
Right now, I ``m in the lab to assist the students who are learning Japanese. But so far, no one has come in here.
Also I'm scared of thunder and lightning so I always freak out like, ``Please no thunder and lightning!!!
Internship is an extracurricular class for students who are going to go abroad to work for a foreign country's company for a month.
I will go to a travel company and work there for a month.
Next semester, there'll be an English professional exam which is the only chance here and I don't have much confidence that I'll do well.
According to the news,
However, [advanced] laptop features and technical specifications are very attractive, even if the disadvantage [of lower portability] was considered.
The clerk said they couldn't take it back because the clothes had a weird smell.
I have read a few blogs which say that olive oil makes vanilla ice cream more delicious.
Because it cools your body down, you consume the calories in order to warm your body up again.
Because it is used often in formal situations, I did hesitate to use it but I don't know any other words.)
I am in social studies class.
If your husband or boyfriend is very tall among others, they can protect you and make other females jealous.
But, what a pity, I am not tall. I feel somewhat shy and unhappy when I am walking with or meeting some tall and handsome young men.
Also, your salary is quite important in your marriage and living with your family and partners family.
As a husband, you have to maintain your family and keep a harmony relationship with you and your partner's relatives.
so that they can understand your ability and respect you.
Enough salary means enough capacity and status in company and society.
So salary plays an important role when we seeking partners.
Others will look down on you if you don't have enough income.
Others still think that a different education means different salary and status.
Of course, all of these are just my personal opinions.
because I played WakeBoarding every weekend.
I live in my husband's house.
However, this time it seems to be fixed easily.
But the computer crashed and showed the Blue Screen.
My roommate, who is Japanese, let me know about this site.
I'm really happy to know this site and very pleased to post my 'useless' diary lol
I will take an English conversation class at the office.
It will begin the thirteenth of October.
Some people argue his behavior is too lofty and it harms Taiwanese dignity; in fact, they think Taiwanese are not beggars and do not need hypocritical charity.
Thinking always scares me, worrying about whether I can make it, what I should do if I fail...
More or less, a real society is competitive even for children, and inescapable incidents hunt them down.
But thanks to my husband's parents, who are sending us a lot of in season vegetables, we can feel seasonable.
And this time, I bought English books.
But I'll try to study hard.
I love the characters
Although the series mainly targets children,
I came across an article in the CNN website last night which enumerated a number of useful sites specially for language learners just like us, and the lang-8 was high on the list, so I signed up and joined this big community, I hope my enthusiasm of learning foreign languages will be satisfied in this site, and also I'll be zealous with people in need of my help.
Yesterday was the elementary school festival, and I boiled 230 packets of udon.
but I really have no choice, the delivery time is urgent.
I've seen the news yesterday and I was shocked about what happened in Australia!
I have been staying there for three days with my husband and son.
2011 comes in 39 days, but my New Year mood is already here.
They can't get holidays or days off.
What is difference between income and salary?
I am Korean and studying English for the entrance test for a university.
But this night is so cool that it is comfortable to study.
Photos of my country, Japan
This bar sometimes hosts concerts. It is not really busy; but I feel my job is very hard. I need to remember a lot of wine and juice names. Sometimes I cannot understand what the customer wants if they say some strange wine names very quickly.
I'll prepare candies, a costume, and meals.
Artists 'contributions or scientists' contributions, which is more valuable?
The debate on whether artists 'contributions or scientists' contributions are more valuable to society leads more and more people into fierce controversy.
Admittedly, both of art and science are indispensable parts of our society, and the difference is just through the distinctive way each demonstrates its own contribution.
The greatest invention of the light bulb has increasingly multiplied productivity, and an amazing technology, the internet, has made the earth become a little village, bringing tremendous benefits to billions of people.
Music, film, and all kinds of programs provide people with a better living environment.
They are related to each other.
In conclusion, it is hard to compare the contributions of art and science. It is simply subjective to say that one contributes more to society than the other.
I'm looking forward to meet them.
Then, I will be going to sleep I always have a long time to sleep every day
I will be further on with my English then I had expected.
(It's my first dairy in LANG-8, glad to meet you here, and thank you so much for correcting my mistakes.)
Because of the examination for university, I'm learning English everyday.
Recently, I am interested in European buildings and art.
Because they are examination subjects.
I have studied English in Vacouver for almost two months.
I need to find a job here by the end of June because I want to improve my English, and also because I'm poor.
I love MINISTOP's chocolate and vanilla mix ice cream.
I belong to an amateur brass band.
Tomorrow I go back to school here and I'll introduce myself to my classmates, as is the tradition:
I have been trying very hard to find a friend for copying Russian-English a long time.
A lot of people were gathering and watching the ceremony.
Those who seemed to be priests or monks were heading into the Cathedral across the Faculty of Filology of Salamanca University.
It reminded me that Spain was a Catholic country.
I've stayed here in Spain for about a year but I hadn't felt the people behaved on the basis of their Catholic doctrines.
The day before yesterday, the president said ``Everyone speak English,
For example, you can say 'Good morning' in the morning meeting. ``
I can talk in English to everybody.
I finished my graduation thesis.
I'll prepare for oral exam about graduation thesis next week.
Second, you have to develop muscle by excercising to burn fat.
Do exercise regularly.
Yesterday was the first time for her to dance on stage.
In japan, most Japanese women working for night clubs are likely to hide their jobs however she did not.
Yesterday was my birthday.
Perhaps they are impressed by the deep-rooted loyalties to his teacher, but it seems like an effort that is made to nip the talented untouchable boy in the bud by the nobles.
We are in a century in which we learn to do our best to achieve our dreams and fight for our happiness.
An hour later, they were finally done!
I asked my daughters to play together with me, but they chose to go to a festival in the neighboring shopping arcade.
That movie gives a message about 'What is the humanity?'
I have been strugging to stay awake until now, but I should have slept earlier.
However, business is more of compilcated field.
My hobby is table tennis, I play it every Saturday.
Christmas Eve
Today is Christmas Eve!
She spend Christmas with us for the first time.
Merry Christmas!
I walked for forty minutes.
So, I started this site and I also bought a DVD called ``CORE Rythms``.
TheDVD itself was not funny, it was just a regular dance exercise video.
I often see many visiters from foreign countries in my town, because there are alot of old Japanese Temples in my town.
Of course, I visited MoMA when I was in NY this September.
Especially my vocabulary is terrible...
I'm nervous because my English skills are not good.
In fact, I am very nervous to write in English.
I had a visit today from a friend, who wanted to go to the cinema.
I often wear the one-piece dress.
I'm very confused because I don't know what I should do...
I didn't sleep for long enough, but I couldn't sleep.
Maybe I'm afraid to stand up to them, or prehaps I lack the courage to say ``no`` to other people.
Today, I was with some friends and I really enjoyed learning English as usual, laughing and having some snacks.
That made us lough out loud since our class had a warm/ comfortable atmosphere.
Hi, I live in California now and still need to learn English to survive my daily life.
Recently it often occured to me that the number of children that play outside is on the decline.
Yet when I look back to a couple of decades of past, the change is enormous.
I wonder if this socil milieu doesn't jeopadize their physical and mental health.
I will read English articles about football.
He is 90 years old.
I want to practice my spoken English, but I can't find someone to talk to. If anyone would like to help me, I would be very appreciative and I can teach Chinese back.
The Japanese who are poor at communicating with foreigners
We study English for eight years from Junior High School to Second Grade in university, yet even so most Japanese are poor at communicating with foreigners.
When a traveller asks a Japanese [person] for directions in English, most of us would say ``I can't speak English``, waving our hands right and left in front of our faces.
I guess that the reasons why we poor at communicating with foreigners
When we learned it, teachers put stress on grammar.
During the Edo period (1603-1867), Japan closed itself to other countries, so the Japanese had hardly any opportunities to commune with foreigners.
When I grow up (become 24 years old), I thought I would have a job, know almost everything about the world and have a majestic appearance.
Hi everybody, this is Serena here, and I'm from China. I'm working in Singapore as a nurse. I usually talk to people in English at work. In order to improve my English, I need you guys 'help please.
He is learning how to write medical translations between Japanese and English, and I am supporting him.
When I was using ``Chrome``, the same refreshing happened but it would save my writing, however ``IE8`` doesn't have any such intelligent functions.
Many beautiful templates are included in it and I can use them easily.
Keeping a dairy (diary) is very difficult in English.
I have never kept a dairy (diary) in three days straight even in Japanese.
What's worse, I forgot things easily.
the summer holiday is coming-how exciting!
Question: What kind of places are you interested in around Tokyo?
We should not forget March 11.
mmm, it's difficult to explain.
All the people don't want to lose their family, friends or girlfriends.
In this movie, the mayor loses half of his face because of a fire.
If I have only two choices, one is I will die and save my lover's life, the other is I will live instead of my lover.
To tell the truth, this story was too difficult.
especially because each sentence is very long.
and ultimate substance..
I think and believe that brain-science can give a better answer than philosophy
my friends and professors.
Yesterday, when I was talking with my father about where we can go on holidays he told me that he was going to go to Eastern Siberia for work at the end of August and he could take me with him.
I can't believe it. But it isn't certain...
Our burner was out of order.
I spend a lot of time drawing.
I went for a drink with the volunteers and students of the Japanese conversation class.
One of the volunteers drank too much, and tumbled to the floor.
The party ended, but one of his colleague from the company and my wife and I waited until he could get up.
Mother prepared lunch.
So, I want to get to be able to speak English and demand from him much more salary!!
According to the calendar, it's Feb 19th.
Recently I haven't been able to get along with my current boss.
What should I do to reconcile and get along with him?
Why the autumn sky so high and beautiful?
In early autumn,
the air is so clear, the temperature is comfortable: not too hot, not too cool.
I feel like I want to go somewhere in the early autumn, to some distant place.
There are high-rise condos, office buildings, TV stations, shopping malls, parks, wharfs, storehouses, and so on.
I found that I made careless grammar and spelling mistakes.
Please point out, if any, more subtle mistakes such as:
You will always need a partner by your side.
I have decided to start practicing English this week.
He is a native English speaker, and the more he got excited, the faster he spoke.
I have dreamed about it since I was in Cyprus this summer, where there were a lot of English guys.
While I was working, somehow I felt very uptight and beaten and I started to eat excessive amounts of strongly-flavoured cheese cake.
Although the cheese cake is my favourite dessert, my stomach
I know some basic words and grammar.
because japanese food is well-balanced and healthy.
What I love to eat is mainly fish and vegetables, if there is soy sauce, japanese sake and a bit of suger and salt in the kitchen, you can enjoy a lot of japanese food.
When I went to a supermarket last night to buy some frozen fishes, I was surprised that there was difference in the price between frozen fish and frozen processed fish, frozen fish is more expensive than the other, it's amazing!!
Please feel free to check my sentences if you can.
Customers don't always pay attention so I gotta work hard to let them know how our Gyoza is tasty and they shouldn't miss out on eating it.
My boss told me uncomfortably 'Don't stop trying and keep smiling even if the customers don't respond to you.``
I just hung out at my church with Korean friends to prepare for a Christmas performance.
I respected the good habits of the American people.
But I didn't cry a lot of in graduation ceremony.
We are abroad right now, and we thought we should go out, but now we changed our mind for some reasons. (?)
So I finally got up after eleven.
I will never forget his comment!!
For me, writing in English is more difficult that reading it.
Happy birthday
especially European economics.
I don't do any sports now, but I belonged to boat club in my university,
I was very surprised to hear the news!!
It is very dangerous country.
I went to work wearing new shoes
Second, I have to grasp the secret of knowing the right timing to remark.
Let me tell you what happened yesterday.
``No problem.
The show lasted only a few minutes, because my boss was back so soon, so I had to stop the music and he had to stop dancing.
Usually I read novels in english for study purposes.
Whenever I write in English diary or essay, I think it is at the level of an elementary student.
Sometimes, It's hard.
Now I want to see a penguin.
Because I've never seen one and the spot where we can see one is very near in Melbourne.
It's been getting warmer and warmer by the day as summer is coming.
I think one of the most surprising thing is, the diversity of ethnic groups in Auckland.
Anyway, I hope you can enjoy your last semester in Waseda and I'm looking foward to hearing from you about your life in Japan.
Today we watched the movie called ``Inconvenient Truth`` which is made by Al Gore.
Surprisingly, it is more than 60 days.
So, I sat in front of the keyboard and made (composed) two songs.
My husband's pay is in dollars.
I always feel bad when I exchange dollars to yen...
But sometimes it is difficult!!
I ate breakfast at seven o `clock.
I played soccer with my friends in the park last Sunday.
Next March, I will graduate University.
I don't have time until I graduate, I want to do many things!!
It is important for Japanese history because there has never been a change of ruling party in Japan before.
How many fish and chip shops are there in Britain?
When I speak English with my teacher, I feel so anxious and suffering.
A teacher asks a range of questions and a student tries to give an answer as fast as possible.
Every Saturday and Sunday, I usually have nothing I have to do.
I washed the
And he loves sunshine. He always goes out for walk for a while and just sleeps on the scooter of my neighbor.
After suffering from the wounds and two surgeries, now if someone sits in front of him, he will climb on the legs and sleep on them, but don't think it is nice, because he will also pee on you because he thinks that is comfortable, what a baby!!!!
I think that all cities are beautiful because every city has different traditions, cultures, etc.
the city of Prague, the city of London and especially the city of New York.
Talking with my friends at the same time on Skype
Medicines or medical supplies have sometimes different names among countries.
It would be like a nightmare to not have a dream.
Are they controversial?
I believe the world is wonderful and there are lots of things for me to discover.
And of course I still surf every day like I did in Australia. (ha ha ha)
It was very interesting.
And I want to learn technical English, related to I. T., too, because I need it for my work.
There are IT-English courses at my company, but they are rare and quite expensive and all places are filled.
I go to the work place that is for handicapped people.
Working there from monday to thursday I was waiting today! I can't wait anymore!
I love english! (but do not love waiting)
I like to be a salesman, because selling things is a challenge.
But I wish I could have a real conversation.
There is a typical collective dance in Catalonia: the sardana.
It's called ``Castells`` which means castles.
And finally, the third one is a human castle made by the team La Jove de Sitges, from Sitges, the town where I live.
I went to teach dance class today, and I played some songs of Alicia Keys's album ``unplugged`` at my class.
I do it, because I want to be in steady contact with English.
Half of the screen has lines on it when lit and only the other half shows images.
I love Cameron Diaz very much.
It took us more than 40minutes by walk to get there from backpackers.
If you get a good score on the tests, your entrance exam for University will be easier, maybe.
If you believed in me
If someone believes in you, you believe in the world.
If you know a good way, please teach me.
After eating two rice balls, I also studied.
But now, there is no way I canstudy English quickly.
Finally, I decided to lease an apartment close to school for my daughter.
I liked Michael Jordan very much, of course.
Pressure (s) about the path I was choosing, the career prospect and my future all in one word.
I really appreciated that especially from my girlfriend.
But recently Japanese woman work too.
She seemed to be lazy while studying with me.
My favorite soccer player is Steven George Gerrard.
Moreover, we are expected to have a wide range of information not only to teach all subjects but also to help students broaden their world.
This is my 10th entry.
The hibiscus, one of my plants, had been showing a smll bud. (for some days)
there were a lot of hibiscus with vivid red flowers everywhere on the island.
odayI went shopping by bike and saw beautiful clouds.
It's been for about 5 days since I came to Vancouver.
There were a lot of races in my school.
However, I don't have many friends (right) now, so I'm a little nervous. But before I came here, I decided to be positive.
If happiness and love are only of saturation of the neurons phenyl-ethylene ``.
Will they keep me standing until I concede on some issue?
I want to say thanks to my Lang-8 netfriends who have commented on my journals and helped me to improve my English.
I have printed out all of my journals.
I'm grateful to my friends.
Maintaining Balance
These days, I am really curious how they deal with some problems between those roles.
From nine to five, school work is really busy (busier than ever), from five to eight (thankfully not always) I take graduate school classes, from eight to eleven (sometimes from five) I must listen to my son's complaints, daughter's singing, and her baby sister's crying.
I understand in this period of my life, it is really hard to live for myself, but it is a little sad to me.
I am always busy, I should find a way to maintain balance between roles.
I am studying Chinese and Hygiene for exam.
It took thirty minutes to get to the English conversation school from my university.
In the lesson, I couldn't answer the teacher's questions.
I like to eat meat, vegetables, fish and so on.
I think beef has more nutrition than vegetables.
Therefore we should eat vegetables.
So, I took a medicine and I stayed at home yesterday.
The best memory in New Zealand was horse trekking in Rotorua.
Please check the following sentence.
Next week our family is planning on going camping in the forest.
A man who is my ex-boss and colleague gave me a ``JOBA``; the true brand name is ``RODEO BOY2``.
It is a kind of exercise machine which was once really popular in Japan.
I ordered ``a`` new PC yesterday at the ``neighbourhood`` PC shop ``whose`` name is ``Dos Para``.
I haven't had many experience and I'm not a kind of preson who is good at speaking in front of someone.
Is it good or bad forlooking atinterviewer's eye?
Flour contains water, proteins, carbohydrates, lipids, minerals (inorganic substance), and vitamins.
The elements of an amino acid are usually carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and sulpher.
Tuesday, March 29
When the earthquake happened I remembered her and I worried about her.
I can't believe it because I take it for granted that Osechi should be handmade.
Today is HALLOWEEN, I don't know whether or not there is a party in my company. I don't know much about this holiday, so I will wait for someone's advice.
Now, I'm studying in Northeast China.
I'll be updating a lot of stuff since now. Please correct my English when its wrong, or improper, and feel free to talk and ask me anything, especially people who want to learn Japanese that are from other countries.
After a three day vacation, I'm back.
But I feel really tired and have no energy to do anything.
We talked long into the following morning.
get back together----> (get back into a relationship)
that's all. sex and the city is a really cool series, I really like it, especially because of the hot scenes in it, I think all men like it!
By the way, he is a very nice person, though he is shy sometimes.
Imagine how delighted I was the moment I saw her email.
I have to write an essay on Japanese education for foreign students,_ and I'd like to know what (all you) Japanese learners really think.
I plan to go to the KCC farmers market.
I have two chihuahuas, Kai and Choco.
Through I am a leader of my department, I feel that I lack confidence.
For instance, when I deal with something difficult, I'm usually filled with fear and nervousness.
My mother ordered ``Tempura soba (buckwheat noodle with tempura)`` and I ordered ``Misonikomi and Sashimi (Miso seasoned noodle and raw fish) set menu.
I went to home and looked for any mail but there was none as I expected.
I think most Japanese who came here are good at listening and grammar, but their speaking skill is not good.
I think that Japan faces a large problem now.
I am concerned about domestic and internal problem.
And one I failed last semester, I got a very bad score, so I will study that again.
I enjoy watching cartoons, bye.
Because as I said before, my section only has three men andso I want to make a good atmosphere.
They will either go on a domestic or overseas trip.
Some people will stay at home and play video games, or watch DVD movies.
use My coffee just ranout and I kept forgetting to buy some more. Also, I am not a coffee addict.
I could not keep my diary for a couple of days.
Because being in school is very tough, I was busy studying.
The reason may be that my journals are kind of boring and there are relatively few users who are native in English compared with Japanese users....
I told to somebody, but of course they didn't believe me.
I am writing a diary entry for the first time.
yesterday I went to an amusement park with my sister.
it takes thirty minutes to get there using freeway.
I left home at eight thirty for that but I had to pay twice the amount of money because we made a mistake in choosing the correct freeway exit.
first we enjoyed riding attraction that are selected by Guinness book of world records.
it is the most highest and fastest in the world.
so we wanted to buy the photo but another person was saying...
now my father is studying in Tokyo.
I'm new here. My name is Ian Lou. I am Chinese and I'm now living in Canton. all that I learn about English at school is not quite suitable 4 daily use and social daily communication. so, I want u guys to help me 2 learn some native English, you know, something really English.
As a result, I only took a 15 minute lesson today (the usual lesson time is 25 min).
parenting of their babies or adolescent sons or daughters and communication
to give up working because of these circumstances.
I should be more careful so as to not to scratch it when I drive.
Cherry blossom time is coming soon in Japan.
Also, if someone feels very tired or they have stress, they think smoking can help them solve their problem.
essential oil.
I searched the internet and I found Lang-8.
The museum just finished from renovation and the planetarium became one of the biggest doom in the world, so I am looking forward seeing the No. 1 planetarium.
I'll write about them later in more detail.
He is one of the best artists in the history of korean art.
And he introduced western European art in Korea.
And there are always many foreign people.
I was shopping for 3 hours, but I couldn't find my favorite clothes.
The lizard's face was very cute, I thought.
I do not mean to sound arrogant but I often just believe in myself regardless of these perception discrepencies> <
I went to Osaka station and bought a ticket soon after.
That make me depressed and sad.
If you buy our products with an accommodation service, you can get
After that, I had scarcely gotten home when my friend and I took a car to mt.
It is impossible.
recently, I think haven't exercised much
Sugar 15g
Salt 5g
2; Add yeast plants and sugar to the bowl and mix with a fork.
3; Add strong-flour and salt, mix together for 30 seconds.
I will understand grammar and be able to pass the 2nd-EIKEN exam.
And also Japanese people tend to think that compassion and duty are very important in a society.
My daugther will start going to junior high school from this Tuesday.
I prepared her items for school with her.
She wants to go school early because she wants to meet her friends.
Anyways, It's the truth that many kangarooes live in Australia.
People Who cannot pass the test will have difficulties in the next semester.
and then I had a very delicious meal.
When I met him about 5 years ago he said the same thing, so we wondered how he was earning money.
I earned 7million yen once but lately I'm always losing money. '
I make money regularly (It may be chicken feed, I think), but (1) I'll work as an English teacher starting next year.
I joined Lang-8.
After looking around the university, the student teacher bought us lunch.
I am having fun while learning English again.
I am following some tweets about learning English now but it is remitted by only PC, I feel.
Anyway it is very convenient to learn foreign languages these days.
I am not so smart but I want to thank those who have very special talents to develop our lifestyles.
I do hope they manage to use their talents to make our world happy, comfortable and peaceful.
I recently heard that a legendary band will come to my town...
When I miss something for being happy it's when I'm in loneliness, it's terrible because you feel sad and very negative.
But the food and the parties at and after Christmas Eve are so delicious that I can easily forget the stress before.
It's a little bit extreme to eat soo much 3 times in 3 days, I know..
she did thus unconsciously,
I like the story of 'Winnie the Pooh'.
When I was an elementary school student, I wanted to be a bookseller or an illustrator.
But it is raining.
However, I was half finished when it started raining.
Today, I didn't get good scores on the math test which the teacher gave us
The teacher decided to give us another chance on Wed.
after I took off from the plane I went to the gate 27, which is written on my flight ticket and started waiting for the transfer flight.
What made me eager to learn was the accident in the Phillipines.
Someone warned us to wear slippers in the sea, but mine just came off my feet.
Would you ever try speed dating or going to a dating service?
* No I never try speed dating or going to a dating service.
We didn't expect so many people to come.
Before drinking my third bottle of beer, I could take some good photos calmly and with a smile on my face.
When everything returned to normal I just said thanks to him, and picked up my Canon for more photos of hugs, kisses, farewell and confessions.
My treasure!
England is a very beautiful country!!
Furthermore, the problem in the USA is that the children take guns to their parents or their parents give guns to their children.
Consequently if a child has a psychological problem the fact that he carries a gun is dangerous. For example, a boy may shoot his parents and his siblings.
In addition, the second amendment in the USA states that the population can have guns, and that people can buy firearms at any time.
To conclude, severe gun laws are not the solution to the problem of gun violence in the USA because the second amendment is that people can have guns.
At that time there was a problem.
The person taking my order could not recognize my pronunciation.
I felt myself falling into darkness with disappointment.
If there was a small hole, I would have hidden in it.
Through this experience, I feel that I have to study English pronunciation more than what I have already done.
We can get seven consecutive holidays in GW.
Today, I cleaned my room. The desk and wardrobe and every corner are clean, so I am in a good mood.
Today, I am going to go to the year-end party with (my) university teachers.
That is the captal of China, and this is the captial of Xinjiang--my hometown.
On Samui we swam, walked around the island and tried to ride an ATV and an elephant.
During several days in Krabi we visited some islands, tried snorkeling and kayaking, and fed wild monkeys from our hand (fed wild monkeys by hand) (they are my second love after giraffes).
That's the reason I'm able to learn it more effectively than English and I have more fun with it.
I visited the ruins of Hagi castle and enjoyed watching carps (Koi) swimming in the pond surrounding the castle.
The morning speech was about safety
In my office, a mini meeting is held everyday.
The chairman of this meeting changes every morning.
A mini notebook which tell would be the next chairman goes round our section.
2 month ago, the safety speech was started by the chairman.
The purpose of this speech is to make us more aware about safety.
But many members get confused and worried on what to say.
Japanese people don't like free theme speeches.
In this way, we have to think the speech for the specific topic.
(This would help us to improve our safety awareness.)
Ranging from acquaintance, knowing each other well to being kept apart; just like the flowers `sprout, it opens and withers.
I came to this strange school, feeling enthusiastic in August, but now I stand at the end of September while keeping back the once boring sounds of the cicada.
Pay attention to the lessons, ok? ``, and I gave in to her.
I thought I have forgotten her.
``No way.`` I continued sitting on the chair and listening to my music.
I live in taipei now.
Anyway, I hope the government will quickly change from conventional cedar to cedar of a new type that has a low amount of pollen.
Some customers ordered customized drinks, but I could not take their orders because I did not know some of the beverage names....
In addition, I should improve my listening skills too!
Many people in the world visit my city throughout the year.
for example next weekend
If you have a dream to go to the chocolate factory, you try to buy it and see you there:)
The pickled turnip Leaves and cream cheese I had last dinner were really good, so I tried something similar, cream cheese on pickled eggplants and pickled Japanese radish leaves.
Then, I cut Japanese radish leaves into bite sizes and pickled them too.
I added chicken saute for some protein.
owe: Modern Society owes convenient life to science.
lend: I don't like to lend money to people because sometimes it becomes a source of trouble.
pour: Helen Keller understood the meaning of words when the water poured from her glass.
I'm writing my first diary.
My first diary
And another reason, might be my LAZINESS.
magandang gabi po.
Listening? Writing? Studying grammar?
I think nowadays there're a lot of thieves around us so we should pay more attention!
I really want to go to America soon and study there.
The small accident happened while I was driving, however it is something that nobody got hurt.
The teacher told me some important things about life in there.
I learned much about the school and know how to live well at here.
I listened to a worker speak about job hunting.
I think I have to set the aim and try to achieve the goal.
Are sparklers only Japanese culture?
Ten divided by five equals two.
Ten divided by three is three with one left over.
Distance divided by speed equals time.
Distance divided by time equals speed.
There are many systems in our department.
Believe it or not, there are about 40!
I am hopeful that I will improve my E language with your help, and I will try my best to help those who are interested in learning the Arabic language.
If you need to be polite, you can say ``watashi ha hashirimasu``.
Regardless of the subject of a sentence, you must not forget to add ``ha``.
If you have any questions, I'm willing to answer you!
So it would be a tough situation.
Today I was listening to the English conversation program on I-Pod, and teacher said that when the English native learn the pronunciation of 'Moshi moshi', they say 'Washing machine'.
Tomorrow we have a rehearsal for the sports day.
If it rains tomorow, we have to postpone the rehearsal.
He spoke so fast...> <However, even if he talked slower, I would not have fully understood because I don't have enough knowledge of Christianity.
When I was in Japan, they tried to persuade me to join Christianity so suddenly, I was little scared (or startled).
Perhaps most of them are Chinese vegetables.
I tried to cook something like that even though I don't know what kind of vegetables.
Wash the vegetable well and cut.
Watching my parents doing crazy things to continue working on music.
and then EMI USA disappeared and turned into???, something happened to the record company so it never went out.
Brazilians, Mexicans, Spanish, Koreans, Germans, and Venezuelans.
I realized that parents, friends and all people are really, really important in my life.
My host mother gave me a T-shirt, a sweater and a muffler.
It is a Japanese drama.
When I went to Hawaii, I bought many shirts from Abercrombie& Fitch.
Is that true??
Internet addiction
I am addicted to the internet.
I spend much time searching for information on the internet too.
She and her family came to Japan for work 21 years ago and has now become a Japanese citizen by naturalization.
I am very happy to encounter a good teacher, but I always feel like learning a foreign language in Japan is really difficult.
Because I don't have any chances to talk with foreigners, especially in the countryside like where I live.
Today, I went to a customer's office near my company, and the person in charge gave me an Omamori.
It is my first day making an entry on lang-8.
I didn't bring good camera, I only used my cellphone to shoot a picture.
So that I spend spent half of my twenties travelling.
As a result of the horrible situation from the March 11th
Because of the earthquake in Tohoku district and the many victims of the earthquake and tsunami, some parks have asked people to refrain from hanami this year.
So if my writing has some wrong sentence or word, please point it out.
when I went to Australia for the first time without any basic information about there, they gave me lots of useful information for free.
Especially, I was excited by the trumpeter's solo!!
If the battery does not have power to use, you can bite it with your teeth.
When day would you prefer to start learning Thai?
That all the sentences that I have prepared for my student. If you know any polite sentences please recommend some to me?
By the way, my middle sister took me with her to her room but I can't sleep becasue I would like to write in my diary before I sleep.
I received my TOEIC score today.
Anyway, I think that nowadays.
Is it better to speak a foreign language in perfect pronunciation?
I think that foreigners speaking Japanese in very good pronunciation
but it's natural to have slightly strange pronunciation.
and I wish I could communicate with anyone in the world.
Once it starts, one term has fourconsecutive days.
And one class is seventy minutes, so it will take some effort to maintain my concentration.
S., China, Germany, Finland, etc....
Also, when I was reading the driver's manual booklet, I found a hilarious practice question:
The main reason is that the company didn't acknowledge the problems cars had with their brakes and accelerators and issue a recall until 2009.
I thought that Edmonton is a very flat place:) and it is cold more than I expected it would be in Japan.
Everything was delicious!
We had a wonderful time.
my daugther was in good humor!
Spring break is going to end the day after tomorrow.
I'm not a person who enjoys to study, but am a person who goes out a lot with friends, so I would have to try to make myself a diligent person.
Recently I have begun reading English books because I know my vocabulary isn't up to scratch.
I have written my diary for the first time on this site.
Tomorrow I will do simultaneous translation at the Wednesday bible study.
This is my first translation in public! xO I'm sooooo nervous about it!
the nick name wasmade by aczech friend in sydney wholived with me.
Now I live in eoul.
She has alredy made roast turkey, pasta, roast potato, etc.
Maybe this might be the happiest I have ever been.
Saury is in season now.
But actually, it is a old American car.
Does the pronunciation of UK English have more emphasis on some vowel sounds?
Now I am trying to input my profile in the recruitment web site.
my friend is in class now, I am waiting for her so we can go home together. I decided tologin here, but when I look lastest posts, I find that most of journals are written in English or Japanese.
I just went to a university to get a graduation certificate
and I was awarded a scholarship!
with cultural exchanges between a lot of countries.
Therefore, I'll keep on studying.
I'm not married yet and I have no younger sisters or brothers.
I would like to get a tattoo of the Tiger or ``tora,`` not for fashion, I like it because it is considered by the Chinese to be one of the four sacred animal symbols, the North representing the autumn and control of the winds.
Also strength, courage and long life.
He will design the process, I want a tattoo that is only and exclusively mine, I hope it can be ready before next month.
I am very happy because the moment he came into my life, he made my life complete.
If the day I have to hate him comes, I will remember these days, how he treats me well, and how I feel so grateful.
To top it all off, the lack of people and the cold breeze sort of threw in loneliness while I was running in the grim and low temperature.
We had lunch, a dish made of rice and chicken called Yassa.
Unlike me.... because I can't speak English. I also can't think immediately of what I should say...
Though It is a little difficult to eat, it is good for our health.
Some soldiers in the helicopter are running out from the helicopter's back to fight or to get ready for a fight.
The helicopter transported these soldiers here and will fly away.
Safeco Field is like a beer garden! LoL.
She was cute and funny.
This time, to our regret, the rumour was proven to be true.
In other words, I am alive, because Korea could gain independence.
I think it is one of the reasons why almost all Japaneses can't speak English well even though we have learned English for a long time when we were in school.
First, when I started watching the video I wondered what he wanted to show.
I'm in a good mood today because my sister gave me a good answer (reply?) on MSN yesterday.
it helped me solve a problem.
It is Sunday morning and I'm going to meet some friends in the park. We should be have a lot of things to share with each other.
see you again.. when I come back.
The climate of Unzen is cooler than that of [downtown Nagasaki-Note 1].
It comes with two CDs which include songs, dialogues and chants.
Problems with Influenza
The spread of Influenza aroud the world.
The ful virus infection was confirmed yesterday in Tokyo.
I'm studying English.
Nostalgia--I want to know please if this essay can express the feeling of homesickness and the obstacles that person can face in the foreign countries?
Sometimes adapting to a new country can be difficult for some people. However, some can cope with the difficulties of living alone away from their parents.
Ever since I had thought of anything to do I felt nostalgia towards my previous life.
he only went to the nearly station, but also my coworker and I went to
I'd like to improve my English so I can communicate with many people in the world.
Today we talked about (the year) 2012. They say that the world will end in 2012.
I'm happy because tomorrow is a holiday!
Today, I went to a graduate school.
Maybe this is the reason that why I come/ here.
Today Pastors and leaders from Taiwan, Uganda and Singapore came to our church.
Of course I'm not sure If I can help them enough though.
When I was twenty years old I went to Singapore, the Philippines, and Japan by ship.
It was so fresh and wonderful!!!
And I enjoyed walking the streets and shopping.
Tell me what I should say then.
He was a little upset and said to me ``You're the worst teacher in this school!``
She dances and sings during the house party.
I think it is more difficult to write English than to read English, but it is more difficult to speak English than to write English.
she was twenty-nine years old and I was twenty-three.
(Someone said that this sentence is the worst opening in the whole wide world) I have just graduated from Insititue (College/ University) and I majored in Computer Science.
Different kinds of Chinese Dance have different kinds of feeling you need to capture.
It should be felt by observation and by your body.
They kindly paid me much more than I deserved, but it was tough work for me as I wasn't good at dealing with small smart boys...
I should have waited somewhere inside the building but I had to feed my children.
After that, I went back to my home town and drank with my grandmother and grandfather.
After the coffee hour, he had planed to play soccer with his friends, so I joined them.
There are normally 9 gruops of 9 boxes in a puzzle, and each box has to be filled with a number from 1 to 9, and also crossing lines and horizontal lines have to be filled.
-The North-East direction is considered to be an origin of bad luck.
-The number 4 is an unlucky number, because one of the pronunciations ``shi`` means ``death``, so in hospitals there are no rooms numbered 4.
I am wondering when my toothache will get better.
The professor who was my teacher (mentor?) when I was a university student will retire this month.
So I work hard, especially in English.
Some people say that if people don't drink any liquids or eat any food, then they will die.
This part is damn difficult for Japanese, because the singer does not pronounce each word in this part clearly.
I am writing this entry on my journal at McDonald's, the worldwide famous hamburger chain.
in every store in Japan and then I can use my PC with the broadband (?) network when I come to McDonald's.
But in reality I can use the internet under the broadband connection of 20 megabites per second over a cup of coffee, which costs only 120 yen here in Japan.
job hunting
Please check my diary
Today, my friends and I, who are graduate school students, went to the sea to play water sports for one of the classes..
Luck has nothing to do with success.
However, I
believe that it is impossible for everybody to
countless hours to prepare for the olympics and resist to
is not from only their luck, but also their effortn.
I understand everybody cannot do hard work and get their
your hardwork link, you will get success automatically.
agree with the statement that luck is nothing to do with success.
The Combatant who Wanted to be '' Kamen Rider ''
I write this first note to all of my friends.
My school is very beautiful and a collegiate university.
Futomaki is a rolled sushi.
Hi guys, Hope Everything is okay with you!
The movie, ``twilight``, is from novels written by an American housewife.
It is a story about a vampire and a beautiful college girl.
I think I should go to hospital, but receiving treatment in an overseas hosipital is a little bit scary for me.
So, I watch the TV in the morning.
When I went to Hawaii in May, I was reading a Hawaii guidebook published by Japanese company.
because there are too many people in the library. at once.
guss guessthen10 hours. I guess I study for more than 10 hours at times.
According to a report issued by Dandelion Research Committee, native species of dandelion have been decreasing, and introduced species have been increasing every year.
grammatical skills and know many vocabulary (sometimes even useless things)
what I hope for business out of Japan is that I work with free-style, free-custom.
Gyagu manga biyorialso haveanime (animated cartoon), it is also interesting.
Today, I got into some trouble.
We read two special surahs from Quran for people who are dead, for their souls to be in peace.
I don't know what to write for my first diary.
It is amazing that such a large amount of money was raised in spite of the recent depression.
I hope the discussion will be fruitful...
I have been to Egypt, Fiji, Mexco, Papua New Guinea, etc.
Finally, Anpanman always wins over Baikinman, of course!
But, I am not good at English.
because I like Japanese on all subject.
what do you think about your neighbor?
``and`` it is a little America ``as a joke.
The comment assume me because when I drove with my friends who are Taiwanese and Chinese, they discussed their identity and recognition of their respective countries.
I'll talk about what I learned today, both from my own experience in life and from others,.... or about some topics that I found that are interesting..... hope you will join me in discussing it.
I have to consider this as a problem.
The topic this time is ``What is your most shameful story in your life``.
One is walking behind the other and he or she is wearing a white hat, a shirt, a pair of short pants, and is carrying a dark green knapsack.
Among all American rappers I like only Eminem
I need a holiday for myself.
I must rescue myself from this confusing and meaningless life.
But I am not going to break my learning course.
The main actor Mike is an orphan and very poor, but he accidentally met Leigh Anne who gave him support and trusted him.
Suddenly everyting was covered in darkness.
fortunately, it hasn't darkened yet.
I couldn't see anything.
The teachers gave us illuminated candles.
I ate kimchi and rice for breakfast this morning.
Therefore, I can speak French a little bit and I have some knowledge of the city.
Instead of visiting popular sightseeing spots such as the Eiffle Tower, the Arc of Triumph, or the Palace of Versaille etc. I would like to visit my school that I attended, the park that I played in with my family, and the museums, which were too difficult for me to understand the importance of at the time.
I took part in an event held by the church nearby.
Christians always praise Jesus and pray everything for God.
I didn't go to sleep early, because today I got up at 2: 00pm.
Do you have a special plan for summer vacation?
This is what I suffered this morning.
Nobody wears a get-up like me.
I really want to improve my English...
I feel a bit nervous, but it's a great time to test my self control.
Do you know how to learn foreign language?
I design new mechanical parts or improve existing parts for aircraft almost every day.
Jesus as that shepherd coming to pick up what's left of you, and see how God brings victory out of defeat.
Hi everyone.
But English is so difficult.
Of course, I also think about immigration.
I think everything will be ok. I will ride out this storm.
Tell me please!
It's because our project is a group activity.
My friend bought me some steam rice and they were so good, I have
Tomorrow my beautiful country will be [a year] older, because tomorrow is the 15th of September.
The independence day is very interesting; the people go dancing,_ and go with their families to Zocalo.
Zocalo will be a very lively place [tomorrow]...
And there are many factors that facilitate a coincidence like this to happen.
Soon I think: whatever, I'm still me, another growing man.
I watched a TV program (NHK) about Lang-8.
Especially, my interests are bioinformatics and immunology.
I have studied Korean.
I went to Korea twice.
I want to keep learning English for business and chatting.
She talked with us about discrimination.
They also didn't know how to express themselves.
Our coach organizes different activities like camps or excursions or rafting.
During this meetings we congratulate them in different ways and do different interesting things.
Hello friends I am going to write something
I have insisted upon my beliefs for many years, but recently someone told me that I had made a mistake. They said I just live in my own world and never try to accept others to attend my world.
It's this real? How confused I am. Since that I have been paying more attention to my achievements and thinking about my words again and again when I speak out.
It just makes me feel sick with myself and I hate my character, my achievements and my wrong feelings.
And I chatted with my friends, on Facebook and twitter.
I studied about grammar there.
Yesterday, I flew to Edmonton, Canada.
They dominated the airplane so it was a little bit weird.
The husband is a native Canadian and the wife is philippineCanadian.
Kindly enough, they brought my bags and took me to their house.
It is in a tranquil residential area and has beautiful garden where you can see evergreen conifer.
In the back garden there is a husband's favorite bonsais and an azalea tree and a small vegetable garden.
She is 16 but her English is excellent, especially pronunciation.
According to her, she has already stayed for 7 months and studied in local international highschool.
The examinations were held with paper tests and did not include listening tests, so I studied English focusing on reading and grammar.
The artist told us about a difficult request (which) he had once received.
We are glad we choose Popo.
By the way, now Popo is almost 9 kg and from that small cat became the biggest cat I had never seen!
English Journal-August
I read the latest English Journal (EJ) at the library today.
It's one of my favourite magazines, which comes with a CD in English.
I hate the complicated ones because I cannot understand the story as soon as I concentrate on the captions.
I love studying languages because I'm interested in the sounds of foreign languages.
After, an American man who looked close to 33 ~ 38 years old, walked up to me and tried to chat me up.
In addition, I want to join a volunteer circle.
Because there have been many witnesses.
The only thing we can do is prepare for the earthquake, because it's just a nature disaster.
anyway I saw the movie ``Love and drugs`` yesterday at home alone.
I make vegetable soup and have it three times a day.
I want to overcome this situation (my character), but it will take a few times.
By the way, recently I am crazy about Gossip Girl which is an American TV show.
I hope he uses the same concentration he has for catching creatures, to do his homework...
I study about the environmental problem.
I saw some elementary students killing ants just for fun.
In the shop, the seller said to me: ``These will be great for your mp3`` (I have an ipod)-and it's true.
The movie is called ``Shutter Island``.
I'm looking forward to watching a movie called ``Inspection``.
Because, a large number of adult people often say, ``Recently young people are not polite and they don't have common sense.``
I'm looking forward to the future built on today's young people.
It was very short trip but I was able to enjoy it and discover the cultural difference between Japan and America.
Some children were transferred to the hospital due to heat exhaustion.
The extreme usage of air-conditioning caused the electric power company to stop producing electricity.
When I worried that he's going to bite me, Ms.
I called my agent about finding a job next month because I'll graduate from this school at the end of this month.
But look up at the apex of the triangle and you'll climb up to the top.
My insistence is that looking up your goal and making efforts brings you something which matches with you well.
The moment when I stood in front of our classmates, the teacher was commenting on my partner's errors in her presentation, so obviously it would bring a cetain pressure to me.
I'm exhausted, but lang-8 makes me vigorous.
I wonder why I was fascinated by that?
Perhaps it's from being brought up in Japan where most of people would be secular and atheist.
If my son got up by himself, I would be late for work because I can't hear Mom's voice.
I don't have enough time to do anything after work....
Then I'll meet my friends, that I haven't seen for a long time...
Jane is tired of dealing with customer complaints and wishes that she could be allocated to do another job.
My selection is not surely wrong, but correct: here is my final destination and utopia.
While I was watching the Singaporean city, I realized again that I must get a job here, and change myself from a loser and cowardly man to a human. Sorry, today was busy as well, so I can't write a long sentence.
It's been around a couple of years since we met each other.
We all will be surprised at how different we look when we meet together someday.
I'm CerezoOsaka supporter.
Shinji Kagawa was a member of this team.
Now he belongs Dortmunt in Germany.
I like Johnny Depp!
Breakfast is important
Hello, my wonderful friend.
It is about 8: 40. I take my breakfast early. What time do you usually take it?
I notice I am always hungry when I get up early, and after one hour I will be hungry again, even if it is earlier than usual.
Please don't forget to eat breakfast.
Miyagi and Iwate had the biggest damage.
For every day that I exist, I will have more energy!
Absolutley, making freinds is another goal for me.
Loneliness is a time you can talk over a lot of things such as human life and the purpose of your life
It's very easy to cook. Just put ingredients into a boiled Nabe soup. It warms you up, has a good taste and is healthy for you.
In fact, I scold him for misbehaving last night.
my younger sister and I went to a Guardeira for Spanish kindergarten,
that diverse, elegant, beautiful, environment-friendly, positively Europe Culture
My father took many pictures in Spain for family memories.
And until now, occasionally we saw the pictures and indulged in reminiscence.
But when I was 14-19, my father's business was getting worse, finally his business failed by the time I was fourteen years old.
For example Sushi, Takoyaki and Ramen noodles.
I should buy the correct size tomorrow.
There were many herbs and flowers (especially roses).
Could you explain these sentences below?
You must have to know a password.
Actually, I have taken it before.
There are some Korean food restaurants near my home.
I often go to Korean food restaurants because Korean food is my girlfriend's favourite.
It is served as rice and some Korean vegetables with Korean seasonings in a hot bowl,
I know from my friends that European people don't like to eat garlic (?)
Good night.
He is a Japanese singer.
He is forty years old.
I remembered a lot of things, like when I was a kid I flew a kite that my grandpa made for me.
During spring there was often a lot of wind in my hometown. I ran and ran, the kite flewhigher and higher, until the line or the kite broke.
We have to register to get medical treatment in the clinic.
The GP that we register with, must be the nearest clinic to our flat.
May I register with the GP here? ``
We went because she wanted to go to Layer's.
I'm glad to know such a good resturaunt is nearby!
Yesterday, I had a party at the Atsugi in the Kanagawa prefecture.
Very difficult, that song is.
Yesterday we traveled around Bangkok and today we came to the south of Thailand to the beach.
I and Tyler are just watching them with their beautiful bodies.
We are taking a boat around the island.
Actually I will remember this good day and save it in my heart.
Also I looked at a variety of the British Museum's artifacts, and I acknowledged the fact that the British Empire had enormous influence around the world in the past.
On the other hand, prices in yen were too high. Also, as many people say, the food wasn't good.
Particularly, the Eiffel Tower at night was very wonderful.
I have a lot of things to do, like my essays by tomorrow, (and I still have them now...
To take the side of Superman is very easy, he can fly and shoot optical rays from his eyes, he has super strength and incredible endurance.
I've decided to take the Graduate exam instead of finding a job.
When I've been in highschool, I have been reading, learning, and doing exercises all day.
Hajimemashite, Douzo Yoroshiku Onegaishimasu
I have also started to study Chinese, French, German and Spanish and have finished my grammar books.
I often regret a bit that I cannot voice an opinion I have.
Because I miss my family and I'll go back in 8 weeks.
They are American English and British English.
word, spelling, grammar, and pronunciation.
Since Australia used to be a colony of England, English in Australia is based on British English.
There are many other different spellings between both like color (A)/ colour (B), realize/ realise, and learned/ learnt.
Elementary Workbook
The finest Italian restaurant in Japan
I love Italian food and I like to search for nice Italian resturants.
I know one of the best Italian restaurants in Japan.
The chef of the restaurant is very good at making pizzas.
He got the win in the World Napoli Pizza championship as the first Japanese champion.
The pizza oven in this resturant is used in Italian house of Aichi Kyuhaku (the international trade exhibition in Aichi Prefecture).
This restaurant has a very long bar in the lounge area.
The recommendable glass in there is St Christina (Toskana red wine) and Grappa (the brandy made from strained grape leaves).
I want to go Chezari again and meet the beautiful CEO of the restaurant.
I opened my eyes and checked what time it was.
My personal computer was broken.
Now, I'm in the first year of being a doctor, resident,
At first we were excited to come to one of the hottest place in Tokyo but, we were disappointed and noticed that this shop would disappear/ close down in 5 years.
Second, the service was not good.
All they did was take pictures and dance to the noisy club music.
I did `t like those persistent salesladies at a department store, but I was surprised to see them.
I'm going to write a text ``End 1`` at the right-lower of the first illustration.
I'd like to know about the public safety of the US before going to L. A.
Because they have lost three game until yesterday.
I plan to go cycling to see Bondi beach this weekend.
I think that reading Nabokov's books is better than watching adapted movies.
Nabokov's language is delicious and he pays much attention to small details, but it's impossible to show this in film.
That's the most important thing for me at this moment
There are lots of people from different countries.
She is one of the most famous singers in japan.
(Of course, the contents of the concerts were the same.) It means that she paid about forty-thousand yen only for this time...
According to the news, an old man has been healthy although he had been drinking only cola without any water for some decades.
I do not see pepsi in my neighborhood supermarkets or convenience stores.
On the other hand, if the leader had many excellent subordinates, the single person style leadership would lead to quick and speedy decision making.
This trip was a very exciting experience for me.
She was a very very very friendly person, so I felt relieved.
I want to know if they are really strange.
Should I read books or watch movies or dramas?
yesterday night
yesterday night I had an arguement with my little brother who was a junior highschool student, a 14years old boy
So I'm making lots of fliers on my own.
After finishing up the fliers, I will hand out them at the station.
The most important thing is to draw the attention of the people who are walking through.
I bet it will make a big impact on the pedestrians!!
I don't care if most people prefer dogs over cats. I like dogs too, but cats are awesome.
Of course, it can teach many languages.
I can learn a lot of English words.
Language traning
If I had more time, I'd be ready for the language training more.
By the way, while I was on this site before, a friend sent me a lot of pictures and so today I am going to show you the beautiful pictures that my kind friend sent to me. Thank you.
This is my first time doing it.
In the year 2001, President Arroyo was elected and she started to negotiate with MILF.
but It has other meanings: search word of list, like a sponsor
It freezes or reboots only seconds after turning on.
What's weirder is that when it successfully boots and runs for 2 or 3 minutes without a hitch, it seldom freezes or reboots.
But after a second thought, that doesn't make any sense since it's an electronic device, not a human or animal.
Do you know DRRR?, It's a novel written by Ryougo Narita?
IZAYA is my favorite character in the DRRR.
It is needless to say that they ate it greedily and quickly.
Asians view life as everything being connected and affected.
I'm participating the ACM/ ICPC contest and I have many courses to learn. I also need to prepare my application for my study aboard, including impoving my poor English, which I'm doing right now.
The Japanese soccer team won the Australian team at the final, and won the Asia Cup championship.
But I didn't watch this game.
So I had to go to bed with my daughter.
I think they are the cutest in animals.
I'm always looking forward to the coming holidays
This is my first article, so I'll begin by introducing myself.
I will improve my English skills and seek a suitable job there if possible.
My boyfriend was a hot-tempered person, but he improved himself in order to stay with me.
It's not too difficult for me but lots of words really wear me out, especially Literature.
So I told him all of these things and we could better understand each other after our talk.
It's an interesting course and also important, because corrosion exists all around us.
We have 3 days off to celebrate Labour Day.
I think she is a pretty girl but I dont know if I like her or not.
I yearn having Korean barbecue, enjoying shopping in Taiwan night market, seeing a brilliant coloring temple in Bangkok.
By the way, how do foreign people feel when they come to Japan?
I was drinking with my friend.
I'm Saori, and Im also a college student.
I am not a systematic person: sometimes I cannot express myself fluently even with my native tongue!
If you know English and want someone to correct your japanese sentences, let's be friends!! I want many friends to improve my English skills.
But after I visited there a couple of times, I can see them as professionals who entertainment the customer with their mannerisms and conversations.
Basically it's the same discipline as other forms of commerce.
How do we provide value to our customers?
It is hard for me to study English
It is my first time taking English literature at the university and I never did
I recently feel that studying English is hard after I took a class at Hansung University.
Am I'm doing well or not?
Recently, he joined our English class, because he was interested in
I am actually taking a English writing class in the English department, and
(Quoted from Korean newspaper)
Importance of a breakfast cannot be emphasised too excessively.
I don't want to give up, I believe there's a way to change for the better.
It includes correction of grammar, translation from English to Japanese and Japanese to English too.
The morning is not so bad because the teacher was not so tired and had a sense of self-composure.
As the the teacher felt tired, she became nervous.
As kids were scolded, they became defiant.
My mind is peaceful.
(Four degrees Celsius is the difference between temperatures nowadays and temperatures during the last ice age!)
If the politicians had listened to them earlier, the situation wouldn't have been that fatal.
I like action, comedy, mystery and so on.
The highland is famous for it's beautiful nature scenery.
There are many flavors: salmon,_ cod roe,_ tuna, and so on.
This trip was funny, I went on one of my schools trips, we went to Queenstown and Dunedin, it was for four days and three nights. There were 10 of us including the guide (who is also a teacher), 9 students, 4 from my school.
On the second day, we went to Queenstown. We watch the people doing Bungy jumps, then the guide helped us book an activity, I decided to do the Skydiving. This was my dream in New Zealand, because in Taiwan we don't have this activity, if Taiwan had this activity, I think, maybe I wouldn't dare, because Taiwan is very small, we have no large open ground, maybe I would start to dive and after a little time hit a house, ha ~ ha ~.
Yesterday, I played football because I belong to my part time job's football team.
Recently, I like to make coffee!
Excuse me for reading your dairy and giving some advice, even though
But I thought that I sometimes do the same thing as her.
AND, we don't know what on earth the goverment is doing with so many taxes, while most people are living a miserable life.
This time, they are not letting the mooncake tax go off (?).
And lastly, I recently found this valuable and interesting site lang-8, which became my favorite!
Suddenly, it rained and I was forced to go back my home T T
Reading words on the iPhone makes my eye sight bad.
The UFC is a major fighting corporation in America.
So, I tried to record myself speaking sentences in English.
My English pronunciation is terrible.
I was exhausted....
Today is Saturday...
He was very nervous.
I will know the result within 10 days.
Obviously, as a standard product of the abnormal education, I am also a test maniac.
Secondly, she has supported Japan strongly since there was a big earthquake in northern areas.
It is obvious that the damage is still affecting the northern people, as well as Japanese economics.
As a result, $ 1500000 in total was gathered during two weeks.
This movement helped us definitely.
She presented her Monster Ball national tour offering premium VIP tickets to fans who volunteeer their time to homeless youth organizations, which raised more than $ 80000 in proceeds to support homeless youth.
However, when I hang out with my friends, I always wonder how the hell they can spend so much money.
I major in English, and I'd like to improve my English skills!
In addition, I'll tell you my least favorite proverb.
That's ``Two heads are better than one``. I never believe it.
I like this language and I think its characters are charming, fascinating.
My company buyer shirt and fabric export from China to Switzerland.
I am a souring and quality control.
In my spare time, I like to go swimming or tour different places.
The desire came out again when I started reading manga again and revisiting the Deviant Art website.
Fortunately I could try several (different) classes there, so I could compare the atmosphere, the teachers and of course the level of each class.
I have a little/ young son who is 2 years old.
I want to get TOEFL score 90 and go to canada as exchange student.
It's a service day.
Because there are many things I want to talk about:) So let's get started!
It 'sthe final concert of theMonkeyMajik tour 2010!
(The marche Japon Sendai, it is held every weekend at some arcade.) At the market, it's fun to talk directly with the seller and farmer.
Actually, even after this God punishment, sometimes we threw his belongings into the incinerator just for fun.
Although I have two more final exams, I can't stop to read.
It would be absolutely fabulous!!!
I recommend it.
2 You do not have to spend much time in the kitchen preparing meals
I installed KakaoTalk program on my iphone
This program is a kind of messenger like a MSN online chatting program.
Recently, I haven't been studying my/ the intermediate textbook on/ about grammar in use.
I don't understand it!
It's bigger than Korean ones...
Ive visited the family doctor, and he sent me to the hospital.
And my sickness was so hard/ bad that the lung specialist said that I couldn't go home.
So people in Tokyo are buying everything in the shop. So, I cannot buy water, rice and paper.
Yesterday, I went to Restaurant Hajime for lunch with my girlfriend.
My favorite dish was roasted lamb.
It was so cool that we felt very comfortable.
I'm not familiar with Europe at all.
Let's plant good seeds into our heart together.
[Please plant good seeds into the garden of your heart and you'll be sure to be happy unless somebody doubts you].
Please could you tell me your own thoughts.
I do like the older music too, Hungarian songs specifically.
She said that her superior did and said stupid things, and caused a lot of trouble.
The experiment is also waiting for me,
I have experienced a typhoon of level/ magnitude 8 ever since I have stayed in Hong Kong.
And actually I think it wories Avi that we call Ji-Hyun Scott, a man's name.
It is written using an indian ink.
I was sweaty.
I found ``Sleep tracker`` which is a wrist watch that can analyse the rhythm of one's sleep, R.
A famous Japanese celebrity said, ``I can wake up much easier than ever with this``.
Yet, from the sidelines, they may be considered illusions.
That's why nowadays I'm leading my life under the belief that something that manipulates us exists and we are leading our life at the behest of it.
Some part of me think that I couldn't care less because if my theory is right, nothing was truly done by us humans but done by the manipulator.
All too often, my students declare that they don't know why they study.
Study English
4, There are many people with a similar name to me in Japan.
Suddenly when I woke up this morning,
but I couldn't be satisfied with this musical on that day.
Whenever I learn English, I find Japanese interesting ^_ ^
I read a comment in the textbook which said there was a very close relationship between vocabulary and success.
Goodness, who can tell me how to do it..
=___ = I hate the Korean (alcohol) drinking culture.
My sister's company is forcing her to drink a lot of alcohol even though she doesn't want to drink.
Then we put meat, vegetables, beans, tofu, etc.
The weather was so roasting, made us uncomfortable.* Agree!*
In the theater, the story was outstanding from beginning to end, it made me feel inconceivability, especially when the transformer change their mind, it was very cool.
My company is a American capital company, so I really want to improve my English level a.
According to many newspapers, news programs and websites, the wilderness areas all over the world are endangered.
* Coffee-Fresh is Japanese-English.
I feel terrible and I've almost lost my self-confidence and courage to do another job interview.
We went from Wakkanai, Hokkaido to Okinawa and enjoyed sightseeing, eating delicious food, bathing in hot spring, and so on.
By curious coincidence, us five friends made a circle and pledged to proceed into bright futures at Takamatsu Airport just one year ago.
It seems that I am buying the sacred certificate with money.
If you are interested in CLAYMORE, please check the following URL.
I really want to study English well. I hope you can help me! ~
She came by Shinkansen.
It's also a wonderful movie.
After graduating from my junior high school, I went to Switzerland to study other cultures and languages.
My husband is good at wood.
The length is about three meters, the weight is 30kg, and the width is 80cm.
NZ has a beautiful nature, many nationalities and traditional cultures (ex.
I only know my family, friends, school...
Nearly 20 people came and together we had a great evening.
In my workplace, English will be the national language in the future, So I have to learn English properly.
Izakaya normally offer food and alcohol at night, but
Today is a fine day.
So, at present I have just 300RMB on hand.
A couple of days ago I joined a team which was started in order to translate English into Korean by university students.
Our team's slogan is to be in middle of the world that is emphasizing independence and creativity.
I went to the building near the Pusan city subway station to attend OT.
So my primary problem is pronunciation.
At first I tried repeating correct sounds by listening news or Tv programs.
I live in my home town. There are some friends whom I've known for a long time around here.
She forgot to pay her utility bill because she is always busy.
Hi World!
It is also very snowy today.
Yes, I tried to write the calories off with those veges.
So I was so disappointed.
Of course sometimes I feel a little nervouse, since I don't know if I can get a good job again after coming back to Japan, also I don't know if I will be able to speak English after I go abroad.
I also had a blood test.
I started reading ``HOLES``.
I'm studying Spanish because my best friend was Mexican.
I haven't told her that I'm studying Spanish yet, but I'm going to make her surprised when I go back to Califorina.
I am not always comfortable with writing a business English letter.
they lost to the Orlando Magic. (;_;)
I found this site accidentally.
I took an examination in english communication class today.
So I went to school quickly and arrived earlier than I normally do.
So there was no chicken and beer!
I thought that something was happening, and I asked some people what happened.
And now, I have finished the arrangement.
This happening wasn't solely a bad thing, because I know her today more than yesterday.
To get a reasonable price, I need to check the price of several companies, not just 1 company.
So we promised that today, I would do nothing to help the household, and study English all day long.
My younger sister is 33 years old.
Before we separated, we shook-hands and blessed each other a successful trip.
Besides, I bought some snacks and foods such as Songpyeon, a half moon shaped rice cake that is the most representative Korean Thanksgiving food to have during the long weekend, which is over three days.
The purpose of writing here is improving my skill in expressions in English.
But now I `ve decided to challenge to write a diary in English.
I enjoyed summer vacation.
In this Club, many Japanese who want to brush up on their English skills and many Americans who are interested in Japanese gather at the Student Center and talk to each other.
It was a little gross, but I liked it because its plot was easy to understand.
I went to cram school to teach English grammar for high school students.
Right now, I am so exhausted.
I am studying art but I am interested in film and I also like watching movies.
Today is Saturday. there is no class today
My favorite sport is ``kendo``.
These days, I often see many magazines featuring beautiful and lovely chocorates for St.
unbelievable...
Today, I dreamt on introduce myself in spanish!!
She can't control the muscles on the left side of her face.
But we still don't know how this happened.
So the doctor removed that tooth's nerve.
I had been to another dentist and was told that nothing was wrong with my teeth.
The doctor filled wherever he shaved with temporary medicine.
I found her some medicine.
I went back to my dormitory and talked with my roommates.
Chatting with my friends
My diary has alot in it if you don't have the time to correct it, you can just correct some paragraphs. If somesome read my diary and see it not finished please help me correct it, thank you very much my friends at lang-8.
I met my friend today, we went to the movies at Sukumvit, together with my Thai friend and her Chinese friend. We were watched it for free.
Thank you for listening me.
I found two cute one-pieces.
I feel that I will have good dreams in tonight.
To write a diary diary is interesting for me.
I need to learn more vocabulary.
Tomorrow's dinner will be also curry, assuming I don't have a previous engagement.
I think it's the most fantastic cellular phone that I've ever seen.
That class is called social talking.
So I can't improve my hearing and speaking in that class.
The difference between what she is and what she was has made me sad.
The only way to make me happier is try to find someone else.
I try to find someone who is really concerned about me.
All students have to/ Every student has to pass various examinations to graduate from a university or a college,
Especially Cappadocia!
It seems like a 3D version of Nintendo.
Do you know Haruki Murakami?
His famous novels include ``Kafka on the Shore,`` ``Norwegian Wood,``
While human beings forget many things everyday and every moment, thanks to cameras and videos we can keep all things in pictures and movies by just pushing a button.
Moreover, they will never fade away and lose color.
positive thinking
Of_ course I want to be a dietitian.
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.
If you could give me a grammatical explanation of the above sentence, I would be most grateful.
If I had a lot of time and money, I'd like to travel everyday!
I met a friend today.
Every year, I gave him chocolates.
It is not just a subject for specialists and researchers.
If you have a sugestion, please tell me!!
The first thing every one of my friends says on messenger when I say Hi is ``I'm almost dying because of the crazy weather``.
But thankfully I'm here in Canada where the weather is great in summer time.
Besides Except english I really love japanese.
Recently, I feel that some incidents that happened to me is as if they were TV programs I had watched before.
Yesterday, my best female friend who is my ex-coworker asked me to tell a man who is her ex-boyfriend and our ex-coworker before, my mail address.
And I know the fact she doesn't know, which is that he played with her while having an intercourse with another coworker.
One year ago, he made his girlfriend pregnant and asked my friend to lend a lot of money to him for abortion.
A grandson asks his grandfather,
GS: Grandpa, why do we have festive red rice?
I nerve thought that sushi would be such a popular food around the world.
I really appreciate that so many friends remembered my birthday, and it was so nice to celebrate my birthday together with them.
Recently, the weather in Taiwan is very good and the temperature there is very high and it is very hot.
I went to the department store on New year's eve to buy some ingredients.
On new year's day morning, many people went to temples and shrines to pray to achieve their goal, despite the fact that they religious.
In addition to this, it must be one of the reasons why special TV programs that are usually unable to be watched are broadcast.
What about other countries??
What is a better expression?
Because I took a college entrance exam and passed it.
The story consists mainly of pirate adventures, and they also have special abilities as similar as how Naruto uses Ninjutsu.
Tuna was especially delicious.
I have no job and try to improve my English.
The croquettes are freshly fried and the salads are delicious but they cost more compared to homemade food
After I come home, I enjoy the foods I bought.
I've got a really big problem: tomorrow there's a really important test about the voting system in the USA and I don't get it at all!!
First there are primaries or caucuses.
Then the Democrats and the Republicans each send a certain number of delegates to their national conventions.
For example in state 1 candidate X from the Democrats has the most votes the democratic delegates from state X vote for candidate X as their presidential nominee.
Before this vote each elector says which candidate they will vote for and they have to stick to this later.
We have received news that my airline is very dangerous. It has many accidents and there are thefts at times...!!!!
to be continued.
Monday October 19th 2009
And, there is the invincible girl, Clare.
Nathan can fly.
And, his younger brother, Peter can absorb their powers.
So, Peter can fly, read people's thoughts, be invincible, and so on.
But, it's really amazing and fascinating.
Generally girls wear long sleeved kimonos and boys wear long pleated, culotte like, Japanese trousers or a suit.
My last roommate already went back to Australia to work. We had lived in our apartment for a couple of weeks, which was a wonderful time for me.
Then, I also met my new roommate, who is from Korea and he has lived in Auckland about one year, so he can speak English very well.
Except for Japan and a few other countries, countries don't have school fees untill university.
However, I want to go to abroad during/ on my summer holidays, to Scandinavia, Sweden, Slovenia or England.
But I thought it was a very good experience for me.
Maybe I am just waiting for someone to talk to me.
the entire floor covered with dirty water, which I did not know where it came
Unfortunately the plumber could not come to repair it on that day
I could not see all the movies in the series, but this movie was better than I expected.
(more than usual)
but if it's raining outside, I just jump in my room with the pedometer.
I normally play
Through this job, I understood how difficult to change the language channels momentarily between Japanese and English.
* Explaining about the world heritage's culture and history on a microphone.
I have a habit if checking the back of my hair often.
I stand with my back to the mirror and check my hair with a hand mirror.
We departed from Knsai International Airport at midnight.
I think I did the worst presentation in the class.
I can see the large farm and houses every day.
Although I also can see many goats and sheeps being killed, when I saw the view on my way home, I felt better and love the life I have right now.
In later years, however, the significance of the language was de-emphasized, as the study of so-called living languages like French and German came to be seen as more relevant.
The language continued to have high status for some in the 1970s, even though far fewer students (only one out of every 100 high school students) took it.
Good weather, nice location and good people.
Please call me on Skype!
I wanted to eat someting at lunchtime, so I went to the kitchen.
I made some Macaroni cheese yesterday, so I decided to eat that.
I looked for it everywhere in the fridge, but my lunch wasn't anywhere.
Then, my host-father came into the kitchen joyfully and began to talk.
The tupperware had his daughter's name written on it, so he assumed that his daughter made what was inside.
She has a physical characteristic.
The Culcom institute helps people improve their English skills.
I joined a study group so I have to memorize some kind of story.
I want to do solve this situation.
They are very good friends with each other, and of course with me!
I thought that I could be free from studying English, but I was wrong, totally wrong.
the score I got was not what I expected.
but the most important thing now is Chinese New Year lol
I'm not good at listening to lyrics, but I can hear it clearly.
Before I go to school
Before I found out about this site, I'd ask my English teacher for help.
When I write, grammar is very difficult.
People who smell it are brainwashed, and are not conscious of creating a painting equal to that of Picasso...
We set off the firefly for stream in summer.
Listening to new music; seeing a movie for the first time; my first time travelling alone, the first time I joined a club (I joined an athletic club), my first...
About two months ago in the US, I saw a free trial service at a cosmetic company website.
I only started learning English recently, I'd like to speak it fluently but it's more difficult for me now.
Some analysts say K-Pop is familiar to American Pop music.
Several hours later, at twilight, It became cloudy.
I thought it would be interesting!!!!
Some of them wear it an improper way, for instance in a too short and revealing way like a girl:(
In modern society, There are more and more technological products created and we enjoy lots of of these.
In my opinion, one of the most important technologies that helps the students is the computer.
They can easily carry hundreds of books in their pockets or backpacks and read all the time.
Students can also edit the tasks, paint the pictures, record the sounds... etc by computers.
Besides this, rememeber that not all of the countries are
well-developed.
The progression of technology makes them left further behind in the competition in this world.
Touching scenes made my eyes teary.
A man visited my workplace today.
I am going to see a dentist on Monday.
I became a third year student.
He is one of the most influential consultants in the world.
I am going to be more curious about everything that happens to me.
We worry less and think more intelligently.
For example Helen Keller, an outstanding female American writer, could neither see, speak or hear, but she was such a great woman with strong will who never stop struggling.
Her biography ``My Story`` is quite impressive, because it depicts every important footprint in her life.
It's a constructive psychological strategy to cope with reality and conflicts.
Therefore, I prepared a jar only for saving quarters.
I would like to attend Opera just once because it is one of the mysterious things for me.
The reason why I am interested in it is because the actors and actresses sing and dance on the stage wearing luxurious dresses and sometimes wear masks.
Today,_ I registered on a website of learning a foreign language.
Why can the software summarize texts?
But I will go to other countries in South-east Asia (e. g. Vietnam, Cambodia, Singapore etc.)
I think the government spends a lot of money in vain.
I read the article that other countries have a systematic educational.
I like them very much because they have their own ideas to spend time.
One of my friends went to Myanmar as volunteer with her circle members.
The other one of my friends is now 23-year-old though she is a freshman.
Then she came back to Japan and now she is a student of our university.
She have many views to look something.
Three days ago my portable audio player stopped working correctly.
Many years ago, we could just bring it back to the shop where we
I was blessed with excellent friends.
Thank you for being a friend.
First, you will receive a million yen of virtual money.
I'm going to introduce some goods later.
From the next weekend we are entering a long holiday including Sul.
so the approaching holiday is longer than January 1st.
Airplane (or Aeroplane) fee
here, I think, I should give thanks to my friends, thank you for taking care of me always!
I did not find the interview too difficult but I had to wait a long time.
It is because I have not used their product before.
My life would be prefect if I could speak and read English.
The/ Our main dish was shrimps.
There are many occasions on which to eat meat, for example, going for a drink with my co-workers, or being invited to my friend's home for dinner.
A: If you think so, I can come down on the price a little. (a bit)
Continuity is Important
my hobby is running.
US, Singapore, China...
I went to the park to play badminton with my friend. We had an appointment at 11. 00 a. m.
But I was late getting there because I was chatting with some people on MSN.
Yesterday was my birthday.
We had international cuisine at JICA.
They are helping a lot of developing countries with their serious problems.
I love the cafe because they have a lot of International cuisine and
Lasik surgery
(When I got it) at first, I suffered from tremendous pain for two days.
Thankfully, now I can see very clearly.
For example, English, Mathematics for business to get a license.
X-(but I love to study English, so I'll do my best!!
We watch so much television that we are subjected to the same commercials we've seen over and over during the thirty plus hours we spend in front of our beloved (?) television every week.
Thank you for reading, and thank you for your cooperation as always,
I will have hard training!!!
Langrich campaign
I enjoyed practicing pronunciation.
but I am gonna write about my daily life or my thoughts and such..
Please don't misunderstand me, I am a completely straight man.
But one of my colleagues wanted to go to that kind of place just out of curiosity, although he is also straight man.
A coffee aficinado?
In the morning I am so busy because I am making lunch boxes for my kids. ``
You can read it at the below site.
I played soccer with children at the park in the Tama Center
But this time, of course, my parents will join the wedding party.
It's a good opportunity for us to show my parents our appreciation and take care of them overseas.
nanun kenneth john torsiede yimnida.
University, homework...
Gifts, happiness in the air...
and Taiwan to sightsee for a month in March.
The earthquake happened while I was traveling through Europe.
I haven't seen any foreigners sightseeing in Tokyo since I came back.
At the time I couldn't understand what ``invisible radiation and`` going critical ``meant, despite the abundance of information on the TV. I was frightened of the news.
I can't concentrate while I am at home at least.
All paper towels in public restrooms are a waste of resources, so people should bring their own handkerchiefs to dry their hands.
If American saw me using a handkerchief in a public restroom, they might think that I am strange or that my hands were dirty.
Should I not use my handkerchief in the U.
It's not difficult to recognize all of my colleague and friends through the phone memory.
It's good in this new year that my friends and colleagues contacted via message and leaved their names.
England '.
We can't tolerate, when such things occur.
I'm going to write in my Journalin English everyday.
Today, I read the lyrics of ``Beauty and the Beast`` on the Internet.
It has very beautiful lyrics and a romantic melody.
Anyway, the China's National Day is coming, and we will have a 8-day holiday all over China. That's so great ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
I also have several things to do.... (thanks to my job, I can schedule my things easily.)
I have to buy a new pair of shoes--my Nike shoes are worn out....
I have to prepare to decorate my new appartment. During the holiday, the salesman will make a presentation about some products which I want to check out for my interior decoration..
It something should happen suddenly, I need to prepare for it in my schedule.
There are many interesting events, for example, dancing, beauty contest, eating and muscle convention.
I want to be good at using computer.
Unfortunately, our teacher's mid-term test asks so many questions which contains so many details.
Because I think I have prepared it well, so I told my teacher that our play is not totally the same as a drama, and he told us we can finish it.
The other subjects are so-so, I hope that I can get a score which I will be satisfied with.
Today is a national holiday for election in Philippine.
I mean I can select 19 credits from 100 courses before officially registering.
I always wanted to go shopping in Harajuku; because, there are many fashionable clothes.
I bought many clothes; so, I have little money now.
I trained my body today.
My English is not good, especially my writing.
It was so beautiful.
Around one hundred thousand people commit suicide every year around and three hundred people commit suicide everyday.
But most Japanese people believe ``' we have the best public safety because Japanese people are smart and cool compared to the people of other countries! ``
Japanese people believe that only Japan has four beautiful seasons for some reason lol
But it doesn't mean their countries don't have four seasons.
Their countries are very big and different from scummy and small Japan.
What is better using public transportation or a rental car?
EBM band Krnangh was very fine, their music is nice, classical EBM with some lyrics about National Socialism and Adolf Hitler.
But their charismatic vocalist and other band members were great.
I am not improving my English skills.
because, I do not have any chance to speak or use English in Japan.
Someone, please gim me/ give me more chances....
an unforgettable movie
Because sometimes couples cannot be together in real life for some reason, but movies make their dreams come true.
Unfortunately, I'll probably have to sell my motorcycle in September because I'm going to study abroad in Victoria, Canada.
Green revolution have brought about great benefits for humankind as a whole.
After He succeeded in making his own company and joining in the market, most of his friends have changed into green-eyed monsters.
But many countries don't impose it on groceries that people need for their daily life
we already have huge debt that is 1. 5 times of Japan's GDP.
I personally think the only way to avoid going bankruptcy is to raise consumption tax.
It may cause allergic reactions, and carries the possibility of damaging a childs health.
In my opinion, I believe that schools so ban the sale of junk food.
When I have something I feel better to share it with my friends here because you help me decide how I can manage it.
They are afraid If I can do that I will sad.
The core concept of this theory is based on reversing the ideas of drawing a picture.
Also I boiled rice and sauted mixed vegetables: pieces of carrots and cabbage and siitake (Japanese kind of mushrooms).
Additionally, I have some anxieties about my relationships with other people.
However, there is no use complaining now, so I must manage my tasks and control my mental condition well.
After all classes finished, we clean up our school and have homeroom class to exchange information.
I've just heard Miss Eliot Sumner sing and I was surprised.
Lucily, the teacher didn't blame me, and the class had just started when I got there.
If I rent them, I need to return DVDs, which means I can't watch them with subtitles or without subtitles repeatedly.
I can sometimes understand their conversation not using any slangs or difficult expressions.
I hope this is a good environment for me where I will have many new friends.
Thank you very much.
Until the last moment the mother kept hugging and protected her
I can check what I said by listening to him and must use beautiful words.
Please be careful in eating raw meat!
My roommates and I chose a basketball class this time.
I sure have to practice speaking English.
I am interested in Ryouma Sakamoto and the Bakumatsu.
He saw many awful results and got new memories.
The most happy ending would have been if he and the woman he had loved were living without any relation to each other.
I know she is very talented and bold enough to use weird materials for her costumes.
We didn't have much time to talk about many things while we were working, so we couldn't get to know each other well tonight. (almost correct!)
However, I made a stupid mistake at the bar.
I ordered a drink, and there was a long thing in there.
I will inform you the date when the magazine will be published.
I can read English sentences a little but, I can't write English sentences.
This weekend I will go to Shizuoka to give a speech about my research.
This is great for me as I cannot speak English well.
But of course I am going to practice writing and speaking:)
I ordered a lunch plate of green salad and sausages.
After that we ate at McDonalds, normally I don't like fast food, but it was okay.
However, it's also true that neighbors can annoy us, for example, with their noise.
I will prepare for travel.
What kind of information do you want to know about Japan??
What is difference between a mouse and a rat?
Because I'm ready to meet my friends for a field party.
Today I felt something really strange. Three people in different classes, who normally don't associate with me, acted strangely friendly.
I hopy to have a happy summer vacation and learn new things. I hope I will gain a lots of useful information andmake friends with people in different parts of the world.
I made this nail tip last night.
l have coupons which can be used to get a discount for about $ 5.
After I returned to my office in the evening, I attended the English class.
I stayed indoors and read or did cross stitch.
The advantage of this trip was that I finished the cross stitch portrait of my cat.
Tomorrow is the Japanese national holiday!!
I was only the one amongst my circle of friends who didn't know this site: '(
In addition, planning ahead has economical benefits.
Finally, by planning when to come back home, I can be well prepared for the next day.
I have become accustomed to the cold weather recently.
I checked the YouTube and it was really fun.
I don't know whether I'm too intellectual or I'm too ruthless.
I'll cook rice including burdock and chicken.
He said in his mail 'In Holland we have an old tradition about St Nicholas (Sinterklaas).
To distribute the gifts, Sinterklaas rides on his horse over the roofs and puts them in the chimneys.
If you read this diary, check this please.
I want to make business card and I'm thinking about my catch phrase.
I wore new recruit suit which I bought at AOYAMA.
I think it was the cause of my discomfort.
Could you help me, please?
Chinese medicine has a profound knowledge.
Unfortunately, I have to memorize them all including their shapes, functions and Latin names before mid-exam.
Before we build nuclear power stations we should consider about that more carefully.
So what do think about nuclear power stations?
Yesterday I felt happy because I had 4 native people correct my diary.
I wrote the diary again following what they taught me.
I find out about me when I write the sentance like the diary. I fill happy and enjoy that and waiting for someone correct it before I check it. I feel excited and I think today someone will help me correct it.
I heard the news about the disaster in Haiti and made a donation to there, but I didn't know exactly what happened at Haiti and how they live now.
It didn't take long time to realize that the South Koreans are highly affected by two countries, Japan and the U.
It will (?) be hard on a rainy day but now I'm not going to worry about all the wrong things anymore.
When asked ``why me``, he didn't give me a satisfactory answer but said ``You don't even give me the chance.`` Yeah, I declined to travel to another city to meet him, in a city I have never been to and for someone I hardly know.
I discovered he likes fruit a lot.
He didn't eat only water melon but also peach, grape.
He didn't eat baby food, but he could eat fruit.
Most people living in Seoul carry their umbrella every time they go out.
We have had much more rain recently than usual.
Taylor Swift and Miley Cyrus are my favourite singers.
``Many foreigners play an active part in Japan.
I had planned to cook in the morning as well but in the end nothing happened.
English is an international language.
The temperature was-22c
I played soccer at night (-22) I'm going crazy
Futon is a bedcloth.
The location is a local college which stands on a mountain.
I went to a shopping mall that is near to my aunt's house.
We spend today relaxing.
How do I understand which article to use?
Actuary, I was bored yesterday and last week.
So, I couldn't write my diary today.
I'm going to prepare some projects, that is, licenses (subjects)? like language, leadership and so on.
Hi ~ I want to improve my English, please help me, thanks! ^ ^
I really want to improve my poor English.....
My grammar very poor....
I felt a sense of guilt for not picking up because I knew who would call at around that time.
Could you tell me more about Christmas?
Merry Christmas, my dear friend.
Nowadays, Christmas is more and more popular in China.
truth, however, I know little about Christmas.
What will you do on Christmas? I'd like to
It is obvious that I am easily to be happy.
I know that it sometimes seems un-meature, but candies are my favorite, so it obsolutely can make me happy.
Sometimes we don't know what path to take or what choice to make.
We live our lives like passing white and black stripes, like walking in a rainy day without an umbrella.
We have to leave our problems behind and step forward towards happiness.
On my way home, I noticed something fell from the sky.
I planed to write down the diaries that were corrected by my best best best best best teacher& friends, but I'm so sleepy now.
did my best though, I could not answer all questions perfectly.
Today is Friday I am so happy because I will have a holiday tomorrow.
I'm so tired recently.
Her sleeping style is interesting because she looks like my father. (hahaha:D)
Then he moved to Japan, United Kingdam, Sweden, Germany and finally he grew up in the US most of his life.
Amid the growing trend where personal computers have become prevalent, lo and behold, even books have become available on PCs, such as the Kindle that offers us the opportunity to read books on a screen.
frowned upon because they are singing and chatting loudly or being drunken at Ohanami
You know what they say ``Winners never quit, Quitters never win!``
I actually have a jinx.
We find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified...
The president made clear that he would not flinch in using military power
The best breakfast in the world
And then, we enjoyed sight-seeing.
Nowadays, many hotels offer discounts of up to 50%.
I have started an English diary.
There was nothing special about today, it was just a normal day.
but actually, life just means ordinary things that are happening daily.
Recently, I have a backache too.
I want to become s friends with many people.
And my mum, she is generous and lenient enough to make me brown bags when it's needed.
She satisfies my families culinary taste.
I wish she wouldn't eat sweet so many confectioneries.
So I'd like her to have a good marriage because she is my only sibling.
I don't know if I wrote correctly, but I'm going to write this meaningless entry.
The paper was for a weird entrance exam.
Outlet plaza
Actually, I didn `t remember my birthday at all until just now.
My son became a junior high school student this spring.
This afternoon, I saw a film called ``THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING``.
On Fridays, there is free English conversation club at the building.
Starting on Friday, Hong Kong is on 4 days of national holiday in a row.
So, I'm in office now because I have to translate Japanese documents into English.
there are many special words in my business.
It takes a long time to complete them.
Green green, there are lot of green above the hill.
I will go to Shanghai for an assignment in July.
So I will keep writing my journal and mentioning my Twitter.
My car didn't move for more than 30 minutes!
My goal is to study English.
I can't believe it!
So please correct my diary.
I'm at a finance class.
But warm days and cold days are repeating themselves in Nagoya.
On my way home from my English circle, I adjusted the vinyl tunnels of cucumbers and watermelons at 9pm..
In deed, My coworker said me, ``Since when were you mysophobic?``
They had 3 rooms decorated with many accessories that were hand made by the LIFE STUDIO staff, and You was taken about 70 cut pictures.
At first, he smiled because the studio staff played with him.
Although I did not care about it, one thing happened!!!
1. Tomorrow I will watch a movie.
2. on Christmas day I will go to Deagu.
I have to read some scientific papers until tomorrow.
Agemanju is very delicious.
Everything is fine but, as you already know, we have the shutdown problem with the computers.
Anyway, I've decided to watch Transformer III tomorrow with my sister.
I want to befriend someone who knows English or French, that's the reason why I will write something here.
I'm wearing thick clothes like the sweater I have on now.
I meet various foreigners from all over the world.
One of my co-worker is a Filipino and we talk (or converse) in English although I am Korean and she is a Filipino.
And when I work with foreign teachers, I feel the cultural difference.
It's sometimes bad but usually I'm excited to work with people who are really different than I thought they would be!
egg is medium boiled.
Recently, I have taken a lunch box with me to school.
So, I have to get up 30 minutes earlier than usual to prepare my lunch box.
This is cheap and delicious.
I am exicited to feel their bigfoot upon my arrival.
But that changed when I went to university and took a major in English Education. I found myself loving English that I realized English is useful in our daily life.
Since then, I became very diligent in learning English. I want to make a great progress for my final exam.
But my English skills are poorer than my classmate.
So I want to improve my English this summer vacation!!!
I read English passages loudly in the morning, but I'm not sure whether my pronunciations are right.
It was no good having a sore throat and a bad headache last Saturday.
My husbund left very early this morning around 5am to go to SanDiego on business.
Today I went to see and buy some china at the Villeroy& Boch factory.
That factory is fantastic!
I bought four white square plates.
These are good for pasta, stew, salad, etc,,,
goodnight.
Life is like a chocolate box?
I was very afraid at first when I got on the train going to Milano.
A very nice beginning.
We went to her home at first and talked about everything that happened to us in these past 3 years.
After I listened to her whole story, I found in her face some tiredness and boredom in her life.
I gave her a chocolate box which I bought in Switzerland.
There were many different kinds of chocolates in the box.
``Life is like a chocolate box.
Everyday, we can eat a different taste of chocolates. ``
I also watched this movie before, but I've already forgotten this phrase.
Yes, life may be like a chocolate box.
Although we may have eaten a bitter chocolate today, we might eat a sweet chocolate with a lot of flavors tomorrow.
So, I think we should be careful when we chat online with someone we don't know.
First, almost every Japanese person has eaten whale meat.
Our ancestors began these events in order to worship their gods, to show thanks for the harvest, to pray for prosperity, and so on.
Secondly, we develop our communication skills by participating in Matsuri.
I swim at the gym once a week but output of energy are smaller than input
And what is worse, my office is located next to Mac!
It's a book of adventures, magic and suspense.
Hello! Today I got a package from Japan.
This ratio is grown by simplifying the curriculum.
I can't improve my English enough!
I love to watch a movie and I study English from them.
I could say that it is not a good way to study English. I consider that it is difficult to learn English because I can't focus on learning English. It's easy to focus on/ think about the actor or actress.
I believed her at that time.
Japanese summers are very hot.
This is because songs are important theme of this series.
Ichiro Itano, who is a maniacal animator, drew beautiful and acrobatic scenes and made this series famous.
I saw the news that there was a tornado in Gumma prefecture.
The scene was very terrible.
She said she really enjoyed it..
I brought him some cabbage, so he stuck his head out of his stall..
on colorful greeting cards.
I will go to Tokyo on September 12th to go to Tokyo Disneyland with my best friend.
Tomorrow, I will meet my friend in Shinjyuku.
It is the sound of the practice for a traditional festival called DANJIRI somewhere around my neighborhood.
Yesterday, I went to a Japanese-style bar again with my friend who has came back to Japan from the UK.
I know that I must learn English well, because I actually like it actually.
So we held a farewell party in an Okonomiyaki restaurant yesterday.
(Okonomiyaki is one of the famous foods of Japan.)
This morning I watched a news program on TV.
In the program it was said that Rakuten, which is Japanese online shopping company, will change its official language from Japanese to English.
Japanese market is gradually shrinking because of recession.
I'm looking forward to seeing Part2.
She is the most famous Romanian in Japan.
She is so famous in Japan.
I asked him, ``who is the most famous Japanese in England?``
She was the wife of John Lennon, who was a Beatles member.
She is famous in Japan, too.
The English man told me another famous Japanese is Honda, a football player.
because his country had been dominated, his english skill is very good.
he is so fluent in korean as well as english and his mother language.
I had wanted to have Tom yam cun (It is spicy and sour soup, and the ingredients are shrimp, coconut, and so on)
Tomorrow is April and the entrance ceremony of my school!!!
So it is an artificial city defended by magic.
I still worry about my English skills.
I visited my mother and gave her carnations in advance.
I've been learning only words, grammar and reading and haven't really expressed anything in English when I learned English for the first time in my life.
I couldn't speak English well but we spent an enjoyable time chatting.
The most important thing to remember is that I didn't spent the time being with my family, although I'm am only daughter.
Last Saturday, a very very big disaster occured in Tohoku county, Japan.
While watching TV, I was so sad, and I thought, ``What should I do for the people of Tohoku,`` but I had no ideas for a couple of days.
Then we conquered the barrier, everything had a basic concept, everyone helped each other and worked harder to do whatever we should do, to be whatever we should be.
Christmas market and Skating
I went to the Chrismas market and skated.
Eventually, I went to the station, met themwent to the Christmas market and skated.
Ienjoyed it a little.
Because she is afraid of going to dental Clinic.
I woke up early in the morning.
I got injections and took medicine () but this cold seems to stay
Some people might imagine that those kind of things should be done by people who have time and enough money to help people suffering from disease or poverty.
Sometimes, I haven't certain ideas to write on Lang-8.
thank you for reading and (for) helping!
I studied pronunciation with my teacher on the computer this morning.
But today I enjoyed it because I did the homework.
It's extremely hard and the teacher is an old man so he can't talk properly.
It makes everybody bored and sleepy....
People think cows are gentle,
I wanted to write a letter.
Because I'm not good at writing.
I like to traveling especially to foreign countries.
We have a big problem now.
I went to a local ramen shop called ``Yaozen`` today.
I am writing while eating a grape now.
On the other hand, he always looks older than he actually is. He looks like a thirty or forty-year-old.
Ashley Tisdale
I bought: lemon water, honey of rosemary made in Spain, rosemary, blueberry, cocoa without sugar and milk, and graham bread.
Tokyo is very safty, (?) very comfortable.
I want my own homepage but it is hard for me to create one so I'm looking for some website which can create a homepage easily but I can't find a good one.
to express a lot of relations and suggestions; ``Expressing It in Your Own Words; the EIYOU activity
It is paraphrased and has more meaning.
There are many methods of transportationin Japan.
MY MAJOR
My major is acoustic design.
For example, history of western music, musicology, frequency of sound, intensity of sound, linguistics, physiology of hearing, and so on.
Now, I think love and a kind heart and balance of time and money are important.
Writing in English is little bit of a challenge for me.
I have started to study grammar. (Finally)
I was reading the grammar text book and there was a sentence that I couldn't understand well.
I would be so happy if you guys could explain this sentence ``grammatically``!!:p
I think language reflects the thoughts of the people who are using it.
There are many typhoons in Japan around this season.
He is Japanese but also can speak English and Portuguese perfectly and I wondered why, so I asked him.
He said 'I was raised in Japan until my 14 years old and then moved to Portugal due to my parents's work and now I've been living in England for almost 3 years.
I was embarrassed.
I have already made reservations for the hotel, restaurant and show.
However I didn't have enough chances to make new friends.
The shop staff repaired the flat tire in 5 minutes and I paid 1. 000 yen.
It was an unlucky day.
If next semester my grade hasn't changed, I can't achieve my goal and get a scholarship.
In August 2010, I left Japan to go to South Korea to study economics, Korean culture and language.
Sometimes Koreans thought I was kind of weird when my friends and I walked around in the city.
Then he/ she would always gaze at me as if he/ she said to me, ``such a stupid!!`` lol
This is really helpful for foreigners.
He is a very famous person in Japanese history.
He is one of the most important people who have affected Japanese history.
And this is why I could not leave you some comments after I'd read it.
One day I had an appointment with my friend and my friend's friend to watch the movie at the Slam Palagon. This place is really nice and beautiful.
While we waitedfor the movie we ate food. My friend's friend is a thai person like me but when we talk.
so I think I had an experiance withit before so now I smile about it to my self.
It wasn't regularly, though.
Usually it was short and I didn't think too deeply about things. I just wrote down what happened to me that day, things like ``I think I like him,`` or ``my Korean grade is 100!``
I thought so because younger brother is a countable noun.
Teaching Practice
I went to teaching practice at my high school.
The bioHazard series is a favorite of mine.
My kids also enjoy kindergarten.
She dressed up in Japanese traditional clothes and did her hair.
Sometimes dictionaries make me crazy!
Mainly because the dictonaries give me example sentences that are too formal and that nobody uses anymore.
Although there were nuisances, Jack and Rose got through the crisis.
Also this work was made in 1997 in the US.// America spans from Canada to Argentine.
Maybe I will be a tour guide, but I'm not sure. Maybe I will just use it for my own travel because I could get free access to some scenic areas with it.
I have a double major in event and business administration.
I dreamed and struggled for many days and nights.
There are 10 days until my university entrance exam.
A friend's natural behavior
These children are often spoilt, not in terms of love but their behavour...
It's kind of a pity that we are losing a friend here.
Hello everyone.
I don't know much English or cultures of other countries yet.
One of my American friends invited me to play sand volleyball today.
Therefore, you can play sand volleyball while drinking alcohol or eating something.
Because, I thought that today is Thursday.
A good way to learning another language is.......
They recommended a good way for me to learn English,
These days I feel I am losing my English skill.
After hearing that she had died of (or from) a disease, he attended her funeral with his wife and realized that she'd never married
The story is that a long long time ago, an old Japanese man went to a mountain, and then he found a baby girl inside some bamboo.
We ordered fried noodle and fried pork and vegetables.
'I have to remind myself that some birds aren't meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright. And when they fly away, the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up does rejoice.' I enjoy it when I read it.
These fruit are very sweet and tasty.
I hope so:) To improve my English, I'll keep on writing a new entry from now on.
Please cheer me up:)
Cross Fire is a game produced by the Tencent internet company.
so my hostmother got the message instead.
my work schedule was changed by my boss.
I decorated the living room with flowers, streamers and balloons.
I cooked a special lunch for them yesterday. It was soup, tuna-salad, and the main dish was rolled cabbage.
This season in Japan, the spring cabbage crop was large.
We had to sing many old songs there, but it was a fun and nice experience for me.
So we write only Japanese sentences although we study English.
My taste in raising pets is very common.
There are many international students at my university.
Meanwhile, Two ladies of an IT trainning institution, which announced it cooperated with IBM, stopped me.
Summer vacation will end in this month.
I was lazy this summer about studying English.
From today, I'll begin to study English for TOIEC!
But we have always lived in different countries and had time together for less 10 days every year.
After he got a new job, I felt that his personality was different from what he used to be five years ago.
When my friend committed suicide in our accommodation and I needed his help, he expressed his anger to me.
But he talked with me for about 10 min, when he waited for a dish in a restaurant or only in his spare time.
His house maid said his mother ``did not wish him to get married``, because she needed his salary for his whole family.
When I was in his room for our all-too-brief time together, I was disappointed with his behaviors; watching TV, checking his phone, not talking.
I wanted to spend my time with my BF and have dinner together.
particularly, after his anger hurt me very much.
I had a BF, but I could not talk with him, call him, or share any ideas. Nor did I have opportunities to go out often, and of course his anger issue.
Is not easy to control myself and relax.
Recently,
My colleague gave us it because he bought a new TV.
I thank him for his kindness.
So far I have already made a lot of mistakes that anyone might have done before.
In my case, I will make a lot of mistakes even though I have already known its a mistake.
cpu: pentium celeron
The PC will arrive next Thursday.
I'm looking forward to receive it!!
Btw, I am very tired now, after celebrating your birthday and going shopping.
Yesterday I didn't go to school and I stayed home because I felt pain in my nose.
Address or Mail Address.
He is very famous all over the world.
The story is a little difficult, but it has many beautiful scenes!!
So, today I fell asleep in school:) (sorry, I don `t know how to say that I` m asleep and not sleeping...
I `m so happy, because I have always wanted to read this book in its original language!:)
Now my clock says 20: 17 p. m., and I should do my homework, go to the bathroom and then go to bed, but I often have a insomnia, because I `m an`` owl ``in my biorhythm, and wake up early-so hard for me:)
What's more, I have been desperate to go there since I was a child.
writing an essay is hard for me...
I was disappointed with myself.
I belong to an astronomy club.
I ate Chinese vegetables.
Chinese vegetables grow in the land and water.
The flower of vegetables is a white colour and in the middle of the flower it is a violet.
I know if you eat more Chinese vegetables they can help improve your vision.
First off, I will buy an English text book, because I want to speak fluent English.
It is my fault that I can't speak English very well.
Watashi ha kireisa wo kanjiru koto wa arimasen. (kireisa or utsukushisa)
I dream of----
I am curious is it popular in other countries..
My teacher told me not to fear using incorrect English, but I absolutely don't want to make mistakes like this!
I study Programming, Machine Learning and Image Processing.
We have eight-day holiday, but I do not know what to do.
I went to a japanese food store and I eat sushi and it was good but I cant have to much of if but over all it was good and the gohan was awsome to but I wish they had onigiri do anyone knows how to make one cuz iv been dieing for one of thoses forever.
That was limited to the entertainment sector, but it presented the Korean way of thinking.
So many people said, ``That Yankee go home`` and ``He is a betrayer.``
They then questioned why he should quit the team and leave Korea, just because of the foolish complaints from his young and troubled days.
Koreans hate themselves but couldn't forgive someone who hated their country in the past.
However, this situation symbolized the distorted affection and shallow nature called 'Naebi-geonsung', boil fast and get cold fast as well.
I was so confused and disappointed at my country not as a fan of his, but as a member of Korean society.
This could be the case of understanding for all the immigrants around the world, who were raised in their countries without any knowledge or understanding of their roots and motherland culture.
Here's some support messages from all over the world.....
o yeaah,, now, I'm a 2nd semester undergraduate in a university in Indonesia.
I am Hungry.
Even though I'm not a guitarist, I hope the company recovers well and will be making magnificent instruments from now on.
So I can only use simple greetings, likes ``Bonsoir!``, ``Au revoir!``.
First, I will introduce myself.
But the whole day has passed and everything is in vain.
I prefer low sugar over high sugar and I prefer fruit cakes over vesitable cakes.
To take the machine from our laboratory to their truck which has a crane was very difficult.
It made me a little weary today, because I keep on thinking about the dream up to now.
Yesterday, I went to see one of my classmates from college, and we had lunch together and also we had a nice talk.
Every day I want to learn something new, and I also want to make my day become more meaningful, however when I get to the office, another thought came to my mind, that is how to spend this day, is there anybody that will make fun of me today?
I feel sad about my job.
Because my heart is afraid to be broken again and again.
In the past, I was not a person like this, I have a lot friends who are always with me, but now I stay in Shanghai all by myself.
Give me of your news regularly and also as news of your mom, your dad, and your brothers and sisters.
We are happy to be able to write you regularly, we love you very much.
First off, my friends didn't want to watch it but I recommended it to them because this movie is made by disney.
I don't know if it's because I haven't been following the instructions as well as I should have.
I got back to my home form part-time job at around 7 in the morning, and fell asleep till 3 p. m.
The Japanese authors I like is Murakami Haruki, Banana Yoshimoto, Higashino Keigo and so on.
I like watching a sports game, especially when the local baseball team which I supports plays.
I always write incorrect prepositions.
So I decided that I need to practice prepositions!
I wrote the last message at the end of the page.
I went to a job searching seminar.
Today's seminar is held by a consulting company.
The seminar was helpful because I was able to talk with some of the staff members.
I bought two books written by the president of that company and read them at MacDonald.
I taught my students by solo performance.
because it leaked.
I am renting a house now so I called the owner.
I can wash my fase comfortably because it's new!
I think that I will start Lang-8 again, in order to learn English.
I think I should study English harder.
I want to go to many places
The mother sometimes treats her children like her possessions.
I still have a meeting for this subject tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to having a good time.
On Wednesday, the first day of spring vacation, I went volleyball playing and watched a free movie with the people in my lab.
This book is for English learners and mentions Lang-8!
Maybe she got influenza.
AfterI gave her tamiflu (which is a medicine for influenza) last night, she had been getting better.
I miss my mother very much, especially on these days.
I had an appointment with my boyfriend to play basketball this morning but when I came to his house he was still sleeping n_ n Now it is sunny and hot. We don't want to play at this time but I really want to play. What should I do to stop the sun and heat? I will bring an umbrella with me ^ ^;
In one of my subjects, my product design class, I need to think of 20 ideas and draw them out!
I will do everything, all of my homework, because I want to be a designer.
This is my first diary.
I went to down town Hiroshima and bought webcam at the DeoDeo electronic store.
I was surprised by the price of it.
But it did not happened in my area.
We found out about it through our cellphone TVs (oneseg)
The earthquakes have been continuous.
Gru finally found that he had a right to be happy and find the meaning of family.
finally he found what his life was for.
A seminar I participated and was surprised by yesterday
Yesterday I attended a seminar in Kangnam, Seoul.
I was very impressed and shocked because I have never been to one before.
Most of them wanted to improve their communication skills because they seemed to believe that those skills would help them earn more money.
A announcer led this seminar.
He gave several speakers good tips and immediate feedback.
Give your speech impression, and charge.
We went to the hospital to have a ronsen for my brother's metacarpal.
It is the main qualification in order to study abroad.
I need higher points, however, I don't have it.
Some points I had already known but the others I hadn't known lol This video emphasizes the strange points of Japan.
The first point was ``Character of Japanese``.
This video also referred to Japanese school girls.
Some machines give false eyelashes with the sticker.
Belgium, Austria and Czech Republic!
Please help me. I want to create a miracle!
``Crayon Shin-chan``
Today I went to cramming (cram) school.
Today there was a test at cramming (cram) school.
I love cramming (cram) school.
But, sometimes It's important not to do anything.
I usually talk with friends about studying abroad, and one of my friends told me that the best way to promote friendship with local students is by doing sports with them.
I'm a student at Liao Ning University in Shen Yang, China.
All the activities were great, especially The Hallywood Ride (This is a roller coaster) and Spider-Man The Ride.
Actually I don't go out either.
But the Twilight series is not popular in Japan, because of poor PR I think.
Green tea includes more caffeine than others.
I'm really looking forward to watching it.
Today I went to the Starbucks, which is near my house.
I have been wondering why Japanese Starbucks is expensivethan in the US.
And then I went to the Starbucks.
As a result, Japanese Starbucks is more expensive than American Starbucks.
I am working in a Group Home, where old people who suffer from dementia (deseases) live, and we are taking care of them.
I'm a beginner
My classmates and I did some field research for geology,
good night
It seems like I could be a help, and if it is I want to give stars to people who helped me, but where is the button?
My name is Tomoko.
I got some souvenirs.
I will go to (an) ``all night Karaoke`` with my friends.
I just want to improve my English.
russian vs japanese)))))
why that people who are learning or try to learn russian are also learning japanese....
and do u think that learning Russian is more difficult than learning English or...
japanese??)))))
What is your ``position`` in the family-first born, middle child?
she is maybe/ about 76 years old.
Are friends more important than family?
Till then/ up until that time I never could understand why people doze off in class.
Yes, when I was in high school, me and my friend participated in a competition, I really practiced hard but I couldn't/ didn't win the prize.
but my friend won one hundred thousand won.
It's a secret but in my major class, a professor who teaches ``study of food material`` is the most boring teacher.
But I can't do that in such weather...
I got my first friend yesterday.
So I tried to give them corrections twice.
It took 1 hour to give 1 correction.
So I made a mistake while making the correction.
It basically focuses on international business and global governance studies with full-English lessons.
Please teach me when I should use it.
It makes me crazy.
I can't believe any information from the government.
Basically, I use a package tour when I take a trip somewhere, whether a foreign country or a domestic place, because it's inexpensive.
I'm not good at English listening comprehension because most English speakers use high frequency band (?).
Sorry it is just my complaints, recently I have a lot of stress from my situation.
My cheeky English tutor always corrects my sentences. He puts his corrections next to them.
I told him that he should use block form when he corrects my sentences.
She said I can't go because of math test tomorrow.
I said it's ok, take your time fast.
Anyway I look forward to seeing my all friends tonight.
We've got to say that the appropriate styles and colors are a critical factor as well.
Although people do sometimes behave differently when they wear different clothes, I do not believe that clothes can essentially make people different.
Therefore, japanese have to learn much from them.
I went to school to try a lesson.
Tomorrow is Friday.
There is Chinese official approve this month.
They prefer to live in a dormitory because they know that in dormitories they will: have more fun with colleagues, meet new people, have new experiences, and face new challenges.
Those students say that living in a dormitory allows one meet new people, and have more fun as one can stay up with the new colleagues playing music or games without caring about little siblings or sleeping parents.
In addition, living in a dormitory forces the student to have new experiances in life, and face a lot of different situations in which s/ he has to deal with them without help from parents.
Moreover, one student said when one lives in a place far from his parents, old friends, family relations, and neighbourhood, s/ he begins to face new challenges.
when we arrived at Nikko station, we went to the hotel reception.
We never can find hotels easily--then we went back to 1 station ^ ^ We found a hotel ^ ^ u know Nikko takes 3 hour and half to Tokyo..
A lot of foreigners? come here ^ ^
I think that I'll study until 10: 00 p. m. in my office.
I study English every day.
Because I want to be able to speak and understand English.
So I study hard!
This museum, which is constructed underground, is designed by Tadao Ando.
Well, I can say that some subjects are getting better except Geography unfortunately.
I attend English courses with great pleasure.
In my opinion, it is very important, especially nowadays.
I have always been very sensitive to this and other situations which hugely disappoint me.
I believe that my English is getting better day by day.
B: Right now I am going to vacuum the house!
Although, my grandma and grandpa are already dead, so actually, the people who are living in my grandpa's house are my uncle and his family.
I love grandpa's home!
I like J-pop, J-rock and Japan drama, so I learned Japanese quickly& easily.
I understand there is a big controversy about hunting whales and Japan is criticized on this matter, but fighting a whale with a small weapon is certainly an adventure.
Because Tohoku area most catastrophic damage from the quake and the tsunami and crippled nuclear power plant on March 11.
Try eating the food from Tohoku!
Meanwhile, we know some people are anxious of Japanese food.
Kyushu Trip
I had a get-together with RVT yesterday.
Anyway, I drank so much yesterday although I can't drink too much.
I watch ``Friends`` DVDs every night.
``At first, I didn't believe it because I thought it was a joke, and I lacked of confidence when I was a senior student.
I talked on Skype with my tutor.
I worked Today.
Can I talk about weather?
I was sunny day.
An ipod can put music in your pocket, so you can take music to wherever you want to go.
She came to Japan and appeared on TV
I listen to her song ``you belong with me``.
We want to guide English speaking foreigners around Nikko with a volunteer because we would like to study English so that we can talk with them.
SEO is the abbreviation of Search Engine Optimization.
In summary, one site up to the nearest top on the Search Engine.
Thank you for reading my diary today.
He taught us how to choose our own life and be responsible for it.
Time goes by so fast.
Finally, I'm about to there.
I am easily addicted (absorbed by) by any kind of work.
In many high schools in Japan, grammar teaching is emphasized very much.
But after I entered a university, I realized that I can't speak English as well as I want to.
Please fix my writing, grammar and spelling. I want to make foreign friends.
Yesterday, Mie participated in first-aid training for the Red Cross.
Many small restaurants were open and we introduced our lab work.
I went to the area where I can drink free Sake (Japanese alcohol).
It's been a while since I drank alcohol.
I don't think I am so weak at drinking alcohol, but my face gets flushed after just one glass of beer.
Sake is about 15% alcohol.
Of course my face got so red...
Most of the people at the festival were not drinking during daytime, and I felt a little embarrassed.
According to animal experiments, if it is eaten, it causes kidney calculi and can eventually cause carcinoma.
Usually, we don't buy ``regular toys`` such as rangers figures or items of a certain ranger, which cost around 5000 yen, because we know he'll get tired of playing with them sooner or later.
Three straight days off
On Saturday, I will change the layout of my room.
I have no confidence in my English skills;
I want to enjoy English, not only for learning the language,
On 11th Mar, we had the terrible earthquake.
My house and office are in eastern Japan, but it's not close to the sea, so we didn't have any Tsunami impact.
I will miss those beautiful colors of Tanzania.
I'm from Hyogokenn, and often went to Osaka.
Nothing happened, no trouble is brewing...
well, this is my first entry and I hope you'll enjoy it (or at least correct its mistakes)
Next year I'd like to continue practicing my English and to take an english international exam, like toefl or first certificate.
I'm looking for a new career. I think I'm keen on economics, but at the moment I can't picture my self working at any job.
I'd like to travel abroad and in my country in the future. Argentina is beautiful and I recommend you to come, but first I must get a part time job.
Coul you tell me what kind of job is the best to start working on, considering that I will study and practice sports at the same time?
I disagree it, because I think people will not be motivation for their working.
I was an assistant there.
My dream is to be a scientist on metal of atomic energy.
I want to work with foreigners, so I want to go overseas soon.
That will make me evenmore stressed.
In our lives, about 100 years, we have to choose only one person with whom to have sex but sometimes people try to choose two people at the same time.
First, a couple gets divorced after 10 years of marriage.
I'm trying to write a journal about an article from a magazine for English learners, but I don't have enough time to post it.
TOEIC Test... TOMORROW!!!
TOEIC test is coming tomorrow.
I will get a perfect score on it tomorrow and it will be my last time to take it!!
I can enjoy dating her at the amusement park, concert hall, and movie theatre/ theater etc.
Hi =) I'm 15 years old, I'm studying at school.
Its situated near the Caucasus mountains, in a beautiful green valley.
Welcome to our hospitable land of enchantment:)
I like dancing and photoshopping.
People want a reason to decide, when they choose one product among lot of other products.
``Do u think u could go a little`` slower ``.
in that sentence, why can't I use ``more slowly`` instead of ``slower``?
When I was young, I lived in a small ge village.
So, I couldn't watch movies in a theater until I was 16 years old.
I've just registered for lang-8.
I am a Japanese native speaker.
I haven't decided when I will take my summer vacation, but I'm thinking of going on a trip to Taiwan.
Today I'm a bit depressed, because in recent days I have sent lots of E-mails to lots of design companyies in the hope that during the upcoming summer vacation there will be a internship position for me.
But I haven't received any satisfactory replys so far.
What I am worrying about is that if I can't find an internship position this summer in Shanghai, then I have to go back home and stay there the entire vacation.
After I had done tracery I took pictures of it.
Hakubutsukan wa totemo sutekidatta desu;D
I had to put all my heart into reading, so that I could know what my friends said in their softblog.
``Tomorrow is another day``
Hello everybody!
I think it's a very good idea (I'm talking about the community), and of course, any help you can need if you are learning spanish, you can ask me.
Business (on Sundays) is banned by the law.
It's one of the biggest culture-shocks for me.
I was so surprised that kind kind people on this site Lang-8 corrected my English immediately after I wrote down my first entry.
She is a very positive person and she is always on my side.
There you can find a range of meanings for the word that you want to learn. Also, there are many samples of sentences which can help you to understand in which situations it would be better to use that word.
After that, I'm going to study English in ECC school.
First time!!!
We are enjoying it and understand ``Japanese love festival!``
maybe I won't be engaged in the design industry in the future.
I was only for a short time in the city to buy vegetables and chocolate;) I need chocolate to reduce stress;) And now it's time to go to bed.
You cook garlic and oil on the stove in a pan, then put the chili paste in it.
It was pretty spicy, so you need rice and cabbage.
I often go to the restaurant because the prices are reasonable and the food is delicious.
I like hamberger or any American food, but I sometimes feel like eating Asian food so I often go to the restaurant and the Korean Restaurant near the University I am going to.
The event was cancelled halfway..
Equally, I wanna cherish Japanese tradition.
But there are traditions which have to be changed.
My favorite movie is ``step brother`` with him in it.
This story is that Will Ferrell acted as childish and he still doesn't get a job even though he's about 40 years old.
I'm looking forward to this movie DVD on sale.
And I want to make many foreign friends.
The holidays is called Golden Week in Japan.
I started my serious English learning, so I search for a method to the best& quick type of learning English...
My tongue still hurts.....
Also I wish to improve my English, especially in reading literature, because this is hard for me.
All the scenes have meanings.
Since a boy transfered to our class, my friends 'things are stolen.
But, how can I accept what he does?
I want everyone to check my grammar:D
And I look forward to drinking with the teachers because I promised them to drink with them someday.
By the way, not with the children, definitely!
Hello!
I'm a coffee shop waiter.
so I just smile smile smile... (haha)
Now, my favourite things are cups of coffee and coloured markers.
They are also asking citizens and enterprises to save electricity.
Recently, I run every morning.
I returned to Japan this morning.
However, I want to write daily on lang-8 as much as I can!
At first I got very nervous about driving a car, but after practicing and practicing, I felt that driving is not as difficult as I thought, and I get more confident that I will pass the exam.
Recently, I haven't been able to get up on time.
Following the situation, there was also a lot of garbage.
I will absolutely suceed in my life...
Because vegetables are cheaper there than at the supermarket.
I can connect to Lang-8 easier now, than this morning.
But/ However, they had a lot of motivation to learn about foreign countries even though they couldn't speak English.
But this is good that I was able to run after a source of Query slowly and carefully.
Days of the week: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
they label the phonetic symbols beside the chinese characters.
all chinese students, once they start school, begin to learn pinyin first for 3 months or even more
Maybe, the advertising company aims to change telecommunication from docomo and au to SoftBank.
In Japan, many family use same telecommunication company in order to reduce the cost.
Excuse my long absence! =) I didn't plan be offline for so long.
However, all my problems are solved and now I `have another little problem-I can` t imagine what to tell you...
Every day passes as usual and there is no special events that I can write to you about.
Unimaginable! However, in 30 minutes, I must go to class.
The most interesting thing about this course is my teacher always presents something about foreign countries like America, France.. etc
Sometimes, a person's feelings may be influenced by the weather.
So I tell myself to keep this mentality to confront everything, whatever success or failure, I will gain more in the end.
I realize that I would cherish those who are optimistic and confident, and who enjoy doing something new, worry less about failure. They see in every activity the process of self-discovery and self-fulfillment that cannot be measured by an exam. Lovely sentences.
Today's topic is about my son.
My only concern is that his parents won't allow us to get married.
If there are any mistakes or suggestions, please let me know.
Actually, it's okay if nobody helps me!!
I'm still studying English, and I'd like to improve my knowledge with some techniques or activities, that's why I would like if some of you could share with me any experiences that have helped to improve your English.
If there were only one language in the world, its culture, which includes people's thinking habits, customs, and religion, would become more and more homogeneous.
I tried to write about SUMMER SONIC the other day, but I deleted it.
I will try to write that again soon, so please wait.
Well, the project can fit into the category of Design Improvement; the main point of the project is to invent something new or improve something that already exists.
I'm studying English in Korea.
By the way, recently I have been very busy; I have a lot of assignments and I've been studying for tests at university.
I started to feel depressed and annoyed about my studies.
It was very much exciting to interact with people from other countries.
I should have been much more modest...
I wondered how she's thinking now in the current status.
First, I missed my bus because I slept in.
This was an unforgettable wonderful journey.
This morning is the most chilly when I came here!
I was surprised because I had always thought that the seasons here are warm.
because they have a lot of assignments and have to review many study materials.
Are you influenced by economic crisis? And what influence has been brought to your country?
Yesterday, there were such big hurricanes in Japan, and a lot of poor public transportation services such as the trains and buses.
because I `m very interested in foreign countries..
and I want to make friends..
and I want to talk to new friends..
I want to speak freely to new friends..
taekwondo is my favorite sport..
(I have a sa dan license in/ for taekwondo)
I have to memorize my line because there will be a play on October 24th, at my school.
Anyway, it's about time (for me) to go to bed..
It doesn't make any sense...:(
Even if it is a small thing, I think a positive mind is important.
And My strong point is Kindness.
So I always think about how I can be active.
Please fix my writing.
It's no exaggeration to say that Japanese English learners have studied English for many years to obtain high marks on this test.
Even if we study English hard for two hours almost everyday, it will take us more than 1000 days.
But after a few days, I made some English speaking friends whose Chinese was quite good. (was is right)
They always write some sentences with complicated logic.
I need some inspiration when the sentences or words deserve a better translation.
I was afraid that the author would be confused when there were so many editions, too.
We had to guess what the author meant and then made them into a sentence.
With the scar, I made less and less corrections.
I found that I have forgotten many beautiful words after studying in a university because we can't use them in a science article.
but what the hell is wrong with me?
I hope it will work for me!
When I was chatting with my American friend, I only said ``I see`` and my friend said that it was a ``conversation killer!.``
How ridiculous, I can't believe it!
So, it is difficult for me to use English.
I've been in L.
so I could understand what he said.
I couldn't respond to his question!
My job is to treat guests by showing courteous service and make them pleasant and happy.
From now on, I have to prepare myself for the upcoming examinations.
How I wish that someone could replace me.
During the winter, I had a good appetite and I ate delicious foods.
I will be glad to make friends here. Please help me with my English writing.
Cybercrime is a crime which involves stealing intellectual property from a computer in a work space.
Raining on Sunday
The weather is so changeable here...
But I did it because I believed him.
I need to inform everybody that I'm all right.
Although we just said and done something stupid, I still really enjoyed it.
I am preparing for the English songs competition and the following is what I wrote for the contest.
Welcome to the English songs competition held by Shaking English and supported
Last but not least, boys and girls, I think you deserve a big round of applause as well, for being such a good audience. Thank you very much!
I have been having it since I was 20 year-old.
The youth don't understand how important to choose a job in a careful way!!
I talked about a Manga Cafe yesterday, I'll continue to write about it.
I got married fourteen years ago, but I don't live wirth my family.
It's about 60 miles from Fukuoka City to my workplace, so I can't commute from my condominium.
I come back to my condominium from my workplace only once a month.
However, giving your children a good education is important too.
I ate many vegetables.
I bought many vegetables at a 30% discount at a nearby supermarket.
At first they sent me a package which included one guide book for the course, two technique books for paintings, one sketchbook and five envelopes.
Until now, I have drawn a sweet potato, a green pepper, a carrot, a tomato, an egg plant, a mushroom and a lemon.
My favorite hobbies are shopping and reading books.
However, I have a problem.
Besides, think more before what I `ve done,
It was really a wonderful soccer game which could represent the top-level in Asia.
Through this game, I thought that Asia's soccer had made big progress in the last five years.
What a pity that Chinese soccer couldn't develop as much as Korea and Japan.
It was really a wonderful game however the refree's calls were doubtful.
The volunteer work is basically something like this: When tourists ask how to get to their destinations, we show them how.
And the girl (or woman, more accurately), who is much younger than me, was very cute and nice, and we talked about a lot of things, such as work, marriage, siblings, friends, etc.
It takes about 5 minutes by train from my station.
I want to write something about foreign country's festivals this week, but I don't know much about them.
For example getting lost, not having strict manners in trains, missing an associate and communicating with the Japanese.
But contrary to what this video shows/ says/ implies, in most public spaces in Japan, such as stations, you can get information in English.
I am looking forward to meeting them.
I went to yoyogi park for Hanami last saturday.
At first, I doubted that she had a dislocation of the hip but as I continued checking her, I started to think that her hip joint was OK and I started to treat her.
Under normal circumstances it's me who should be putting some pocket money here but unfortunately I have no money at all at the moment.
If hard disk is encrypted, it will be dificult to salvage your data from the hard
Northeastern Asia consists of China, Japan, and Korea (including North Korea and South Korea).
I think the four countries should work together and make a good relationship with each other, remove prejudice and misunderstanding.
Thanks Door for ur (your) recommendation.
I am studying commerce in Melb.
Although I have some friends who have been there for 7-8 years from their high school and who knows a lot about the city.
On my vacation, I plan to spend my vacation in LA.
The next day, I went to Universal Studios, which is in the Hollywood area.
The day after, I went to Vince Beach, which is on the west coast of LA.
I had an enjoyable time in LA.
Some of them who haven't gotten serious damage this time say that the buildings are paid for by national taxes which all the citizens paid, so the authorities don't need to build (the) accommodations if [6] the refugees don't want to live there (anyway).
Questions in my workbook
Doubting/ Questioning myself..
I hope to find a perfect one.
Deserts cover most of the Arabic lands, so the animals in it are very special.
Camels are very expensive.
I remember when I saw a black camel. Its value was 15 million Saudi Riyal (1 dollar equal 3. 75 riyal).
Camel riding is a very enjoyable adventure!!
Allah taught about Camels in the Qura 'an:
To read more about Arabian Camels:
I slept with the electric fan turned on and yesterday the weather was bad so I shouldn't have turned the electric fan on, but I took hot bath and I was hot.
In Taiwan, most parents want their children to attend high school.
Many bosses think that a bachelor's degree is not important, they look at character, professional skills, the ability to handle stress, teamwork, etc.
In addition, why should these students follow their parents 'orders?
I wish all students could do what we want and be successful.
I am a sailor, and I had to go on a trip today.
I drove the ship out to sea.
now I'm practicing road rules...
Maybe a lot of people will be lacking sleep tomorrow.
Of course, I never donate blood.
:) Because I'll have to take an exam, but I don't know when (,) yet.
These American novels remind me that people must always keep clear mind and be kind.
All the professors have gone to a conference so I have a break.
So, I visited two travel agencies.
at a bus stop I got off to transfer in minus 20 degrees.
I'll never forget the experience.
Actually this is my second winter in Canada.
I want to listen my favorite music all day and do anything I want, not just sit in an office like a doll.
The grass will cover my sweet soil.
3, How do you like me? How do you like him?
A sharp decrease in the number of children and the aging population as a result of longer life expectancy in recent years have created many problems.
I rode with it and started to peddle....
Nowadays, I also have to do it in my college with my friends.
So now I am going to show you. Hehe, I had so much fun.
We talked about a lot of things but I couldn't catch what my friends were saying sometimes because I didn't understand, so I just smiled and laughed at myself.
After that she went to do yoga while I went home still very full.
Although you would want to meet your family, anybody won't tolerate your action, because your office is always on alabor shortage to reduce personnel expenses.
. All the people there are foreigners.
Because I can catch my teacher's pronunciation.
On the other hand, when we take a indirect lighting, we can feel relax and become more creative.
Thank you for reading my diary.
It is really difficult for us!!: <We talked about each other's pronunciation.
It is impossible to select music, so it is not useful to study English.
This is just subconscious, but it is working all the time in my life.
6pm to 0am, I am working for Okonomiyaki restaurant then....
To study English effectively, we have to find a partner who knows the language we are learning and our native language.
I have no time to sleep, but summer vacation is coming soon:)
Through my kitchen window I can see two big feet hung from the balcony above. My upstairs neighbour hangs Father Christmas from her balcony each year, and the feet cut off the view from my kitchen.
I can wear a T-shirt and half pants.
After that, we went to the Brooklyn bridge and crossed it.
The most famous ones are Suzu-mushi, or bell-ring insect, Koorogi, or cricket, and Kantan, or white cricket.
I ate very clean, I cut out all white carbohydrates, soda, sugar, and fat from my diet.
Not only for myself, but also for my mother. (because she have brought me up until now)
One was a friend (of mine) when I was a university student, and the other was the agent of my life insurance.
After seeing the Buddha and deer, we went to take a Purikura.
Last year, I was a call agent on telephone line and sometimes I had to talk in English.
This morning, I read an article in the news regarding marriage; it said that women in Japan want to marry men who receive at least three-million yen a year.
I heard a story from my client about international marriage.
Though I think it's culture, I would like to know more practical details.
I think they just barely can read, write, speak and listen to English.
I hope that many students in Japan are interested in English and master English as soon as possible.
For that reason (will), I study English hard now.
But, I'm not going to go because the ceremony is only for family members.
I like simple physical works.
I want to be a television journalist.
I think ``correspondent`` sounds more professional than a ``reporter``.
Most people have attacked head coach Okada on the internet before, and the media doesn't usually release complimentary news articles about him.
I understand when people speak it, but I sometimes have some difficulty with speaking.
I'm a university student, and I major in Chinese Literature,
It's not just true for Japanese, but for any other languages.
In (the) winter season, I often want to eat hot soup with chicken and lots of vegetable.
I like winter sports, especially snowboarding.
I chose the Erasmushogeschool Brussels in Belgium because the Translation and Interpreting programme offered at that university coincided with one I am studying at the Baltic International Academy.
One semester of studies in Brussels left me with unforgettable memories and valuable experiences.
The tenants were students from European countries like Greece, the Czech Republic, Turkey, Lithuania, Estonia, Germany, etc.
Secondly, the courses I chose to do at the Erasmushogeschool were useful, as I was taught the history of Great Britain and the USA, English for Academic purposes, English for Cultural awareness, English grammar and lexis and German language.
Finally, Brussels is a beautiful, picturesque city to visit with numerous parks and museums.
Maybe now is not a very good time for relaxing but I have decided to take it.
The instability of the state of atmosphere shows with the changing the season, I guess.
However, as for me, I've abstained from a booze-like matter for more than five years, after I decided there's more to life than just drinking and getting temporary hapiness.
Because I like tea and coffee, which cause stains, it may cause my teeth get a little discolored.
Please teach me about English grammar.
What is the difference between these two sentences?
Obviously, we missed each other very much.
But what was saddening was one of my friends was not with us as he was in National Service.
I got to know that the earth is spinning a bit slower this year, so we counted from 11109, 8............. until the firecrackers came into sight. (until, till)
she may be joking.
I get so much pressure from the environment hat I have stomachaches every day.
Today, I had my first classes at Osaka university.
In high school, one class lasted 55 minutes, but in university, a class lasts 90 minutes.
I have to get up early in the morning tomorrow to not be late for my first class.
I practiced boxing with my friend
My friend is trying to become a boxer.
My most favorite (or favourite) song is ``Lovers Again``.
I was sleepy during my afternoon class.
I think making relationships and making new friends and chasing your dream is the most important things in my life.
It's been long time since I wrote my last diary.
I think (or hope) that some people also know about the problems caused by American soldiers (or their families) and the pain they inflict on the Okinawan people.
An Okinawan guy, who was on the way to a Coming of Age Ceremony.
The first picture above is my family's dolls.
There are five dolls and two steps.
I'm going to train tonight.
the first note
By the way, I finished reading ``HARRY POTTER and the Chamber of Secrets,`` a few days ago, which was very enjoyable, and now I'm reading ``HARRY POTTER and the Prisoner of Azkaban.``
A guy named Sirius Black is after Harry.
I hope that I will make many good friends, and I also hope that there will be a lot of friends from all over the world who will help me improve my English.
Thank you!
It's very simple but a very excting game!
Today I cleared a new song.
This song is one of the most difficult song in the game.
I'm very glad to have cleared it and I love ``Evans``! very cool song!
I usually eat lunch in the office but today I went out to a restaurant with with my female colleagues.
The spagetti was good too, but the portions were so big that we couldn't eat it all.
So, we ended up leaving a little food behind.
Especially vocabulary.
It's a very small house, just two room inside, 5 families there but many korean students live like me.
It's 2 years since I have been separated from par, mam and my brother.
Friends and cats have solaced me and that is better then living alone.
Someday I want to live in a city like Samchengdong, I have just been there once, but it was really cool and fantastic!
I have never been in a korean city like there.
It's the very fusion of traditional and modern and truly colourful.
Frankly speaking, I am the kind of guy who gets tired of anything really quickly. Also, I find writing in English very complicated.
It seems like such a long way to go but each of us is struggling.
Every day, my parents feed chickens, ducks, pigs and fish.
Go somewhere I have never seen.
Today, we studied the culture of America in class. At the beginning of the class, we learned about early American history. The first stage was is the colonial period of time which began 1607.
Because the cinema requires silence.
But why are they becoming popular in foreign countries?
Could you help mechoose the right one to use in a sentence? Is is 'She did not fully appreciate the value of the environment`` or ``she did not enough appresicate the value of the environment:?
I'm like a professional player.
What's your all time favourite sport?
If they really understand the meaning of 'eating meat',
Beautiful world, now I am exhausted but....
I feel really sorry for my friends that are waitnig for my pictures.
Especially listening!!!!
The purpose is to tell the parents about their student's school life, and to know about their student's home life.
We noticed that the weather was getting better as we were leaving the store.
Article 128.-The Inter-Secretarial Commission will promote a program for the formation of mutual organizations and insurance funds with self-insurance functions under the relevant laws, in order to facilitate the access of producers to the insurance service and to generalize their coverage.
Osaka university's professor Ishiguro invented an advanced humanoid robot.
It is like skype, but a humanoid robot.
It's the purpose of this humanoid robot.
I ordered a digital camera last week.
I look forward to taking pictures of many beautiful scenes.
Good owner, good co-workers and good environment where I can practice to speak English.
I drank 2 cups of coffee and ate 3 pieces of chocolate.
What happened last Friday
We were looking forward to seeing her since 3 weeks ago.
It turned out that she had changed her hairstyle and her teacher put heavy makeup on her.
But some children were clamming up or crying.
It appeared that they (the children) were unsightly.
I also met my parents and relatives.
I like to eat umeboshi, mozuku (like seaweed), and fried chicken!
because I don't know!
It takes at least 15 minutes to get there.
Which are reading, writing, and listening.
Yesterday, I caught a cold.
I'd like to contribute to treatments of diseases through my work on neurophysiology some day.
The original version of this song has been recorded by the American rock band Journey, written by Steve Perry a member of this band.
However, when my leg first stepped out of my room on the way to complain about this to the hostel office, my cool mature roommate stopped me.
``The ture man will never be afraid of the little insect.`` said he with a calm voice, ``I used to be bitten by the insect too, but now they cannot harm me any more, coz I have already grown a layer of iron skin``
hobby: driving, nico nico douga (premium member), and so on...
Because, I finished English school this Friday.
Please help me!!
Does the H1N1 flu cause issues in your countries too?
Anyway, I hope everybody on lang-8 can be healthy without getting sick:-)
I was very nervous before that.
He tested my practical knowledge of MS Excel.
I thought: ``I can really work in the real company!
I cooked alot of summer vegetables.
In other words, the meaning is hard for a little child to understand but I have to say the melody was terrific.
Can you help me? If you can help me, the best method is to give me money: $ 200000.
because mistake might...........
They are kind of losers in Japan like me.
I will endure for them, but instead I should find something to be happy for myself.
Although I 've studied English since I was in elementary school,
I really want to be a good English writer.
I will introduce to everyone my favourite Japanese artist.
My friend will already be getting married.
Bless my friend, I hope people who read my diary congratulate him...
Please would you become my friend? ``
It was a plate of salad and spaghetti.
I like that menu, however, I have an allergy to cucumbers and tomatos.
I forgot to tell the chef to avoid that food.
There were no cucumbers and tomatoes.
The chef knew about my allergy.
My son is only four years old, so he is too young to feed the larva well.
Then, about two weeks ago, the larva hatched and become a pair of beetles.
Last week, I suffered from a terrible backache.
As summer is coming, cockroaches appear in kitchen, my room, everywhere.
I've heard that they can survive eating dandruff and dust on the floor.
Although I vacuum the floor out almost everyday, I find one or two every week.
I set them in every room and expect them to sweep all of the cockroaches out.
So today class is starting at 9: 20.
It was quarter to one.
So I hope to find a English native speaker for a language exchange.
For me, it would be an enriching experience and an honor to contribute with my voice to the World Youth Choir, which is a well recognized organization.
Maybe my internar clock has already been welcoming this happy occasion.
After I went home, I continued the study in two's complement and I finally understood it.
Main characters are John and Nelson.
John is trying to kill Nelson in prison for revenge.
He has been put into prison three times by Nelson's father.
But Nelson's father died suddenly, so John changed his target to the son.
John tries to kill Nelson in many ways.
But ironically, Nelson, who was really weak at first, rises up through the traps set by John.
Even Nelson's penpal, who is only about 6 years old, reads aloud a letter from Nelson which includes lots of bad language, in front of his classmates at school.
In such a situation, all of the characters do their best for their own purpose, but really, they're all just funny regardless of whether they accomplish their purpose or not.
That's because I can't imagine living in such a harsh world like the one in the prison in the movie.
They turn their harsh situation into a funny one with their expressions.
I was busy finding a job, traveling, fishing with friends, etc.
Walnuts bread? Bread with walnuts? Bread in walnuts?
It was walnut bread.
As you know well, this is a traditional tactic for us.
She is really an outstanding girl, and because of this your friends would be jealous of her.
But ``or`` shouldn't be at the beginning of the sentence, should it?
I am writing a diary in English because I have a few penpals and I want to improve my English.
Introduction to my hometown.
because there are only a few.
Last night, after the Christmas Party (a little bit early, isn't it?) held by the school, we drove to Jiaushi, Yilan (northern Taiwan) to enjoy the hot spring.
Unfortunately, all the rooms were full.
We had a very brief sightsee in Jaiushi downtown, then went home in tears... (j/ k)
I hadn't exercised since march this year, because I am suffering from acute muscular pain now/ at the moment.
I think it's TERRIBLE!
He didn't call me although I texted him like ``Have a great night Joey``
Oh I made a new Blog account!
And I want to go to a good university! I am studing hard in math, Chinese, English and so on.
I am busy everyday, but I feel very happy, but I think my English is not very good, I want to make a pen-friend!
At the same time, they are producing water pollution and causing desertification.
he is the president of his company.
It was faster than I thought.
But she must be a cute girl who has style.
It's nice to practice writing through the Internet. It's uncommon to do this kind of thing out of school.
I have never continued writing blog or something over half a year.
even though I've only worked in that company for three days, I felt that I was working in hell.
For my better future, the first thing tomorrow is to call my boss, to tell him my decision.
But I have no friends who speaks English natively, so my English is not that good yet X (
In fact, I want to go there with my girlfriend, but I don't have one yet.
I think the Bund is an interesting and beautiful place.
When I was a little girl, my grandpa always said to me, cherish everything you have now, and be a happy person.
Life is like a long journey with many challenges and difficulties, and many times we can't change that fact, but we can change our mind and thoughts, think differently, and not get upset, try your best to face it, solve your problems bravely, and I believe we can see the sunshine after the rain, that we need to cherish everything, only the small things matter, they can change a lot, even our lives.
I thank my parents, they gave me a healthy body, and they support me no matter what difficulties I meet. I thank my friends, when I feel lonely, they always spend time with me, share their joys with me, and make my life more wonderful. I thank nature, it gives me air, sunshine, the blue sky, rainy days, and a great mood everyday. I thank society, it's like a big family, and apply many ways for me to look for (unsure what you mean). I thank strangers, although we don't know each other, when we are in trouble, the hands are always around us, and lastly, I thank myself, I let my family members feel happy, and make my friends have someone to share their tears and joys with....
You have to be responsible for yourself.
I think everyone is faced with a barrier of the language at some point, but it may entail a lot of culture difference as well as those of the grammar or pronunciation.
I will persist in writing in English and in other languages as well.
Races in North America are not good for people in Japan because of the time difference.
I have thought about camping for a long time, but because of my economic problems, I have to put it off.
I went to China town in Yokohama on New years eve and celebrated the new year there.
That's why I decided to write a diary.
in the proess of globalization, the developing countries did not share the achievement of their economic development.
Secondly, economic globalization results in the instability of the economy in the developing countries.
facial expressions of shop assistants, their manner of speech, from overhearing of businessmen talking and the like...
for instance, shop assistants used fixed formal phrases.
This time, I bought many clothes and I already regret having bought some of them, which happens each time I go to the sale.
Especially after I finished my work it tastes wonderful.
I am always drinking Tiger beer when I was living in Singapore.
Anyway, this is so famous in Japan that bananas used to sell out lol If u are interested in this, try it ~ I've never tried it though ~)
This cream puff was handmade by my colleague.
My japanese is so poor but he is patient and carefully translates japanese into English.
He decided to poison them.
Anyways, it is extremely crucial for me to decide what it is that I really want to achieve!
Even if I'm a millionaire, it would mean nothing if I wasn't happy.
Oh, I just remembered another important idea I learned from books.
because it was not important to my life when I stayed in china.
I went to Grouse Mountain to climb with my host father.
Mt Grouse is a very popular mountain in Vancouver.
I also practiced the making of Zonbi today.
I'm looking forward to the Zonbi Walk.
I want to talk about movies or soccer with you.
I like horses and cooking.
I like watching TV.
And what do you like?
Our class has Korean, Japanese, and Taiwanese.
My teacher is an American.
I must research fashion by the magazine.
The industry of my choice is a firm company, marine or an air transportation company and hotel.
Maywa Denki, one of the artists who displayed work in this exhibition, declared their concept to be ``Device Art``.
In such relations, devices are mere tools, being the subject to make the content.
Only the content is regarded as art.
I am not very familiar with contemporary, so it's difficult for me to understand this sentence.
Do I have an advantage for learning foreign languges? (I'm not sure how to correct your second sentence)
Citizen watches Japan cannot supply the parts only.
I'm working as a telephone operator.
but pay is relatively good and, physically, its not a hard job. Best of all, I work short hours!!
Please tell me if the things I write don't make sense.
Japanese restaurant ``saizeriya``
I went to the Japanese restaurant ``saizeriya`` today.
It is a very reasonably-priced Italian restaurant.
When I am sad, I always count my favorite things.
(I didn't know the parts were still in there) I guess he didn't make a full recovery, but he looks fine when dancing.
Unfortunately, we cannot talk to the animals b 'cuz (because) we use different languages.
I usually related aliens with everything around me.
I think taking photos is good for improving your sense of
I believe in heaven and I also believe in hell.
I've never seen either but I believe they exist.
They have to exist, because without heaven and without hell, we are all just heading for limbo after death.
The places have identical features.
English is pretty hard!
I will do my best in order to achieve my goal starting from RIGHT NOW!
Singapore people who lived one generation before started using that language.
The pronunciation, accent and rhythm of the language are very different from English which we have learned until now.
Yesterday I listened to this song on You Tube.
When I was leaving the car park, my husband gave me advice.
I really enjoyed this summer.
I have to practice soccer everyday, practice futsal every week, and practice aikido sometimes.
What's the season in your country?
Did you know that a big typhoon is coming to Japan now?
Tomorrow maybe it will hit Japan.
The TV drama ``OC`` is awesome!
I study english by watching the drama ``OC``. This is more natural.
My band favorite is Green Day, the best punk rock band, because they're irreverent, their lyrics are cool and their music has a lot of energy
please correct me and thanks for reading-.-
Anyway, I am going to study English using ``BENJAMIN BUTTON`` from now on!
Tomorrow I will have an English examination.
I hesitate on what I should choose.
We had a substitute teacher, but he was nice and had a good sense of humor.
Since I read books until midnight for two consecutive days, I'm going to wrap up my entry.
I often drink hot tea, because I have sore throat.
I think that she is a real personality.
I laughed silently to myself when I was in the dream.
I chuckled and giggled.
I hope my bad memories won't eat up the pleasurable dream (in which the man loves me).
Of course, amime is Ok.
It is well known that English learning includes four aspects: listening, speaking, reading and writing.
I don't remember who, but someone told me that reading and writing belong to cultural aspects, while listening and speaking belong to language aspects.
I major in economics, and now I'm busy with group study and studying for TOEFL..
For example, I have 12 coworkers in my office, both regular and temporary exmployees.
One of the temporary workers is very dirty, lazy, and tough, so most of the other workers hate her.
Even though she realizes this, she makes no effort to change her habits to foster better relationships with her coworkers and create a more efficient working environment.
What I'm trying to say is, ``If you don't want to change, search for a job more suited to you.
I was hanging around in Shinjuku after work and I saw such gorgeous displays.
I wanted to watch (them) from the cafe across (the street), but unfortunately, it was filled to capacity.
So, I can't become the superintendent for our dormitory.
Today, I watched episode 4 and 5 of the second season.
I like Serena.
Who is the actress who plays Serena?
the class always stresses me because I teach students who prepare for university entrance examinations. (It's very difficult and important for them in Korea)
I told them I was planning to go abroad to study English.
but I don't get any chances to speak English or Japanese at my workplace and I'm not satisfied with my current job.
This is my first time going to ita.
Nobody understands how I feel.
Yesterday my friends and I played basketball in the park.
When we played basketball my friend hit my head.
When we rested next to the basketball area,
The father played with his son and the mother just sat on the bench
I played the piano with my daughter in the concert for the first time yesterday.
I admit that not every piece of Seth Rogan's is as brilliant as Superbad or Juno.
Are people in modern society losing their moral values?
Every year, bullying at school occurs and it doesn't seem to disappear, rather it's becoming worse because there are some students who committed suicide after being bullied and the way of bullying is becoming terrible.
There are some people who talk so loud (OR loudly) with thier mobile phone in trains or buses, not considering other people around them.
Also... I don't know difference between ``memory`` and ``remembrance``
I stirred and cried.
There are many many traditional summer festivals.
I recently went to bed late so I am worrying about my lifestyle.
But until now, I don't think reading English articles is very easy.
Did you see Avatar?
I used to read fiction when I was young had a lot of free time.
The method is good. I study about 1 hour a day and write with native speakers.
By the way, I would like to know Jiro Shirasu which made the biggest impact in the world around 1950.
Plese check it.
I went back to my father and mother's (parent's) home.
Then she clapped her small hands and swayed to the song.
I'm very excited about my first diary.
Then I ran around the park near our apartment.
I had a good time eating the delicious pizza with the group.
Recently I've busy so I could 't write a diary.
I've been studying English for years and have just started learning Spanish.
I also received the high school entrance examination results, and I passed.
I like eating and traveling.
and sometimes I would feel shy. Maybe I fear have a fear of making mistakes.
I watched the movie ``UNSTOPPABLE``
A repairman came to check the air conditioner in the morning.
He found that one of the possibilities was a short voltage of the remote controller.
Jim Parsons's smile is Cute. XD
I emailed that to them on last Saturday (their Friday night), that I asked them to accept for me to stay at their home again.
However, they didn't reply anything to me until Monday morning (their Sunday night).
I worried that they will have some troublesome thing during the days which I expected to stay, so they were not able to reply to me.
She didn't read my e-mail until when I called to her, and pleased to accept my request for an accomodatin in their home again.
I cant say it well in English.
such as learning phrasal verb, current English, Grammar etc.
Well, what I can do with myself? However, I agree with my teacher...
What about our new English books? I'm starting a book called '' Laser B1 ''.
Although my English level is very low, I would like to communicate with many people.
Though there was also an unnatural scene, it was very interesting.
My favorite school subjects are biology and mathematics.
My favorite TV show now is My name is Earl.
It was a good experience for me.
We could divide business items.
Good morning.
First I watched Love Actually, of course it was the English version.
Q10: Who is the most interesting person in your family?
interesting in an unexpected, sudden situation.
Anyway, that's why I like him.
In my future
I'm sophomore a at Kyouto Notredame university in Japan.
There are some students who want to be a teacher, OL or technician.
They are studying to acheive their dream.
I thought about how can I could improve my English level during vacation.
It is to chat with foreigners who can speak English!!
But I also think that teachers and parents should give children diverse education so they can have great lives.
I felt nervous, frustrating, heart's throb.
but when I was preparing the competitions I was nervous and I felt fresh when the competition was finished.
and I have to do my math homework, and to study many subjects.
I take it regularly, usually twice a year, in order to check my level of English.
It is totally amazing because she was speaking with her own words at this speech.
Anyway, I think everyone should see it once.
It has made me a little confused.
His work is so popular in the world that he has many fans.
When I watched this, I thought this could be quite an innovation.
At the same time, I thought of some problems and am still thinking of solutions for them.
we were singing and playing and eating the buffet for about 5 hours.
February 24 is the birthday of 25 years!!
Keigo Higashino is a genius.
His stories always amuse and surprise me.
However, I still used it because I am not yet finished to write my journal entry.
I have read a book a bit because I have traveled all day.
I thought, I will be late.
When I got to my office, the morning meeting had already started.
I must admit that I didn `t do anything throughout the holiday except
Harry discovered he is a psychopath.
How much syrup?
I don't know how to express my opinion.
Ah, I want check the grammar or sentences but I have no time, but I have to earn the money for a beer.
She said that from that moment I had become hers and none other's.
There are no differences because it's still Asia.
confuse: Both of them told me different information about the nuclear plant, so I was confused.
compete: 57 soccer teams will compete against each other this summer.
In the morning, I see many Chinese college students reading
This is a Korea's traditional day.
On this day, we celebrate our harvest and we show our respect to our ancestors by a special ceremony.
On this day, we also face the worst traffic jams.
For example, it usually takes 5 hours from Seoul to Busan by car,
This is a cultural difference.
so I'm disappointed about this.
There were so many people in a narrow room that I'm slightly worried about the infection of swine flu now.
We just walked around the bottom. (???)
And I think he is learning and coming to understand a lot of things.
I will travel abroad.
They strengthen our interpersonal relationships, self-confidence, and allow us to gain more knowledge and friends.
Recently, There was a big earthquake in Japan.
We appreciate very much.
Unfortunately, even if I explain about the movie well, the reader (I mean the friends of mine who will correct this.. ^ ^) will have difficulty understanding the story of the movie.
I recommend this movie to all of you interested in traditional Korean culture.
I got up at 12: 00 pm and I was just a couch-potato all day.
Maybe it's because I really hate my future speciality and don't want to be a programmer (I'm the one of that persons who go to university just to get diploma).
We got acquainted with each other through the on line community named ``mixi``, which is like ``Facebook`` in the U.
Gakkai is Japan's largest religion, based on Buddhism.
She is allegedly a bit older than me and working for elementary school in Osaka.
It was unfamiliar to me, as I was born and raised in Tokyo.
A further reason why I want to do this is to get used to writing English essays without the hesitation of choosing the words and structures of my sentences.
While my boss is away from the office I tried to use his machine to make a cup of coffee.
So when he came back from abroad I can brew one for him.
I tried to go to a Bikram Yoga class, but, regrettably, I didn't join it.
I CANNOT WAIT! (typo)
The first, I live in a rented (rented) house.
My price is more expensive than their budget,
Pic3: How to create GDP?
I had paellas of seafood and chicken.
I suddenly changed direction intentionally, and then fortunately I managed to avoid the pickpocket.
Anyway, Barcelona was great place with good sunshine.
I'm sorry for my English =)
I want to learn spanish because I may take spanish for my foreign classes, but I am afraid because I've never learned spanish before...
Because my climbing shoes stretched, I bought new shoes.
They were warriors wondering around the magic world at least during the play.
Our journey in the D& D world shall be updated in consistence with our actual progress.
I'm a Japanese woman.
She is just 3 years old, so that she could not understand what the TDL is and almost all the activities.
Then I came back home, went to au shop to fix my phone, because my cellphone has something wrong with the connecting.
If it is translated literally into Japanese, it means ``anata wa shitteiru``.
I have a headache, but I don't know the reason why.
or, relief after finishing some work?
I've read many books on how to study English efficiently, but I haven't focused as much on speaking English well.
On the second day, we went to an island that is near the Kota Kinabaru we went by boat.
Then we returned to the hotel and we had a nap.
Then we relaxed and had a massage.
I then asked the staff `What do you recommend?''
Yesterday I presented my graduate thesis.
The economy of Philippines is developing but they have a crisis.
1: Put the following five animals in order of preference
Look at the explanatory note below.
Today I went to see the hospital because of nasal inflammation.
I had an allergy test with my blood last week.
When I bought ``How to Speak English in Three Months``,
that envelope was still sealed.
Nothing is finished and nothing has changed my English skill.
My favorite book is ``TOEIC elderman 755 points clear!``
# 2 to watch CSI Miami and I will write that story lines in my words.
Anyway I have to stop buying English books, text books, etc.
I learnt English long ago (when I was still at school) but since then unfortunately I haven't used English.
I decided to start guitar, and I joined a music club at another college.
My senior said ``I advise an early start on guitar and you should buy a guitar in which the price is between 70000en and 80000en``
Finally, I called my mother, she said ``Oh!
She instructed me to call her friend, who was a professional guitarist.
He told me his favorite internet-shopping site where he bought his guitar.
He said ``I think at first you should try to purchase a cheap one and if you think you want to play the guitar, you should buy more expensive one.``
Now, I wait for my new guitar.
Will you listen to my music, if I learn to play guitar very well? (haha)
There is the flower shop called ``Flower Factory`` near my house.
I bought cut flowers, a poinsettia plant, a lavender plant, a rosmarinus officinalis plant, and a flowerpot.
Please correct me.
B: If you are not talking about the IQ thing, I think I'm smart enough to say ``I don't know.`` honestly, if I am asked that, I don't know about it.
My husbund allows my son to take it.
They are so yummy.
Today, I found the sweet '' DOCE DE LEITE '' so yummy!
Should I go to see a doctor?
My favorite team is The Tokyo Giants.
I'm very excited and happy!
I was too happy to believe it.
They made me a cake which tasted very delicious and the decorations were also pretty.
It's raining now.
Recently, I've researched how to study and improve my skill.
Last weekend I returned home. Since my hometown was far away from Shenzhen, I came home by train.
Although I have grammar knowledge, I still cannot write any correct sentences.
I registered for this service.
I would like to just stay at home not go hang out with my friend but I have to go and vote for the prime minister.
Why have practices like this not disappeared from Thailand? Even now, there are still a lot of problems with elections.
I thought I would remember the experience forever, because the training was so difficult for the girls.
I met a couple of CPAs and colleagues who are studying hard for the CPA exams.
it's my dream xD? and now I shall go to my summer house.
Everyone has their troubles, a positive attitude must come first!
Potato chips
It is difficult to use a mouse or keyboard while you are using your computer and eating potato chips,
However, it can be hassle to wipe it every time.
Oh and I forgot to say that the goal was magnificent!
I will start work as computer programmer starting next April.
I am studying English and history.
one man had killed nearly 100 people.
Thank you for teaching me such a funny word.
If I am not able to understand these slang, it might be difficult to communicate with native spekers.
It is boring for me to only study grammar, essay, grammar, essay everyday.
Of course, I know it is important to learn these things.
I went to Beijing in China for four days in this week.
maybe...
He is a British writer.
Now I happened to find an ad on the Yahoo page which says that you can take a trip to an Asian country (you don't know whereabouts to go) only by paying from 18000 yen to 23000 yen.
the traditional opinion that boy is more precious than girl has changed
Once, he revolutionized Japanese telecommunication industry where NTT had monopolized for a long time.
He faces the opposition in his own party after he survived the no-confidence motion from the other parties a few weeks ago.
It's almost spring.
Now, we are filled with concerns about the aftershocks which still continue and about radiation.
I think something will change in Japan when spring is coming.
I asked the employee at the main desk, and he came to check on the printer.
He fixed the connection in the back of the comupter, and it eventually worked.
After the face to face interview, I was asked to finish a written test within half an hour.
The younger sister lies in the morning, and speaks the truth in the afternoon. (Could I use this sentence to replace my last sentence?
When I went home, I felt my body ache and my body broken machine.
Yesterday, I stayed at home the whole day, I watched a film <The Devil wears Prada>.
by the way my classmates introduced me to that film years ago,, I'm always watching it.
It has been a very long time since I saw snow.
My English class
In this university class, we study it by reading American comics.
The teacher in this class is really loves American comics.
So, every class, he recommends a lot of comics.
She describes the mental state of women in a variety of situations in her songs.
They cry from the loss of love and are delighted with new love.
My favorite tune by Maria Takeuchi is ``Sutekina Holiday (The Marvelous Holiday).
This is a Christmas song.
this season becomes meaningful.
In Japan, we differentiate between bowel trouble and stomach aches clearly.
Sometimes we feel some pains in the stomach caused by stresses and pressures like mental factors, but bowel troubles are caused by some foods
I have stayed at home all day long.
The menu is fried oyster, corn cream soup, salad, and rice.
So I decided to learn English.
I'd like to tell Japanese how foreigner are interested in Japanese.
But many areas of Japan were hit by heavy snow and caused havoc.
I juse finished to make a powerpoint for my class on Saturday.
my internet connection was lost now and wanted/ asked me to close (the window) so oh my goodness I was just writing my entry a few minutes ago but I will not blaim it because I am happy today and my heart is happy too.
By watching NHK, I can watch all kinds of wonderful programs they have to offer.
Sometimes I concentrate on watching TV, writing down something that I've never heard or learning more useful expressions than I've known.
My English is terrible.
But I try and try.... then, my journal is written up.
I have to eat less.
I also listen to English in a similar way and I can't keep up with the conversation when native speakers talk.
Then the spectators were yelling at him and criticizing him severely as soon as he ended his remarks.
After that, the judge convicted him of the crime, but George didn't succumb to the judgment and requested an appeal.
This morning, I said something wrong, and my colleague just used it to make fun of me.
adult ceremony
But there are still some problems with them, especially when taking metal ones ontrains or airplanes, because some security personnelwill take it as a potential threat and confiscate them.
My teeth don't hurt now and I'm really glad about this.
I don't have enough money to go shopping and it sucks.
But I didn't have any idea until now..!!
Day 90: I see that everyone around me seems to be more clever and more well-rounded than me.
Everyone like themselves, living so naturally.
Calaf declares his love for the princess, but she asks him to leave. He refuses to and confesses his name.
However I can't kill them because it's disgusting so I always try to shoo them by using a notebook (by waving the notebook at the mosquito).
Also my friend got bitten by poisonous spider and she has a fever from its venom, which is worse than mine.
I can't keep waking with them for more than 10 minutes.
This time I bought two mineral waters in 2 liter bottles.
The teacher asked us, 'If your friend is wearing a new suit, what do you say in English?'.
I want to know what is your recommendation on the places to go to, the food, the amusement and so on...
Although it's winter vacation, it's still too lazy, huh?
s second part of school means that after summer vacation, starting new semester.
If we want to take lectures from them or have discussions with them, obviously we have only two choices: waiting for them to come to our country or going abroad to meet them.
Hence, it is better to go abroad and meet them instead of waiting.
Thus, for students, especially those who want to become researchers, entering a famous foreign university is a good option.
In fact, I met a foreigner who had better understanding than me about Japanese culture.
In this grobal era, it is very important to understand our own country because it will help us to understand other cultures and, thus, help us broaden our horizons.
I heard from my friend that there are only a few translators in Japan.
On our way, some bicylcles appeared and caught me by surprise. The guard tried to stop them as he told me to cross the road.
Well, we ate BBQ while talking about something interesting which happened in the junior years.
If you had misunderstood something, I would apologize to you.
Actually, the KAIST graduate school announced the final result on (September?) 17th, and I got accepted into it.
Japan has been plagued by this disaster still
My sibling are growing,
. He already has a beautiful wife and lovely daughter. Next
I don `t know why a native can pronounce this well.
But checking their profiles, I found out most players were taller than 180 cm!!!
Polite or impolite
The posters that appeal to people not to hoard these goods are widespread on the Internet, especially on Twitter.
My efforts in writing and reading Japanese are a bit pathetic as of now, but even so, nobody seemed to actually mind.
I want to improve my English and talk with many foreign friends.
Shrimp and squid
Honestly I dont know how much like her and also I will be going to US in August to next march (for 7 months).
I need to say good bye as soon as possible.
I'm going to England and Italy from tomorrow to 31th.
She advised me ``Don't hurry.
It may be found when you are thirty, fourty, perhaps now.
Of course each person had a room. 2 were New Zealanders, 2 were Japanese, one was French, and the last one was Indonesian. 2 girls and 4 guys.
We have 2 professional basketball leagues in Japan.
Sendai has 3 profesional sports teams.
I believe that sports make us energetic
Some of them were put on ventilators.
I don't actually have any special hobby thing that I do regularly.
Geez, why didn't I know that before?!
But I will go there tomorrow, even if my ankle still hurts.:P
I miss my family.
I have a nice family; there's my father, my mother, my little brother and I.
Many fathers and mothers come to school and prepare food for their children, but my father and my mother didn't show up.
I want to have a holiday.
Though I decided to do so last year's end,
You know what happened in Japan.
The good thing is that all the entries usually have not only corrections, but comments too.
And do you know why we call it 'wisdom' in English?
I was recommended an English dictionary from my friend.
But I may be able to learn many words from this dictionary.
He appeared in a 600m relay race.
And I also appeared in a ball-toss game.
Luckily, I listened to someone's speech in the evening and I finally got motivated.
Your stones can't be taken, unless they are surrounded completely.
Before, I hadn't decided what career I would study.
I consider myself a good person who loves enjoying life and spending time in nature.
While it's always hard to deal with my studies and receive comments from a professor, to be told ``the amount of your effort is absolutely short`` is the worst part.
It's horrible to acknowledge what I cannot do, in spite of my strong desire to accomplish it.
But a year ago, I became interested in American movies and dramas.
I think when we learn a new language we need something interesting.
I have a cat, fishes and chickens!
I thought it was wonderful.
When I was a kid, I believed that rabbits lived in the moon.
Then we started to introduce ourselves.
I will eat less than usual at dinner, without carbs.
And so, I go to the small kitchen in the office and drink coffee.
I cooked Korean barbecue, Kimchi-tuna stir fry, Laver omelette, and
How do you learn foreign languages?
I'm spending most of my time studying foreign languages like English and Japanese.
I'm studying 2 English vocaburary books and using a iPod application that can help me build my vocabulary.
The key to building my vocaburary is 'repeat' I think.
Do you already know about this?
If you're learning Korean, I also recommend a online dictionary.
Which path to choose is very important, so it's a very difficult choice for me.
Field Survey
I tried my best to write this a friend supported me.
Chrysanthemum is typically used, but flowers such as roses or carnations should be avoided.
Second, write it in English.
Fortunatly, I will have a wonderful holiday.
About 2 days ago, I bought a magazine and a topic in it said many people have a problem called 'email nervousity'.
I check emails everyday and handling these emails will occupy at least 2 hours of my working day.
there were so many old people sitting around the stage where an old man was singing with great passion.
the average age of the people was 50, of course, except me.
It was also interesting to see the old fashion in a club, except that the old people didn't like to sit on the barstools. ^ ^
In Japan, the high school baseball championships is especially popular, as much as professional baseball.
I think the American movies are so dynamic.
It was pretty hard for me to read, since I hadn't even read it's translation.
Today, I visited my customers because I understand the orientation of improving our new products.
My experience in Australia
Today, I heard that he carried some heavy things from a track to places where he had to go.
I have been very busy writing a paper in order to graduate from university.
It's very popular in Japan.
This book teaches you lots of Japanese slang.
Beyond that, this book taught me a lot of English slang.
However, I have to be careful in using slang because it might make some people uncomfortable.
Now I am studying English and German.
I slipped down a small bridge from the top to the ground.
She had already been in Canada and she recommended me to stay at the same home.
I hope she got it easily.
Japanese traditional food is healthy.
Most non-Japanese peple people hate Natto, which is fermented soya ben bean.
When a man marries his wife and she becomes pregnant, he thinks about pregnancy very often.
The charat (character) on the blackboard is so small!!
I want you to write down bigger charat (characters)!! ``
I was very sur (surprised) because Korea has a culture about respect& great manners to adults (or oldaged people) and that action was very rude to the teacher.
And teacher erased her charater and (rewrote) the same content.
Is a Protestant more conservative?
I'd appreciate it if you check my English or send me a message.
We enjoyed Teppanyaki (sliced meat and vegetables grilled on a hot plate at the table) and a bottle of Wine.
We enjoyed Sake and raw fish.
I could work much more comfortably if I replaced the memory boards with ones of more capacity.
I'm not sure working comfortably is worth the cost.
Should historic buildings be preserved or be replaced with modern buildings?
With the increasingly rapid development of the economy, it is definitely undeniable that there exist tremendous changes in the world that I almost don't recognize in comparison with those several years ago.
Over the past years, the government replaced old Beijing siheyuan with new buildings in order to develop more quickly.
When making payments for rent, utility and insurance, we register our bank account information in advance and have the amounts paid automatically before the due dates.
post office's letter delivery, I always become anxious about whether my checks are properly distributed.
I agree with the decision of the court.
I am in favor of building the new library.
I maintain (contend) that owning the job helps managing student's time
I prefer eating at a restaurant than to cooking at home
I agree that tests encourage students to learn..
I don't think it is right to build new parking lots on the campus.
But other people correcting the entry in Japanese is very quick.
Wimbeldon will begin before long.
It is mysterious thing.
We rode a dangerous plane.
We could catch a later flight because there was another connecting flight 4 hours later.
This is my first time writing on here.
I cannot speak English.
My grandmother is 70 years old this year, but very energetic.
so my son caught a cold...
What a pity!:(
``My room is very cold in the evening.
I recommend a gas stove ``
But sometimes I hear only the sound of the words, and cannot understand the meanings of the sentences.
When I hear some long conversations or lectures, I think it is necessary to be able to comprehend the meanings of the sentences accurately.
Should I read and learn, then listen to the sentences or phrases repeatedly?
A goddess in a toilet.
A very, very beautiful goddess stays in a toilet.
That's why if you clean a toilet everyday, you can become a beautiful lady like the goddess.
I set an ink converter on it, filled with my favourite ink, and wrote some letters.
Every time, I get really motivated to learn new skills, knowledge, and experiences.
And FINALLY Thank God!
dunno why but felt like I've been missing all the good food in my Life.
All things are terrible.
Everything becomes a big trouble.
The most basic rock band has three musicians: a guitarist, a bassist and a drummer.
If you want to sound like a modern rock band, such as Kings of Leon, The Killers, Wolfmother, Strokes and so on, you will need a synthesizer or an installed program in your computer to reproduce 24-bit sounds in real time.
Part 1 Most useful tip: Listen to the music you want to play and feel it as if you were playing those songs with your friends in a big scenario.
It's a city which seemed very similar to Venice... Why?
If I have any opportunities to travel there again, I will not think twice.
I am a doctor specializing in anesthesiology.
Separating the tasks helps finish the tasks more quickly.
Meanwhile, I saw a girl who I didn't know at all beside me.
I MUST start studying right now instead of writing this
well, I think I cant waste more time writing to you (whoever you are), because the consequences will be disastrous.
I think that we could not be forever if we've been together.
English's ``what a ~ is like`` very, really, and so. ``
So I'm searching on the Internet for a long time.
Can you help me? (sorry, my English is poor.)
The ground was crowded with a sea of people even though police blockaded a length of road for pedestrians.
Soon after the problem was solved.
My exchange language partner who is from Malaysia reminds me of this.
I am reading a novel called/ entitled ``Eleven Minuites`` by Paulo Coelho.
Although it feels a bit strange, I'm very interested by it.
It's been approximately 4 years since I formally started studying English, but I almost never have the chance to be corrected when I practice, either because my friends are too kind to me or because I don't usually write letters or any documents in English or because I am not understood.
Since I've been learning from teachers who taught both American and British English, my writing might be a strange mixture of them.
I want to be consistent with BrE since I've been learning under a British-like system for the last two years, but well, that's too much to say in a first entry.
It's really difficult, I hate math very much.
During those day I make a good friend in Lang-8, she help me improve my speaking, listening or anything.
I want to understand science articles and documentary TV programs like from the Discovery channel or National geographic channel.
On the program, French scientists excavated a lot of evidence from the Vatican.
Since then, they aim to be famous all over the world and charted on Billboard 200 again.
When speaking, I always speak with the very heavy accent of my hometown.
I still remember the first day when I came to my university last year.
Despite the problems, I am proud of the fact that I have mastered two languages, in addition to ``putonghua``.
My English is not very good.
Yesterday, my friend kindly talked to me about selling food abroad. She said she will ask her friend about the details because his company sells things abroad too.
It seems that her friend doesn't have answers for us either, so she found it on the internet herself and sent it to me through hotmail.
because she always makes me laugh.
It seemed impossible to me, but it really happened!
Yeah, I was very sleepy and tired, and the girls were waiting for me in the street.
I can't fit them, and so they think none of the boots fit me, because I am short and fat. Fuckin 'hurt me.
The restaurant is nice!
Unfortunately, I'm still in an exam term. I want to be free from these fuckin 'exams.
Now I'm really wondering about wheather it is too late for a 29 year old woman to go to a university in a foreign country to study English on a scholarship or not, and quitting work to do it.
But I have something to do such as doing the laundry, grocery shopping, making some framework for an exam, learning English, editing a movie, along with other things.
Actually, I'm surfing to find a suitable site for my daughter's English study.
I'll introduce this site to my daughter tomorrow.
In my opinion, there are not many tragedies greater than Tohoku.
I realised that I always have conversations with my wife in English comfortably.
These kinds of conversations are very comfortable for English learners. But I think if we really want to improve our language skills rapidly, we should do everything ourselves on foreign soil, and sometimes we should be nervous.
This is extremely hard without preparations.
Through one of my colleagues I just found out aboutthis web ``www.
My english comunication skills are very low.
Father and mother are teachers.
We have cultural festival this month.
USA and Japan will go bankrupt
He was quoted as saying, ``I came here to kill people.
I'm from Fukuoka, Japan.
It seem busy in Bangkok.
Hello, friends. In Bangkok it seems busy at the moment. Some of the people don 't like the priminister.
They protest at the important road near (?) victory monument.
They want the new priminister to resign from the goverment.
It seems busy in Bangkok and going soon to the important city called Pataya because
there they will have a meeting and the people from other countries will go there.
My favourite film maker is Andrei Tarcovski.
I even don't know what I can do for you.
I'm looking for something good to celebrate my friend's daughter's birth.
The makers may think most of the parents will willingly pay any price for their children without hesitation.
I believe perseverance may lead to victory.
Do they eat rice,_ soup,_ vegetables,_ fruit,_ bread,_ noodles_, milk,_ sandwiches,_ etc?
Hiroshima (anniversary of the end of WWII)
However, since 65 years have passed, many people like me don't know the realities of the devastation of the atomic bombing.
The fact that he/ she had lost his/ her life in a moment by an atomic bomb made a black human-shaped spot as his/ her identifiable mark of living.
Many people lost their lives in many ways in many countries; let me mourn the people who died in WWII.
I think that putting the Internet to practical use is difficult.
This is because there is much useful information in the Internet, but all of it is not always true.
So I want to select the information carefully and search for the information at various information sources when I use the information on the Internet.
I want to become one of the greatest ministers in the world
I attached the picture taken from the window in my house.
So I was doing a listening test by myself at class time.
Then, my father called me loudly because he can't speak English.
The Japan government urges people within a 20km radius from the power plant to evacuate.
But foreign governments urge people within a radius of 80km from the power plant to evacuate.
I am from China and I am studying in US now. I want to improve my English effectively and my roommate Keegan who is a nice American girl recommended this website to me. That's why I know this place and registered. Not only do I itch to learn English and Japanese here, but also I long to make friends who are from different countries.
The homework makes me think about the important incidents that have happened in the world.
At the same time, I wonder if everyone has something new every day.
Maybe I can find good friends here from all over the world.
Oh, anyway it's snowing and windy outside.
But after I realized that I coud n't revise it anymore.
I think this is a very good way, because it not only the way to study more languages, but also we couldknow foreign culture. and language.
by this way, we can have more opportunity to practice our language ability I think.
Happy Christmas (Celine Dion made by John Lennon)
If you prefer a certain Catholic Bible version, can you please tell me which one it is?
We can share each other's culture and languages.
Recently I'm feeling that our marital relationship isn't going well so I decided to ask you tonight.
I hope she is feeling only physical fatigue.
So I went there alone and saw a lot of foreigners there. The ones that came from England, Canada and America I tried to listen to when they talked together. But I am not fluent in English yet so I understand some sentences but I'd really like to understand everything they say. Both of them live in Bangkok and are training for their job at their childrens 'house and the children get abondoned with their parents.
I'll do again what I have done before, but this time I won't lose my original intention and I'll be more deligent.
Just 1 more exam left! yippee!
As for me, however, I had written a paper for the purpose of publishing a journal.
l was really suprised and glad at her success!!
Today, Iwatched a movie called (or titled) ``xinyue``. It is the part two of ``Twilight``.
From my opinion, I supports the vampire because he is the first one for that girl and he didn't make a mistake (or do anything wrong).
Hello everybody, this is my first entry on lang 8.
Hello Dears.
It's very lovely and he acts like a spoiled child.
There is a Nepalese restaurant in my neighborhood.
Unfortunately, there seemed many delicious food delivered afterwards.
I wondered why he thought that because I have always done my homework, however, as time goes by I will prove to my teacher that Majid can achieve a high score in the next level exam.
Because I am exposed easily strangers and perhaps became criminals.
By the way, I'm reading The Catcher in the Rye, which is used in American high school textbooks.
I saw tanks, helicopters, and missiles.
I'm going to write it, please correct it and if you know about Beijing, please tell me a little about it.
I want to know about other Asian country's traditional way of life, and I also want them to understand Japanese culture.
But, I think the best way of understanding each other is to meet in person and talk about everyday life.
After all, I want to tell people (that) we have to work hard to understand each other.
I want to tell them about the Japanese school system, because there are many good things in it.
Hatsumode is a Japanese custom of visiting the shrine on New Year's Day.
I finished work and returned to the accommodation in which I am staying. I washed the clothes.
Today I first contacted a Skype user on Skype.
The latter have taken away the customers from department stores, which are traditionally giant in the fashion retail industry.
The main reason is that fashion buildings are able to offer more reasonable products.
In the deflationed Japanese economy, consumers put their priority on the price rather than on the level of service.
However, I'm not that good at studying either.
Currently, my town is very cold. I will make myself a lunch in a lunchbox, because I don't want to go outside for lunch.
I was disappointed to learn that the Nintendo 3ds will be released on February 26th, 2011.
Japanese horror movie.
Summer is a horror season in Japan.
Japanese horror movie is very scary and interesting.
What is the impression of foreign countries about the Japanese horror movie?
$ 0. 00 USD-$ 3000. 00 USD, the price per transaction
Suddenly, I thought I wanna travel through Korea with foreigner friend who want to go on a trip through Korea.
and may be able to feel a refreshing feeling!!!
Recently, I couldn't write a diary, because I was working.
I'm sorry for writing a dreary (?) diary.
anything (but it must be less than 800 calories)
After the massive earthquake in Japan, some people hope we can forecast earthquakes and so they write on a web site about earthquake precursors such as clouds, sulfurous smells, abnormal changes in well water, the sun, or the moon.
I ate a lotus root which was fried with soy sauce and was sprinkled with some sesame and red pepper.
For example, shark `s heart (sliced low).
I feel really like the girl in this book becasue inside, she is really clever.
She liked to read books since she was young.
This book is the first Eglish book for me.
It is raining in Taipei.
she was 1 year old and she was also crying all day
My lunch normally costs around 500 yen.
I like the food of Izakaya restaurant during lunch.
What do you think about music?
On sep 13th, he made a call to his mother pretending that he was abducted by a kidnapper.
He confessed that he had stolen/ imbezzled his company's get-together expenses and he was afraid that the company would find out
I have no idea how much he spent of his company's get-together expense.
The TV news shows the royal family turning up to where? three times in the morning and shook hands with the people gathing in front of the imperial palace.
I was physically and mentally exhausted but I became aware of something.
I want to become better tomorrow.
11/ 12/ 10-Never Lose Your Initial Enthusiasm
So when you think about what to say, the things you wanna say can come out instantaneously.
He said that there's a rumor that radioactive substances may be carried by the wind and the Philippines might be also be contaminated by rain due to the explosions of the Fukushima nuclear plant.
Now that does not make sense at all for me.
I so hated cleaning, especially washing floors.
And I like to rid of useless things.
Because you can always fill this space with something useful or with stuff you really like, later.
I must will have to find myself very embarrassing one day, than there will be no stuff to through away.
But from another side, the more time I spend cleaning, organizing my stuff and decluttering, the more areas I find to do it with.
Sometimes my friends are joking that someday I'll turn to Monica Geller.))
(And I actually improved my English a lot this way.) So I decided, during my decluttering week not only to get rid of stuff, but to clean my information space, too.
Now I can easily find the book I need and not search through all the folders on my computer.
Three years ago I visited Rio de Janeiro, Brazil together with my friend and her mother.
They opened EVERYTHING: bags of souvenirs, pouches of cosmetics...
The Brazilian officer opened her bag and found a pack of umeboshi and was asking her what it was.
The officer opened the package.
We couldn't look (past tense) around enough because we had entered there 30mins before closing time.
I couldn't remember which words suit the sentences, even if, I had already studied them.
In addition, both companies have been known for being conservative as big companies usually are.
The day she borned was born was just like yesterday. Now she has become a talkative little girl and has her own ideas.
At first I was sad, because it makes me feel that she doesn't think I am her friend because she always complain that she really want to meet the other friends.
This is an important exercise for me.
I'm looking forward to seeing ``Pirates Of The Caribbean 4``.
I registered on this site a few minutes ago.
Recently I tried playing the guitar for the first time of my whole life.
I go to guitar school and have a happy time with my teacher.
But I want to play for someone, sometime.
I want to enjoy writing my diary and getting to know many people around the world.
Travis is a band from Scotland.
Their sound and lyrics are warm and comfortable.
One of my goals is to obtain better english abilities so I can communicate with foreigners.
Another goal is to have many friends all over the world.
If you understand my goals, please teach me correct english.
Everybody is good at English and they spoke so quickly that I couldn't understand.
I didn't understand what the teacher was talking about and the worksheets he gave us had so many words I didn't know.
I am an exchange student and they may think I'm good at English.
I like rain however today was horibble because there was snow on the road. The rain melted it.
I always bike to work.
I'm preparing it, that is to say I'm doing general house cleaning.
I finally bought the magazine ``ELLE girl``!
We wish those victims can get through this disaster.
However, I had to go to a driver's licensecenter, because my license had almost expired.
Please correct my English and tell me your opinion!
They overcome their weaknesses through religion.
He decided to build a laxurious hotel for Indians, but I think it is very expensive.
I made some chocolate.
Today is a holiday known as 'Labour Thanksgiving Day' in Japan.
We respect labour, celebrate production, and thank each other.
One of the his works were offered to Yakushi-ji temple in Nara prefecture, Japan.
Cause I finished my essay just now.
So I cancled my plan, and instead played guitar...
My favorite season is the winter because I enjoy snowboarding.
I'm looking forward to snowboarding.
I went to Cambridge in August three years ago to join a summer school at Cambridge University.
Cambridge University consists of lots of colleges.
I decided to have a personal trainer at home.
I bought a webcam from a Hong Kong web shop famous for cheap prices.
They sent me the webcam without any software nor a manual.
I don't know how to prove that the webcam is actually 38 thousand pixels
Does anyone know how I can check my webcam's pixels?
Then I'll play tennis with my friends, study English, and apply myself to my research to graduate from my university.
He lend me his spare folding umbrella.
I study law.
My hobby is watching movies.
Second, a single mother in a hostel looking for job.
I have to tell myself that everything will be okay because this is all temporary.
At today's meeting, the manager asked us to make a summary about this month, and at that moment I realized that I have been here for more than one month.
Now I am thinking about how to write my summary, because my colleagues want me to write it.
But I am what I am thinking more is about whether to go on with this job or not, and there is another important thing... I want to do something using English and I want to get experience with business, but what I am doing now is not very concerned with English.
My favourite festival is Spring Festival.
The students study extremely hard with a view to succeeding here in Taiwan.
Many Japanse English teachers use college entrance examinations as an excuse for them to stick to the traditional method.
I read sometimes on the bus, but it is not always a good experience. It moves a lot, I feel dizzy and I have to stop reading when I have to get off, not when I want to.
I have the most beautiful book in my hands and I've been waiting for the right time to read it. My boyfriend gave it to me in October. It is February now, and I have only read ten pages.
I'm studying English every day,
I've been reading my last journals, and I must to say that they're very badly written xD
I was so annoyed by the work I did last semester.
I was so sleepy that I drank toomuch, then I felt sick.
When we use the definite article ``the`` before a date,
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan. I think he is a great film director. I have watched Following, Memento, Insomnia and The Prestige, which were also directed by him, and these movies are amazing,
(I hate that!!) that's why I don't like cooking anymore....; (
Friends are so funny!!
Chiba has Disneyland and is near Tokyo, so it is a convenient place to live.
Of course, almost all women in Japan including my wife hates such plans.
Because when I was in the first year of elementary school, my classmate put a frog in my clothes.
She was crying hard.
I didn't want to take the bus while it was raining and I didn't have any bus tickets yet.
(ought not, are unable, mustn't)
my name is Monika and I would like to practice my English, because I'm thinking about studying law in Reykjavik (Iceland) through the Erasmus program.
I went to Kouchi in Japan.
I traveled to Shanghai last September and visited a big book store.
The newspaper says, according to Ladbrokes, the U.
Hi, I'm Sofia Eliet. I'm learning the Korean language because I want to go to Korea in 2 years, but first I have to go to E.
a mock cavalry battle, tug of war and great jump rope.
I participated in an obstacle competition.
When I arrived at the hospital, It was really hard to find him because hospital was sooooo big!!!
Actually I still can't believe he has a really serious disease.
But I learned it very happily.
Three days from tomorrow is one of biggest holidays in Korea.
For a while, I think when I went to my company this year is special. (?)
I went to the German school to join in a party.
Any differences?
Good morning!
I think Japan has a huge comic and animation industry.
People in some countries have to work in hard working environments.
Your country have been capitalist for a long time, hasn't it?
We have long summer vacation, from the last end of this month to until September.
My son brings his lunch to his kindergarten everyday.
I think Japan is not only an abundant culture country
Recently I've been studying hard, because I will take an entrance examination to a university this year.
So I will write this diary as much as possible to raise my English skill. (many entries)
And my birthday is coming so I want to do something amazing on my BD: crazy stuff like bungie jumping, paddling a kayak in a wide river, climbing a cliff, skydiving and so on.
New York or Los Angeles
Is anyone here from New York City or Los Angeles
I met my friend during my college days after a long time today.
I ate an eel and he ate curry and rice at lunch.
We talked about the research that we usually address to each other over lunch.
After lunch, we went to a karaoke lounge.
flabergastted-> I was flabbergasted because I noticed a big cockroach in my room yesterday
In the aftenoon, I met my friend after the exhibition.
Hi. THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY IN THE WEB. I am a student of English. In Spain we have a bad system of learning idioms, unlike like other countries of the European union. In those countries you can have a normal conversation with 3 or 4 idioms, but in Spain you can't talk very well in english and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in French...
hahaha I should learn the most english as possible.
We went fishing and we got three!!
Staying abroad is a very good experience!!!
I worked overtime today.
Oh, the shoes I ordered on the Internet have been delivered! I should take them out of the box.
Nevertheless, the Sichuan style bean curd I ate was very good.
I don't need good pronunciation, I just wanna make friends!!
As a new staff, I respect my colleagues, I try to do more things than the normal,
Last night I went to Xinshe Township, a town in the mountains of Taichung.
After dinner a couple came over to drink beer and talk with my husband's younger brother.
The couple's daughter is a very pretty girl.
You know when you confuse everything that really matters to you.
Even if you are interested in reading it's sometimes a little bit tough to find good, interesting books
For example, My entries has not been corrected, I wanna put it in the place of latest articles for letting everyone know that and correct for me?
You might gather it for a period of time, then you will see how it brightens our life. To me, flamenco is a living attitude.
(<---weird sentence I know) We had to do the weirdest things, like making up a 5-minute play and performing it for about 200 people!
I want to grasp something but it doesn't work. I work hard now but where's my future?
Because of it being too hot, I didn't sleep well last night.
I will have no classes tomorrow.
we thought this pain was suffered from menstrual pain.
We've not been learning Japanese enough to know these phrases, that's why we need help...
But of course, we would tell her we had help, cause she knows we don't know japanesewell:)
For that, I deceided to take the new year challenge of Steve Kauffman at Lingq and aim for 500 hours this years of listening of Russian audio materials.
I especiallydo/ check/ correct those entries which haven't been corrected.
With worries, I was away from school and tried to have a job concerning NGO.
She said to me that why do you want to study this, why did you come to me without any fundemental information and this decision is the most important decision to me for my life ever.
About the outdoor lesson, I've probably learned how the factory works.
Is love so important?
In the course, the professor asked us one question: ``What may you do for love?``
It means that love is not the main part in a relationship, being concerned with some is.
Don't you think that it's a good idea to celebrate special days in this way?
Don't be fooled by the old-school beginning and non-color video the director orchestrated.
My youngest sister
You can produce ideas on your own (or: You can produce your own ideas.
Today the Japanese soccer team competed in the first game of the World Cup.
I forgot, because I was listening to the radio at that time.
I love Nakazawa, but the Japanese team is a very weak team.
The beginning
I'm Mefi and I just registered myself on here.
There are still some earthquakes now.
I'm not good at speaking and listening English so I hope I can meet someone who can speak japanese a little.
For responsibility (?) for people.
Veins (?) still (anyway) are buzzing.
Now I study English at college and by myself at home.
But I get the message: Correction boxes are open, please close them.
Yesterday, it was a fine day.
``Most mothers with a baby who was as old as Rei-chan were accompanied by their husbands.``
I enjoyed this trip.
My boyfriend made me breakfast this morning.
I'm trying to learn to speak English which is a third language to me, even I understand it easily but it's hard to write or speak in English, I have a lot to improve on, and I want some ideas on how to do it,.
I (started) to study English yesterday.
Someday, I want to (speak) English like a native.
I bought my cellphone that day, so I could exchange my number with them, and the number of friends on myFacebook increased so much.
It is really huge, according to the weather forecast.
To be a fashion buyer has been my dream ever since graduated from fashion design school.
So it is cool.
I had dinner with my high school friend tonight.
My friend called me and told me all that she knew.
All the people were afraid.
Thanks, bye!!
It has been continued for three months.
I got through the worst of the conference presentations.
I have always gone to the tutor center, and I got a lot of help from there.
I was impressed to learn it was a true story (and what a story it was!).
Because I live in the Philippines and my sister lives in Australia.
I'm very tired.
This verse is excellent, I follow this, but this does not mean that the other people will be the same way.
I like a manga called ``ma h ga`` In Japanese.
I also like ``o ta ku``.
hehe It is my secret I seldom tell anyone else besides friends.
I would be kind and gracious to anyone who wants to be friends with me.
Also it was exciting for me to play with my niece!
I know Japan does not like this situation because they depend too much on export (business).
On the other hand, some people appreciate the weak dollar and strong yen.
probably appreciate the weak dollar and strong yen if they do business between their countries.
We international students are not allowed to work legally outside of campus.
As you may know, the G8 summit is taking place in Japan now, and the exchange market depends on it more or less.
I found an interesting news item.
However, it cannot be helped in a sense, because Japanese people have no custom of speaking English in their daily lives and the language system of Japanese is too different from that of English.
In fact, there are a lot of international students around me, and I found many interesting differences among them such as taste or way of approaching people:)
``You don't need 300 million tweets tell you that``
(Incidentally?) Accidently, we held a party with my primary school classmates,
It was better than I expected.
Incidentally, I would like to have language learning abilities!
I thought ``I need to learn English because I want to travel around
I want to use my freetime to study English and read books about business
And I started learning Japanese in the university.
The male dancer was very short, but he had very good basic steps and musicality!!!!
I will go shopping, play video games, and go to dance class.
I think English grammar is difficult.
I am here to practice some languages and to make new friends from all ofthe countries!
and I made chocolate.
But I do not feel sleepy compared to yesterday.
I'll tell you about yesterday 's lunch.
first, it didn't separate the non-smoking area from the smoking area.
I really hate smoking [with a passion].
In fact, my teeth are not so good becasue I didi n't know how to brush my teeth when I was child.
It was fun for me and maybe them too...
So I said if you can really clean your teeth you won't have bad teeth like mine....
I wanted one with a large vocabulary, phrases, an English-English dictionary function, and various English functions.
I don't need any functions unrelated to English.
I've never heard that the maker has produced electronic dictionaries, but it has produced good quality dictionaries and has a good reputation for it, according to the staff.
There are many interesting places though, really crowded, obviously dirty, and sometimes I feel strong stressed.
My cowokers all quit their job because of depressing spirits.
I'm MUCH healthier than other people.
Could I frighten them by trying to get acquainted on the street?
I was so excited to have a chance to study Japanese in my own city but now I'm a bit disappointed.
At the entrance, many people were waiting in line to pay.
but it is also very stressful.
Now I can study with concentration.
I need to enjoy living in Australia because I don't have time.
In this afternoon, I'll leave from here, which is Osaka, to Ibakaki for work.
I had to line in a long long queue.
I am studying English now.
I want to communicate with foreigners.
However, my daughter bought it to me, it's her love.
My husband sent flowers to my office, I felt happy.
I dislike rainy days because of getting wet with rain and cannot keep my attention fixed.
please give me some advice.
I am a happy girl and I like to make friends from everywhere. ~. ~
I think I have enough time to learn English& French.
I make some friends from all over the world.
I did not prepare very well, now I am a little bit anxious about it.
The most difficult part is politics, I do not like it because it is so boring.
Everyday I have to read English and German.
I wish I had more time so that I can achieve a high score.
3 The Business Japanese Proficiency Test (BJT)
An Israeli friend whom I met in India when I was traveling recommended this movie
It was a release date.
It gives various services containing some online dictionaries.
And those days when it hit, were as if god was angry...
Japan should positively increase heat generated electricity.
Trains are absolutely imperative in Tokyo.
So some people were stacked in the station, just waiting for the restoration of the train.
A bad start for today, huh?
In Taiwan, people are shy, and introverted, so they need singers and fireworks with them to celebrate the new year.
On the other hand, in Vancouver, they celebrate without fireworks and singers; they always go to clubs and pubs to celebrate.
Today's weather forecast was rainy.
I am planning to go there soon.
They say that an another huge earthquake, which might be as big as yesterday's or even bigger, will be coming in the next week.
I think I have to read the book carefully.
A freind of mine was surprised my unexpected gift.
I hate Natto (it is Japanese food).
I am really waiting.....
Congratulations!!
Learning Deutsch (or German) is so difficult.
Can anyone help me? Vielen Dank!
I want to pass an exam of level 4. please give me help ~ ~
In our schedule, we had to give a speech and take a small test.
SO it is very lucky! I will enjoy today.
I didn't eat much of my favorites because I was afraid of getting a stomachache as I did yesterday.
according to the public report, electrical tools are getting more popularity in daily life.
Now most people use electrical lamp instead of candles, digital camera instead of foolproof camera and computer printing instead of hand writing,
As the years past by, though some electronics have become the most important part of our life, we cannot imagine what our life would be if there is no electrical, so people call the new century as digital age.
In the digital age, maybe someone cannot realize it clearly, but without the computer, without the TV, without the phone, what would our life be?
we have gotten used to the convenient life by electrical tool, we use the computer to search for information, because books are to heavy to find a little information, we use the TV to watch all kinds of program, because we cannot travel around the world, we use the phone to get touch with friends and parents, because we are far away from them.
It was a little funny because we were riding on a really strange road because my boyfriend didn't want to go on motorway because it is dangerous.
But sometimes the road was very uncomfortable.
CONGRATULATIONS ~
maternity leave
The icy and slippery roads were dangerous.
Someone said ``a teacher has authority because the teacher can educate not only school subjects but also the ways of life.``
I still have (a) headache even if I took medicine.
But how come the Starbucks stores I go to always have many customers?
I bought a Starbucks grande coffee and made coffee at home too.
Actually it feels good.
One of my friends joined a photography club..
The actor who played George Havey, Stanly Tuccci was very good.
I respect her behaviour.
In honour of her greatness, I'd like to share her most famous song ``True Colors`` with you!
Generally speaking, old people have weak backs.
just they are doing the best for their own purpose.
I know I need to be confident and patient when learning other language.
I am usually cheerful after sleeping.
Anyway tomorrow is Friday.
I'm usually not into soccer.
I was there from the Belarus Republic in my Hetalia costume. I love her so much, she is such an abnormal girl =D
Various holidays are lined up.
In Korea, there are 24 hour Fitness Centres.
I went to cram school this morning, and eight hours a day exhausts me, but I have to finish economics and statistics courses during my summer vacation.
We have to study English very well> Who can help me? If you can, please add me as a friend!
I have to do reading assignments for classes and preparation for study circle today.
I think that is NOT because the movie is not interesting, but rather because my expectations is too high.
She is going to have the baby in October.
But I can't believe that she'll have a baby at such an early age.
I don't have any cavicity, but my teeth are poorly aligned.
She didn't give the baby vitamin K to prevent haemoraging.
(In this case, haemoraging was easy to predict (in the baby).)
Yesterday I wrote in my diary that I was bitten by ants in the park.
If you have an interest in me, pleaes get frinedly with me!
By the way, I look for my new job, because I will work for an interior design company as a salesman.
I went to other countries, to Italy, Turky and Indonesia.
Also, one of my friends wrote on mixi, ``I want to go to Snow festival, but if I look around thoroughly it is too cold, so I want to go there briefly.
I need to train to drink, to be strong, so I can enjoy drinking with my friends and colleagues.
McCain is trying hard to reverse it.
I have been studying English for many years, but I am not good at writing English.
To improve my writing English, I joined Lang-8 today.
From today, I will introduce my favourite thing in Japan.
It is very impressive to me..
Today I read a article about that how you improve your language skills.
I believe that someday, I will be able to express myself fluently in English.
She laughed.
'Silence is golden' Whatever you are, it is the common sense rooted into our mind.
Ironically, in my experience, being silent always guides me to failure.
Sometimes silence can be equal to being non-active.
I've gone out many times recently so today I was planing to saty in my house all day.
In this summer, I had a opportunity to speak with African-American, but I could not understand what he was saying.
I've been thinking recently that English ability is how well you understand all English.
At the beginning, he seems like a stupid boy, but actually he is very intelligent-he is a genius!
The Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare advised patients to stay at home if their symptoms are mild.
This morning, her temperature went down to 37. 3C and she seemed to feel fine. She was running around and playing.
Japanese Nationality# 2
Most Japanese are not religious, but their attitudes reflect their culture or nationality.
For example, in Antarctica, which has incredible views of landscapes of ice, the ecosystem has been affected as a result of tourism.
To get there a simple traveler emits 4. 5 tonnes of CO2 (carbon dioxide), which is an impressive amount of pollution.
Today, tourism is in a crisis as a result of the economic crisis, but we must not forget touristic activities that include the preservation of the environment.
Therefore there are places which include both activities: tourism and environmental care.
I always ask myself what I learned here and if I lived up to my expectations.
I like studying.
My husband always says I should study English!!!
Anna did not really complain that she was a doner child, or that she was not the beloved one.
No matter how much she suffered for rescuing her sister Kate, she just accepted it without a word, until Kate wanted to die.
The first is I want to read web pages which are in English.
I want to go to the ritzy restaurant.
In that restaurant there are busboys.
Also, I always nibble on food like pizza, hamburgers and spaghetti.
Yesterday, I saw a man who was good looking.
I went to school to submit my English report.:)
A few days ago my son had a doctor's appointment.
I thought the doctor let them in before our appointment.
I left my son in the doctor's office and waited outside. (More natural.)
For example, HAL in ``2001: A Space Odyssey`` and Doraemon or Tetsuwan Atom (Astro Boy), show the characteristics.
Uh.... I don't know whether Westerners tend to think like that, but I can say that Japanese have a close affinity with Doraemon and Tetsuwan Atom (Astro Boy).
Although, the experiments were not totally complicated and could be found in books, it gave us the chances to improve our manipulative ablilties.
I was doubting myself whether I was fit to do scientific research for I always made mistakes whenever I did experiments which could be prevented and not occur to others.
But lack of sleep might cause some obstacles to today's schedule.
A Japanese novel
I think that it is too difficult for a foreigner to read (in Japanese).
I wish I could help her because I am happy when a foreigner can read a Japanese novel.
Although there are many organizations that evaluate which city is the most livable around the world, one of them says that Vancouver is the most livable city in the world.
The city of Vancouver got first place of the ranking for multiple consecutive years but I don't think so.
I have almost lived in Vancouver for 2 years but I don't think this is the most livable city in the world.
Who the hell is thinking this city is the most livable city!?
I think they need to add the sentence ``For rich people`` before ``The most livable city``
I think these topics are too difficult to be written about by me.
In today's education-obsessed society, more and more parents encourage/ push/ force
Because compulsory education negatively affects children
To begin with, living in modern society, foreign language skills have become a necessary subject, In fact, noteworthy international companies are looking for talented people who are good at speaking their respective languages.
It would have a negative effect on them as a whole.
The acquisition of/ development of foreign language skills is not the only ideal way for their future.
Children are apt to concentrate on what they are intersted in.
if their aptitudes are discovered, it might provoke positive result widespread.
In conclusion, although the global arena has led to the pressure to master a foreign language skill, in my opinion, however, there are an infinitude of potential in children; parents should find their ability in all aspects.
As more and more people stay healthy until they are into their seventies, some people argue that the mandatory retirement age should be abolished. Others argue that if the elderly do not retire, there will be fewer job opportunities at the top for capable younger people. Discuss both positions and indicate which side you agree with and why.
I didn't exercise for two months after graduating from my university.
I always played online game or surfed the internet.
Today it's raining.
Each life event may affect our mood temporarily, but soon we adapt the situation and come back to normal.
She said, ``It's very cold outside. Why don't you borrow your uncle's socks?``
I went to Kariya and ate shrimp with rice for lunch.
Then, for dinner, I went to Kasadera and ate ramen.
Incidentally, are foreign entrance examinations hard?
I can no longer have routine conversations with him.
I met him on the first day of university.
North Korea and South Korea are divided by theImjin River
My compliments for the blog, I accidentally discovered it reading an article on ``Times-online``, it is very interesting and provocative.
In my opinion teachers are so important for society, they ``create`` the citizens of the future, a good scholastic system makes good citizens, good citizens are better electors, better electors realize a better government.
Thank you for your blog I'm going to become a regular reader and excuse me TEACHER for my bad english I've been seriously studying it for three months.
Finally, I find how fascinating getting into the movie story!????
Now, I have been learning them systematically for about four months.
I learn English conversation by listening to news..
Of course, it's a very common operation but when it happening to me, it's much more dramatic.
And then, I also hate the hospital: before I see a doctor, I feel good, after that I've seen him/ her, I have problems.
We were worried about him and also, we couldn't feel relaxed when a man was lying in front of our houses.
Sheldon is impressive and idiosyncratic.
As we all know that economic crisis has a great effect on different industry.
I don not care about any difficulties, I will try my best to another job.
She said she has been very happy with classmates every day for one year.
At first, we thought everything was okay and that there was nothing better than that.
If a program has sexual or violent content, we indicate it with an 18 sign on the screen which means that only people over eighteen years old can watch it.
(Usually, Korean programs indicated over 18 aren't even very strong.) I don't know if sensational programs have big effect on people and kids but I'm curious if there are any reactions to those kind of programs.
Today is August third, when I finished my studying for my cream
I was happy because it hasn't rained for two or three months in Taiwan.
Yesterday I saw a movie called ``Obsessed.``
But the woman didn't give up, so the woman tried everything she could
do to try to attract the man.
What is better answer I can say if someone ask me to help?
``He's Not That Into You`` is a very interesting movie.
It's a korean soap opera
I will be very happy to see my friends.
These days, I have had a violent cough that makes it impossible to sleep or talk.
A doctor told me that it seems like asthma, but the problem is that the pill the doctor prescribed doesn't work at all.
Except for speaking, I can practice English with tools such as podcasts, smart. fm, and blogging in English.
The day of the dead or alive test is coming soon on 21st of this month, so I'm striving to get high score on the test every night.
because I want to improve my english
However, in the middle of development, NEOREX noticed that the words ``Lifelog`` and ``Lifehach`` were becoming popular and more and more people were interested in recording their activities and making their lives better with ideas and tools.
Normally $ 20 a week for each person is the regular price.
I trusted him, so I said, ``Yes, it's okay``.
I said, ``It's okay.
And T knew that the Czech man had to leave regardless.
Everyone who registers onthis site would like to practise and need peopleothersto correct their writing skills.
Since I am not a native speaker ofEnglish who is familiar with writing in English,
So I conclude that my learning process is enabled by others who help correct my mistakes, especially better writers who make brilliant helpers.
Yesterday, I went to the ONSEN near my home.
Luckily, the wine, pizza, pasta and salad was tasty enough to make me happy.
Pega went home by flying on 'Kintoun', which is a special cloud in the sky.
I have nothing else to do so I my laptop on and am checking lang-8 site now.
His owner said that he wanted a dog with a perfect pattern.
For example the black pattern around eyes must to be symmetry.
Maybe this is the reason why I sometimes lose myself in the TV shows.
Nice to meet people all aver the world reading my diary. Thanks for reading it.
I've decided today that I will alternate between English and French in my diary.
So I choose this picture which was taken at Fushimi Inari Shrine famous for the thousands of Torii in Kyoto 2010. 12. 31.
I'm going to tell you about my 3days and 2nights travel in Kyoto in my next diary in French.
Wednesday is a special day within the week.
I wonder how foreign people think about the system.
My computer was infected by different kinds of virus.
I still wore a thin T-shirt for running.
People spent their time freely and easily, things looked to become more expensive.
Though it was not the same, the atmosphere and festivities called me back to the Japanese
I am always suprised when someone who studies Japanese knows alot about Japanese culture and history
On February, I'll go to America.
I learned a lot of English from them.
I have never been to Indonesia, so I don't actually know about Indonesia.
I caught a cold again.
But I couldn't say anything back to him, because of my poor English ability.
I decided to improve my English to the level where I can argue back.
I got the information for this wonderful site from another website.
I hope to speak English to communicate all over the world.
``Perrier`` in French is much better than ``SAN PELLEGRINO`` I think.
I did not know this before, and I usually drink Morrisons 'banana flavoured milk.
ASDA's banana flavoured milk is good and the banana taste is stronger than milk.
Five minute English
to begin
So today we'll go there together.
I'm glad to drink a delicious beer, but I'm nervous in this situation.
I hope our conversation is fine.
First of all, regardless of living in the global world, we still cannot stop wars and most countries still have weapons.
Although human's life-span is longer than ever before, we have to combat disease which could kill human and animals.
And around 22: 50 of yesterday, he came home with a small capsule.
From today's morning, researchers are searching his capsule.
The most beneficial change I can think of would be to the equipment used to connect to the internet, so that both students and teachers could connect to the wireless internet service anywhere in the university.
In addition, if the university had the wireless internet connection service in all areas, students and teachers could access the web whenever they wanted. Such a service would help them to study with the latest information for their research/ on the topics of their research.
Therefore, I had to follow the new information every day for my research and I had to go to the computer center to access it online.
With the wireless internet connection, I could make my research in the library, which was much more efficient for doing my work.
If I were a university student or teacher now, I would certainly propose to introduce the wireless internet service in the school, which would have a huge benefit for the students and teachers.
I will use Lang-8 to improve my English and write daily.
A new person is coming.
However, when we are playing tennis, I would like them to concentrate on it.
I have been feeling cold from Sunday morning.
There are so many things I would like to write about!
I am starting to write this diary, because I'd like to go to university in America.
Vietnamese generally drive motorcycles.
I made Vietnamese friends, who showed us famous restaurants and markets in the city.
My impression of speaking English.
This is the first time that I join in Lang-8. I am a international student in Singpore, although I am poor at english... but I want to improve my english, I am also a easy going person.... So give me message if u want make friend with me. and welcome everyone to revise. Thanks ~!!
It is not until they blooms that I can feel spring.
I am asking with myself. I need to improve my Japanese, but I dont know what should I do...
Can anyone show me a site or books, for download, to learn japanese grammar? Onegaishimasu.
I want to get started from the begginng, grammar for 10 years old japanese kid. I think I can start for:)
I'm starting to think in different way and I'm trying to understand the foreigners 'thinking.
It is very difficult.
But BBC also mentioned if Japanese government stopped using all nuclear plants, electricity would not be sufficient in Japan.
However, after I heard his comments via BBC, I felt that his comments would be a second disaster.
Because I had to wonder that nobody would trust such a prime minister who has no practical ideas of electricity supply instead of using nuclear plants.
5, street smart: smart at living or especially at social skills
is an engineer.
7, Governor: the leader of one state
9, primitive: natural
At first, I became a member of ``rarejob`` services in the Phillipines.
There were many regular characters (maybe few too many) in the show, so I didn't see different sides of characters in the first season.
I celebated for the new year with some friends in a club.
There were many memories for me in 2008, but there will be more challenges and opportunities that I need to seize in my life or study.
The year 2008 was a special year for every Chinese.
We all experienced the Beijing Olympics that the whole nation celebrated, but the tragedy of the earthquake made everyone heavy-hearted.
Everybody tried their best.
I found it's calories on the back of package.
So I can't eat it over one piece per day.
A Diligent Policeman
They sell many kinds of merchandise: foods, drinks, snacks, magazines, sundries.)
I was very perplexed but I managed to explain my innocence.
Anyway, I'm fine here. I work at a healthcare related company nowadays.
I took part in the Automotive Service Equipment Fair a few days ago.
I went to Beijing's Tienanmen Square on the 16th.
He was an elite student and I feel very sorry because I was a little bit jealous of him.
He was an angel to bring many MP3s to give them to many Tanzanian children.
Because his major was architecture, he made the blueprints to build some buildings.
My snowboarding trip was postponed until next month due to my car's problem.
I was supposed to buy an automotive chain by the day of the trip but I could not.
I am little bit tired and feel like I have just come back from a long journey or something ^ ^ but I think I really did enjoyed her staying at my house!
The policy seems to be quite unique because Bhutan's goverment says that they measure their development by national hapiness although most countries measure their development by economic growth.
I have a lot of time to correct entries today.
What happened???
I haven't written for a long time.
I live in Ulsan which is a metropolitan city in Korea.
I am pleased when I can hear their singing.
However, I was just lazy temporarily.
I thought that when I study something, learn something, get some skill and then, accumulating anything that I have got today in my body just like deposit.
Everything that I do is recorded and it's going to accumulate in my body.
Of course it's just a wonderful place for photography.
But finally, I still believe tomorrow is another day, everything will be better.
If somebody corrected my last diary, I will make friends with them.
The stand seats are expensive and people can see only the instant the car is passing in front of them.
I'm studying Infomation Techology.
because I have an exam in October!
German is a little hard for me, 'cause there is a strange sound made by the tongue.
I think I need to introduce myself first
but, unfortunately I couldnt get a job with tattooing
but, I wont give up yet
and I hope u guys also keep trying and keep working hard
Today, I had the part-time job of helping a professional camera operator at a wedding reception.
He has friends who are
16 years ago, I went to America, England and Korea:-0 But I can `t speak English.
Someday I think I could speak in English.
I couldn't get out of bed immediately.
They say that they grew confident in their entrepreneurial skills.
I studied english in school 6 years ago and now I'm trying to learn it on my own.
She can't walk now, but I think she'll be able to walk soon.
I like a famous painter, Salvadole, Dali so I would like to visit and see scenery in Spain.
In America, I would like to visit the Grand Canyon.
My first Diary. Check please!
! Hello!
I had dinner with my friend at an Italian restaurant.
Firstly, there are a lot of shops, department stores, restaurants.
It seemed I had no idea what time it was when I was writing or reading the articles.
It's a nice. hot sentence to listen to.
I think I could listen to this everyday and to be however heated.-> (?)
Because interesting contents attract my focus.
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN SENIOR AND COLLEGE 'S EDUCATION IN CHINA
We have a lot to consider after watching it.
Of course I care about the thing ``there is no need to be egotistical with each other.``
In addition, he said to me, ``You're my best friend... as far as today,`` He always adds bad words on the end to hide his embarrassment. I was so touched when I heard his words, because I couldn't see how he felt about me these days.
I always wanted to hear his true feelings whether they are good thing or not.
He has been a fugitive from the police for two and a half years and was hiding in my
Once I got up and got out of my bed, I heard a sound that my mom apparently made behind the door, so I decided to go back to bed again. I knew that if I went outside and tried to take a shower, I wouldn't be able to because it was obviously what my mom was about to do.
today is international lefthanders day, I am lefthanded, so it is my day too!
The merit of living Hiratsuka is that we can enjoy our beach all season.
so we can enjoy a stretch, talking, sunbathing and beach vollyball all season.
That's very useless for regional economy.
I want a nice cafe or Italian bar in Hiratsuka Beach Park.
There is a lot of places in the park.
The Denny's near the beach is the only restaurant and cafe where we can enjoy a view of the beach.
I want the mayor of Hiratsuka city to think about that. + mei-yor +
I had planed to visit my city's Strawberry Festival with some friends weeks ago.
I was touched!
and sometimes there are some chicken bones without meat on the bus.
Because Kawasaki city and Hachiohji is unbearably cold in recent days.
I sent a text message the day before yesterday, but you didn't reply.
I didn't know when you texted me.
for just being in the election.
And plus I won 4 times in a row!!!
hello!
I'm looking forward for your message:)
Which sentence is grammartically correct?
I have confidence that I can live anywhere in the world.
Yesterday, I was involved in canvassing for a candidate for the city council who our company supports.
Anyway my coworker and I were visiting a home with a ton of fliers and cards already, and anyway we did not his policy or manifesto at all.
I felt like a salesperson visiting to the door.
Our clothes and fliers were all soaking wet.
Because the average speed was too high for me.
Oh, tomorrow, these successive holidays will finally be over.
I found something changed. Every time I open a new page, a window pops up, and wants me to the set time zone where. So I set it up, but when I open a new page or update the page, it pops up again.
Competition project_ 03
My daughter stayed at Grandpa's house alone for the first time.
I was surprised because she didn't sleep well when we separated but she did last night.
I will give a birth this april so she is preparing to be sister.
There are a lot of tourists from various countries in Japan.
I have no special plan during vacation; I will go home to be together with my parents.
Besides, on Oct. 15th, our college will have a celebration for its 80th anniversary. I'm very lucky I can witness this important event and I'm also very honored to be a volunteer for the anniversary!
She had no interest with computers before.
I also remember the wonderful decorations on every house in Australia.
Both of us had been involved in their project before their debut, so we often talked on the phone at that time.
I haven't seen them since I left the company, but I heard some of them started to manage their own work in Tokyo after all.
I'm looking forward to meeting them as I expect that the meeting should be inspiring...
There was a severe typhoon last night, worse than I thought.
I saw broken umbrellas everywhere.
Finally the trains resumed service but there was way too much traffic.
I recommend two songs, ``Genie`` and ``Hoot``.
I was born in a little town. Its name is Velikie Luki, and though it's a very old town, it isn't very interesting.
And while architecture in Velikie Luki isn't attractive, I like this town all the same because I was born and grew up there.
I think that it `s important to study hard and have hard time a lot when we` re young.
Because I want to graduate with an average point of 4. 0 (Maximum points you can get is 4. 5)
As I wrote the day before yesterday, my university's rugby club had a match yesterday.
It was delicious.
Last week I took a few orders.
But we should never give up.
On Saturday afternoon I read a book called 'The Golden Rules'.
Next year will mean a lot to me, as I will have been studying flute for 10 years. ^ ^
I can know about the culture of different countries and know more friends.
I am studying English with some textbooks.
These sites are for Japanese who are studying English.
Sometimes Internet sites are very useful in our lives.
Do you have a favorite page?
I felt bad, I think she should answer it one time and tell me that she doesn't want to talk at that moment.
I feel better now, and I can forget it because I wrote my complaint here.
I'm a little surprised, because it's the most special way I've ever seen (for me at least) to learn languages.
To be honest, I've been studying English for 7 years, but I'm still not too/ very good at it.
After (I had) (a quick) lunch at a Thai restaurant, I went to see the movie.
The weather reminds me of the soon coming rainy season in Taiwan, and also of my allergic rhinitis.> <
When the rainy season comes, normally starting in May or June, and lasting through September, it sometimes rains cats and dogs.
Although the excessive rain can be catastrophic, such as a flood, the fact is that the rainy season accounts for the majority of precipitation in Taiwan.
Overall speaking, I do not like too much rain or too many rainy days. I am afaid to smell a mildew odor in my closet.
On friday I went to my friend's birthday party at shevron renaissance. After that I went to the fiddelers bar.
I've been hearing (not listening, I've even been reading another book) the audio book of Harry Potter and Sorcerer's Stone these days.
I enjoyed the rhythm of the reader's voice.
We looked like a pair of moving snowmen.
My first English diary has not been corrected, I do not know the reason.
Good morning.
I'm very excited, because I have just gotten a microphone to use for Skype.
Today is Saturday, so I will stay up late.
As I have a stiff shoulder, I welcome this approach, as it means that we don't have to
My exhibition will start on November 21st.
The last half, I got breathless in the family background and the shocking ending.
My close friend is a yoga teacher and her studio had to move to the other place this month because of the destruction of the building.
I received an email from a woman.
Usually, they are talking about his fantastic dance and song performances, everybody says ``he was the super-star``.
I mean, I am so disappointed the way they report.
Why they can say that he is a great star who they criticized cruelly the day before.
He explained how to use mineral foundation.
After three hours of simmmering, however, everything changed.
We don't have opportunities to express ourselves in English.
And I will save money for studying abroad.
They were very successful cookies.
I chose the conservative treatment and
Exchanging favourite things
Before today's lesson began, he told me some of his favourite artists such as Muse, Snow Patrol and David Bowie and he asked me to introduse some Japanese animation series that I would recommend.
Although I have been studying English for five years,
It's my first time going to America, and I'm really a beginner at speaking English.
I've a very important test in english soon and I also want to definitely speak english!!!
I thought it means, ``make a money or deposit money``
Some Japanese companies are employing Japanese bilinguals, but they sometimesgive rise to big trouble among their Japanese co-workers, because of their behavior and skills.
Today I have an examination in class writing
The teacher told us write to three paragraghs applying the organizational patterns by developing time and space order, process description and exemplification and divination.
I would like to write about Eid.
All Muslims celebrate in Eid because Ramadan is finished.
It is just for Muslims. Eid is just 3 days and Muslims cannot fast in this 3 days because it is not allowed in Islam.
Another western superstition is the numbers of cries of a cuckcoo bird being heard is reportedly said to be equal to the number of years of it being alive.
As you know, we had to prepare for the national scholastic achievement examination for university entrance.
First picture.
-I was curious to see if that could really happen.
Today, I went to Yamanashi to visit my relative's grave with my mother.
English, I always make mistake a subject and a tense.
Today, I investigated Adobe BlazeDS in the office.
It's been a long time since I've written dairy here again.
Oh, I really hate this course.
It's maybe the sickest course I have ever done. It's about useless and complex theories.
So, I have to deal with day by day, which you can imagine how terrible this feeling can be, uhm? when you try to study something that you completely have no interest in, it's worth nothing. OK, I just want to pass the exam, so I don't have to study this course in the next term again! But thank god! I hope I will pass it, and I hope my classmates will pass it too. What nice news, isn't it? However, there is some bad news. Unluckily, one of my roommates did not pass the exam, so the only thing I can do now is to hope that he will be fine in the next term.
I will have almost 5/ five exams to take, including history, philosophy, the theory of spreading, modern Chinese literature and ancient Chinese literature.
Oh, Satan is going to kill me. The only thing to do is to deal with it and be confident that I can achieve this and find a good job in the future.
This book is comprised of only English questions!!
(or 'My one word can exert a favorable influence upon the students.' what is better?? This is better
My hobby is to watch movies. Recently I watched ``Avatar``.
This movie is very good.
I went to an Italian restaurant to drink Beaujolais nouveau on November 18th.
Maybe that's why I couldn't spell in Japanese until I had watched so much anime... (I'm joking).
A fresh, ankle-deep layer of snow has fallen over the night and I can look forward to a good hour of shoveling before I can even dream of getting the car out and going to work.
Some of them fight against others who have different religions because of their firm beliefes.
I think since Australia has huge amounts of natural resources, Australians can lead a good life.
Miners have to work with danger and may be dirty but they are supporting Australia, so I respect them.
The following email is the the most difficult one I've ever written.
When I get something at the mall,
There is a beautiful park center of residential state area in my city.
I like to critize restaurants about their food, services and atmosphere with my friends.
I am very interested in it, so I love HANAMI which is an event where people eat and drink under the cherry blossoms.
Hi everyone!
I had a meeting from three o 'clock until six o' clock.
But here in Japan, all TV companies hesitate to do so.
I am striving to get a good score, reading english novels, watching American sitcom for listening practice, learning by heart the important words and sentences.
You just complain to yourself or to someone else, to soothe your own feelings.
It was a good chance to exchange opinions and information about the evaluation of quality in health care services.
I watched the TV coverage of the golf competition ``Masters`` that is held in Augusta over 4 days, from yesterday until 3 days from today.
I turned on the on-board wireless adaptor.
I really like learning English, but sometimes I still want to think in Japanese in my daily life. Sometimes I'm tired; so that is why I haven't posted a journal for a week.
There wouldn't be a lot of things I can do for them unless I am a doctor.
Luckily, I have a tutor.
The first picture is my partner and me, The one on the left is me.
but It includes poison.
Saint Lolita project
started a project named ``Saint Lolita``
I'm really excited!
I was able to see a lot of music artists and I enjoyed their live music.
It was so palatable that I did not notice when I became really full.
Eating slowly makes the feeling of hunger disappear earlier than normal.
I did not abide by the rule, I just pigged out, and now I feel stuffed and somewhat drowsy.
In less than 2 hours I am going to McDonalds to meet friends.
Since I ate so much I decided not to eat there.
I feel like I had such a heavy burden to speak in english.
And I sense that feeling, when listening to a favorite song.
Today my vocabulary test was returned to me.
I do not know how to study:. (
However, no matter what economic situation in the world, people still get sick from time to time.
In a word, nursing is really a practical and helpful subject although it takes a lot of hard work and time to become a professional health care provider. The hard work would pay off one day.
The story was about a man and a woman controlled by a FBI computer.
Recently I was busy, so I couldn't write my diary in English.
I had to change my money by purchasing something at a convinience store.
He recommended this website for learning English.
So, I tryed it tonight.
I'm looking forward to enjoying this website.
Marshmallow (which correction thing)
If you take a bite of a marshmallow, you know that you'll put on weight and get ulcers in your mouth.
I went to a gynecologist today.
and I had kept the last 2 kits until yesterday for my less relaxing times.
The pointer is powerful, and gives another world to the developer to create in the abstract process.
It's because I want to improve my pronunciation.
However, I don't know if my pronunciation is OK, or not.
If I were asked to tell the most exciting story ever happened to me-I would definitely tell this one.
The officer ordered me to follow him to the safe area of the motorway.
After the train had gone, I called out to the shocked officer that I was OK, and continued to run along the train tracks to the Commonwealth Avenue where I had my interview arranged with employer.
If I tell this to my friends or co-workers, some heartless person might hurt me.
Then, we saw illuminations.
I went to a photo studio, because I needed some identification photographs.
It had good price and quality.
It seems like a good way for women to get rid of stress.
My class start at 8: 50 from Monday to Friday.
Recently I want to go snowboarding.
Sometimes I need to anounce my daily plan, in order to remind myself to finish it on time.
I hope I can return your help in the future.
Today I read that Japanese law mentioned that a nuclear operator has to keep general public's radiation exposure below 1mSv/ year.
I think it is reasonable because ICRP also said that general public's radiation exposure has to be kept below 1mSv/ year.
I think it is too high, especially for children because they are more sensitive than adults to radiation exposure.
So I hope that the Japanese government will decide to lower the level under 1mSv at once.
Some researchers, on the other hand, have come to realize extreme strictness doesn't work well.
Probably because he knew that I'm not good at speaking English and it seemed that he didn't want to talk with me.
When I read and listen to English, there are often the times where I don't understand the whole meaning of the sentence even if I know all the words.
Probably it's because English word order and grammar are different from Japanese.
It's because the words are too difficult or the pronunciation was not clear or too fast as is often seen in comedy.
I haven't written a diary entry recently....
instead last night I had fight with my parents.
however, this morning my mom called me. but I had to cut off the phone... and then I began to cry.... I couldn't control it.... I know how weak I am....
I think it might have been down if my friend had not been there
we talked an hour... I think we enjoyed the time together...
When she was a baby, she had a serious febrile disease.
I get up at half past five, and I go to the square.
DPJ won a historic victory.
This is not traditional day but it is like a type of event.
I have heard that& nbsp; ninety percent of the company's total revenue comes from this day.
Can you tell me the difference between ``can`` and ``be able to``?
What is the difference of their meaning?
My goal is running10 kilometres in one hour.
The Japanese language entirely depends on context and situation, and it is less clear than European languages.
However, Japanese people should not change their language into something like a European language, which states everything clearly, because it is part of the Japanese culture.
Instead, Japanese people should try to make foreign people understand the Japanese language.
At the same time, they should make opportunities for foreign people to learn Japanese, and encourage its use.
But one day, the National Tax Agency came to his two apartments, his offices, and the establishments which he owns, at once.
The next day as well. Finally, it was almost the next month's payday and I still couldn't get my salary.
Then he said, ``Are you saying' When poverty comes through the door, love flies out at the window. ', right?
While he was snoring loudly, I thought about what he said.
I am at a university in Kyoto, Japan.
I am afraid of him, so I told him ``I met an expectant mother, and she fell over an overpass, so I helped her.
Therefore I brought her to a hospital, so I was late for class ``.
because the teacher explained it clearly.
It makes my body stretch, and my mind release.
You will be soothed if you walk on the gravel path to the sacred places, while breathing in the fresh air generated by the woods.
My husband, mother-in-law, son, daughter, and me.
I woke up at 8 (?) as usual.
The winter is the coldest season of the year.
It starts on December 21st and ends on March 20th in countries north of the equator.
when I received my friend's e-mail, I was thrilled!!
I thought I had a high tolerance for alcohol, but I found that I don't.
It is thought that the earthquake has provoked a lot of fault dislocation, so we could be hit by massive earthquakes more and more.
My Chinese English teacher told me ``To think is similar to consider.``
There are two types of people, who do not eat meat; vegans (they do not eat any food, which includes all food from animals/ eggs and there are vegetarians, they do not eat meat.
After they grow up, my grandfather kill's them for their meat.
By the way, this time interval is an interval of sampling that we called ``reaction tracing``.
We met each other in the back of a pachinko parlor at 5: 20 pm.
Don't focus on their bad points, so that you can have many good friends.
I'm a Japanese girl that is learning English at the Kansai Gaidai university.
I understand you should use present tense in a adverb clause even when you refer to the future.
A new resolution is here: improve my English and start learning Japanese (but, first I need a book, so it's not for the moment..).
I've been with them for 4 years. They are 13-14 years old, and now we are facing our toughest challenge so far.
I'm impressed how it effectst the movie. It may sound just simple at first but actually I think it really is complex, well-organized and expresses exactly what must have been explained.
A black car started to move when the traffic light changed to green.
The driver opened the window, and began to throw empty cans which didn't hit me.
My home town was just across from the shore, so I was very familiar with the town.
When we crossed the bridge, there was a big intersection, the traffic light was green.
If I had been caught, I would have been killed or beaten up by them.
So at the moment, my driving technic was slightly better than Nicolas Terol's (Moto GP driver).
It was a very dangerous car chase.
And then, the stupid gangsters came, but I already was inside the site.
I guess Chinese people put more importance on food than any other nation. Confucius said that ``eating is a great happiness.`` Maybe this is because of the long history and tradition of China.
Chinese cuisine is amazing! Firstly, Chinese food is healthy. Look at the people here. Most people are really slim:) because there are more vegetables than meat in Chinese dishes.
Secondly, Chinese food is very tasty. We have four rules on good food: ``colour, flavour, appearance, and taste.`` Chinese food has the most variety. It's very easy to satisfy your taste buds, and you will be addicted to its amazing taste even though you may have no idea of what exactly you are eating.
The seasoning of the materials in Chinese food is super important. Only the right materials can make delicious Chinese dishes. I like cooked food. It's safer and healthier and also nutritious.
I think the reason why he knows many dirty japanese words is his japanese friend.
He influences a lot of foreign students.
So we went Shinagawa station first.
Next, we called the aquarium and asked where it is.
[Diary] Macaroon
I didn't know that the macaroons are very colorful and cute.
I was so glad to talk to them.
I need strength.
This morning I fought with my younger brother.
When mom asked him to turn down the computer game sound, he got very angry and yelled at her.
After that, he threw his mini computer because of his anger (We are not rich enough to throw mini computer.
He thought I couldn't/ wouldn't really throw away his computer because it was too expensive to throw away.
But I didn't care about such a stupid threat.
If I had strength, I didn't have to shuddle like before.
I want strength, I need strength.
Especially my daughter is really looking forward to seeing thehouse of wax
the house of wax, it says there are some wax dolls which portray the '' The Last Supper ``by Leonardo da Vinci.
We will have military training for two weeks, how can I get through those days?
I plan to set my telephone to wake me up tomorrow.
At work today I was confused a lot and I had a headache, I could not think a lot (either), maybe because I slept late.
Today's menu was tuna sandwich and milk tea.
I'm looking forward to going to the cafe every Tuesday.
Nevertheless, as you can see, my English abilitycould still use one word to describe itself.
Tonight, I take my first step to restart studying English on this Lang-8!!
Two or three years ago, I tried to learn English since I needed it in my job to communicate with my colleagues abroad.
Tonight, I found this Lang-8 site, and I decided to restart my challenge: learning English!
Cygwin Installer Disaster
Do you ever have the same feeling? Would you like to tell me?
Not because of lonelliness, but so I get the opportunity to do anything.
I hope my dream will come true soon.
east-southwest of Taiwan.
Have a nice day!!!
Yesterday, she was inoculated for the first time.
Americans, Vietnamese, Filipinos,
Japanese and Canadians etc...
It's still difficult for me to hear the speaking at ordinary speed
Because of personal problems, I disappeared from this family for a long time.
for example, I applied to join 'Skye', but it requires that we must do face to face communication.
Before this journey, we had never visit any foreign counties other than Guam and the Philippines.
So it is difficult concentrate.
Right now it's fine, but in the summer, it seems that electric power companies will be not able to supply enough electricity.
I always set my laptop in front of me, and adjust the monitor so I can watch more easily.
When I watched one of TV programs, I needed to click to move to go to the next movie.
When you come to Japan and have the chance to watch a TV, you will see them absolutely.
Today is Friday. I do my work as usual, but it's so boring and then I chat in QQ.
I cannot understand why the washlet is not very popular in America when Americans care very much about cleanliness.
In fact, I heard that celebrities who visit Japan often purchase a washlet after their convenient and comfortable experience at restrooms in hotels.
I have rarely seen people carrying handcherchiefs since I came to LA.
``Japanese gamer marries Nintendo DS character.``
It appeared in a British newspaper.
Giving up some habits to prepare for the exam is acceptable for short time.
I bought some presents and gave it to my parents.
They pushed the ``send!`` botton at the same time, as soon as the train gets out of the tunnel.
I heard that there isn't a locker room when I went for my interview.
He became an Asian culture club leader this term.
My god-brother is very sweet and tender, which is why he can get along with girls so well.
This year is his last year in senior highschool.
They wanted to play different roles, such as maids, servants, and butlers in a club promotion event.
Sounds awesome as my godbrother is too shy.
I find it intresting to write a journal in English here.
I will refresh my journal as often as I can.
I just want to enjoy the beautiful scenery there.
last night, I tried again to install my computer system.
I am a computer idiot, however, actually I was successful, I installed the operating system!
so I felt very angry, because the question delayed my study!
today, I took the PET four Exam, it was terrible, from a total of one hundred I answered ten questions correctly, I have fifteen percent! oh, my lady gaga!
I estimate if I want a pass on the Sepetmber Examination it'll be very difficult!!
Though it depends on the day what kind of dishes you can find, I found Japanese, Indian, Korean, Chinese, Mexican, French, Germany and Turkish stands among many others.
That `s why people get to enjoy a glass of German beer with Turkish kebab.
And it was located in Yurakucho, the center of the down town of Tokyo, where hundreds of businessmen enjoyed their own private time after work.
It was made at a small stand of a station wagon, so it wasn `t a full-dressed one.
I want to know the result early and study for thepre-1 grade.
Today it's Monday, so I went to my school, and it was so boring because my teachers aren't flexible.
I feel very uncomfortable today.
From last week, about ten people from Los Angels have been staying at her church.
I guess that the temperature is 27 celsius, maybe.
I learned english in school, but did not have practice.
Now, I have found this interesting site.
In theTakachiho area, we found a fantastic place where
I assure you that we can live a happy life!
I wish I could have a partner who speaks Japanese or English, so that we can help each other to learn a foreign language.
If you show your photosome people may think of you as a hot person even if it
is not your true face, yet there are a lot of comments and corrections for your sentences again and again from many people.
but I had a special day on 12/ 26.
Then, I was very nervous.
Thanks to her help, Tiffany and me became friends.
The floor of my room is covered with paulownia which is often used for chests because of its absorbability of moisture.
because I have never seen it made in Europe or the US.
On rainy days like today when I come to this room and touch the floor with my foot, it is so damp because of its absorbability.
We say compliments, pretend to be good, behave like a human hiding a wild heart.
Perhaps many people unconciously lie about tiny things.
And yes, I'll join you of course.
In this situation, I definitely know their party is never held.
That means going shopping to supermarkets and groceries instead of my mother.
I can check prices and know what economy is going on, also I can meet my neighbors.
But, my English communication skill was very poor that day, so I couldn't go to stadiums and so on.
Because of that experience, I was determined to learn English.
Hi my friends. I would like to speak English well so I need your help! I am a good friend... you will know if you talk with me. I hope to find good friends!:)
I'm going to describe two photos.
She is the founder of ``CHANEL``, the famous fasion brand.
Every step in the campus is an exploration and an adventure.
I just remember a few things about last night.:D
The doctor told me that the cause of the symptoms was my warped pelvis.
At first I planned to travel with my friends, but at the last minute I copped out.
Of course except for my girlfriend.
I wonder if they are fine.
First, you might have heard of Taiwan's traditional foods like Bubble tea and Stinky tofu.
You can find them at local night markets everywhere you go.
If you know how to read early, please teach me!
But I really feel that if I want to improve my English, I [will] have to have the courage to speak with English teachers.
Learning a foreign langage is not a easy job. You need to get enough information input in your brain, then it is possible for you to output the language correctly and fluently.
Happy Birthday!
Two days ago in our country, a new actress committed suicide.
She acted as a minor character in a drama which is now broadcasting on tv and gets lots of attention from the public.
Why did she commit suicide even though she's young and beautiful or even though she's gathered so much attention through this drama.
The articles said that she had been depressed, so that might be the reason for her death.
Nowadays in our country some celebrities commited suicide suddenly and people, including me, have been surprised and shocked about it.
I like anime, so I am watching 19 animations in this season.
This number is a lot heh heh heh.
Especially if you are interested in classical music, you can enjoy it even more.
We must send our worksheets with exercises to the manager of this course.
Now I'm excited in visiting a foreign country.
The orange lights of the buildings are clear and beautiful, aren't they?
I went to see a movie with my friends.
It was very interesting for me.
She Floating from Short Program of eleventh.*
She was slump in the jump from January of Four great land championship.*
The near future of the Olympics of February,* she found a letter while she arranged fan mail after practice.
Lyman Brothers has just gone bankrupt, one month or two months ago and AIG insurrance conpany is in financial difficulty, and the United States GM has fired lots employees
My classes start at 8am and finish at 4pm.
Finally, I became a sophomore!
I don't want to prepare for recruitment.
But sometimes I lose time for speaking English by making a lot of Japanese friends.
Anyway, I want to try to use new vocabulary and practice for my writing skills.
If you know any good places, please recommend them.
I'm studying English now.
At the party, we drank a little bit and ate hamburgers.
Yes, I have some teaching experiences which I am still writing about in my journal.
Actually, teaching English conversation is a small part of my work.
I woke up at 6: 30a. m.
Because I went to bed late last night.
Most Korean students are studying hard.
So, In most people's eyes my military life was nothing more like working on a ranch, but it was a good time making another treasure in my heart.
However, it is difficult for me to develop my English skills.
Of course, I am willing to correct your writing.
Sometime I dream the similar event, I always dream that I am going down the sea and dieing, so I am afraid to swim, if my friend ask me to swim, I always refuse them
Two flavours are in it.
One was ``kinako`` (soybean flour) and the other was ``maccha`` (green tea).
Thanks! xxx
And this is a Japanese Anime.
If you read all of my entries, you probably know that I started speaking English ever since I came to Australia.
This summer I'm going to join two tournaments.
nice to meeteveryone. I am a new here, today our director told us ``leading and develop people`` I don't know how to expression my opinion. in the afternoon, our 7people went to drink, and bought two steamed bread, today I felt very happy.
There were many people and it was very hot on that day.
the food there wasn't expensive, so u can have a lot of choices.
I was amazed because the snow had thawed.
If you have a courage, you can try it.
They are elementary schoolchildren.
I will buy something to proper for cooking.
Am I A Gorilla?
At least it is relaxing, right?
No doubt, It is suitable for most youngsters and even adults. At least it is a childhood memory in people's mind.
Of course, it is not true.
Some people called Studio Ghibli to ask about this myth, Studio Ghibli responded jokingly, said 'Yeah, is true ^ o ^'.
Finally the myth seemed to busted by the declaration of Hayao Miyazaki.
We're supposed to perform ocarina at Qingdao (China) at the end of October.
You are far far away from me and you are helping me to learn English.
Life was more difficult.
It's impossible now, isn't it.
I have been playing a DS game called ``Mario and Luisi RPG2`` since last Sunday.
If I can use this concentration for my work and study, I would be a big wheel...
Yesteday I went shoping with my friends.
And we pray to reach for the help from all of the world such as Libya or Afghanistan.
I `m studying English and know it at an intermediate level.
But I got well quickly because Hawaii's temperature is very comfortable for me.
The problem with two kinds of medicine
What's more, she felt her doctor was not considerate, so I gave her advice to go to another doctor to get a second opinion.
Actually, I don't understand all the rules of american football.
However, I wanted to see how crazy american people get during the super bowl, so I dicided to go to a sports bar to watch the game and the crazy american people.
I really had good time, and I will try to watch american food ball this whole season.
I woke up in 6 o 'clock in the morning, then I got dressed and I had to hurry, because my friend and I were going to the sea, but he was late and I was waiting for him a few minutes.
I borrowed a thick book yesterday which is called Snowboarding.
I have never tried to do snowboarding.
I wanna know the real voice.
It might have been two or three months before.
I'm looking forward to picking it up. (^ ^)
I'm going to go to an Italian restaurant for dinner with my friend.
I saw it in the theaters yesterday.
This week I have a big exam.
I have not decided what should I do yet..
I'm so clumsy that it still takes me at least 10 minutes to open a can.
I am a member of the soccer club.
But there is some fun in my school life.
such as, the Fusionopolis, the Biopolis, A* STAR and some research laboratories of private companies, if we could have the chance.
The vet said he wasn't sure what the problem is.
Plus, if we find out she needs an operation, it'll cost 200000 or 300000 yen.
But I am wondering where the border is between people and pets.
I think learningabout the other country's language where I want to travel is good manners.
because I have to roll my tongue.
I'm Korean so I'm interested in neighboring countries
I just want to speak many languages for conversation with foreigners.
I think the story is like most Asian people.
Work is their life.
On Saturday night I'll have a dinner party with a piano.
I'm looking forward to the day, and I try to practice playing the piano hard.
I am a system engineer in system integration part of my company.
Today is a rainy day
I come from Taiwan, nice to meet you. Today it is raining in
It is a very tough sport, but it is very good exercise for me.
So, I went to STD, and after that I went to Whittard-a tea shop, then I bought a tea pot and creamer as a souvenior:D because it was on sale!
The Youngsters in China
Therefore, they become ignorant to the feelings of others, but it doesn't imply that youngsters are no longer sympathetic or helpful.
As for me, being one of the youngsters, I tend to hold the opinion that the youth are the same as the former generation.
People, especially among youngsters, tend to do something by himself, rather than with a group.
Furthermore, youngsters are not unsympathetic because, on the contrary, we are full of sympathy.
We remembered the dead people, sympathized with the homeless children, and honored the army.
I often can't help crying because of all your great support for Japan.
I would like to tell you what happens around me.
I may find something interesting to write down.
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the service that I received at your establishment.
I suggest you employ someone who is more skilled and has a better personality so that your customers time is not wasted.
the reasonwas toparticipate in a conference!
I liked my country, but then I liked another country.
One of my friends asked me before that you don't like Japan, because most of Japanese go outside because they don't like Japan.
It is because of my country's system I feel.
And I know that I am curious about all things it doesn't matter about my country or others.
I was happy because we talk about each other.
And I touched hamster.
Sooner or later a massive earthquake will occur in Tokai quite near the plant.
I really experienced numerous things therein those two weeks, four months.
Unfortunately this kind of incidents happen every summer.
Third, their wages are cheap.
To end these problems, parents should stay with their children until they are old enough to understand the risks in the swimming pool.
How are you these days, my friends?
happiness.
please open your window of heart, let your heart have a bath in
I have lived in MACHIDA, which is in southeast of TOKYO for 21 years!!
Then, I'll meet lots of people who have various nationalities and tell about good points of Japan culture.
Also, the professional school students with whom we communicated could speak to me in English and sing Japanese popular songs together.
I felt humiliated, because I could not entirely speak or listen to English, although I had studied it for over 5 years.
I feel comfortable.
Long, long ago, there was an impatient, arrogent man.
Suddenly, he finds out he is walking on a beautiful path surrounded
and this morning I got up at 6 a. m.
On Friday night it snowed a lot when an old friend of mine came to visit.
Then we strolled along the road feeling the touch of snowflakes on our face.
We went into a small restaurant to have a drink.
I couldn't use all of the functions of lang-8 before by iPad, but apparently, I can use all of the functions of it by iPad now.
I will go to church and I want to meet new friends.
I hope I can get a good scoce this time!!!!!
I am currently studying very hard to pass the '' TOEFL '' that is required for International Students for entrance into Universities in the US and Canada.
His speech was very interesting.
Surreal houses, rivers, bridges...
This is my first journal on lang-8!
Would you mind telling me, how to get the discount price written in the invitation letter.
Let me introduce myself.
When I was there, there were no airplanesbut it was full of spectators.
Especially for last time I got car sick, we were just staying on the phone laughing after I was trying to catch a breath of fresh air.
``I will always be by your side, to help you out in soul trouble...``
Hi I'm hiro and this is my second diary.
These emergency drills were originally held on the 15th of every month but now they only take place two days out of the year.
When the clock hits 2 at the afternoon, sirens will go off, signaling the start of the drill.
In addition, there are no shops, restaurants, or public transport in this neighborhood.
He had short hair and wore a white t-shirt and jeans.
I think I have two chapters to go and it might take 20 more hours to finish the story.
Overall: It seems like the Amazon River, which flows slowly, calmly and constantly rather than like Niagara Falls, which flows dynamically, wildly and powerfully.
This evening, when I load on the news web 163.
He is only 48 years old and he is very excellent, Almost every chinese man knows him through his news report program.
indeed, I am in school preparaing for entrance to Grandes Ecoles, in order to be aveterinarian.
I sauteed them with komatsuna (a leafy green vegetable) in the fry pan.
This month by now I have wrote 48 journals.
Yesterday I learned roots of words in English.
Nowadays, almost all science and technology is written in English,
Of course, China is stronger every day; many foreign people come to China to travel and study.
I think that we can change ourself if we step forward with courage.
``Piacere di conoscer-la/ ti`` to which you can reply:
``congratulazioni`` to someone who has just succeeded in something
A nice guy, Wanda, adventures through wonderland.
There are no people or animals in this world.
If it's attack hits Wanda, it does a big amount of damage.
but nothing happened.
I'm learning to play in a musical for this lesson, and we (the troupe members) have a board meeting next summer.
Expressions that substitute nouns
Can Japan national team winthe game?
Sometimes, if you are lucky, you come upon a snake!
school students since they use textbooks that I've used in their school.
I am going write about a person who is not only respected, but also successful.
However, this successful person had already decided what they want to do at the company or by themselves when they were student.
I think if we can use the Internet appropriately, we could gain a lot from it.
If I have a time, I feel likespecialty food in Fukuoka.
By keeping a routine, I can get up early in the morning!!
I think it is so difficult for me to do it.
Would you mind helping me study English?
Then I will move to St.
We are thinking of going on a picnic.
I think it well be very fun, because we are a bit crazy:))) For example, not so long ago we organized a flashmob.
People were looking at us very strangely.
Why didn't you put on underwear?
Yesterday, I used MSN Messenger for the first time!
I like hill climbs and long rides.
Recently, I discovered the english music group called Mcfly by chance on Youtube.
Cut the sweet potatoes then boil it.
I am happy for that,
but I don't know why Japanese learn Arabic?
My teacher pointed out lots of grammatical mistakes like articles, plural forms, verb forms and so on.
Because, one of my friends said,
Then, the night I got the binoculars,
then, over two large cups of coffee (I'm a self-confessed caffeine addict),
Then, I found dark rings under my right eye.
As soon as they got power, they changed the amount of money, and they even considered an income limitation.
My momther recommended that I should have bought a cheaper one but I wanted to buy an umbrella with cute characters on it.
I was a little nervous at the thought that the professor would notice I wasn't a regular student.
So, the test will be too difficult for me.
I sent back a congratulation-mail to him.
Finally, he gets better and better and is successfully able to finish the speech at the begininning of world war 2.
It's very delicious in there.
Yesterday, I watched a Korean TV documentary which was about Africa.
After watching the documentary, I realized how comfortably I was living and studying.
In this sense, Japan is in a position where it can advantageously and financially provide other impoverished countries with development aids.
Or rather it can spread its interesting and unique culture around the world,
which hopefully renders Japan able to cherish its country's asset more than before, as it has a lot of vaunted cultural and traditional values.
So I modified my thesis to include some changes and submitted it again.
How great was that carving technique!
I really wanna study English!!! not to meet a guy who wants a girl.
I like English and historical things.
But my parents don't want me to do that.
Today, I was reading a flyer on this program. I was so surprised!
I'm looking forward very much to seeing my friends and my family:)
I DON 'T REALIZE SOMETHING IS MISSING DURING THIS KEY MOMENT.
MY HORRIBLE HAUGHTY BEAT ME!!!!
I went to my part time job teaching mathematics to a junior high school student this morning.
After sleeping, I studied English vocabulary. First I learned the new words 'meaning, then their pronunciation.
Although I was a badminton player from the elementary school until high school, I have not been playing it for a long time.
The lake's surface was peaceful the other day, but yesterday it was choppy.
We held a symposium to discuss students who could not attend school due to personal problems such as mental health, being bullied at school and so on.
They are worried about their children's problems.
I was worrying earlier because I hadn't been on it for a long time.
I think that he is very lonely on this trip.
If I go there, I'll walk quickly on Wall Street like a man pretending to be very busy holding a cell phone in one hand and a cup of coffee in the otherer hand.
The third reason is, there are many famous places there, like the Statue of Liberty, Times Square, and Central Park.
Hi everyone!!!!
We watched a movie that has been very popular with the Japanese lately.
It depends on the scene.
Though I can't help worrying about places that have been affected by earthquake, I'm going to go out more frequently.
The Chinese often open the ghost door in July.
She never talks a lot, but her words are meaningful.
You never expect to hear any nonsense from her.
I was refreshed.
I told her, ``Bite your tongue.``
The following is written:
[``we don't use gasoline, perfect taxi!
Better isolation.
The first program that I've written is ``Hello, world!``.
Though it is not very long, there are some words that we don't use today, and some sentences are difficult to make sense.
Because, the big earthquake and tsunami hit Japan in March..
Tattoo boom
I often see many people who have tattoos on thier bodies in the US.
Apparently, getting tattoos used to be a military and army thing.
Tattoos are not so popular in Japan.
In my opinion, If we get a tattoo, it cannot be easily erased and when we getold, the tatto also gets out of shape.
Tattoos influence our impressions of the people who have tattoos.
To be hornest, I do notknow any positive aspects of getting a tattoo.
I would like to ask somebody who has a tattoo what they feel when they get a tattoo.
Also, in our life, we can make more and more friends through the internet. So thanks to internet and thanks to lang-8 for helping me make progress everyday!
I mean, I can understand almost everything, but speaking correctly is sometimes very hard for me.
I need to be put on a diet immediately.
Nowadays I don't have a boyfriend.
Unfortunately, when I was 10 I moved to another city and I can't find foreigners here.
Last Sunday it was my grandfather's birthday.
They're very delicious!!
so we may become friends and we can talk about each other's country and maybe in the future we can meet up at one's country.
now I am staying in Pohang in Korea.
But I am actually from Seoul, the capital city of Korea.
here, what I am doing is study in graduate school in EE (electrial engineering) which sounds boring and difficult to others.
I gotta go, so hope you can correct my English writing and I will be your friend.
(Although I have never been to South France.
I held a farewell party for my colleague who has worked for 7 years since I started to work here.
The story was very interesting.
I thought to myself, why has this person come here to study English. She is older than me and the only woman.
Today I have a big exam, I `m very afraid, because I don` t know everything, how will I do?
I'm sure that many of you are used to western habits because of work rhythms: wake up early and RUN to work after a coffee, but what is a typical breakfast in Asia, for example?
This wednesday I started school again, in a new class...
I saw some friends I didnt saw during the vacation and it was nice to see them again...
yesterday after school I went with my friend to buy some fabrics because she wanted to make some craft with it, the trip on the bus was so long, the other day she was trying to pass the driving exam, but some old lady that was angry didnt let her pass...
Media Communication is learning about the differences between old media (newspaper, magazine etc.) and new media (such as the Internet).
When I finish the all of my courses in university, I want to be a journalist.
Tomorrow I `m going to a concert with my friends.
And then we were suspicious of the pizza because we usually make noise.
I recommend ``My brain says stop but my heart says go`` by FM static.
Thailand is a country where English is an official language.
This lets them learn two languages together even they didn't know it helps their pronunciation.
People who have good language skill tell me that we have to start with listening then speaking, reading and writing, a similar pattern to how we learn our native language.
I found an interesting article in a magazine.
I've never tried this product before but when I was young and stayed at my hometown, my mom often cooked curry for breakfast.
One example of the problems which left-handed people may experience is the difficulties related to handwriting.
It is undeniable that there definitely exist lots of great inventions throughout human history like the light bulb, the steamer, the telephone, etc.
Similarly, they use these knowledge to make contributions to their society.
Only in this way could we create a harmonious environment on the Internet around the world.
We have many lecturers, and some of them. do not speak English very well.
After thirty minutes, I became aware of how difficult it was to understand...
Because it was very embarrassing, I decided to study computers.
Sometimes, he wants me to help my neighbors too. (Although I do not like doing that all the time). When I have free time, I can look for useful software and study them.
Does That Make Sense?
I have a feeling when I hear someone say ``does that make sense`` that the person is getting impatient or just being rude.
I immediately took him to the hospital.
Anyway he seemed fine before going to bed.
I'm watching one of the american tv series ``Big Bang Theory``.
Maybe Words Free is not its proper name, but you can find it by typing ``Words free`` in a search engine.
I think Scrabble is a good practice to improve my vocabulary.
Are there any differences between them?
Which is right or which is commonly used?
The first person said that they will check whether they can correct it or not and hold on the line for second.
My wife's zousui contains sliced Japanease radishes which are supposed to be good for you when feeling sick.
My favorite person is my friend.
Sometimes, we go to su-won.
I like my friend very much.
It's not the main religion of your country, right?
But after I have learnt about it, I think we should embrace it, and live up to the standards of Jehova and what his son Jesus taught us in The Sermon On The Mount.
We meet people from different countries there, and mingle together and exchange our culture.
Wonderful! So I wanna ask t if I am allowed to join your congregation in the disscussion next time?
So thank you so much for tonight, I am really appreciative of your cooperation.
I `m studing in music school playing the piano and synthesizer.
Every summer I go to Ukraine to see/ visit my grandmother.
Our company mainly deals with producing and marketing mobile phone cases.
Tough reading and writing.
Nowadays I practice pronunciation, but it is difficult and very different from Korean.
``Let it be`` was released later than this album but Abbey road was their last album, because they recorded them later.
In the last years for ``Vote for your favorite album``, it was ranked No. 1 in Japan.
I watch it because it is useful to me because of the English substitles and it is free to watch.
It seems like I will watch it all of the episode.
My favorite movie is Burlesque.
Christine Aguilera makes an appearance in the movie.
They live far from the academy.
Hello everyone.
But I also want to make a lot of money, because my family doesn't have lots of money to send me to school.
Today, I have some questions about quotations from movies.
I read in a magazine that American newspapers often use quotations.
It was the first stone building in the city: when King Peter I planned to build the city, he started with the fortress.
There was an exhibition of the sand sculpture on the beach near the fortress (in the second photo).
In the first photo you can see the famous spire of the Peter and Paul Cathedral seen from the pier.
According to the story, during World War II when the city was blocked (blockaded, sieged), a whole echelon of cats was brought into the city for extermination of rats.
I bought Rosetta Stone (English levels 1-5).
I can practice how to pronounce English words and understand words 'meanings without using Japanese.
Today, I wore a black Care Bears T-shirt.
I bought this recently!
But he `s never seen Care Bears T-shirt in Hawaii, so he was suprised:D
The news said our military rescued 25 sailors who were captured by Somali (adjective) pirates.
Tactically, in this case the government should have been passive, because the captives '
lives depended on the pirates.
I did not cook it the way you're supposed to cook jelly, but I cooked it as if I was making coffee.
I've been using Twitter almost every day.
Unfortunately I don't have any pictures.
So we cooked lamb, beef, pork, and sea food.
Indeed, sushis taste good if the chef is nice and tastes terrible if the chef is not nice.
Kyoto has a lot of restaurants.
2) When the fat are thin, the thin died a long time ago.
I watched part of ``Beautiful Dreamer``, Urusei Yatsura's movie series.
Meanwhile, I also want to practice my English.
Because I entered my bank card password wrong three times.
In Japan, Japan TABACCO INC which produce and sell Somoking is very influential in many areas. For example in the media, the Federation of Economic Organizations and politics.
Last year a politician said that tax one cigerettes would increase so that one pack could could cost as much as 1000 yen. (current cost is 320 yen)
There is a person who is against increasing cost cigarettes in medical area too.
He always remarks in media ``what is the scientific proof that smoking is disadvantage to health?`` ``Can you prove the relationship between smoking and bad health?`` ``Of course I dont need to say anything about passive smoking``
It is obvious that smoking is bad to our health, but he insists that there is no perfect explanation, so we must not impose on extraordinal tax and exclude smoking people.
Today is called ``Marine Day`` and so today is a holiday.
However, today is a school attendance day.
(Chuseok is one of the most important holidays in Korea.)
So it is difficult for him to enjoy life because he controls himself all the time and thinks everything should process in the right way.
Sooner or later I will finish the semester at my university, so I'm busy to sum up my class's for the tests and report.
So I'll do my best this month.
Thanks to that, I can now understand it when I watch it again.
Recently, I get tired easily.
My profile picture has changed.
I went to dinner with my friends from my part time job yesterday.
It was delicious but the restaurant was full of smoke.
I got a small gift from an English magazine company today.
The last time I met an English man I couldn't say anything to him, I don't know why but it was impossible for me to say even ``hi`` or something like that.
Also, he had a wife who was a very beautiful.
Still, a ray of the sunset is coming through the windows into the rooms.
After stuffing all the items into the fridge, I take some glasses from the shelf and a Yebisu beer from the fridge.
I usually read the entertainment or society sections n.
In Japan it is a symbol of spring, so when I see it I feel spring has come!!
In general, many students will start the job hunting when they become third-year students.
Once they pass the position of ``new graduate students``, thier job hunting becomes quite difficult at an alarming rate.
As a matter of fact, they will spend so much time on the job hunt that they cannot attend the classes they need to graduate.
I got up 30 minutes earlier than usual.
REASON1/ I want to speak English because...
I read American famous& popular literature, The Great Gatsby translated by MurakamiHaruki.
We watched TV, listened to music, and played the piano in her new house.
I thought I had a nice day with my family.
Her color is yellow and white.
While we were staying in Singapore, we went on a tour around Johor Bahru, Malaysia.
There was just a hose or a bucket instead of paper at the toilet.
The first day of Autumn has come...
Egyptian food is similar to Turkish food.
It was different from the usual tobacco.
Sometimes it seems pretty hard for me, but I set myselft to rest by thinking about russian grammar.
Taiwan is the safest country of the ones I visited.
The pregnancy happened suddenly, She said that she's really happy and she's never had a feeling like that.
Many of my co-workers helped me to learn the new system.
Because all of my co-workers are not Japanese.
But, I want to learn another way.
Could somebody teach me?
Because this is the best way to brush up on my poor grammar.
But I worry about one thing.
I'm not good at writing even if it is japanese (my own language).
I hope to make my grammar better through this site.
It's a bad day today. I quarrelled with my boyfriend.
I was born in Moldova, and now I'm studying in Riga, Latvia.
This is the main reason (no comma) why I'm trying to learn it.
I'm not sure whether my ancestors were ninja or not, but there is a possibility.
Are you interested in ninja?
A few days ago, I watched the final episode of LOST, the famous TV series.
I visited a wax museum.
The museum was brilliant.
I have never been to Sushi Zen, because it is very expensive-one item of bluefin tuna (fatty tuna) costs approximatey 2000 Yen (I guess it's about $ 22 at the cuurent rate of exchange.)
;) I feel most content when I succeed in describing or expressing something, using syntax and phrases special to the language.
I want to make a lot of friends. If you want to make friends with me/ be my friend feel free to contact me.
I just know a little English. What's my aim? Studying English together with whoever wants to learn Chinese.
It's raining outside, and the temperature drops quickly.
He will leave Japan next summer, so he is writing a book for himself.
He opened a souvenir box, and his appearance had changed. He looked like a grandfather.
Everyday we went shopping at some place, and enjoyed it.?
I think that this time, our family ties had deepened more, and more.
Anyway this month is special for me and for all Muslims around the world, and for this I scheduled my time to spend it doing worthwhile and valuable.
At the beginning of the few months, I didn't understand or even catch a word people were saying. Also there were few Japanese people, so I didn't have a friend who I could truly rely on.
So I've decided to restudy English from today on, so I can be fluent in speaking English.!
On his two-story factory roof some futon (something for sleeping in) has been stranded up there by the Tsunami.
Today, I bought ``yotsubato 9th`` (It's comic book)
I met the president of the company, and we talk a lot about the amount of money.
Memory Of A Fish
So it is said that you can be clever if you often eat fish.
When they were elementary students, they had to collect night soil, scrapheaps, flies and so on.
My favorite singer is Sina Ringo.
Cultural Difference...
Too quickly; I am very surprised.
what do you think? are you good at your mother language? how many people do make mistakes?
freakishly large amounts of money anymore!!
In English class, the teacher made him read aloud an English sentence.
Are you okay?
Can you come to Japan from August 1st for about 2 weeks?
You must have a passport by then.
We would like to hear your ideas and opinions about open innovation.
We are now learning about open innovation in Europe and US compared Japan.
Oh my God, I'm crazy, firstly I don't love him, secondly I think he can't finish with her, but he won't listen to me, I don't know what to do.
The snow piled up in Tokyo the day before yesterday.
I've heard it's a very difficult qualification to obtain, so I have to keep studying for at least a year.
It is very weird that air conditioners create a hot summer with higher temperatures.
She answered, ``Definitely, the former!``.
Maybe some English people know this TV program,
I'll appreciate every correction anyone makes for me, and I'm really thankful for your generous help.
Complicated.
I don't like the rainy season.
As time went by, my interest faded away because sometimes I didn't received any responses.
There are so many people learning English in the world, it is understandable how many English articles will be created everyday and it could be overwhelming.
They gave me a souvenirof cookies that contains salt from the ocean around Mont Saint-Michel.
Last night was a rainy day.
I found that there was nobody and felt a little scared.
I was bitten by a black dog when I was 10 years old and I even had to stay in the hospital for 3 days.
After going back home, I went online and found that there was another student bitten by them 1 hour later after me.
I also had fever, and I was thinking that this [CROSS OUT] might be related with inflammation.
COMPRENDES?
After all, I drank five cups of coffee in the end.
After lunch, I pick up my cell phone and saw that there was a call (message) asking me to have a interview.
Also I uploaded my artworks on Ultra-book.
It is next to some newly built high apartments.
The symbolic buildings of the modern life and old fashioned alleys.
Sometime I go there alone to drink whiskey and talk with ``Mama-san``.
Do you immediately notice mistakes when you look at our English sentences?
I don't want to make trouble for my senior business partner.
In Japan, the government promised to give every Japanese person 12000yen (about 120 $) as an economic stimulus policy.
Asics shoes aren't as cool as NIKE ones, but they are very functional and reasonable.
They work for our subsidiary in America, but I had not yet met them.
The purpose of them coming was to have a meeting about making the budget for the next fiscal year.
When they went back to America, they tole me 'Learn to speak English and come to America!!'
First of all, let me introduce myself quickly!
My company is a pharmaceutical company which was incorporated a year ago
My favorite groups are SID, HY, RAD WIMPS
I like eating delicious food.
I worked at a Starbucks drinking a cup of coffee in the morning of that day.
I think traveling is like buying hats.
We can see a lot of beautiful sceneries, eat delicious fruits, go swimming in the sea and so on.
Only last screen remains.
(Family) or hope it will grow healthy and happy.
So, what do you think about it?
I want to kill you,
because you're tasty. ``I felt surprised and I didn't know what to say.
He's just a 10-year-old boy who likes to use humor to describe his emotions.
I take a private English class once a week.
Last Thursday I got a homework to write an article about a famous sports person using emphasizing phrases.
I recently bought a new English textbook, and I read it as often as I possibly can.
I haven't ever studied English seriously, but I think that my English will improve if I study it more.
Do you know a Manga Cafe?
It is very convenient and cheap.
We can read many Mangas, have free drinks, Internet, Watch TV, DVDs and relax!
But these days I've gotten fat!
snow is beautiful, but also so cold:(
Please tell me what you know about it.
I was accidentally attracted by a JP learning magazine.
Its cover had a big title meaning ``spend no money to learn Japanese well!``.
It introduced some language learning websites. (Most of them are for Japanese learners.)
After a few minutes, I got an account.
I couldn't eat them here, because everything is very expensive I coud n't buy them easily.
Recently my favorite song is Taylor Swift's 'you belong to me'!
I like making something like an accessory, so I thought that I could get some materials over there which have a different pattern than Japanese ones.
Though I still look forward to going to Taiwan.
Actually I started ESL classes. When I am finished with ESL courses, then I will study radiology.
Introduction 2
I like to go to BBQs with my friends. They are from China, Korea, Turkey and so on.
Let's improve together and aim for good results in our studies!
howth is the place where the Irish film 'Once' was filmed/ made.
but unfortunately it was very windy and cloudy.
I'm going to clean my room, hang out on the futon, walk around
the neighbourhood, go to a library and bake a cake
I've had played the piano for long time, but I didn't play it for a couple years seriously.
I admit that I sometimes like drinking some alcohol, liquor, hard beverages and beer on the weekends to relax but it doesn't imply/ mean that I am a alcoholholic.
I speak English with foreigner on msn nowadays.
Where do you recommend?
Many office workers have a meeting on Monday about last week's activity, and must report their activity for their college and boss.
The performance of Kim Yuna was excellent!!
I came here from Italy.
In Italy, the temperature is 40 degs.
One night, a family is having dinner together.
A man, who is annoyed by the chatter of girls next to his room, would say, ``Speak lower, please.`` This phrase indicates a bit of
On a plane, a passenger was asked by a flight attendant, ``Would you like a cup of coffee?`` Then she says, ``Please.`` I think it is more polite than just saying, ``Yes.`` I can say, ``Yes`` and then ``Please`` for adding some politeness.
She said she is working as an import management adviser.
``Hi`` ``Hi`` ``35 male USA U?`` ``18 male Jp`` ``good bye`` wow he's the very same as the first guy!!
About thirty people came.
because I'll play the drums at a concert hall for the first time!!
Today's class was English grammar about subjective moods, so I'm going to write my diary with subjective moods.
If I can speak English, I will make many foreigner friends.
I am studying English now. I hope I can pass the IELTS as soon as possible, so I must work hard and I look foward to get more help here.
Thank you
He likes anime, so perhaps we can watch ``banishment of Haruhi Suzumiya``, a popular Japanese anime film.
More importantly, you are a very friendly person, and I am so grateful that I have a friend like you!
When I arrived in Tokyo, it was quite hot, I was sweating.
Recently, Summer sale started at most shops so I hope to buy at Paul Smith but I don't have enough money to buy on such expensive stores.
One of my senior classmates in the foreign language department of SZU (my school) hung herself and died the day before yesterday in her dormitory.
So we laughed.
She was very surprised when the doctor told her.
It is nice for me as a nurse and as a human.
Although we know, either consciously or subconsciously, that money is not the end but the means, we tend to confuse money itself with happiness.
Of course, money is so important for living in society, yet, you should not forget that this is an illusion made by human beings like laws and countries.
As usual, I commuted by theMRT (mass rapid transportation).
However, you have helped me a lot with English.
I ate salmon roe with soy sauce tonight.
This is good for growing rice.
on a trip in this winter holiday.
I know I have to study more.
Today's weather is good, so I aired the bedding before going to the university.
I prepared for tomorrow's experiment.
I can't figure out diffrences among them..
My client has decided to deal for the advertising, and
The company's human resources administrator said that
My name is Stefan and I'm 18 years old, born on the 17th (of) April (in) 1993.
Changing environment, I think is the prior problem for me.
There are a lot of things I need to deal with it, packing luggage, becoming more familiar with foreign language, searching for a house to rent....
Do you have a twitter account?
Today, I made a new Twitter account for practicing my English.
It's a trophy.
I'm thinking that's all for today:)
Jay Chou is a Taiwanese singer, and QiLixiang is one of his songs. It means a sort of plant, I guess (I don't know what QILiXiang is).
Yes that is right, to understand Sanma is as difficult as philosophy.
After the training, I ate a mixed salad with mushroom, carrot and beans.
Actually, I'm thinking about working part-time.
I'm studying the CALLAN method for speaking, reading and listening to the vocabulary book& CD, and trying to write these diaries for grammar.
I decided to study my English harder so I could speak it fluently someday.
She also knows a lot about Japanese culture. For example, she knows about famous Japanese models, singers and so on.
Listening to music?
^ ^ thus, maybe I will continue to write my blog everyday.
I'm not good at presenting or speaking, in fact I'm kind of a shy person, but it was good experience.
And, we talked to each other about what I will do after graduation and my campus life.
Someday, I want to go to the Philippines.
To be honest, I don't have any idea of Rwanda. I don't even know how to spell Rwanda.
It's been two days and nobody has corrected
Pretend to be a Scottish Fold...........
My first day.
Does cannibalism have to be considered with the idea of cultural relativism?
If I were a pig, I would claim pig dignity, pig privilege.
It might be hard to get protein otherwise, or it might be a sacred ceremony in that society.
The sea waves are beautiful.
I don't know the reason for the hole,
One is the parent and the other is the child.
Is it pretty?
Lately I am very poor because I spent much more money than I had expected to.
Thankfully they were rainy days, so I surfed the internet, listened music, and watched movies. I even recorded parts of two songs-one was a Chinese song, the other was a Japanese song. It was in preparation of a Christmas or Thanksgiving video for my friends.
I thought they had blocked me on MSN, heehee.
New colleagues are coming soon.
We'll have to prepare a computer for them, and will also be responsible for training them.
After my work is over, I always go to the supermarket near my home.
I stop by this supermarket when they are about to close their shop.
I found her really cooperative, patient, generous and smart.
Recently (,) Haneda Airport changed from a (mostly) local airport to a true/ proper international aiport.
Recently, I started to write my blog on the internet.
Honestly, I've been afraid of declaring my true intention for learning English. (space)
Although I don't speak English often at the moment, I wish to improve my English.
It is sherbet ice cream with many kinds of fruits.
Because this drama is not a made-up story-the characters, drama, and everything are from real local life.
Now some of my work is almost 3 months late!!
Is it a magic holiday, or it is just custom???
He said to CNN that ``I can do anything, I can be anything``
Every time I tried to come up with an idea, the person who recieved a postcard said it was good.
Active: Don't blame me
Passive: Let me not be blamed.
Active: She gave me a present yesterday
Passive: I was given a present by her yesterday.
A present was given to me by her yesterday.
but it will be difficult to establish a company.
It is very nice of you to see my diary written in English.
It has become an incomprehensible text, but this is the end.
Have you ever experienced unstable sleep?
the horrible situation, we get used to it at the end.
It was a chance to have an experience in an English meeting.
There were people who work in other countries in the conference meeting.
Others are hanging wind-bells and bamboo blinds as the devices to create that ``cooler feeling`` for getting relief the summer heat.
But my friends who are learning German with me don `t or can` t participate in the program.
But I have found that there are a lot of English words which although I can rean and understand them, I can `t use them in writing or conversation.
So I must improve my English vocabulary until summer.
It was nominated for the 2008 Grammy award for song of the year.
* ice cream soda
It seems easy to convert feelings to the opposite one once I have recovered the original positive mind state.
I think there is a kind of horizon between our positive and negative mind states.
Remember you never drag yourself alone into the dark, but the people around you as well.
If you think something positive, it will come true for you.
Today is Saturday, and all my colleagues went out for fun.
However, the results did not satisfy me.
In Japan, we can watch it on Sundays, so I am in the habit of watching it.
My school closes for summer vacation this Friday.
After long and great summer vacation I want to study, study, study, and study again!)) web-design courses, photography courses, preparation for TOEFL, dancing...
Recently, the news reported on many food safety problems.
Food retailers have responsibility,& nbsp; too.
So I have decided to practice my English writing skills from now on, on here, Lang-8.
Creating a virtual life which correlates with your destination is the best way to get it.
I drank medicine, and sleep more and more.
I am very happy to join the big family.
I am a Chinese girl. I want to make good friends here.
My professor said, in this case, present tense means someone's habit or a fact.
I tried to memorize the new grammar for the next lesson.
Tiger is one of the best animals (which) he likes.
On the way of returning home, though I pushed the twin stroller,
Every evening plenty of classical concerts are offered in churches, theaters and historical buildings, while in the daytime there are marvelous views of castles at Moldau. All the buildings with pastel colours and graceful decorations in the old town attract strolling people.
The cheapest seat, which is located in the highest stage but still close enough to watch the stage and orchestra, costs just 50 kc (2 Euro, 220 yen).
I had no plans, so I just hanged around and droped by (visited) interesting places.
Second, I had a secret birthday party for my friend.
Because she came from Kansai area soon accepted that application.
Then we went to karaoke.
Economics, science, engineering, and technology change day by day.
We know many methods to release stress.
Some people eat sweet chocolate, have heavy foods, drink alcohol, or buy expensive bags.
If I have am stressed about something or someone,
When you learn a language, you must develop the muscles of your speech organs to produce unfamiliar sounds.
So, I `ll cheer for the Canucks!
It gives us an English language environment.
I hope everybody is happy, and all of us improve our abilities quickly.
we could go fishing, run barefoot, and wander the streets with a vacant smile on our face and melting ice-cream in our hand.
Are you like go for a walk with your friends, eat chocolate, and look at the sky?
Last week I took an English volunteer interview and people who pass the interview have the chance to show museums and other places to foreign tourists.
I thought I did a bad job last week but today I received a message from the interviewer.
She said I passed the interview and asked me if I wanted to go to the Zhejiang Silk Museum as a volunteer.
What I have to do is give tourists a tour of the museum.
Today I heard that my colleague would like to skip the writing class since she didn't finish her writing homework in time.
Most of the TOEFL topics are dilemmas, we have to explain the main idea, find the sentence or appropriate supporting sentences and write about them in 250 words.
It's quite difficult for non native English speakers to discuss unfamiliar topics, I also tried to practice my writing here for my first TOEFL examination.
Even if we (can) pass TOEFL to study abroad, we plan to come back home to work after we graduate, so in my mind I thought that studying in Thailand might benefit my country more than studying abroad, for which we have to pay high fees for the test and tuition. One good point of view for higher education abroad is to broaden your mind and accept a different culture or lifestyle.
Studying in our home country will result in much research and development, this economic crisis will strengthen our country.
Even though people in Thailand admire the new generation who graduate abroad, I feel I should promote higher education in Thailand.
Today I heard of this website from a friend, he said it is useful for language study.
We would have to understand different cultures.
Someday, I wanna live in another country.
Of course, soccer isn't the only exercise I enjoy.
I bought a gadget named FITBIT.
The gadget can log my dayly activity.
The IF of the activity is web browser.
Of course I'm still bad with English.
I might write in it every day.
I like healthy food. So, I often eat fishes.
This day I've met a foreign couple.
Although, the woman didn't eat a lot of sushi.
I heard that there are few foreign people didn't eat law fish.
That woman almost has not eaten any law fish.
I Hate being alone
My parents brought my favorite things to me: some Japanese food, some books, and some clothes. I love everything!!
I am just observing this week and will begin
This is why I think it is my part of identity.
Lots of words disappeared from my head, and I forgot lots of grammar.
I would like to share details about me to people who read my diary.
I spent the money to connect the internet to my house. The computer is my sister's, she bought it maybe 5 months ago.
She don't want to connect it but I do because I would like to use lang-8 at my house.
My sister said that after I connected the internet, her computer had a problem and may have broken it..
We don't understand each other. In the end, I decided to cancel the internet service.
Some people are now willing to learn Cantonese, but I have to tell you that you are actually only learning one version, which is the official one.
Many centuries ago, lots of people from north of China moved to Canton to escape the war and cold, and then the immigrants 'language gradually evolved into a new kind of language, which is a mixture of Mandarin and Cantonese.
I love taking photographs but nowadays I have not taken any.
I've recently started taking an interest in photography again.
I attached 3 cute photos of animals
This year, I called them nearly everyday to share my happiness and sorrows with them.
When we leave we must remember always to come back.
However, it will be rainy for 4 days from tomorrow onwards.
Actually I think I cannot get full marks on all of the questions.
I mean I did it but I just guessed the last 20 questions......
There are KANJI, HIRAGANA and KATAKANA in Japanese, That's crazy!
As everyone knows Japanese originated from the Chinese.
So, logically it should be easier to guess what the words should be I think.
It is a really beautiful city with many things that can make us very surprised.
I don't know how to describe how wonderful it is.
I am sitting and enjoying the view from the window of the hotel and I feel a bit regretful because I am leaving Nha Trang tomorow.
The Japanese rush to the fully-blooming cherry blossoms in order to hold parties, called ``Hanami``.
I heard that it is rude to say ``Can you play tennis?``
So please search me!!!!!!
He can speak Chinese very well so he know a good way to learn a language.
Welcome party
Their new circumstances, taking care of their baby and so on.
My computer wasn't working last night.
I'm looking forward to someone's corrections.
I was reminded about it when my new friend asked me when my birthday is yesterday.
I knew why the students did so. Because when I was in college, it was very annoying when the teacher talked about something so dull and useless that I wanted to sleep.
In my ninth month of pregnancy
Starry, starry night, flaming flowers brightly blaze, swirling clouds in violet haze reflect in Vincent's eyes of china blue.
Everything seems to be so uncommon but moves your heart strongly.
did anybody see the movie called ``Heartless`` with Jim Sturgess?
I need to know how to say something, cuz I have to send a letter to someone, but I don't know english, so please HELP ME.
I try to look at everything from the positive side.
It was so funny thinking about it now.
I would like to take this opportunity to exchange deep and beautiful thoughts with people from all over the world.
It would be very nice if we could learn from each other, and be a good influence in order to develop as a good person.
I would like to cultivate an international friendship.
Thank you again.
These are hand warmers, boot warmers, etc and small packets which are held in the hands.
If Mongolians could get hokkairo easily, they could be so happy.
Therefore I felt his patriotism in his essay because most of the students wrote about commercialism like the hospitality in high grade hotels.
My L-8 friends, please, give me some suggestions.
However I ate a fast breakfast and I washed up fast when I learned that we would go into the field with my dad, exactly in the currant field.
I found my friend was crazy about shopping.
even though she had already bought many clothes last week.
today I had a very good time! cause 'few people will chat with me.
Japanese animation
Speaking of a Japanese animation, on Sunday evening, [SAZAE-SAN] and [CHIBI-MARUKO-CHAN] are shown on TV.
bumper.
So my friend and I were dizzy and totally tired.
I'm very interested in philosophy.
But we care about the huge earthquake that happened in the Tohoku area..
The parade started at 10: 00am, at that time it was a little bit rainy and cold.
Many people in Omaha came to see the parade, so I really enjoyed it.
this semester we finished our graduation performance perfectly!!! im so pround of our show:) and I also took the TF test, although the result is not high enough, I still can go to America next winter!!! ^__ ^ it's really exciting:) im going to Idaho...
I arrived at the academy after class was finished, so I couldn't hear a lecture for even one minute..
I felt so terrible because of my bad habit.
But I think we should decide independently with whom we want to marry
The first class of translating subject!!!
It was different from what we had thought before.
We answered after discussing together.
But it was really surprising because the biggest problem of learning about the subject of translating was not about the languages that we wanted to translate into, but the ability on using our mother tongue itself.
Because my hometown in Tokai is famous for ham..
I'm writing this at work._ (sorry boss!)
She is very pretty!
I started studying English maybe during elememtary school, second year.
Confiscate is the word I have memorized today!
Please teach me example sentences containing the word ``confiscate``.
August is the best season for diving and snorkeling if you can bear the cold water.
DAIHATSU may not be as famous as the other automobile makers.
The teachers were there too; everyone drank and ate a lot.
On my brother's vacation we traveled to LA, Las Vegas, and San Francisco
He's not very good at studying things like English, math or Japanese History.
Actually, I thought anybody could be a teacher, because you just say what you know, and so there is no effort for it.
And you must paraphrase more simply.
Controlling my budget
So, I decided to control my budget by checking my expenses with an iPod app.
On the way there, I saw a big rainbow crossing a river.
Reading is especially hard.
And If I have Chinese friends, I might/ will come to like Chinese as individuals at least.
I live in Italy and I'm a biologist. My specialization is Nutrition.
Today, I will introduce the SAGA international balloon festival.
That festival is the largest scale event in my town, started in 1980.
It is so fantastic that many balloons take off simultaneously.
For example, DORAEMON, Tom& Jerry, Pikachu, ATOM etc.
The second is a very practical sentence because I might have a lot of opportunities to use this sentence.
The culture of IBM influences me, they are dedicated to every clients 'success, innovation that matters, trust and personal responsibility in all relationships.
Nowdays, I love to read books that writes about other languages..
I'm trying to make some sentences..
I believe her river, asada mao will be better next time,, ^ ^
although there are some mistakes in today 'game.
Therefore, this semester, I want to study harder than before with my favorite lectures.
Love, family, friends, career, dreams, ambitions; They are indeed significant, but they are no more important than one word called ``happy``, because life is precious, imperfect and fragile.
There are 28 letters in total in the Arabic language.
Tanwin is used as follows:
If you want to say ``coffee's``, then it will be qahwatin (``tin`` is kasra plus tanwin).
If you want to say ``of coffee`` it would be qfwatan ``tan`` is fateha's tanween.
There are a lot of Arabic words that went into the English language. For instance, alcohol, lemon, soda, guitar, sherbet, arkari etc etc:)
I forgot the password and even my ID.
if you know me, let me know my ID and password.
I uploaded my last entry a kinda long time ago, maybe two months.
I didnt write any entries about porno!!
yeah I love korea.
Furthermore, they have to hone their language skills to perfection in order to perfectly understand their lectures.
Another problem is the fact that you may miss home and friends and probably won't get a chance to visit them frequently (plane tickets are too expensive to buy every weekend).
Earthquakes occur here from time to time.
It's weird.
This year is very weird.
staying with a few colleagues in our leisure time. It's a little troublesome to organise a
A good neighbor I have.
Organizing and Planing is The Most Important Thing
Like the saying, ``It can't be helped``, I have to go through the process of trial and error to make a well organized and planned life.
It was awesome!
After I returned to the house I put the pictures on the computer and enjoyed looking at them.
In my class, I heard that the Japanese didn't take care of their own oral hygiene while in other advanced countries, people went to the dental clinic in order to undergo medical examinations twice a year.
Some Japanese people who can't speak English at all said to me ``Oh Tomo-san you can speak English fluently, I envy and respect you.`` Every time I hear this kind of opinions from their pretty and witty mouths, I get so excited as he adrenaline rushes to my head.
So I decided on it.
After watching the video and listening to the song, I became more interested.
According to the legend, a pair of stars were separated by the Milky Way. They are lovers but they can only see each other once a year.
Yesterday, I sent an email to my professor with my lab partner.
I'm sorry to bother you, but could you tell us when it would be convenient for
I am gonna join this club every Monday and Wednesday.
I have not written written this diary for a long long time.
Because the bowling alley was so crowded, we had to wait for about an hour!
I went crazy bowling and played three games.
The band I'm crazy about is called ``HEAVY CLAFT``, they are a melodic punk band.
You may know about the Snow Festival that is held in February every year.
My strong points are building servers, and responding to security problems.
I like to read everything around me.
As I got more interested, I watched them again and again, and finally, I could understand what they were saying and laugh with them.
Tomorrow morning is going to be scary.
Because I think that growing the foods is fundamental to human life and especially in Africa, or other developing countries, we need to help teaching agriculture skills.
Although it could be translated into 'Genki desuka?' or 'Tyoushi ha dou?', we hardly say these.
At the same time, I study law. I might want to be a lawyer in the future, just might...
Beginning today, I will write notes in this diary.
Yesterday was China's traditional Valentine's Day [Qixi], however, it seemed nothing to me.
I just try to think what I did wrong, but no answer comes to mind.
I know that I am a new worker, but I want to be a good worker, and I trying to.
Good morning everyone.
There are many convenient menus in computer programs.
Although I sat in the right front seat, I could not keep up with her ant-like voice.
I really want to say ``sorry`` to you. These days, I thought a lot of things about my college life. I made so many mistakes that cost me lots of chances and time.
In this world, there is just one person that I can call ``father,`` and only one person that I can call ``mother``, so, what is the cause of me not cherishing the days I stayed with them?
The workshop with Japanese in our school was finished yesterday.
After two month in July, it's our turn to travel to Japan and have a workshop with Japanese.
I expect I I will have a good time and meet more Japanese.
If I confronted with them, I'd make friends with them.
Now she's looking for a job, especially in Marketing management and advertisement.
I have to do my best at all times.
And particles of sand that also shape stars were abound in the beach.
He became very happy when it arrive at my house.
The address was in a different part of city which he had to visit.
To reach the addressees he wanted, we organized a car and a map according to a plan.
We finished our program at 8 o 'clock.
And the time came for him to leave for the Ukraine, because he has some work to do there too.
Can I ask why the eclipse happened earlier than estimated?
I should be very very careful.
Last year the winner was Valerio Scanu, with a ``melodic`` song, I've often said it is ``a song for old people`` because of its rhythm, but it is not bad XD:
(4 years ago, I started UK's indie rock music and became interested to study English.)
I hated English, but now I like English!
Of course I'll cook some spaghetti and curry!
Anytime that I've enjoyed the plot of the book or the writing style, I can say I'll always read almost all the books written by this writer.
I think it's like the beginning of an ``intimate`` relationship with the author and I want to know the ``world`` of this writer.
A video about sushi in English was shown and the instructor explained sentences which were used in the video.
``Nigiri sushi has long been a favorite delicacy for the Japanese.``
I'm busy and I've been going to bed so late recently.
They catch mackerels
For my coworkers and customers, I work hard!!
It went to Hornsby via Macquarie Park and University.
At that time, I chose to leave that school
And every time I have seen a middle-aged jogger
Today I heard some shocking news.
The prior president of Korea committed suicide this morning.
Before he died, I also felt a sense of betrayal like other many Korean people because of his irrationality that was revealed a few weeks ago.
Of course, it's just a superstition, but my tutor was very I interested in it.
Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
Or, just your projection or imagination.
Therefore, I went to a movie theater to watch Transformers; dark side of the moon.
But in the morning, we went to the Farmer's Market.
For example, there were animals, Superman, and a firefighter.
First, some children cannot go to school.
In children's case, they will be unable to learn in the school.
Other than that, children maybe unable to go out with their friends.
Nobody knows when wars or tributes will happen, so they have no choice, but to stay home.
for protecting ships.
It's going to be longest bridge in Korea.
Rakugo is one traditional Japanese art of storytelling.
Although signing in to skype and having to take a long time to solve a little problem every time,
So I am really gratefull.
I decided to recite an English word every day and start using it.
We publish library news and I have to take part in making it.
I can see lots of differences!
It's a really beautiful sea but we are not allowed to swim in it because of the crocodiles and sharks!!!!!
A duplex house is a dwelling for two families, including two separate residential units. I mean, two entrances, two kitchens, two living rooms or such.
A young woman called Natalya had been talking to us about working for the famous cosmetic company ``Oriflame``.
When we usually go out, we leave Grace in the Pet Hotel.
Our eldest son went to Australia this summer for a week.
Fortunately Grace got her space in the car.
My husband set up the hammock between the trees for the children.
Instead of them she played with her favourite toy.
I think if my plan were to be carried out, everyone would feel more comfortable!
It's very interesting!!!
Today I found this website on my friend's Facebook entry.
I immediately registered without thinking.
At last I purchaced a 42 inch TV with three tuners for digital terrestrial broadcast.
That means we are study companions to each other, each doingour bestfor our ownpurposes, I think.
The first two years were difficult, and they were nothing I've ever experienced before.
I got used to being here, but I lost my motivation toward learning English.
I hope it will be a good opportunity to get my motivation up.
I really love that we help improve our hearts together.
I updated the firmware of my wireless router and changed its channel again.
In my prediction, Hideo Higashikokubaru slightly has an advantage than others because of his publicity and his achievement as the former governor of the Miyazaki prefecture.
We got a Disney English CD.
When it comes to types of damage done to crops, in Australia ``fire`` was the greatest
Tomorow Never Knows
Tomorow I was going to play tennis and have a BBQ party at the tennis club, which is the club where I play tennis almost every Saturday or Sunday.
It is said that the breastfeeding rate in China has been declining.
Besides, as I've mentioned above both parents have to work in this competitive society, so they have little time left to take care of 3 or more children.
girl that Iove.
There are fountains, crystal
I also love this place because
Even when they began to posses them, they didn't have many applications except for calling, compared to the recent phones.
I decided to start this English blog to have an opportunity (spelling) to write something in English.
And we went to bouldering gym.
Bouldering is a sport that you need to climb up about 5m on the wall.
We played bouldering for about 2 hours.
I like my school festivals.
First of all, I have to thanks to ``jupiter827`` and ``Tokyo_ Girlie``, who answered a lot of questions for me, that is really helpful.
This morning, I suddenly wanted to make a spanish omelette.
I really missed her spanish omelette and I decided to make it myself.
Instead of potatos, I put tomatoes into omlet.
I recommend you to try itwhen you make omlet.
They also recycled the trash.
For a long time, in this journal I have not written.
Today is the start of a challenge!
Now I will go to lunch. After, I will write in this journal!
I watched TV to introduce the online way to study English, the name of the TV show is ``I know``.
I heard it is made in Canada.
The man who began to make ``I know`` said it is most important to improve words and phrases.
So far, I studied English grammar.
Hanging out with my friends.
It's a beautiful city with blue sea and golden beach.
NO. 1 Middle School, please wait for me!!!
At first she needed me for some help on things which she really didn't know how to do.
From the dorm aplication, learning program apllications, to every step of preparing an activity for students of our department, she always asked me to do them for her.
Before I would refuse it indirectly, and she was still fine.
But now if I do refuse her, she gets mad and says that I'm very mean to her.
The Beginning of 2010
Because I am a volunteer at my school now.
I hope we can learn different things and happy together.
These days I recognize that English is very important.
Previously, I don't have so much desire to see the concert, because I 'v seen linkin park's concert once.
For example, when he wanted to learn Hindi, he just went to India without studying anything.
I thought I had not written a journal for just a few days, but actually it was a week.
I am turning into lonely person.
But few hours before, He called me and said that not available today...
Anyway, just I told my feeilng nowaday in the diary.
When we were on our way home, my daughter fell over suddenly!
His dancing and songs were brilliant.
scarf, a pair of mittens, and lipstick.
So I just remembered this web site and how useful it could be!
I have had a bad headache from this morning. It is very uncomfortableso I got a pill and took a rest but it didnt work at all...
I need to put more time in my study/ studies, especially (in) English, in order to get a good mark in the graduate exam next year.
I had Toeic Class this evening.
When I arrived, I was very hungry so I overate.
Hello, my wonderful friends. The day before yesterday when I went to the internet shop to fix my computer, while I was on the lift (elevator or something, I don't know how to tell you in English but when you don't want to use the stairs, you can use it to help you up to the top), I was carrying my PC in my hands.
There was a little child around 5 years old who pulled my hair>. <
When I was young, I was in love with eating American style junk food such as pizza and hamburgers.
When I eat something so delicious, I feel so good and happy.
I couldn't remember every thing.
I have class ``tomorrow`` about American sign ``Language``.
First I thought that is like the English languge but not really they are for for the poeple can to listen so they shoud be use the sing to conversation.
I have class at 10. 00 am in the moning.
good night from Thailand now.
We are going to sing two songs, one of three part chorus plus piano accompaniment, and one four part a cappela chorus.
I was suprised.
I went to the chilli festival in Fremantle today.
For my friend
I love eating, listening to music, watching movies and talking!
I went up the stairs two at a time because I was hurrying.
It `s an American drama.
I fell in love with watching motorsports, especially Formula 1, yesterday was the last F1 racing day of the year.
``Let's watch Star Wars!!! There's a TSUTAYA over there!!!``
So, we went to TSUTAYA and borrowed Star Wars Episode 6.
But I tend to be lazy studying.
I must be a better learner.
Everyone please correct my sentences. (:_:)
and find a job as soon as possible.......
Now I'm looking for a theme, an interesting or favourite one for the 4th year of University.
Moon Rabbit is the most famous tale in Japan.
It is common sense that Moon Rabbit is hitting a rice cake on the moon.
Because the moon's silhouette looks like a rabbit hitting a rice cake.
A talented person who can talk with a goat
I like the hamburger and I `ve tried them when I went to America.
I wonder which hamburger shops is more popular in America?
Could you recommend any good hamburger shops?
I want to try some good hamburger shops again when I visit America!
But, hey I'm talking about me right now, so that means strange girl meets strange boy in very weird circumstances.
and lots of koreans confuse this with 'flatter' but flatter can be used in the opposite way for example when your friend wears new clothes or gets his or her hair cut, at times like these when you need to set the scene for somebody to make them happy.
The driver pretended not to hear me, and completely ignored me.
raining ~ raining ~
It's raining today.
I'm sure this isn't my general level English because it only measured my writing skills.
I think that gene recombination is so useful and revolutionary for us.
All members of our high school choir club were so nervous, but we managed to get through this which means that we can go to the next stage.
The reason we were so anxious is because our performance this year was of a lower standard than average.
I just scolded my kids.
I scolded them.
Anyway, let me talk about my plan on Christmas.
The problem is I have no idea what present should I buy for her as a Christmas gift.
I'm a college student and I will graduate soon.
But I'm glad you asked me for my e-mail address.
Drinking with my custumer.
The atmosphere is so nice, I want to visit there again.
Then one of my customers said that you don't have to say the reason why you cannot;
When you do that, other people will help you achieve your goal!
Christmas Present.
(We bought christmas presents for each other with my husband.)
I want to use now, but I can't.
I can't wait until Christmas Eve.
I have DVDs and some magazines about it.
I wanna collect more of them.
And I wanna watch ``Eclipse`` soon!!
I like B because her choice in fashion is very cute and gorgeous.
And she gave me a pocket tissue.
However, it will be revised, and we cannot be satisfied as long as the promise of free highways
I invited two young ladies to come to my hometown Kamakura.
in Japan, this is a famous anime moive,
I guess it is because I only studied reading and grammar hard when I was a junior high school/ high school student. It is strange as a human being that I can read, but cannot listen to English, isn't it?
I have just finished doing exercises from an English page.
I sent a message to my friend on Lang-8. I feel happy coming again to write my diary.
I will try to write my diary in this site once a week.
I really feel like having a little bit of English in my mind before I start working today, because I want everybody to really understand what I wanna convey and of course I wanna be ready to answer questions or requests at the store. I hope my job is not so difficult and that I may (can) learn a lot of new stuff...
God please make me very smart and wise (as) it's incredibly difficult to be in another country...
I wanna cry sometimes but I cant in front of all these people and I can't eat anything....
I don't wanna buy new clothes,...
Yesterday, I did not sleep well.
Secondly, the best advantage of autumn is apples.
It's obvious that autumn is the time to read books about autumn.
I wish I could read it in the original, but I afraid my language skills aren't good enough.
Because you were samurai.
The first video clip was taken in Torres del Paine, a place near Chile.
Today, my daughter's best friend's parents invited my daughter and I to their house.
I answered that I didn't remember the number but as a regular visitor security guards usually let me in just by calling his apartment because previous guards obviously remembered the number of the apartment.
I heard that in Helsinki a scoop of Haagen Dazs ice cream is 10 euro.
I have been studying English recently.
But I shall never give up until I get what I want!
One of my English teachers taught me the pleasure of learning English.
it seemed to me like a movie or drama.
I suppose cooking is far more creative for her than working in a small design firm, Actually, her food is really good and most of them are her original recipes.
I want to make many friends.
In China, Friends videos, mp3s and scripts are very very popular on the internet.
My friend likes Joey because he is funny and doesn't share food with others.
Rachel is a beauty and Phoebe is a weirdo.
Everyone's performance is perfect on the first and last seasons (I only saw season1 and 10 and I need more time to download and watch it.) I can't help laughing out loud when I am watching it.
I'm watching the last episode.
She gave me an e-mail and she informed me how she's been getting along in it.
In a ring, two sumo wrestlers hold a baby wrestler face to face with each other.
First of all, I did a good job, probably!
At least most celebrities have to work very hard.
As far as I'm concerned they also have to spend lots of money on security because their private life is public.
I was diagnosed as having allergic conjunctivitis.
MY BIGGEST ADVENTURE IN THIS SUMMER!!!
I enjoy such unexpected meetings while on a trip.
When we get along with people, even strangers, it will be a memory in our life.
He can jump and run very well.
I passed the Singaporean driver's license paper text in Feburary, but 3 minutes later, I realized that I had already lost my JAPANESE DRIVER 'S LICENSE somewhere in Singapore.
To be honest, I don't want to go back to Japan for even a few days.
Besides, the Japanese government will raise a consumption tax up to 10%.
So this time, I want to go back to Japan directly by Singapore airline.
The image of Japan for foreigners, I think, was the mysterious nation, concrete jungle, and men having the ethic called ``samurai spirit`` wearing suits.
However, the prejudice in which Japanese people are marked with not having human face is totally untrue.
People who have little knowledge about Japan tended to think like the descriptions I mentioned above, ironically enough, the disaster revealed our humanity.
During this time-space travel he finds his first love, Livia Beale (staring Moon Bloodgood), who left him without saying goodbye eight years ago and had disappeared since then.
A main difference between Italian and English is the length of the sentences in their written form.
Thefirst point is the ``economy problem``.
Thesecond reason is the ``road condition (s)``.
Hoping there's someone to save me, to bring me far away from here, to a brand new world full of blossoms and flowers, fresh air-the ideal kingdom I would like to belong to, in which I could completely display my talents and achieve what I deserve.
I'm waiting for your answer!
I'm so hungry, but I'm drunk.
Hi all, my nickname is Madi and I'm looking for native English speakers.
Recently I have been thinking about being sensitive.
Because I suddenly got a pain in my back yesterday.
After seeing a model wearing this dress in a magazine, I decided to order it from the internet immeditately.
I'm going to Turkey!
I'm going to Turkey with my custmers tomorrow.
Hope I can keep on writing at least a message everyday and have a lot of fun here.
* Tomorrow will be the result of the exchange student process.
I didn't answer that question well...
I hope I will be allowed to go abroad as an exchange student.
Please, please, please...!!
I met with a friend of a friend last night.
I could answer only half of them and couldn't answers the other half because I couldn't understand all of their questions.
Basically, this is the first time I have spoken with regular people.
They responded immediately, and told me that I should not pay much money to get a new one.
I was lucky.
I really appreciate their help.
My mouth was so cold that I couldn't taste which flavor I was eating.
I'm planning to go abroad while on vacation next month.
Luckily I was able to get a ticket to America at a low price.
But I haven't reserved a hotel so I still need to find a cheap room.
It's been a while since the last time I traveled abroad.
My girlfriend's birthday is on the Monday of next week.
actually I did 't prepare his birthday
Today's weather is not good in Niigata city in Japan. Spelling
I will keep making an effort to write English diaries on Lang-8.
I went to Hong Kong and Macau with my mother and sister.
In Macau, we ate the same egg tarts and saw the same street scenery in a drama I watched.
Though the tart was a little fatty, it was popular among other tourists.
Seeing beautiful buildings, scenery, and shops, we felt like it was a dream.
I can use Japanese and I am especially
He is 5 '' 5, skinny and had long blond hair.
The one I want is very expensive.
tomorrow I will go, though.
They should control themselves although there is the word 'youthful mistake'.
I watched each movie, and I actually felt that the movie lacked an explaination and that it's difficult to understand the story.
My host father sometimes takes me to various place, for example climbing a mountain, or shopping...
If I move downtown, I have more time to do something, study English, talk to strangers, or take workshops...
I therefore envy Korean fans. We are not sure when it will be broadcast in Taiwan. It's like endless waiting and really tortures me.
In a shop, 32V was cheaper than 26V, a staff said 32V was more popular than 26V, so the price was cheaper.
So, I bought some clothes, but, unfortunately, it is too big for me!
Can't remember words, write correct sentences or even can 'tspeak it properly.
I had Japanese homework from my mother.
avoid: We should avoid direct conflict when we disagree.
postpone: Our school postponed the baseball game because of the bad weather.
interfere: Some kids say that day don't want their parents to interfere with them, but in actuality, kids can't live without their interference.
lack: I sometimes lack patience with my sister.
I want to talk with many foreigners in English.
Especially, when its roof is covered with snow.
It's so sweet but it has a terrible smell.
Because, I always believe in the power of jewelery which is a really wonderful power like charming.
Of course, I have one which is anklet was made by myself.
Nara is a traditional prefecture in Japan and it is famous of having deers.
Sentokun is the main Buddhist character of the 1300 year anniversary of Heijokyu because of him having horns.
However, some people debate which character is the best because Sentokun isn't so cute.
Come tomorrow, too.
Recipe for macaroni salad with avocado
Mix all materials in a bowl and add salt and pepper to taste.
I was surprised that some people actually complained about the taste of their lunch.
After all, I just have less time to prepare for my/ the big exam.
Fortunately, I can enjoy sunshine every morning.
Remember, when you get on a train, you have to wait for all people who want to get off it.
I'm going to go snowboarding in Nagano!
As time goes on, I can learn, experience something new that I didn't know about.
There are some vegetables left in the fridge.
I want to know English. My dream is to studiy in a British university.
It was not as strong, however, it was already expected.
We need to see the details and further research on it, so we still have a neutral stance for Hitachi Chemical for now.
I turned on the TV and I was very surprised when I watched the news,
So I thought the earthquake on TV and the one we experienced was different, because it occurred far from here.
The legend was that: Chang E, the goddess of the moon, swallowed the elixir stolen from her husband and flew to the moon.
The Mid-autumn festival is a traditional festival and it means family reunion.
In Sydney's Paddy's Markets, there were many things.
1. Prepare everything before going to work at night
My school is an airline business school and I want to be a great member of staff!
But, I worried about her condition between now and the next olympics.
If somebody tries to compel you to learn a language, or teach you something you don't want to know, it doesn't work.
It's my New Year's Resolution:) I don't know how much time I'll have, but I want to work 2 hours per week at least.
Preferably, I want to spend one hour a day, but I think it is impossible for me.
My mother is very anxious and my father also does not know what to do.
If I had already mastered English perfectly, I would apply to it.
I have just joined the site and I don't understand how to do corrections, not comments.
I tried to correct some people who want to learn the Russian language but I could only leave comments.
Unfortunately, two of them died just after they were born.
I named him Yuki because he is as white as snow, and yuki means snow in Japanese.
Is interesting that now, just six months later, Julia had kittens again.
Unfortunately, this time I will give all the kittens to friends, because I'm going to have a new sister/ brother ^ ^
Miyavi's first concert was awesome! He had a DJ named Teddy Loid (he remixes some of Miyavi's songs) and a musician called KAVKI BOYS.
S: Also, I hope that Miyavi sings the day of my birthday (July 11)..
If I do go to whistler on thursday, I don't care about college.
I suddenly discovered that being alone in a foreign country really challenges my courage and endurance, which really pushed me to a tight situation.
That was something I did not want to admit!
I cannot write it down in English.
My job is Systems Engineer.
The reason of the times is crappy form of management.
There are a lot of problems so I wish this form (of management) disappeared.
mukashi ha nihongo ga amari suki jaarimasen desita nihon go ha hontouni muzukashi kara. demo kare kara ima wa nihon go wo motto2 benkyou sitai desu...
watashi to kare wa takusan chigaimasu yo...
So, I'll go to the office until 8: 30 (every day I go until 8: 00)
She is also an actress.
Shoma helped her.
I wanted to go further west to Turkey through Iran, but 911 happened when I was in the northern part of Pakistan very close to Afghanistan, and so I had to give up my traveling before the Pakistan-India border was closed.
Nothing can cure the heart but the senses.
bus roundtrip, it's kind of a stupid thing!!
before I knew it.
I am a spotlight man and a sound-effects operator.
Good evening everyone!
But the classes starts the day after tomorrow!
I have been so depressed and sad because he was leaving.
He didn't want to spend four days with me before he left just because he was tired of seeing me depressed.
Today I tried to read the practice passage like I was talking with my foreign friends.
so I stayed home all day.
We enjoyed horseback riding very much.
This photo is one of them
I usally drive short distances,
Often it depends on the kind of job the employer is involved with.
If the employee is payed appropriately for his skill, he won't move to other companies, and that would be better for the team.
I am talking about the advantages and disadvantages of playing sports. First, I will talk about the advantages.
On the other hand, I can see some disadvantages to sports.
Today I met a beautiful lady aged 90 years and a handsome guy aged 82 years in a park.
It was very interesting and much impressed me.
One is that they have many topics of conversation including TV news, the catastrophe in Japan, Science, Dutch history and even Alzheimer's disease.
Unfortunately,_ people,_ living in recent days,_ not only scientists but also officers and citizens, concentrate on the most advanced inventions or outer space rather than basic science.
In this essay, I will attempt to explore the causes and solutions.
Specifically,_ it depends on the nature of basic science.
Accordingly, the solutions to this issue should be varied.
In terms of this, teachers not only in primary and secondary schools but in universities and colleges are essential for nurturing students 'passion and curiosity and motivate them to conduct that research.
Although causes of this issue are various and complicated,_ effective measures still can be taken to combat it.
What a nice weather today!
And pictures of the sea and the sunset are beautiful!
He was supposed to stay here until this August, but he went back to Holland the day before yesterday because of the nuclear plant.
I still can't believe that he has left yet.
In Poland the weather is rainy.
When I was in job the weather was sunny.
The teacher using this site is from the Philippines University, it is most inteligent in Philippine.
I love coffee
When I explained to visitor a procedure in English, how to do a cold massage and she told me ``thanks``, I felt like I was in nirvana!
Now I often hear news that a lot of temporary employees (temps) are losing their jobs from the worldwide financial crisis.
What the diference between writing in a journal and free writng?
In my opinion, reading books is the best way to improve writing in Japanese!
This is first diary.
He said that the girl told him that she loves him by text message, and he asked if the girl really loves him, because foreigners don't say ``love`` so easily.
Oh man, Lang-8 is really nice.
I was shocked and got dressed at the speed of light and rushed out of the house.
I like alternative rock, rock steady, reggae, FUNK, ska, and soul.
Autumn is just around the corner.
I grew up in a small town and I liked the quiet atmosphere.
(The amount of) Public transport is convinient.
When I lived in my hometown, I commuted to college by car.
I can dring alcohol in the workplace and I can sleep while commuting between university and my home.
You can meet with many different people and experience (?) many talents and characters if you live in the city.
(I don't know the name of them.) My grandfather said that even though I prepared the guard for the strawberries, the birds take them as the strawberries grow red.
As it's reasonably priced and has good tasting food/ tasty food.
I had imagined a simple dining hall but the outside appearance is quite beautiful and the inside also had a good atmosphere.
The attached picture was drawn by a fan.
It is difficult to understand...
I think that his performance was almost perfect in spite of his weak team Sauber.
Everybody in the circuit regarded him as special immediately.
Today, I wrote a journal!
And last, the main character is loved by everyone.
My boyfriend buildted them as he checked the manual.
My job is computer programming, in the field of* Embedded. Day by day, I write a little boring programming and read manuals written in english explaining IC (cpu, controllers, and so on) usage.
Only optimyzing programming that will more efficiently use the cpu or multi core cpu makes me happy.
Learning computer science without understanding english is more difficult, but I hope to learn their higher level of technology.
So, I unusually chose another bus.
The story goes back...
If you will teach me, please become my friend.
Thank you for reading.
So I'm happy because the holidays are coming and I can get out everyday with my friends =D
Going to my part-time job, I took my wallet out of my bag to take the subway.
There was my tomato juice bottle, and it had spilled because the cap was not exactly locked!!!
People might think strangely, someone wiped red liquid like blood!
I smelled it while commuting to my part-time job.
It's about how to learn English. I regret sometimes that I did not persist in doing dictation and writing exercises everyday.
I try to use more complicated words to make more interesting articles, but, unfortunately, I find out that I don't even know what to write in my own native language.
I've recently developed an interest in studying Japanese and Spanish, so I hope that I'll be able to write some entries in those languages soon!
For instance, English has more clear structures than any other languages, which helps Japanese people to learn more quickly and deeply.
That's because Japanese people have logical thinking.
That is, Japanese people would be well matched for learning English.
Moreover, now English is being taught to children in schools, but if another language became the official language of Japan, we will have to teach it to children in elementary school.
I want to be good at English, that's why I register and write a diary in English.
Iwas tryingto find Icarly's transcript.
My team dropped from B-league to C-league last year, so our team's top priority this year was to win all nine games and to win the relegation-deciding match.
However, we have already lost two games. To qualify for the relegation-deciding match, our team has to be in first or second place in my league, so we can't lose tomorrow's match.
it has become a popular food nowadays.
Honestly, I've been studying English for a longtime.
Sometimes I watch American dramas on FOX to practice my listening skills in English.
My favorite drama is Ghost.
I hope I can understand these TV programs naturally in the future!
Seeing them made me want to buy one, even though I hadn't intended to do so.
So I arrived at the gymnasium at PM 8: 20.
Many friends would be able to correct my diary entries, and I would be able to correct a Korean learner's entry too!
I want to go to America, Britain, or Australia.
It allows ordinary people to serve as judges in criminal court trials.
Under the system, six citizens are elected randomly to sit in criminal cases, such as murder, robbery and so on.
The court will begin summoning lay judges in July.
I think as the training keeps going, it's getting harder.
So, I think realy hard about the work that involves taking care of my daughters.
I'm happy when I see the my daughters smile.
Also, you have to take off slippers and put on another pair of slippers when you enter the bathroom,
I found Japanese customs might not be understood by foreign people.
Then I took the No. 1 bus to Zhuijang Road.
Your advertisement was really interesting.
The position has attracted my attention because I think that my qualifications will meet your requirements.
I am a graduate of Dhonburi Ratchaphat University and I hold a bachelor's degree in Public Administration.
While studying at the university, I enjoyed learning new things and participating in all kind of activities, such as Public Administration and Low End Management and I am very well accepted amongst my friends and enjoy challenging tasks.
Please, correct all my mistakes.
I feel lazy, don't feel like eating breakfast, or doing yoga excercise,,,
I have been playing table tennis with my sister for six month.
So, I'll start working there next il April.
Minsa is very well known. This beautiful fabric can be found in gift shops throughout Okinawa.
They are made in the shape of a legendary animal and are usually placed on gates and roofs to ward off evil spirits that may harm the people, their families and the village.
First, it disperses your body's pressure more widely than conventional ones, so you can sleep well.
By the way, When I watched the weather forecast, the weather reporter said the rainy season will start this weekend.
Usually rainy days are very cool and clear, but the rainy season is very humid and gloomy
So I hope the rainy season ends early.
Do you like the rainy season?
My daughter is stronger than me.
Yesterday it was repaired by one of my best friends and it is back to normal now.
My favorite food is chocolate.
(A HYDEIST is a member of HYDE's fan club.)
Today, our class lost in the basketball competition, but I think that not everything in life is a competition. Class seven, ok? Go for it.
I recommend potato-chips with chocolate as a present from Hokkaido.
Of course both man and woman.
I started writing an English diary today.
I hope this website (?) made me increase the English and the Korean language skill!
It was ``Girls generation``! They are soooo cute! They sang ``Gee``.
Recently, I am into KOREA! I would like to visit SHINOOKUBO.
It is so powerful place.
I search information over the Internet about work! lol I wanna go soon....! but, I need money! so, I am going to work tomorrow fo my goal!
This class is required (or mandatory? Either is fine!
I can't speak and listen to it properly, even though I've studied for more than a year.
My friend said his relative who is fifteen years old is going wrong recently.
But these are very expensive in Singapore.
For example, a cigarette is triple the price of a Japanese one, also alcohol is from double to triple the price of Japanese one.
Additionally, the goverment manages them strongly and if they go bad once, it's very difficult to recover their career.
They can buy cigarettes and alcohol, and also drugs.
I'm a lawyer. Today is a boring day so I'm searching how to learn English and I found this site!!!
Please correct these sentences!!
It is very difficult but delightful.
Fortunately, I haven't had a traffic accident.
we watched a comic movie and drank
I ate lunch with my colleagues.
Recently on Saturday and Sunday, I helped the preliminary games of the high school baseball tournament.
In particular, I activate the electronic scoreboard and keep the score (scoring a strike, ball out, etc.). It's very fun because I love baseball so much!
I think it's because there were many chances to eat out.
I am studying business administration at a university.
Currently that company does not have any foreign customer, but will expand overseas in the near future.
I was really jealous.
However, I love English so much, so I hope I can improve my English here.
Tsunami is coming
It was raining this morning.
Yesterday, an earthquake occured off the coast of Chili.
The seismic sea wave is coming to Japan.
A seismic sea wave is called a tsunami in Japan.
The Japan Meteorological Agency says that the width of the tsunami is about 1m along Tokyo bay.
It is important to watch for the tsunami, but it is a little difficult seeing the TV channel.
My hobbies: Playing sports, watching movies, listening to music, playing the guitar, singing, and reading books.
It surprised me a bit, but August 31 is the first day of the new school term for my older boy/ son!
The Japanese dialects
In the kitchen, there are two refrigerators, and they will be full of food.
She was nominated for an Oscar, which is a big award that everyone knows of.
Actually, I practiced singing Miley songs in English before I came to the USA.
For me, she is very out going and has so much confidence as a singer and as a movie actress.
Unlike other beautiful actresses, she is very natural and shows who she is.
She probably dislikes being called Hannah Montana in the Disney movie.
This hotel is managed by a nice woman. She is about fifty years old and treated us as if we were her own daughters.
May be a liar doesn't realize that sooner or later his/ her lie will be revealed.
So I bought almond candy today.
At first I was afraid because I don't have enough Bible knowledge.
But I have prayed to the Lord that I wanted to serve otheres.
I was crying, I completely felt the love of the Lord..
And then, I thought I would like to go to the biggest book store in my prefecture,
When I got on, one Asian guy got on at the same time.
I noticed it after he left and I thought I should hand it to the station officer, but it was kind of weird because the purse was made of crocodile leather.
For example, if an earthquake happens, what can they do?
I stayed up to prepare for the German test last night, so I was a little sleepy all day.
What I have learned from today's lesson is that I have little vocabulary, so I decided to do some paper work hard.
For half a year, I have done nothing but listen to basic English conversations on my Ipod.-----I think this sentence is wrong. I don't know how to express it.
I hope we join round 16 together.
We were flying the kite, but the wind was really strong. I couldn't hold it anymore. I don't understand.
There are four different plastic bottles and a can of green tea.
Yesterday, I had a dream in which a foreigner spoke to me in English and I responded to him.
I like to drink juice that I have made using a mixer. mixer.
I often drink banana milk shake juice that I have made
I drank an apple juice milkshake this morning.
is very hot.
I want to write journals in Japanese however my Japanese is not good enough yet.
I caught a cold.
Recently, I hardly eat any hot food.
It is not huge but it has various animals.
Dozo yoroshiku onegaishimasu.
But fortunately, one of my relative who is Bostonian invited me to join the X 'mas party!!
I'm not sure if American people celebrate or just enjoy.
Anyway, I should prepare to the party.
One of them is in Harvard University.
so, I'm thinking of taking another school (Harvard) class.
But I don't want to miss the opportunity to study hard ``English``
You see, they were almost naked except only Fundoshis--Japanese traditional men's underwear. I don't have my own, unfortunately.
At that time, the Ministry of Education considered that learning English at primary school can cause the loss of Japanese language proficiency and deficiency of knowledge on other subjects.
Now that we have gained prosperity by exporting mechanics to foreign countries, we need to communicate with many English speaking people who are not only from America but also many other countries.
My language exchange partner
I met him nine years ago and we have been chatting through skype for seven years from Monday to Friday.
I could talk with him almost everyhing about myself, like having trouble, complaning something and being angry about something.
He is a really good friend, not only as a language partner but when our priorities change a lot, we can create time to study together.
It is really difficlut for us to keep our motivation high.
I'm sure they taste fantastic!
Althoughit was so chilly, I felt very good.
Another one of my friends is studying business management, but she is intersted in many fields, even art.
I thought that art and business are unrelated.
She is also interested in social welfare and irregularites.
Maybe we aren't allowed to barbecue there, so the someone in the neighborhood made a phone call to the fire station.
My father looked happy because all of his children came and visited his wife's grave together.
Besides, we want to go to seoul tower.
I have never experienced eating outside, so I want to try a street restaurant ^ ^
Because Tanzania is a pretty big country, the road condition is not good, and the transportation condition is also not good, so we cannot meet often after we left for our new post.
I have been learning English [since] junior high school, senior high school, and university, [so that's] about 8 years.
Nonetheless, there are many buildings that have been here for several hundred years.
We went to Nagano last week and stayed for two nights with our relatives living in a neighbouring area.
More exercises, more mistakes...
In software business, English is most important language because almost major software is created by USA.
Technical documents are written in english.
I wonder whether I will be able to pass a driving test.
So I will present them orally this Spring.
If you are reading my diary, please fix any incorrect sentences.
Korean companies appear to enhance their competitiveness in the global market by luring qualified people worldwide to Korea, and Koreans who are willing to or are forced to live abroad support Korean companies outside Korea.
and now I'm so hungry...
First, if we couldn't find a job before graduation
So one of the most important things for Japanese students
is to find a job during your study.
It is called ``Free iFlashcard``.
It is Kansai dialect.
They have Tonkotu soup and thin noodles.
But since I'm a doctor, I work at an emergency information center instead.
To get more active and productive, I have started to make more of an effort to learn foreign languages, especially English and Japanese.
The reason why I chose English is that it is such a common language spoken all over the world and is necessary in this day and age.
I will study more and more to improving my language skill.
I work for an electronics company, in the legal department.
Please, teach me English.
D was absent, we would want a substitute who is also a native speaker, if possible.
You might notbelieve this, but most Korean parents let their baby sleep in their bed even until the baby becomes five or six years old.
(hope I didn't quote the name wrong ~) If this were the case, the whole system would undergo a transformation with so much uncertainty and no one could foresee what's going to happen.
If you regard teaching as a platform or shelter for you because of the economic slowdown, you are looking in the wrong direction, you should not be a teacher.
At 7 o 'clock I went to watch the match`` Arsenal VS Barcelona ``with my friends.
Take myself for example. I started English from junior middle school and my cousin began to study it from elementary school. She spent 6 more years studying english than I did,_ hence her English is much better than mine.
I still remember the time we spent the whole afternoon havinga chat in the sunshine in my courtyard.
I eventually spent two and a half hour there.
She taught me some Korean, her eyes were shining and she was full of energy, even though she was old.
Hope our trip will be safe and fun.
What should
Mechanics is so complicated that takes me a very very long time.
These are series about the four famous Chinese classics: Dream of the Red Chamber, Water Margin, Journey to the West, and Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
I have to go out from my small office right now to catch the last train, but temperature interferes with me...
I had a very ordinary day today
Even though I didn't have enough instructions, after a few days I remembered all the essential points of passing this test and became better at controlling the clutch, so the instructor let me to practice by myself on another car.
Russian Dinner
There, on display, were some Matryoshka dolls in addition to a Russian cook book and travel books.
I ordered Russian salad for the appetizer.
At that time, there was an Italian acquaintance of COO.
He said, ``I let the painting express my feelings``
I wanted to talk about Italian art of the middle ages, but I felt like he would not be intersted in them...
What's the difference between ``sort of`` and ``kind of``?
Therefore I had to ride my motorcycle today.
This temple attracts visitors all over Japan.
Even if it's written in English, I feel like your comment is very familiar.
People think in a similar way, even though they speak different languages, I think.
So I woke up laughing!!
They make noise late at night and live as though it were their own house.
However, she is a classmate of K and she told me that she just has to be patient against her will.
I wanna continue to draw pictures.
When he was in his twenties, he achieved a alliance to reform Japan.
They are my relatives ^ ^
I like children very much ^ ^
I had a good time with little cute girls.
I haven't finish all of them yet:(
To manage the router I had to explore many new and interesting things, such as kernel making, establishing net rules with firewall 'ip_ tables', traffic counting and many other things.
I sent an email to a native English teacher who works in a high school with my wife to get some adviceon reading English articles.
(I really don't want to bother you and hate to ask you this, but it would be a great honor to get some advice from you.)
I hope you can listen to the attached MP3 file, and tell me whatever you feel as a native speaker (mainly in terms of overall correctness and accuracy of pronunciation, intonation, accent).
Ginpei is the cutest baby I have ever seen.
When pest viruses invade the human body, a macrophage eats it.
Let's go back in time and pretend to witness what happened.
As if he had been struck by lightning, in one glorious moment his life was permanently changed.
Hiroshi was thinking about playing tennis after work.
Next day his manager asked him to do a lot of documents until the end of the week.
So he couldn't go to tennis.
This year I bought them from UNICEF; a lot of Santas are on it and each one looks happy.
I heard that living with a homestay family is the most important for improving my English skill, so I need a homestay family who has enough time to talk to me a lot, and I want a harmonious homestay family who is very kind, caring, and thoughtful.
I was going back to Tokyo form Izu on Sunday but I couldn't do so because of tsunami forecast caused by Chile's earthquake.
Nothing is impossible for people who have those 2 things.
I have lived in Toronto since mid October.
I think foreign beer is stronger than Japanese beer.
He is fluent in Japanese and English.
many English words are borrowed into Japanese, such as post, convenience store, TV.
I want to be able to go skiing.
I want to protect my most important thing.
According to him Okocha is a professional football player's name.
He belongs an amateur football team.
No one can understand me completely except myself.
This photo is of a lily of the valley that a neighbor gave our family a few days ago.
``Nao`` is my Japanese name,
but I'm Taiwanese!!!:)
Yep.
Nevertheless, some companies still take advantage of (the) Japanese 'English complex' and advertise suspicious items.
Although, I was quite sure he did something really bad, it was a revenge to another classmate.
It was the first seminar and we talked about the purpose of life.
It is for the benefit of nature.
It is a abbreviation for Test of English for International Communication.
It consist of 200 multiple-choice questions divided into reading part
Some universities adopt it as a requirment for admission and credits according to TOEICscore.
they only focus on reading and listening.
Shaking hands are very formal, we only use it before an interview, or if we meet someone we don't know.
Reasonable and healthy lunch makes me rush to Subway.
Are dramas broadcastin your countries?
My senior.
I don't like one senior (student) in my lab.-> suggestion
Recently, one of my friends told me that he had a plan to go abroad to study English.
It was a nice restaurant with pictures of Hawaii.
I finally got my computer in good working condition.
I'm sorry about late replies to messages.
I went to Korea town in Shin-Okubo, Tokyo with my friends yesterday.
Although, before that I would like to go to South Korea, because South Korea is quite close to Japan and would only take 3 hour by plane.
I went out of the classroom because I was irritated.
It was like a real scene.
So the preparation has been hard for us for about one month.
But I couldn't.
I'm looking forward to starting our new life.
My work has quietly changed for various reasons.
I was able to have many challenging opportunities.
Sometimes I feel uncomfortable in my situation.
Anyway, the last Exam is the database course and that is the biggest// most serious problem for me......
In those days, I felt that people divided themselves into knowers and not-knowers/ non-knowers or haves and have-nots.
Lately, the very popular girl group ``AKB48`` is famous for dressing in school uniforms, in Japan.
For that reason, the educational department started to renew textbooks for elementary schools.
about Japanese education getting back to its old days of learning, which focuses on more learning by heart than learning by activity.
Anyway, I think this renewal will be effective in elementary schools
They will release their single CD and an original album.
I have a 3 year-old daughter.
I'm trying to have free time in the morning.
We are influenced by everything which we are surrounded, but we hardly notice them.
I know the lyrics are controversial but I liked the music as soon as I heard it.
I'm learning English.
So I still don't know a thing or two about it.
My temporary office in London.
It's so nervous.
I am very nervous right now.
I have prepared it for four months.
Thinking of myself and knowing myself well.
Today I thought about myself. I thought about my character, habits, dreams, achievements and failures.
regarded myself as a very passionate person who make objectives to achieve and execute them diligently.
Mum, Dad and Grandma went to Ping-tong to join a wedding.
I missed their phone calls eight times because I was studying in the cram school and didn't feel the vibrations of my cell phone...
When I found the message from Mum, I called them back.
I guessed they gave up trying to find me and went home, but I was wrong.
I felt so sorry that I missed the calls and I felt Mum and Dad's love for me,
Could you imagine?---sometimes the temperature is 22 celsius but on the other hand, sometimes it's 12 celsius like today.
I can stand it raining and suddenly turning sunny for only half a day, but my body can't adjust to the gap in the temperature......
Today, my homework is to write the essay ``Problem of Combining Work and College``
and I have been thinking about how to accomplish it.
I have a question.
It was the first time that I got a strong perm in my hair, so I am very satisfied with my Air Wave.
I wonder why white small food (rice) can make various food.
Do you know a food which makes various foods?
I to stand in the subway for an hour before coming home.
But it is intense impact.
I still hate it with a burning passion but I decided that I can't burn it if I haven't read it first but I have to be honest with you...
The reason for the 28th of February
As you know, the last day of February is the 28th.
The king said to one of his servants:
``But a year has a maximum of 365 days, so if you wanna add a day to August, you have to take a day from somewhere else.
if we take a day from January? ``
January is an auspicious month.
I can't allow you to take it from January. ``
to take it from February? ``
``Undoubtedly.``
I was taught this.
But I don't know why February originally has 29 days...
because I often forget them.
^ ^ wahahahaha ^ ^
For example, when he or she wants to write about metaphors, he or she will write something like ``The mechanisms of metaphorical thought are present in our most common concepts: time, events, causation, and so on...
I had made new friends
My host family had BBQ too.
I think China is a good and kind country, so I like Shanghai more and more every time.
I'm working on translating the confidentiality agreement from English to Japanese.
Maybe I'll buy the next generation.
Hence, students completely depend on tutorials and unfortunately they forget about their lectures due to focusing only on the classroom tutorial.
First of all, tutorials are considered a waste of time and money.
Having mentioned the disadvantages of tutorials, I should also mention the advantages.
First of all, tutorials cancel the distance between the teachers and the students and as a result of that students can ask freely with out being afraid. From my point of view, this is a very important thing for every student. They also stress information that students need.
To sum up, if we make a list of what is written before, we will see that the disadvantages of these tutorials outweigh the advantages. So students should attend their classes regularly and follow their teacher's instructions instead of tutorials which waste time and money.
I'm planing to eat many traditional Chinese foods, such as Peking duck and dumplings, as well as walk around the Great Wall of China.
What I'm looking forward to doing the most, is making new friends.
A busy season has just started.
Spring break started yesterday, so I came to Boston because my roommate is from Boston. I am at his house now.
Today, We went to the city and tried a Japanese restaurant, but I didn't think it was very good, haha.
Today I heard the word ``marvelous``.
I did 'nt know the word`` marvelous ``.
But Japanese people who have been living there for a long time are quite crazy.
All children have a dream or dreams
But I think a lot of students of college don't have dreams anymore.
Learn how to pursue, how to love, and how to live.
I bought some English movies:
I don't know what I should do.
I want to ask, if someone knows, how to make learning more effective.
And I want to speak like a native speaker, so how can I get more expirience?
I felt local people's English was much better than ours.
He is very famous for not only being an artist but also a professional
My part-time job is to mark my students 'homework and teach them math, Japanese and so on.
It has a qwerty keybord like blackberry's phone and you can type very fast like pc, also the OS is multitasking, so you can change the applications while they are running!
I didn't remember to charge it the night before!!
That was horrible!
Many young Japanese have a weakness for brand names.
In the future, I'll write about why I go to school on the weekend.
I usually go to study at the yoyogi seminar in HAKATA.
During holiday, I eat lunch near the yoyogi seminar.
Some free school students are physically challenged, and some of them suffer from depression.
The free school where I did volunteer work is similar to ordinary schools.
Actually, free schools are one of the nonprofit organizations, so they're in financial difficulties.
Probably, that picture made me what I am.
Various topics are shown up one after another: ``I have a dream`` speech by King, The Beatles 'first appearance on TV, Barack Obama, 911, etc.
One of them says ``we are not talking about Tom and Jerry``, just after she answered, ``Barack Obama's speech`` in a serious face that doesn't match her age.
I enjoy learning it.
As my favorite country is Hawaii, my dream is to live in Hawaii.
They have to learn too many subjects, such as English, math, physics, chemistry, biology and so on.
I have no idea.
I'll try to upload photos of these.
we did stop to cheer for our teammates at the last lap.
I believe my dream will come true.
I think I will be on a working holiday in New Zealand.
Although it was the first time in a long time since we had graduated from school, we enjoyed conversation and time went by quickly.
But now I think it is more important to develop friendships through the memory of shared experiences instead of only studying so hard.
But I just now realized that I am doing a presentation tomorrow.
Family Party
International exchange is very difficult because there are many cultures and religions.
I think that's enough.
Today's dinner is Thai curry.
Perhaps they all have been auctioned off or became someone's pillow.
In April, I have a lot of things to get done after personnel reshuffles for a new quarter.
Gion Festival
When we heard the fact that he took part in the movie as a hero, we were surprised.
So I took an aspirin to write this journal.
This is the second challenge for me.
Tomorrow is Saturday!!
My hobbies are listening to music, playing table tennis, and surfing the Internet.
In the future, I will write more articles about my life. I welcome anyone who wishes to refine my entries!
I'm Noi. I live in Bangkok. I'm an administrator and operator. At the moment I get up early every day to go to the company. The company opens at 8. 30 am.
I am happy to day I can spend time checking my e-mails and reading English books and writing English too. Tomorrow I must to arrange documents for the employees in my company
I must read books before I sleep today.
Have a good day! I If you would like to study Thai, I will help you.
In Japan, some people need a sense of humorin theirco-worker.
After watching it, I became positive, and I think it is important not to be afraid of anything.
Hello everyone!
Well, I haven't a clear dream in the future now.
And it is so difficult to search music program in Tokyo.
I want to listen to some high quality music programs in Tokyo.
Her director recommended her to quit because he thought her work was not important and others could do that instead of her.
He seems to see what he wants to; like being late often or not asking vendors seriously what he wants.
When the police pulled me over, he told me that I was flagrantly disobeying the rule, and he gave me a one-hundred-dollar speeding ticket.
I sat down and pondered how I could make it through all those things when I suddenly I heard the announcemet on the speaker for all employees to gather together inside the conference room.
He had to cut down the number of employees, and I was the third name he called.
I completely forgot that I had missed three classes in a row, but the college's rule is that if this happens, you're automatically out.
Finally, there was a massive disaster at home.
I could not believe it when I saw that my whole kitchen was flooded.
However, I still believed I could rebuild my life and persevere in my goals for my future.
My heart keeps racing, and I cannot believe what a crazy day this has been.
We ate super delicious seafood with mojito for lunch in Key West!
This is the MOST southern point in the U. S.
I strongly recommend you that visit Key West if you have the chance!
Time goes by like this without relation to the situation of the world and the hearts of people.
There are a lot of opinions about a mood of self-control.
First, this is a present from my customer who went to Egypt last year.
This is a calendar made by pupils, a little piramid, a bookmark and a sweets like a dry fruits.
She had been to there before the protests and I'm so glad no harm was done.
Egypt is one of the countries where I want to go.
But this didn't happen and I heard on that radio that during the match some Lazio fans rejoiced for Inter players 'goals!!!!!
I have been slack off and goof off to keep a diary.
First, I have a few English vocablaries and in addition my grammer is terrible.
So, I should have kept a diary every day.
Before long, Do I use to keep a diary?
In college, I seldom spend time studying English and read magazines or listen to the radio.
Rehab means rehabilitation.
There are many beautiful beaches in my town.
Several musicians were there on the stage, and the sound was full of euphoria.
Other staff members were working until 2 AM everyday.
I went to the amusement park with my friend yesterday.
I stretch and bend my limbs slowly while taking deep breaths.
She has been in hospital for more than two months to avoid early delivery.
I have a boy friend who is younger than me. He is 6 years old younger than me. I was in love with him a lot at the beginning of 3 months, but now I'm confused as to whether I love him or not?
I don't know how to talk about this with him because he often gets angry (that's another reason I can't stand him [/ RED]) I worry that if I talk about this with him, he would not talk with me for a while....
Many customers say our prices are higher than other suppliers.
The wood construction of the sofa is very sturdy.
First, I boiled the noodles.
It's delicious and reasonable!
Today, I sp spoke to an old friend for a long time on a cellular phone. (cell phone)
I registered with Lang-8 because I want to make friends and do business in English.
Recently, I have had a problem with my neck after I hurt it 2 weeks ago.
My first time ``Lang-8``
Hello:> This is my first time writing a diary entry in ``Lang-8``.
The outcome is important but the time we are engaged is meaningless.
Jun asked me to play tennis this morning.
I made my husband got up at 7.
I asked them to buy some food for lunch before they go to school or office.
My husband was worried.
Because they wanted to buy food first in the convenience store.
I'm thinking of studying English vocabulary and reading but I don't have enough time to concentrate on those things.
my wife comes home today!
yesterday, she washed all the dirty clothes and sheets.
I hope I can learn english well.
High salary, permanent employment and state...
Also, if he does not know the rules of the bus, the Japanese man should not get angry with him butexplain the Japanese way.
I can imagine it is not easy, however, it is the best way to understand both cultures throughout the trip.
I have an apartment with three suites for singles.
It is very useful so it will be easy to write English diaries on the train.
I registered on Lang-8
In my view, I don't have much opportunities to use english.
I will try to write a personal diary every day.
I'm really disappointed with myself....
Moreover, our wedding ceremony is coming in a month!
Ganbare jibun!
About 2 years ago I went to Koh Sri Chang every month because my friend was doing research there on snails.
In this story, the main character Pip suddenly has a chance to receive the great expectation by someone.
In the next part he stays in. a giants-inhabited island
Business conditions have been bad for the last year, and the high yen will have a bad effect export companies.
So I decided to borrow a book, Forrest Gump.
I knew Forrest Gump but, I don't know it in detail.
Recently everyone is upset in our Research InstitueInstitute, because of the personnel changes.
I think maybe I will change my job if the new Research institueInstitute is not good for me, but now I am just waiting.
I love this sentence the best:
I was fascinated...
She recommended this site, showing me her several world-wide friends.
How have you been?
Now, I am in Gold Coast in Australia.
I worry about meeting my foreigner friend.
Now and then I think that I have to try to study English more.
This is the third time I have celebrated with my friends, whom I have known from high school for almost five years.
In that event we could eat a famous cook's food for only five hundred-yen which we cannot normally eat at such a low price, and heard the special talk show about environment.
He is very famous not only in Japan, but also in the world as a famous yachting sailor.
Yes, it is true under the policy of ``one country two systems``.
I want to become a translator, especially for movies. '
It will be such hard work because words that translators can use in a line are specified by rules of translation.
I don't know how long it will take, but I want to become translator.
Because there are some places where many people were killed by tsunamis in northern Japan.
We took part in a Halloween parade in West Hollywood and took
communicate with Americans smoothly.
These girls have different nationalities such as Chinese, American and Korean.
What do you think you should do so that people think you're professional?
However, the number of selfish parents has been increasing recently, I think.
The thought that someone will fix my mistakes and incorrect grammar makes me so excited.
In order to make my English easier to understand, my teacher wants me to use a higher tone of voice.
4) I had no girlfriends before I knew you. but you have had two boy friends
, Australia, China, India, and Sudan.
I enjoyed communicating with them.
to be continued in ``Introduce myself (2)``
Well, I'm going to buy some ingredients for our lunch after this.
In this country, foreigners can't buy flats except for condominiums which are super expensive.
But there are many foreingers in Singapore; according to some websites, 45% of people in Singapore are foreigners.
It means, normal Singaporeans who own flats can easily get extra incomes from foreigners.
In Japan foreigners still can rent rooms from real estate companies.
It's definitely because many people want to live in Singapore the rest of their lives.
As you know, an earthquake happened in Japan.
But, I happened to watch NHKTV ``professional`` on Feb 28th.
I can't understand the difference; (.
So, I fall asleep in lectures.
(Eating out is a little expensive for me.
I probably won't spend much money this month so I thought that I should treat myself.
At first glance, there is a vivid landscape with a small shed on the beach, securely covered up in the cove, with towering hills in the background.
My 1st diary!
Every morning when I opened my eyes, I would have messages from him on my cell phone.
I have a lonley telephone.
Furthermore, Recently my assignments have been getting more difficult, and they require a higher level of English.
I really appreciate your support.
and then I got up to make a sandwich with tuna and cheese
for my son before he went to school.
I know that English is supposed to mean people from England.
Is this correct?
My mom, my cousin and I went to the supermarket. We bought a lot of toiletries, like soaps, shampoos and so on.
I've decided to keep writing in this journal everyday before.
To learn a language it needs patience and motivation and opportuinities to use it.
First, he describes very well the image of human who is not perfect.
Though, according to the magazine, some stories are recognized that the main casts of his novels overcome nature, the wins are not always incomplete.
For these reasons, I think that he is a great author who describes human's imperfections.
He is Chu, He was created by me, He can fly whereever as supermouse.
It has history of approximately 400 years.
First, we learned how to do a breath method.
The method made me feel easy.
My first yoga became a recreation.
I hate to get my cell phone wet, because I purchased an expensive one last year.
where one can observe the beautiful stars.
and besides, it was at midnight.
We tend to regard symmetry as beautiful.
You couldn't find any differences when you look at it.
Yes, it has no anatomical difference between the left hemisphere and the right one.
There is a hint for this question in a clinical symptom of patients who have brain damage in the right hemisphere.
This symptom is called hemispatial neglect.
Patients who have brain damage in the left hemisphere don't have this symptom.
But they might be canceled.
If you see any sentence that can be better, please tell me.
They were supposed to start running a corn farm there, but since they were still in Singapore, they did not even bother to check the land in person.
But unfortunatelly there were many CHEEKY MONKEYS in that area.
Every month those monkeys would eat only mature/ ripe coconuts there.
Her husband tried to ask hunters to kill those monkeys, but killing that species was illegal.
My colleague who told me this story stopped talking, because nobody knew the rest of this story any more.
They should have considered their plan carefully.
For example, noodle, squid, shellfish or mushroom.
I wanted some conversation with my wife.
However, I was lucky today. I thought it was Wednesday so I still have one more day to attend classes. But today is Thursday.
I had a vaccination against the flu today so I won't catch flu when I take the entrance exams for university.
I actually like having an injection, but it hurt more than any I've ever taken. I have to have it again next month...
My English is so poor, I hope somebody can help me to improve my English level.
it's so hot in my country!!
it was difficult when I first started to drive.
Seventh, put it in the plastic bag for 1 ~ 2hours (summer time).
Eighth, spread it and you should be about 2mm thick using a pole.
Nineth, cut it about 3mm width.
It doesn't have any taste so please use udon sauce.
Also, I want to know what part of Japanese grammar I should introduce in first when I teach survival-level Japanese to my friends from foreign countries. OR foreign friends.
Because of shows like Lost, CSI, Prison Break, I started to notice: TV drama is in the US, too.
However, learning English is my important work and I will keep on.
My friend introduce me to this web to improve my english.
It is my friend Se-hee's birthday in two days.
I wondered what to do because I can't decide our topic without their ideas and permission.
I was so disappointed at their irresponsibility.
At that age, a woman thinks about the ``life of a woman`` or ``work of a woman``. in Japan.
It's means that ``She chooses a family (getting married) rather than her dream.
Of course he knows ^ ^)
Because it has a little bit poison in its organs and eyes, so if people eat them without treating them correctly, people can die.
I have not eaten sashimi since I've got to Australia,
She gave me it with a little hesitation.
He got married, too and bought a new refrigerator for his wife.
But, if I were a short-sleeper, I would have enough time to do something early in the morning.
Today I went to a yakitori restaurant with my family.
Yakitori is like grilled chicken, skewered on a bamboo stick and
Also, we can choose any part of the chicken we would like to eat.
After the big earthquake, it's very hard to get gasoline, even in areas around Tokyo.
I ran to some gas stations near my house to verify the conditions of the gas stations.
Some gas stations are closed, but other gas stations are open.
Do people living near Tokyo really need gasoline?
We can go anywhere by train around Tokyo.
However, there is a beer-like alcohol.
I like beers all around the world, such as Guiness, Budwiser, Coors, Chintao, Singha, Heineken, and so on!
I prepared two batches of cookie dough, chocolate and vanilla.
I was very surprised that there are old buildings on the side of the road.
For a short time driving, I can see the tall buildings.
I give up easily, but I want to continue to write it.
I can guarantee there are no Japanese young people who don know this song
It's my first post here so let's consider it to be kind of a test.
I just hum the songs.
Unfortunately, I couldn't pass this time. (+_ +)
What is the question that was hidden in the ``Mona Lisa`` and ``The Last Supper``?
Malaysia is one of the most famous countries which has achieved a major renaissance in a very short time.
Mahateer Mohamed was the prime minister for the twenty years in which this change in their country occurred.
He didn't give the people money or land. He just believed in them and in their power to build the country once again.
(this is the last sentence of yesterday's diary)
I read just a few pages, but it is very interesting!
The meaning of a short sentence is too difficult for me to comprehend.......
The cucumber I ate had a weird taste but I was too lazy to get another one from the kitchen.
Japanese Grammar
For those who have a hard time with learning Japanese Grammar
This is good for learners of Japanese grammar.
I was wrong. I need to study hard and practise English every chance I can.
I have been pursuing this girl for almost half a year.
My recent worries are the heat in Japan and my backache......
Hello, friends.
One of my friends told me about this site.
shocked and determined to study English again.
Yesterday with my friends
Hello everybody!
I really don't like to use one.
Japanese people often take the outside to eat.
Hello, my english.
He looked embarrassed because I haven't gotten angry before.
Someone kill human just habitually, can you accept this?
I've just thought that unilaterally.
(Actually, I was staring at him during the party.
I eat low fat foods, konnyaku mushrooms, and so on.
Today is Saturday. I do not go to the company tomorrow because it's Sunday, so I feel happy.
I have a new employee to interview for a job. I'll smooth the water for her before my boss interviews her.
I would like to connect to the internet at my house.
They said that they will give me a new number for me to connect to the internet at my house.
They will be come by to service and connect the internet about 7 days after I called them.
Thank for you teaching me English.
Because a sandwich is portable, especially because my daughter is a night person who tends to oversleep, and sometimes has no time for breakfast, is important.
I have just registered for the TOEFL test now.
Historically, the Japanese way of English education has concentrated on reading and grammar.
2) The Faculty of Civil Law and Free Enterprise
The graduates work as officials in central and executive bodies of power.
Some graduates later become judges, prosecutors, and advocates.
All necessary facilities are available to students for high-level comprehensive training.
The person thought to himself, ``He's very stingy.
so animation songs have been developing inversely.
It's a serious problem in Japan.
So I want to cooperate with a domestic FD food manufacturer and sell FD products to foreign countries via (through) my English website.
If any one have interests in this kind of business, you can contact me.
Tonight I am really missing my family and friends who live in my country.
Tomorrow morning I am going to school
I wonder how the author was able to so realistically describe the thoughts and actions of the boy?
What's the Pirate English?
When I was trying to change the language from Japanese to English in Facebook, I found some ``English`` es there.
What I saw on the screen was really unfamiliar English for me.
I was stuck at home the whole time, watched too many episodes of the sitcom Friends; nearly 10.
I want to write about Chandler and Phoebe, but I don't remember anything about them.
Next month I'm going to go to the Philippines to study English for a week using my vacation time.
The Philippines is one of the English-spoken countries, and many Korean college students go there to study English.
I've never been to the Philippines and am looking forward to going there.
(Simply)
hmmmm..
Listen and write down
Now, I listen and write down for at least thirty minutes everyday
He gave me some advice.
It's about a male fright attendant snapping at a passenger.
In Japan, customers always come first, we have to treat customers like a god, so that kind of thing can't happen.
But I'm sure many people are stressed out and really want to do that, so I also think he is a hero!!
youtube.
Unfortunately, my team has been very bad the last five years. The players didn't practice very hard and they were defeated several times.
Now I am very upset because my team has been recently defeated again, but whatever happens I will not give up my dream that this team will make a comeback.
I guess it's because she hasn't had many opportunities to talk with Japanese people before.
I should get familiar with the way native speakers talk...
Other members didn't want to become seafood but nobody stopped him.
So we played softball in disguise.
I could not respond to most of the questions.
How did you learn writing English?
It's difficult for me to spell.
My favorite school event is the sports festival
Both inventions are a kind of instrument to measure the same thing.
last night I called my mom and said ``I would like to study English more by staying in Austrailia mom``
I will try anything to improve English and my self worth!!
Children could make experiments.
I have to decide what to do. Either get a job or advance to doctor course.
Unless they came here, they must wanna get to speak English fluently.
But I sometimes speak Japanese when I hang out with Japanese friends although I criticize other Japanese students.
Yikes, vcroome told me that word yesterday. I think that word is wonderful haha.
This is the first time I've come here. I hope I will meet more friends from here.
Then I can improve my english.
Some people told me they host the parade every year.
Regular customer, ``Yagyu.``
Most sushi shops have regular customers who come often.
Yagyu is one of our regular customers, but he is special to ``Sushimasa.``
Yagyu let other regular customers eat foods and drink alcohol free.
Their music is really (I have no words to express my attitude) great.
Since then, he hasn't liked to drink and thought that it is a vice to drink alcohol.
When I told him that I don't want to use a textbook, he did it.
Because of I have had trouble with my older daughter.
And I must mention the terrible traffic, Bangkok's traffic has the worst transportation system I know.
The traffic situation is much better in the other cities. The other cities are quiet and beautiful.
The interval time was shorter than usual, so I was really tired.
Hello, my wonderful friend, how have you been today? I just realized that I have not written an entry in my journal for more then 10 days. I saw this on my calendar.
Time is useful and life is beautiful; someone told me that and I believed it.
But life is difficult, exciting, and interesting too.
(``NABE`` is a Japanese cuisine.
What should I say in a situation like this?
* I'd like you to correct weird or unsuitable sentences and give me some sample sentences useful for my pupose, if you don't mind!
Throwing things and goods away
We went to a Vietnamese restaurant.
Today I'll write my thesis proposal, the deadline is the 9th of this month.
So I can apply for a Shanghai account next year when I graduate.
Although the weather was hot, I felt merry.
So, contrary to this change, I should not admit adulthood until beingover 22 (the age in wich many people graduate college)
Anyways, I returned my dormitory.
But Something happened.
Because one of my French friend said that she will go back to France soon, so she asked me if I can take a leave and go to Taipei with her.
After I filed a leave, then she told me that she need to go back to France immediately.
The ocean world is filled with vitality.
I'll decorate a tanzaku and make a wish.
Today there is a typhoon.
So, I decided to study English, after travel.
For example, almost all the railway tracks were laid, except near the Fukushima nuclear power plant, and the highway in Tohoku is finished.
The one is the Fukushima nuclear power plant.
The reason is that the company who own it don't give information to the public immediately, or accurately.
The other one is that people are reducing their spending, by not having a cherry blossom party, eating at restaurants or going on a trip.
Many cherry blossoms are in bloom now.
Goodbye.
I wanted to buy whatever he wanted to eat, but he kept saying that he had no appetite, and had an upset stomach.
Now is the era of the global economy.
Also, child's nerves are very weak, so the effects would be worse for children.
Hi Everyone!
Anyway, when I found out that the airplane tickets were not available to go there, I was giving up the idea of spending Christmas in a more special way.
I was invited to his relative house for dinner on Christmas eve day.
Actually, I still don't know his hometown city.
The four players play diverse roles in the competition, and how they fill their position has a significant impact on the result.
It depicts the conflict and growth of a Korean boy living in Japan, a role performed by Yousuke Kuboduka.
I am really happy and sad.
Was my English strange?
I found out the cheapest bar for them,
What is the difference between ``I am looking forward to`` and ``I look forward to``?
Meiji university, which is one of the best and most famous private universities in Japan, announced that it is planning to build the ``Tokyo International Manga Library`` in their premises.
According to their spokesperson, it is expected to be the world's biggest library as the storage of Manga, it will have approximately 2 million items related to Manga, Anime and video games which are copies of Manga, celluloid pictures of Anime and Character goods of Video games etc.
One of my co-workers send me an e-mail from his mobile phone to mine last thursday night.
I want to travel somewhere but sadly I don't have much money now......
I'm planning to visit my grandmother's house with my mother and my sister's family.
My sister have 1 year old baby, so my grandma must be looking forward to meet her great-grandchild.
I'm looking forward to meet my grandma and my nephew too.
It smells good in the shop when I go there in the morning and I love flowers, so I feel good just looking, touching and having flowers around me.
Today, a small pizza shop called ``PizzaSchool`` opened near our apartment.
But I realized that I couldn't speak English, when I spoke to tourists from foreign countries.
But when the cool breeze of early autumn comes, I am determined to travel alone to unknown places which I have never been to.
I will talk to people who live in the area so that I can know what they have experienced in their lives.
I'm going to go skiing inYatsugatake with my family, my daugnter's friends and their family.
I went to my local hospital for a medical checkup.
There is a lot of information about Malta.
But I'm trying to find important information.??
Because I'm going to stay with a family.
Civil service entrance test is a test that if you pass it would allow you to work with the government and it could let you have a lot of benefits, for example, you do have to worry about losing your job.
Although, I am a little bit upset, life goes on.
And now, I have to watch the ``The Inconvenient truth`` again, because I have to pass my mid-term exam!
I have some foreign friends, especially from the USA.
Her American jokes make feel happy and I think there is a difference between American jokes and Japanese jokes.
I have to take two tests, English and my major, Psychology.
but recently I don't know what happened to my laptop.
I don't have much money, Because I am just a student, and my parents live in Korea.
We slept in our car, something like a van, so we have comfort so we were comfortable,. We only ate sandwiches for two weeks.
We visited almost every city in Holand, the most beautiful was Amsterdam, now we have much experience, in the future I would like to travel more.
I'm waiting for corrections;-)
After that, I dried my car by using a drying machine.
This is a tomato stew with pig's gut and a lot of vegetables.
But when I became junior, I was changed by becoming class president and working by interacting with many friends, seniors, juniors, teachers and started to combine activities along with challenging character.
My diligent parents who got up early in the morning had a big effect on me and it made me become more diligent and have more integrity.
On top of that, just after WW2, most Japanese infrastructure were already destroyed completely by air raids.
The cities we can see now are not that important. That is just the surface of mankind.
Even if Sendai city was destroyed, as long as people who can design and plan cities exist, Japan will be able to recover (from) these damages again and again.
Nobody can revive dead people, but at least they will be able to reconstruct a city that is stronger against tidal waves than before, right?
Hello my friends. I'm happy because I'm now writing my second post on this lovely website. I would also like to thank everyone who has corrected my last journal entry.
I am so exciting these days because I am back in college again but this time for clinical stage and our lectures are not boring any more because its more paractical and alot of real patients there are no
studying in community hospital with alot of new ppl from other medical
studying in the psychiatric department there are alot of wierd peaple but
I think it is so exciting because its hard to find every case in any of the huge textbooks you must think very deeply.
However, in reality I don't have my ``DREAM`` because I don't know
It has something to do with with my mental problem.
But, my main purpose is to talk with my friends.
Finally, 10 friends in all gathered, and then we all left together.
I also had a can of beer, because it helps me fall asleep.
Today, I helped a friend work from 5 PM until 8 AM this morning.
I tried to smoke today. just a little.
I just wanted to know if it was real or fake.
In my country, you can easily buy 'fake' things.
I took a picture of my favorite brand of cigarettes. (I don't smoke now.)
Regardless of that, one of the recent reasons why traffic accidents occur is through..
In addition, since it's next to impossible for pedestrians to judge the situation of a driver, they are often involved in unexpected traffic accidents.
It gives me power and courage to overcome adversity.
I know that I can count on my friend when I have a problem, and she can count on me.
If friendship wasn't in my life I would feel unhappy and alone.
I can't let myself out without using Japanese..
They were ``run out of``, ``put off``, ``put up with`` and ``put up`` but I don't know meaning of these idioms so I couldn't construct the sentences.
Yesterday we had a hanami party, which means cherry blossom viewing party in Japanese.
Most participants of the party work everyday during the week so want to sleep at weekend.
I defended myself like this,
It seemed I failed to convince them
We shared the only blanket and drank whisky much to endure the cold.
Around us, there were cherry blossom trees in full bloom and the moon lit their petals.
By the way, when the time to start the party had come,
I had a terrible toothache last week and went to see doctor on Thursday.
But tommorrow is holiday.
Last Sunday, I had a cello residential training session in Kita-kyushu city.
The only bad thing was, that in this season (very hot summer), although we stayed near the beach, we had no time to swim in the sea in front of our hotel because of our very long training from morning until around midnight.
We knew that we had a concert to show our training results, and I had no time to practise my weaker songs because I had to teach my colleagues about their weaker songs.
After we finished the schedule, for the final 3 days, we could swim at last.
The small cellists (4 ~ 10 years old) were so excited that they ran and jumped into the sea at the fastest speed you've ever seen.:)
I hope that the next residential training will come soon...
Hello everyone
time, but it is still very poor, so I just found this way tp help me to learn
but after february, maybe l 'll live with my father.
We often hear that foreign people who are living in Japan, are impressed with the Japanese train system.
Everyone tells me that I can have plastic surgery later or I might become pretty when I become a university student.
What's wrong
Before I come here, I was determined and promised my friends to do my best!
It means that I should be confident my English if many people correct me because at least my sentence makes sense.
This website is very useful for me because I am look ing for the opportunity to improve my English.
I am a university student in the UK and I study account ing.
Moreover, I have only two weeks to prepare for it!!
I had heard this morning that the Fukushima plant's accident would be estimated as the level seven, which is ``the major problem`` and this is the worst situation could be.
Today, I got a phone call from my family, because New Zealand had a bigger earthquake.
It can help me prepare for my class..
What do you think about religions and God..
I was born in Christian home..
why I was a Christian before..
My family members made me think in this fashion..
Invited to a birthday party iN AUS
It was my singaporean friend's.
that is why I cooked Korean food which contained tofu, pork, zucchini, onion, chilly, lots of chilly paste and powder, soy source, sugar and etc.....
There were Singaporean, korean, chinese and hong kong?
Have you ever eaten Chicken Ramen?
Introduce myself
When I was in kindergarten, I learned ballet.
I also have gone to Rainbow Brige, Asakusa, Fuji mountain.
I can't wait for the 2nd half of the movie which will be released next summer.
I have so many assignments lately.
I am male, but I too have a dream to fly to all over the world as part of the cabin crew!!
I am look forward tobecoming good friends.
How about watching a drama like ``Friends``, or something like that?
We are waiting for the plane now.
I am really looking forward to it!!
I was very excited about the after party on the boat.
Next movie was ``Batman``, that was directed by Tim Burton.
I hoped that they could give me some magazines to kill the time for a night.
To improve my English skill, I decided to keep journals.
I can't play soccer but I'm happy they won.
Especially the Tohoku region [Miyagi, Fukushima and Iwate] was more damaged by it.
Today, I called apple support center.
I had an apple care (insurance) policy.
If I didn't carry insurance then I would have had to pay lot of money.
second to call this person and ask him why he did this and try to easily forget what he did> but I think it is going to be so difficult because I think he has to do this and I am sure I did not make that big thing....
Electric power reduction request of 10%.
I went to the library to study English.
I often use the city library when I feel (distracted?).
Have a good weekend, everyone!
HaHa, Today was my lucky day.
It has a rule which all players must not explain.
My name is Shogo, and I belong to Hiroshima University.
I'm good at creating new plans or unique ideas.
At noon, I went to a restaurant for lunch with my friend, Sherry, and found a middle-aged man looking at us.
After finishing our meal, we went to ride our bikes and suddenly, the man came to us and smiled.
Today's dinner was pizza, made by Steve.
It was yummy:)
Today, I'm starting to write my dairy on this web page.
During my days at school, my part time job was teaching Japanese.
I feel really relieved now due to the fact that today's work ran smoothly although we had some trouble with the distribution company.
Now that I finished preparing the shipment, I feel a load has been lifted off my shoulders.
In fact, there is a staff canteen in our office building, but I have had lunch there for years and I have been bored by every single dish there.
weil es viele Gegende gibt, wo es selten regnet und wo Leute immer an Wassermangel leiden.
because they are so popular in Japan.
quality, art, characters 'motion picture.
And I could drink Tim Horton (I don't know the spelling)'s iced cappuccino!!!!!!!
Because I couldn't have imagined that
Some sumo wrestlers bet a lot of money on the Japanese professional baseball games.
Because sumo wrestling is the Japanese national sport, t the wrestlers who have been gambling should not be forgiven.
Actually, I'm not a big fan of sumo wrestling but as it is the Japanese national sport and also a Japanese tradition, sumo wrestling should be clean.
I want so badly for my writing ability to be improved.
But one daymy mother watched a movie, and found he was older than he was before and a little fat, then my mother told me... and I felt so terrible.
But it seem to be very difficult for me to complete the task which my adviser gave (or assigned) me.
Anyway I have to continue for five years to get a doctorate.
From your message, I learned ten new words approximately.
Last Saturday, I went out with some good friends.
Unfortunately there was a traffic jam on the bridge.
You know, because he is amazing and intelligent.
The most touching part was when he told mother in law and father in law how much he loves his wife and how much he misses her and his daughters..
It is our first time, but it will be challenging.
Which do you like?
The reason is Japanese inn are warm and relaxing.
It is aremake.
I hope someone will answer me and fix my English soon.
A-ALPHA
I remembered everything that happened to me this year...
It's difficult to take (find) time to talk to my boyfriend.
They miss out on much happiness when they are younger, and are trapped like birds in a coop!
This is my first time writing on this site.
If we adopt this restriction, eighteen and nineteen year old people will be inconvenienced.
I studied English for almost 10 years, but until half a year ago I didn't want to learn. I realize now that I must learn it fast to find a well paying job.
It made me aware that one girl's life will change forever after shock, one mother's choice will change her family forever after shock, and one moment can change your life forever after shock.
Witnessing other people's suffering during a natural disaster helps her to overcome her own trauma and forgive her mother.
The Grab (Lucky?) bags im Fukubukuro, Japan are very popular.
I'm very surprised to watch the TV news that many people wait in line before the stores open!
English grammar
I started studying English grammar about ten days ago.
When I was a student, I studied English grammar.
So I study English grammar not for taking tests, but rather to use it, and because I like studying English.
She wanted me to stay over there tonight but I don't want to bother her.
It's a simple sentence, but it's useful.
One, you can learn a variety of knowledge. For example, literature, physics,
I caught a coldxD I hope I get better soon.
I have headache and some fever.
I have no memory of it.
However, when I brought the printout (?) of the program to my supervisor yesterday_ afternoon, he immediately found the equation which should have been (?) divided by the simulation sampling time ``dt``, which I set to 0. 001!
Recently, I thought about whata leader should do.
I know the airline company as I lived in Ireland before, but it is unfamiliar to most Japanese.
I want to study various things; English, Mathematics, Algorithms, and so on.
Two people corrected my first one.
I worked at a company for 11hours, and studied at home for 3hours.
We call this a coupon website or a group purchasing website.
The naan bread was bigger than I had expected.
The king canary was dying of curiosity because of a treasure.
First of all, I'm going to acquire some firsthand experience for 4 weeks as all new employees did, and then I'll be in charge of a computer system.
I forget many words, idioms, and grammar.
I think I need to study harder than I am now.
I can't find the right words, even if I check them in a Japanese dictionary. Because it depends on the situation.
I love speaking with people of other countries because I love to learn new things and to meet new people.
Through this site I have met nice people that help me in English.
I love the animation Gintama!
Today, I got a text message from one of my friends.
So, I sent him back a message that said, ``I'm in.``
I couldn't breathe normally, so I went straight outside and came back again.
For example, do you know 'Yesterday Once More'?
This song was made by The Carpenters.
Though he is an old singer, we will remember him forever.
We made Japanese food such as Udon, Matcha pafait, kinako, and azuki. We also decorated the Physics room in order to make Japanese atomosphere.
My boyfriend and I are planning to go to a spa located in Niseko this weekend.
I'm an interior designer but I'm working as a market researcher now.........
Anyway, I'll ask you about ``articles``.
I want to say to my father: You are the best father in the whole world.
I'm proud to be your daughter.
I have to be more diligent than anybody.
Today is Sunday, but we are still on duty, because of a shortage of power. (electric = implied)
Actually, I don't like cold weather.
This weekend is probably going to be busy but remember, masa, you have to check Lang-8 and try to keep writing a new entry for your study as many times as you can.
begin began begun
I'm gonna go to my friend's for a sleepover and that's the only thing that im looking forward to.
I would like to get some methods for asking questions about my assignment when I have problems this weekend, otherwise I can't proceed to the next step.
The temperature is also about thirty-six,
This is a very critical turning point in Japanese history!.
So, it is very rare for a private company to be bankrupt...
The Japanese economic style seems to have Westernised, which is very severe and dry.
In this sense, I think this JAL bancruptcy is a historical turning point in Japanese history.
Except for oversleeping, I would always hear the phrase, ``The diligent man.``
If someone does not wake me up, I might be continue sleeping.
Unfortunately, one young couple sat near us. They were very impolite since they were discussing the movie very loudly, and this behavior is very disturbing when watching the movie.
Hi folks.
And form a friendship story.
She came out with her new album in Japan.
I was really surprised!
As it for me, I have spent over two years learning accounting, if I were to try another area, it would be a big challenge for me!
Most people (can/ could) have difficulties when they speak a foreign language which they've alread studied for a long time.
I've studied a foreign language for quite a long time.
Moreover, I can hardly express what I'm thinking in the foreign language.
I studied English at school, and then studied French for two years in college.
I am studying at a distance learning faculty at Kazan University of Culture and Arts, so I have a lot of free time.
There is a swimming pool near here and it seems to be opening for the season.
Today I woke up at 10: 00 am and started studying my anatomy lesson.
I attend a degree course in Biomedical Laboratory Techniques and at the beginning of February I'll take a human anatomy exam, I really hope I'll pass it with a good score because I'm studying it so much I'm quite bored about it.
Can someone explain to me what the difference between these words?
I don't know how to improve my terrible English (>-<) Help me please.
As a result, trafic accidents often occur.
And I met another boy who was even younger than me.
The teacher in our class was a native speaker from Australia.
I may be able to improve my English pronunciation by going to English lessons.
My English has been mixed with Chinese accent since I came to Singapore.
I will study English enthusiastically.
out of concentration...
after I took Toefl test last month in addition to finishing exam in school, my concentration towards studying English has run out.
I only study about 1 hour in a day I guess regardless of taking a break from my part time job for next toelf text and ielts.
I'm so tired... I really want to give up on everything now if it is possible.
yes, it's true,
how stupid of me!
I really appreciate my friends,
they are always there to help me, whenever I have difficulties.
I fancy to accept the quote from a novel, ``I am poor, humble, and unfair, but when our souls cross graves and stand in front of God we are equal.`` However, this is just an utterance which is used to encourage ourselves. Actually, it is meaningless and we cant alive (only?) depend on a spirit. I evidently understand that the four years of my campus life are going to be very splendid. I will reap many friendships and generate unforgettable memories here. Though, it also may be serious and I may live in a state of misery for four years. in contrast with my precious friends and even sisters who haven't been enrolled in college. They dream I am fortunate, but this place may possibly bring me a nightmare that I will never return to experience in my whole life. This sort of feeling is practical.
Several days ago, one of my friends told me about this website and I successfully registrated.
This theme reminds me of the famous movie ``Terminator``.
I remember I enjoyed watching the movie when I was growing up.
The biggest benefit of working with teammates is that they inspire me, while my own ideas stick when I work on my own.
My hobby is listening music!
Some have two weeks vacation at most.
This vacation season of spring is called Golden Week.
So almost all firms give their employees long-term vacation.
I am also enjoying this vacation with my family.
Please contact us, people who like ``ONE PIECE``!
I don't speak Ukranian, and sometimes I feel that Ukrainian people don't like Russian people...
Therefore, their situation is worse than mine.
Your neighbor's apartment was broken into.
But I couldn't concentrate listening to English.
My family has a cat.
But I love love love him.
I wonder what your opinion is, dear reader...
Step by step unusual things and coincidences came into my life more and more.
Bio hazard4 by 3D is unveiled
There is a beautiful river called Venice (partle in jest)?
However, my favorite menu item on there is a grilled vegetable& sausage dish made by Staub.
It was very delicious and can ensue the maximum flavor of guidance.
I barely drink liquor, but everyday I drink iced coffee.
Maybe I don't know how to deal with the relationship between colleagues after graduation.
Maybe if I would adjust my temper to this environment
They checked my mistake and revised my diary.
So it's necessary for me to visit, write and practice english at lang8 site
I'm fine as usual.
My friend is in Canada for working holidays.
How frightful (scary) it is.
Self-introduction!!
I can help you by correcting your entries written in Japanese.
Recently I have been worried about my future, I do not know what I truly want to do? What is priority in my life?
I especially like suspense and action.
My favorite sport is table tennis.
I will keep taking lessons until I reach 1st grade table tennis skill
serious flaw in it or you have some advice for me.
I will go to a ``GO tournament`` at a university in the neighbouring prefecture so I will stay there only one night.
I heard that many people lose their job and suffered from poverty.
They organized some workshops, like 'manga' (it was for teenagers who like writing and drawing comics on their own), sewing (making a little brooches with Japanese material), clay modeling, ect.
So I only could make a reservation.
I think it is a critical problem...
And, unfortunately, the instructor seems to leave her job to others.
This morning
'I must prepare to work.' I whispered.
The company continued their aggressive overseas marketing. I know that today is due date of the corporation's establishment in Japan.
I decided to study English again to reach my dream after I entered university.
I didn't expect that since I began to write compositions on lang-8 and had them corrected by you guys, my spoken English has made great progress without much practice. I didn't even realize it before the interview.
This novel is famous because the writer committed suicide after he finished this novel.
Actually, I've already graduated in a reputable school in Osaka last 2006, but I still want go there.
(Masato and Koji were the 28th members.
This is the first time that I have sold anything.
The item was a buddha magnet. Last time my friends from Lang-8 helped me to correct my description and they told me about good marketing techniques to sell it to the people using a computer. It worked so now I can sell anything. I would like to say thanks so much for you kindness.
I recommend that Ishiba becomes the Japanese prime minister.
Later on, I realized that the sound was actually coming from a clock which was making a loud tic tock sound.
It is a amazing that the tic tock sound could be so loud that I could hear it clearly when I paid attention to it, as opposed to when I didn't pay attention to it.
Hopefully my next job will be connected to using English.
Last month, I met a backpacker from Honduras on the train.
Whoever is studying Japanese!
I admire those Chinese writers, like Zheng Yuan jie, Han han, Guo Jing ming, they are very talented.
I was deeply touched by her
style of writing, by her imagination, by her emotion.
My biggest drawback is the shortage of emotion.
PS: Recently I hace a cruch (?) on the online game--``Maple Story``.
Actually I'm not a PC gamer.
I thought that I didn't have to go to work.
I chose Japanese at the beginning of our term.
The Moon is shrinking
So I was relieved.
English is very hard.
Ok, I disappeared from lang-8 for almost 2 months.
He massages my muscles and sting needles to my neck, shoulders, and back.
It only costs 2000 yen because I have Japanese medical insurance.
I saw this drama and was recommended to me by an emcee of an information TV program.
This weekend, I will rent the DVD from a rental shop near my house.
Actually, you can find me there every Saturday.
In Japan it often happens that an employee climbs the career ladder
I was very ashamed and told him seriously ``I was trying to catch you and I did my best, but I couldn't catch you.
It is just opened this week.
The area where I am living is surrounded with many apartments and a lot of residents like me.
We feel excited if we have new shop or restaurant open near-by.
And food did not taste very good, the rice in the sushi is a bit loose..
There were a lot of a street vendor stalls, so I ate some food, which were made within the stalls.
I stayed at my grandfather and grandmother's house overnight.
This is totally my personal diary....
It's not the time for writing a journal, otherwise I can't go back to my place/ 'home and sleep peacefully.
At the same time he was disciplined enough to not say, ``I want it.``
And he breathed fast like a dog which was told ``HOLD!`` in front of the meal by his master.
The skin of my face has something bad happened.
I think he just thinks about winning the election.
I'm sorry I could 't eat fruits salada.
I ate balut and I thought it was dangerous.
I participated in it of my own accord.
it is usually rainy, cloud, and cool.
strip you of your once radical dream and to put
(Q1) What makes you happy (sad, angry, surprised, unhappy, bored, frustrated, etc)?
This is my first challenge. It was raining when I left home this morning. I looked for a good umbrella but soon realized that I did not have good one.
For several years I kept losing my umbrellas.
Rihanna is a talanted singer! Recently, I have listened the song ``the california king bed`` over and over again.
Just relax. ``
Perfect skills in reading and writing english will help that purpose.
``I was looking for some action but all I found was cigarettes and alcohol.``
This is hard for employees but I can have private or self-learning time due to this order, like writing entries this this English learning site.
I'm a student of department of biological science and belonging the laboratry of structural and functional analyses on biomolecules.
My research theme is structural and functional study of hypothetical protein of an extremely thermophile, Thermos thermophilius HB8.
I respect his incredible mathematics skills
So, I still have a little trouble to communicate in English (especially spoken British English, accents and pronounciations).
In fact, I was near criticizing them.
I'm relaxing with perfume now.
This restaurant just recently opened.
Instead of preparing for it, I was cleaning my room the whole evening, hoping it would put in order my thoughts which hardly wanted to form into sentences.
Then, I left the restaurant not sure if he would call me again, but I am satisfied with myself because it was a good challenge for me.
What an awful fortune!
Every shop had displays set up at the front, therefore every store looked very good, and I didn't decide which store was the best (store).
I bought takoyaki at four different stores and ate them in order.
In my Japanese-English dictionary, ``Uchiawase suru (verb)`` is translated as ``to make arrangements.`` But thisdoes n't sound rightat all!
Of course corrections on this post itself are most welcome..
Today, I saw photos of a short abroad stay program at my university.
I work for financial services.
You need to found a strong wall against those from society who hurt you.
You have a common aim-that is, to come on together for your family's happiness.
Did you see the movie Karate Kid that recently premiered?
However, I am in Singapore now, here is clean and safe, sorry poor Japanese workers, ``I AM IN SINGAPORE AND I AM WORKING NOW.`` You guys will have to work so hard and for a long time as slaves, no worse than them.
I felt shameful while the movie, this movie showed foreigners how disgusting the Japanese culture is.
Because I didn't do anything for two months.
At first, I was feeling so nervous, but it was a good opportunity for me.
That is why I wrote this letter to you.
I'm watching videos on You Tube now.
Elderly people who live alone like the woman have less of a chance to communicate and visit with family or neighbors.
She has lived in a dormitory.
They would take their boyfriends to the dormitory and let them stay over night.
The dormitory is a house, so my friend could not help running into them.
We actually don't like Pachinko, but the restaurant next to it is very cheap.
We like to go for lunch on the weekend because it is very delicious there!
I want to speak fluently English.
The Okonomiyaki was good.
First, Merry Christmas! Enjoy yourselves!
Because of the long distance I had to give up an interview this afternoon.
when I picked it up to check the contents, my friend went to the ladies room and left her daughter with me.
I took a Bullet train.
Yesterday was Spring Festival.
It is time that I become mature and be responsible for my behavior.
There is a special place where we go to see a beautiful night view
Re-type e-mail address to forward this card to more friends after sending.
I must speak English at least five minutes every day because I become very shy and nervous when I speak to someone in English in classes.
I need to be brave enough to say what I want to let them know.
I NEED TO BE STRONG MYSELF!!
But I realize that life is not that easy anymore.
Recently, there's another problem that I have to face.
I'm Japanese and a university student.
I major in medical science, that is to say I will be a doctor.
I tweet in English everyday, talk with my Filipino friend (s) on skype, and write in my diary in English like this!!
My hobby is playing basketball and watching NBA games.
He was discriminated against by some crazy Americans, and they tried to rip him off him.
I have another example. I met some Japanese bilinguals in Australia, but some of them told me that when they were in school, they were discriminated against by other Australians, even though they could speak English like other Australians.
Sooner or later borders will disappearbut sad to say things still remain as they are now, we have to keep fighting against discrimination to live on other countries.
So I think it's an excellent idea to write my diary on Lange-8 in English because, hopefully, someone may correct my mistakes.
I can believe in myself!!!
Oh, I don't know yet whether I'll get the job or not!
I want to study abroad someday.
I am not Christian.... will that cause trouble for them?
I hope, that everything will be ok. (more conversational)
Now I am studying English.
I can read an English book which is written with easy words.
any sign of blood on the road or anywhere on his body.
He got used to this environment fairly quickly.
However, some people push too far.
something like that.
We just stayed instead on 11th Avenue and watched the fireworks presentation.
They sometimes quarreled with each other, but made up immediately.
I understand my son's feelings, because I have had the same experience as him.
I don't know how hard they quarreled today.
As it was expected, after the announcement of the health minister about swine flu, many people ran to buy masks.
Because I went to there to work.
People in the school cooked with college students in Matsuyama city.
Matsuyama city is Ehime Prefecture.
I just started keeping an English diary today.
I think it is a quite helpful website for (with) people who are learning the (ir) second or third languages.
let's exchange thoughts and help each other.
My friend recommended this homepage.
Anyway, the guys in this video are awesome.
Their motorcycle transporter was carried by my transporter transporter.
I wanna go there, I guess it is the in the middle of summer in Australia, the season is the oppsite of Japan.
but now I still remain poor
We studied for over six hours and I was so tired.
That is because I am going to see a football game in an hour and after that I am going to eat at a friend's house.
I'm so tired because I studied until 9: 50 p.
I attended the banquet yesterday evening.
I have to prepare information about Montreal.
It is made with wheat flour, soup, and some other ingredients for example, rice cakes, cheese, octopus, lobster, and so on.
In general, it is difficult for beginners to make.
I have a Skype ID, and sometimes use this to talk with my friends, but I have never used Skype to talk with foreign people.
I'm planning to travel next year.
It would be a little bit scary for me.
I have been to Paris, London, and Canada before but these places would be for the first time.
The other is to squat down untill the right answer descends to him.
I tried to translate it but I couldn't. It was too difficult for me..
In this October, I decided to enter the Chinese speech contest.
In the movie ``Magnolia``, her song was used and gave it a supernatural or melancholy mood.
I'm working at an English conversation school as a front desk personnel, but my English skill isn't good enough so I can't communicate with a native English teacher.
We're gonna (going to) have a business presentation test tomorrow.
How actual is discussion about this person.
Finally, I want to tell that the personality of Mary the First is very unusual and interesting.
Yes, she has brought much pain and suffering to her people but throughout her life, she, too suffered much.
In my work I have also found out that a lot of films had been produced about Bloody Mary; moreover they are still producing films about her. We wrote a lot of books too. These two examples proves that she is still interesting to people.
But now, I'm surfing the Net and drawing pictures.
Japan is an archipelago comprised of a number of islands such as Kyusyu, Shikoku, Hokkaido and Okinawa, located in the middle of northern hemisphere.
I thought it would be good to buy some education stuff.
I saw some news that so many countries are praying for Japan, and giving us rescue, money, foods and so on.
So your help will be really thankful:)
I'm becoming suited to Australia little by little.
Several weeks ago, there was a big strike in my company, I work in a state-owned company with 4000 workers, which produce NC machine.
You know, a normal worker is just paid 2000 a month, less than the gas allowance, so ridiculous!
Finally the managers gave in, they came to the workshop to negotiate with the workers, promised to grant the half-yearly allowance at once, and cancelled the middle managers 'gas allowance.
Anyway, the result was not bad, workers got back to work after they received the allowance.
Sometimes genes have great influence on children, but the more important would be the quality of upbringing at home and teaching at school.
TV business get involved in price competition against Samsung, while the bubble of solar panel business has already burst.
Thank you for reading my entry.
The japanese P.
Yukio Hatoyama is struggling against transferring Futenma U.
He pronounced on transferring out of Japan, but U.
Maybe it's a secret)
The cause of my sadness was a quarrel with my husband.
On my way to the pool, a car suddenly appeared on my right side and then cut in front of my car so I honked my horn.
It's a pity that I have not found this website earlier.
We practice cheerleading over 5 hours every weekday and over 10 hours on the weekend.
Because, I have canker sore on my tongue.: '-(
So I ate many vegetables for lunch!!
Flying saucer? No, It's a flying car!
Bamboo Blade is an anime that was broadcast 4 years ago.
Today is a festival in my town.
When I walk for a few minutes, I get wet with perspiration.
In Obon the souls of our ancestors come to us and we invite them.
I was able to keep this pace with the other runners.
My son has been in hospital for 9 days with a serious disease.
I want speak this beautiful language!
I have been waiting to get this part-time job because it's very popular.
fortunately, there were only a few customers today.
I am already awake
when I was high school, I learned Japanese but I forgot many things.
I will dance at the year-end party of my division tomorrow.
Could you correct my dictation script?
Enjoy this amazing video, which is on a weird deep sea fish with a transparent head.
The Macropinna microstoma, known as the barrel-eye fish, is small and dark with large fins, a tiny mouth, and unusual barrel eyes under a transparent dome. The two green spheres in the video are the lenses of its tubular eyes and the eyes are in closed in the transparent shield, sort of like a glass canopy of a jet fighter.
Above the mouth the two dark capsules that appear to be eyes, actually contains the fish's olfactory organs, or the equivalent of nostrils.
Food!
It's good to my body because I can't move quickly.
But now that I'm dieting I might cease from it.
for foreigners
But that's the minimum I have to do.
Classes end at 15: 15. After that we have club activity until (?) about 18: 00.
but when my son enters elementaly school, I will have to do night duties.
The teachers of agricultural farming have to do this heavy work no fewer than once a week.
I'm waiting for an answer from the company which I took a job interview from last Thursday.
Anyway, I think I'll get some new information tomorrow.
He appears only in the summer.
I couldn't help checking throughout the room.
I am not sure whether I was able to sleep or not.
Before university, their only focus was studying in the cities.
After that I went to eat Chinese food with my classmate.
This is a very famous legend among Japanese people.
Of course one was to study English hard there, and the other was to order a s-size cheeze burger meal in Sydney.
So it was natural that I thought the size of Australian cheese burgers should be super jumbo as well.
I rushed to a McDonalds in Sydney just after I arrived in Australia.
I ordered a cheese burger meal at the counter in joy.
I gazed at the cheeze burger meal for 5 seconds.
When I started talking about the weird news, I finally found him under my table on the floor.
I have been finding books written in English for my studies.
Reacently the website introduced a lot of books and digital books.
Recently free digital books have been introduced.
Digital books have many good points, for example digital dictionary software can be used in digital books.
So, I asked my husband to massage my neck and shoulders for me.
I `m sorry for the delay in diary entries.
This april, almost my friends start to work so we couldn `t meet and drink easily; but I hope we can do it again ^ ^ They are my precious friends.
There are applications for Twitter, Facebook and Mixi for the iPhone.
Good morning-zao shang hao
I want to study hard, to read the document, and to deepen my understanding of my major.
I haven't gotten a job yet even though I've had some interviews.
Christmas is coming in about two weeks.
Some houses really took a lot of effort to put up their Christmas decorations.
But I can't respond quickly when I am asked by a English native speaker, even though I have what I want to say in my mind.
She was terribly frightened after she read a person's blog on which he made a structured analysis about the disaster that willhappen in 2012.
Coincidentally, the news report said an earthquake took place in a country on the Pacific Ocean.
As a matter of fact, in the end of 2009, a blizzard has swept over many places like western Europe, the US and Xinjiang Province in China.
And the horrible earthquake that has made many Haitians lose their families.
The immediate family is the most basic and smallest community in the society.
I played with his son, showing him how to use iPhone apps and teaching him some words.
He is starting to join the society gradually.
I think that the university should increase the number of questions that test output skills, say, organizing thoughts in essays or drawing conclusions from some facts or expressing oneself in English and so on.
But, not to speak of conversation with adults, they can't write even junior high school-level writings or communicate with native English children.
Indeed you will see, reading this terrible sentence, I'm not an exception.
everyone loves reggae, Latin, cambia (?), jungle and drum 'n' bass.
He left money for my marriage fund.
However, my computer is just two years old and I should wait at least one or two years to buy the next one.
He paid 500 dollars and got a new computer.
I usually use two online services for learning English.
This website uses Flash technology for learning words and phrases.
It is simiilar to the English one, and I think this is useful and convenient for Japanese language learners.
The iknow involves also blogging feature and sns feature, but I feel that this blog and its sns system is not so good relative to lang-8, this website.
Actually, my dad lives in China for him job.
Anyway, I really miss Japanese food, such as sushi, nikugyaga, oden etc.
Although you can get sushi in london, the taste is definitely different!
Snacks in London are really cheap.
While I'm eating snacks, I'm happy but when I finish, I feel guilty for some reason and sick because I ate too much.
because McDonalds's cheese has some special additive like a drug.
So I think snacks have the same kind of additive.
Anyway I ate cookies today even when I know about this effect...
My English is poor, but I really want to improve it, anyone can help me???
I was tired
We got medicine.
She wants to give me a gift.
Although it's challenging for me to think of topics to write in English, It has become more enjoyable for me to write in English!
My friend and I are planning to go to Tokyo Disney Resort next month.
We love Tokyo Disney Resort.
And I was studying harder than usual,
I think I shall give her some canneles when I return the molds.
In my class there are students who are almost native speakers..
Last Sunday I drank with some English teachers and their friends.
I woke up earlier than other days and& nbsp; went to the hospital because I was concerned about a litte fever.
these days swine flu is prevalenced (???).
so I was really worried about it, but it was just a fever.
thrid, I will have a part time job for weekend
I 'd like to register as soon as possible, in order to make an early hotel reservation (only available for that association member).
Dear** Association staff
I'd appreciate it if you could register me before Jan. 5.
Then, the boy came to the shop and tells us about the owner of shop.
-but I sold to Jewish man.
just a translation entry
She was accused of spying on the Iranian government in favour of the USA.
As soon as I arrived, I took a warm shower and then I went to sleep.
My husband bought me a I-pod touch the other day.
A small displacement gasoline engine is mounted on the power tiller, it is 4 cycle air-cooled one.
It is my important right hand in the garden and field.
Even though I joined the site immediately, it was not easy for me to find time to write.
My hobby is surfing.
I've forgotten to tell my mother about it.
Now the busy week passed, I can relax and revive again.
``Having finished lunch, I went directly to ~``
I know that it's a bad habit.
I hope you will help me to learn better English!
I always go to the restaurant at lunch time with my colleaque.
The conductor anounced that someone was trying to commit suicide on the track so trains would not run until the police arrived.
Recently, I have been often reading the book Self-development, because of the training of logical thinking and Photo reading.
Recently, izakaya (Japanese pub) which serves flat-rate foods and drinks is very popular in bright-light districts.
Nowadays, I have to recognize that I really learned a lot from those stories.
I really miss them.
I miss my childhood and I especially miss the person who made me laugh in the old days.
Do you know any manga of Japan?
For example, Doraemon, wanpi-su, Death note, Naruto, etc.
There was a free concert in the center plaza.
There are several stalls (street vendor) around the plaza.
I think consuming there is not cheap.
I also saw firefighters standing by.
A urban appearance in downtown San Jose is pretty good.
She couldn't follow what we said and felt uneasy. But I though she only has only been learning Japanese for 3 months, and her pronunciation was good. It is not easy.
A British girl is staying in the hostel now.
No Japanese shall beat my child, and I really really wish for that.
In passing off, ``dilution`` means damage to the goodwill.
because I have to go to work tomorrow.
because my graduation is just around corner!!!!
I'm going to have my hair permed tomorrow.
However, my hair was not permed very well.
Was it so predictable?
And I've been waiting for the result of the exam for Osaka University (Chinese major).
Recently, I quit The Chanson Society [I play the bass guitar].
I have had a lot of homework, and I had to make a presentation.
I still remember I lined up for two hours because I wanted to buy a moon cake.
Yesterday my boyfriend and I went to some nice places.
Happy full moon festival.
But although it was only thirty minutes since the festival started, all of the lobster was sold out when I arrived (there).
Of course I ordered a lobster set.
We studied writing, reading, grammar and stuff like that.
My daughter is a big fan of Ponyo.
She continued to help her mother, for example; washing the bath, washing the dishes and so on.
He can speak English fluently considering the fact he is Japanese.
But some Singaporeans told me these salaries are quite common here, and they added that some intelligent Chinese and Indians are earning more.
I had fixed my pronunciation.
I don't understand what is difference between/ o/,/ ou/, and u:/.
AMonAmen, Give me power!
I am working at a Japanese restaurant in Victoria,
In the winter holidays, I didn't study very much, which worried me because there is a test coming.
The second time a foreign customer came to our company (office)
It takes a long way to get there; we had to go all the way up a mountain.
Usually I like to sleep in the morning.
I liked it very much.
She was happy to understand each other before they had problems.
Her job is about about advertising and marketing paper.
I would like to attend the party too, but unfortunately, they are serious subjects from the University.
In that place, someone received my call next to me.
So much discrimination!!!!!!!!!!
I planned to go to a movie with my friends.
I think he couldn't adapt to his new situation (or environment), but in my case I got used to it owing to traveling to lots of places.
(I can get it on Monday) But it's still cheap, compared to in Japan.
When I arrived at the theater, I picked ``Inception`` because some of my friends told me that it was really good.
When I bought a small coke and popcorn.
I couldn't figure it out though.
To be honest, I am one who wants to push reality away.
The tests of proficiency are the most important tests for language learners because these tests represent the student's ability in a language.
I'll be back on monday, the others will be back on Tuesday.
Hopefully I would like to get paid-holiday for Tuesday, but I can't.