I WANT TO THAK YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAMME FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US ON THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH.
IN MY OPINION FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAMOUS THAT, IN SOME CASS, COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY.
Also, I want to say that the plays and films were exellent, but there weren't enough of them for me.
In our Acadamy we are not allowed to smoke.
I was trully dissapointed by it.
Secondly, I had to wait fourty-five minutes before the show finally began.
I'd like you to send the money to this adress: ul Taklowa 10
It is a dream becames true and was really unexpected for me!
If not, what do you sugest?
The festival was excenent in many ways, and in particular it being an international festival was a challenging, but brilliant idea.
MY NAME is JAMES CAMIREZ AND I AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLEINTS REGARDING THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT.
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY STATES THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30, AND I GOT REALLY MAD WHEN I LOOKED AT MY WATCH AND NOTICED THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 (FORTY) MINUTES AND THE SHOW HADN'T STARTED YET... I MEAN IT WAS AMAIZING!
I COULDN'T BELIVE IT. HOW CAN THIS CLASS OF THEATRE BE SO..
OH I'M GETING MAD AGAIN SO I AM GOING TO TELL YOU ONE LAST THING, IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE NIGHT I HAD EVER HAD SO I DEMEND MY MONEY BACK!
MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ME IN SEVERAL WAYS. I MEAN THE MORE THE TECHNOLOGY ADVANCES; THE MORE CONFORTNESSCOMFORTABLE WE GET.
BUT I THINK ALSO THAT WITH MODERN TECHNOLOGY WE GET MORE COMFORTABLE SO THAT MAKES ME A PACIVE PERSON AND NOT SO ACTIVE.
THIS CAN BE BAD TOO BECAUSE IF I GET USED TO BEING CONFORTABLE, WHEN I NEED TO DO HARD WORK I WON'T BE ABLE TO.
Everybody attented go to the show, funny, and happ in the end, and what have we go then?
Disapponted!
If you could not manage the programe, why didn't you informe people before the programe started?
I tought you inderstood '; please send money back to me, you know why, don't answer me?
Now we know, our world has developed to new world, becase we have high technology to do.
Today, teachnology is a part of life.
It started from got up in the morning, we have the machine help us to cook, iron, cleanning, washing, and then we went out to work, there are car, sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly.
We appreciated the mordern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly, we have time to do many things.
It is a good start to go on a sightseeing bus on Monday morning, because we can se all the famous buildings in a few hours.
On Wednesday after we have viseted the National Art Gallery, we can have a chat about our next holiday during the free time in the afternoon.
Nowadays the main attroction in the newspapers and on television is the private lives of famous people.
On the whole, being rich and famous doesn't always bring happeness, whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous.
Last week we had another demostration of this.
Firstly, it will introduce the latest fashions connecting Millenium.
Whenever I recollet it, I feel self-confident.
Firstly, I would like to say that I'm very glad to have been choosen and I will do my best for this competition.
As you mentioned about the accomodation, I would prefer to stay in a tent, because it's more exciting and I really love camping.
However, I would choose sailing because I am facinating with the sea and its misteries and I also like the watter, the wind in my face...
The other one I would choose is basketball becouse I'm tall and very fast with the ball.
It was unbelivebly!!!
Are you studing a lot?
I have just received your letter which made me so hapy. I cannot belive that I won first prize in your competition, because I have always believed I am an unluky man and now I think some things are changing in my life.
I would definitly choose basketball and swimming wich are my dream sports.
I would like to ask a few things, specialy about the wheather: what is the weather like in July in the U.S.A? What kind of clothes will I need and how much money should I take with me? Because I have never been to the U.S.A. before I don't know anything about it.
I have never enjoyed doing shopping, but nowday there are some people who are called shopcholic.
They are just like alcholics and these people go shopping every day because they cannot stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend.
Because nowdays whereever you go there is a big queue and I hate waiting.
The queues are not the only problem. If you go by car there is the problem of parking, if you go by bus there are also queues and you have to carry a lot of carrier bag carrier bags during your journey and you won't always be luky enough to find a seat.
Specialy if you want to buy clothes with your girlfriend or if you are a girl, you have to be ready to spend hours trying on clothes.
I realy hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item of clothing and they do not realise the time.
Some people say "shopping is not always enjoyable" but for me it is definity unenjoyable and I think it will be the same for the rest of my life.
First of all, when I bought the ticets it appeared that there was no discount available.
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was stearing at us.
Firstly when I went to the show it was written that the start time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight. I had waitted for forty-five minutes.
I just knew I shouldn't have trusted her but as I went in the house my dad asked Pat to stay for a meal. I was in schock, thinking why isn't anyone getting angry with me? After a while we sat down for dinner and Pat just told my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry.
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland, we apreciate spending a week in London every year.
First, we couldn't get a discount, although you mention it in your advertisment.
I walked back, hoping I wouldn't come accross anyone and be able to drive back home.
Firstly, could you invite stars and artists from more than only six contries?
In my opinion, it might be better to have time with a variety of nationallites.
As they know about your interestings and personality, it is easy to help you.
I would like to make some appoitments about the event that I went to.
-Art exbitions to teach us more things about the artist's lifestyle; and
Well, about rules in my contry, the situation is not different from other countries.
The rules must be respected by all people if you don't want to be kicked out of scholl.
However, some of them have read an advertisment about the London Fashion and Leisure Show, which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March.
Also the most famous star can be unhappy and depresed: in fact, money and celebrity don't always bring happiness.
In addition, addmission for students is free.
Yours sincerily,
On the other hand, the bond between parents and children is unlikly to change.
The smokers in the school yard, the buffett and the other pupils, who are sitting at their tables doing their homework.
That's why I believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to avoid boredome. I am sure that eventually we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free. There won't be any problem with being up-do-date.
Of course, you can't afford a luxualy car and a large apartment unless you're born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
It's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salaly.
I was really suprised when I opened it.
I look forword to going to the Camp California in the USA.
Because it remainds me of my childhood. I used to go with my friends to a camp, wich was situeded by the seaside.
Nowdays we have many big shopping centers.
The most suitable time for shopping is the weekand when parents don't work and children haven't got school.
Because of that, shopping centers are overcrowded.
You can't buy something in a peacful and calm athmospher.
However such centers are very useful and necessary.
In my opinion the worst thing which may happen is an extremly long queu for the changing room.
If you bought something goregous, you will be very happy.
Yours sincerelly
I'm writing to you because of the musical show "Over the rainbow", wich I saw on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre.
There are several points I have to complain about wich meant the evening was not nice at all.
Instead of half past seven the show startet at quarter past eight. I couldn't go to get any refreshment for two reasons, the first one is that there was no information about how long the start of the show was going to be late by.
On your tickets information is written that discounts are available, when I asked at the ticket office I couldn't get any discount for beeng a student.
After one hour the hohle class had heard about Sarah's secret.
Everybody was interested in what she had won but knowbody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told as a secret to them.
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class, when she turned around talking and wispering started.
Sarah looked at him for a while, then she stood in front of the class and explaind to the others that she had won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the coast of southern France and every one of the 19 pupils was invited, except Pat who wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
I read your advertissement five days before, and I was realy impressed by it.
But, the quality of this show wasn't what you led me to believe it would be, and I feel realy disappointed by it.
For all these reasons, and if you want to keep me as a customer, I would be gratfull if you gave me some or all of my money back.
Yours sincerly,
My marks weren't good enought to obtain my degree in Computer Science, and the exam session was finished.
I never talked about this project to anyone, exept my best friend Pat.
It is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normaly it is difficult to goin.
Or going to the show on wensday morning and in the afternoon, we can choose between free time or the National Art Gallery.
I look farward to hearing from you.
They found hime two months later and six months later he was in jail.
I am writing this letter to complain about your advertisement for the musical show "over the rainbow", wich is misleading in a number of ways.
Sweating and affraid I waited outside the director's office the following day.
Tairs ran down my face as I admitted having stolen.
I was suprised that my father didn't watch me but I soon understood that he was ignoring me.
That evening my father said a few words: 'May this be the end of your career as a thief; we are only ready to forgive if you promiss never to start again'
I am writing to reply to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in your competetion, which is two weeks. I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win.
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities in our daily life at school shoud be filmed to give the other students an idea of what we usually do, not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time.
The porpouse of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical "Over the Rainbow", wich really disapointed me.
First of all, there were no diccounts avaible such as were promised in the advertisement so I had to pay the original price wich wasn't cheap at all.
Then, I was forced to wait forty-five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 instead of 19:30 and, when it finally started, I was really disapointed to see that the actors weren't Danny and Tina as it had said in the advertisement.
Your really dissatisfied costomer
How has modern technology afected my daily life?
We live sorrounded by inventions wich help as through the day.
The reason for my decision is that other activities are also available in my country, except climbing, but I have a fear of heights so this one is not destinated for people like me.
Acctually, they put me very close to the stage, in the middle of the real hell.
This is the main reasone why I want to ask for a refund.
People won't be embarassed to show the beauty of their bodies.
Moroever, I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine.
During my stay at Camp California, I want to go swimming because I practise this activitie regularly and I often enter competitions: this is one of my hobbies.
Then, there was only one hour left to install the different color lights; it was just enought time.
We would suggest going to this fabolous show.
Yours Sincererly,
Despite being used in many ways, it could entartian us as well.
Although I imagine them in my house in my future, I am sure I would be suprised if I had them.
A usefull helper: the personal computer can quickly help you in lots of situations.
Although the world of computers will develop day by day, I lively hope we (human beings) can mantain our way of seeing things.
I'M VERY PROUD TO BE THE WINNER OF YOUR COMPETITION! I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO SUCH A CAMP BEFORE AND SO I'M LOOKING FORWART TO SPENDING TWO WEEKS THERE.
IT IS ONLY POSSIBLE FOR ME TO TRAVEL IN JULY BECAUSE OF MY UNREGULAR WORK.
HE 'S A SMAL ONE!
I'M LOOKING FORWART TO HEARING FROM YOU
YOU KNOW THAT I ALWAYS WANTED TO HELP AT A CONCERT. TO BE PART OF THE STAFF WOULD BE WONDERFUL, I THOUGTH. AND I WAS RIGHT!
AS YOU KNOW I WROTE TO THAT ORGANISATION WHICH IS ALWAYS RESPONSBLE FOR BIG EVENTS.
ALL OF THE STAFF AND THE ORGANISATION SPOK ABOUT THE RULES AND HOW TO SAVE PEOPLE.
WE WERE A GROUPE! ONE TEAM! BEFORE THE CONCERT WE HAD A BREAK TO EAT SOMETHING AND TO TALK TO EACH OTHER.
THE CONCERT WAS VERRY LOUD AND LONG BUT WE DIDN'T HAVE TO WORK HARD.
GREATING AND HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON
However, it was a very dissappointing evening for me.
Firstly, it was mentioned that there were going to be two starrings but, in fact, only one actor was performing in the show.
Thirdly, the advertisment said that discounts were avaliable but the ticket seller said that there was no discount allowing or avaliable.
In addition, the advertisment mentioned that the restaurant would be open after the show but it was closed because short of cooker.
Finally, I would like to ask for my money back on the ticket due to the disapointing evening out and the misleading advertisement you have created.
Nowadays, modern technology is becomming absolutely essential to our daily life.
Without all this your life would definately change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago.
If this continues to happen our life will be very misarable as accidents happen all the time.
Thank you very much for the many interesting positions in this schedule, especially the river trip to Greenwich, which, we are shure, will be very exciting.
I would like to inform you that we have seen an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Laisure Show" and we have found it very interesting.
Suddenly I heard a noice from my garden and I wanted to know what it was, but it was impossible to do it.
I was affraid that someone was near my house and wanted to get into my house.
I was very frethend, but I knew that I had to do something.
I was shure there was someone on the other side of the wall.
The only thing which really disapointed me was a visit to your theatre where I wanted to see the musical 'over the rainbow', after I read the advertisement for the show.
The things that really dissapointed me were that you said Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were the actors but they weren't, different actors played and to be honest they made the whole show very bad.
To be honest that was not a great expierence and I hope you will see my point.
Since everyone can afford modern technology everyone's life in the more developed countries has changed completly.
So in the last century our daily life has changed dramandesly and we have become lazy and our life unpersonal, fast and unromantic.
Your advertisement mentioned that the famous Danny Brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another, unkown actor who starred instead of him.
All those innacuracies spoilt what should have been a memoriable evening so I would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket.
He did it some more times, and in the end nobody took any notice of the shoutings.
You are working with your ideal woman, I still can't belive that I spoke with her.
At first I couldn't belive that I was a winer
My school starsts in September and it finishes in June.
If I could goin July that would be greate.
I would like to ask you, what sort of clothes should I take with me? I don't want to take too much; jeans, jumper, swimming costium, T-shirt, sports shoes I think should be O.K.
At first I was helping to seill the tickets-it wasn't difficult.
We had to check evey plug, switch, light.
I couldn't belive how big a lamp can be.
fortunetly nothing had happend.
Only people who were helping and organizating this concert could meet her.
Some of them were speaking with her, I wasn't this lucky person, but still I'm happy, that I could be thear.
Log cabins may be more confortable. On the other hand I think that I will be able to "survive" in a tent.
I vish you had been here with me.
You cannot imagine how dissapointed I was with myself.
We started to put everthing on the stage and after this we realized that the band was coming onto the stage near us.
After all of this we saw the show from the best place, near the stage and afterwards, the thing that I most liked, we were convidated to see the group and got their signatures.
I have got a few things to complain about regarding your theart.
I deciced to go and visit your theatre restaurant.
For example, once people had to walk from one place to another, but now we can use sciene and technology to produce a lot of petrol-powered vehicles and we can travel faster with them.
We can also use techlogy to produce more food and help them grow faster.
The rules at home are very different. I am allowed to do what I want as long as I studie enough to aprove.
It is not allways easy, but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them.
I hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesistate to contact me.
In addition to this, you may have some roboters bringing the newspaper to the table, tidying up the house, and doing the shopping. Maybe they will also be your life patners.
I and my friend Emma helped to paint the scence on the stage.
As you know, I like drawing and painting when I have some free time so that is why I chose to paint the scence.
Moreover, the restaurant was still under construction so that we couldn't use it when we were extlemely hungry.
One of the biggist things that have changed is the change in the methods of communication.
I have mentioned a few changes above but there's still the biggist one left, which is related to the field of computers.
I refer to your advertisment in the Herald Tribune where you advertised the Circle Theatre and the recent musical:
When we arrived at the theatre we realised that there were no discount tickets available as were mentioned in your advertisment so we had to buy the most expensive ones.
I am looking forward to your promt reply.
Today the fashion industrie has a great importance in the commercial market.
There are the natural materials on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry produces more and more syntetical materials, which relay on the production cost.
In 100 years most clothes will be made from syntetical material.
The contrast will be especially attractiv.
Furthermore the style of the clothes is going to be more crazy and individuell but there will still be enumerous clothes for conservative people.
On balance fashion in 100 years time will be confortable and colourful.
There will be clothes for everyone's tast.
Our school is really very diciplined, especially about our clothes and behaviour.
When I read the advertisement, it said that the restaurand would be open.
On behalf of the class I would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised, especially the idea of visiting a galery.
I grew up through the water world and I couldn't live whitout it.
I love sports so I would like to play some basketball at the camp. By the way, my team and I won the last scholl championship. I play guard on my team. I also like tennis but I am not very good. I was wondering if you could give me some lessons while I am there.
I do not have words to express how happy I am. I would like to thank you and Camp California for this oportunity.
Since man became man he has needed to hunt to survive. In ancient times he used spears, bows and arrows, and the wemon's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff.
Nowadays, in the year 2000 we still practise this ancient art but in a diferent way, we don't use weapons for hunting animals in the jungle, we use the remote to hunt TV shows, and we do not collect vegetables any more, we go shopping.
This activity of shopping has become one of our most important, after all, we go shopping for any reason, we have developed such an instinc for shopping that we can proudly say that we are some sort of kings of the urban jungle.
If an activity has stayed with us, mankind, for so long, it must give us some pleasure and maybe that's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price marked on it, that is the greatest of extasis.
But where is the bad part of it? Well shopping can became horrible at christmast for example, when houndred of people go to the shopping center and it also can cause many problems when you become an impulsive buyer.
Shopping is not always enjouable because of several factorors.
One could be when you go into a shop and you find something that you like, and you decide to buy it, but when you see the price, you find out that it's too expencive, and you cannot afford to buy it.
This cituation is very annoying for most people, and that's what makes shopping unejoyable.
Why don't we include some sports, for example, voleyball?
Furthermore, it's a worthful experience for people who want to know about other countries 'arts.
Finally, with regard to tickets, it is a really wonderful idea because it is more combinient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people.
One day, when the old man went into the bambo bush, he found some bambo gritted white.
He had never seen such bambo before but decided to cut it down.
THE KIND OF ACCOMODATION I PREFER IS A TENT BECAUSE AT SOMMER CAMP I FIND IT MORE INTERESTING SLEEPING OUTSIDE UNDER THE SKY WHEN THE WEATHER IS NICE AND WARM.
IM QUITE GOOD AT PLAYING BASKETBALL BECAUSE I USED TO PLAY FOR ABOUT FIVE YEARS AT SCHOOL. WE USED TO HAVE TRAINING SESSIONS TWICE A WEEK AND AT LEAST TWO GAMES A MONTH AGAINST ANOTHER SCHOOL, WHICH WAS GREAT.
PAINTING ALWAYS DID FASCINATE ME, EVEN THOUGH I'M NOT SO GOOD AT IT, BUT MY FRIENDS SAY I CAN REALLY PAINT AND THEY LOVE THE THINGS I DO. THE TECHNIK I LIKE THE MOST IS WATERCOLORS.
DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT MY EXPIERENCE HELPING AT THE POP CONCERT IN OUR TOWN?
The reason I'm writting this letter to you is that during my stay in London I felt very disappointed about your theatre.
After all the inconvenients that made me feel really mad. I think I can only forgive your theatre if you give me a refund of the money I spent there, and some more for all the problems I had.
As you already know, I am trying to become a professional photographer, consequently I would choose photograpy as the first activity and painting as the second.
However, I would like to know if by any chance the photograpy activities are only for beginners.
Actualy most people work hard to earn their money and consequently, the occasion on which this money is spent to buy something useful, or simply something they like, should be considered a very pleasant occasion.
In fact, the shopping you do for your daily needs is seldom enjouble, as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and morover you are often faced with some nasty situations.
First of all, when I paid my entrance fee they didn't acept my discount ticket, they told me that the ticket was fake, then I entered the theatre and I had to wait 45 minutes. The show was suposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15, "this shows a lack of respect".
Manager, I spect that you have considered my bad experience at your theatre, so I'm asking you for my money back, because it was a very bad evening.
It all started when Pat, Nick's best friend, wanted to have the party at his house. Most of the class disagreed with that because the Pat's house is extremly little, they started to say to him that his house was like a box.
Pat got very angree and sad.
At first Nick got angree but then he forgave him because they were friends and each of them could trust in the other.
Nick told the situation to the class and ofered his house for the party, because it was very big, with large gardens and a big swimming pool.
To begin with the wchool rules, we have in fact some important ones.
Since I have studied photography for several years, I would like to take some pictures of beautiful scenaries in California.
I had to pay the full price for them, which was quite expencive.
It turned out to be impossible: the restaurant was closed and we didn't even receive an explaination.
The developpement of portable communication systems, such as mobile phones, has greatly changed our way of life.
It is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and anytime, even if we are two thousand kilometers away from each other.
Precision industry has changed my life a lot too. I go Scuba Diving during the weekends and hollydays.
I would like to travel in July because I have to go back to my country in Auguest.
How can shopping be enjoyable in thoese situation!
I belived everything she told me.
I was surprised that he belived me.
Yours sincerelly,
They are human beings and they need to keep a little bit of pirvacity and freedom in their lives to continue like normal people, to feel that they are unknown and anonymus and they do not have to wear sunglasses, hats or caps every time they want to leave home in order not to be recognised.
Furthermore, you asked me to choise two activities I would like to do.
And now for them shopping can be considerated like a contrariety.
It is quite obvious that celebreties can't lead a normal life, as they are constantly followed by reporters, which makes their life miserable.
I am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is wildely discussed in the mass-media.
Last of all, it says in your advertisement that there is a theatre restaurant open after the show but it turned out to be closed because it was being redecorated and no annocement was made.
Therefore I would like are refund of my ticket and I would like an apolygists.
Yours Sincelery,
What do you think modles will wear on the catwalks?
In my opinion, clothes will be a lot differente in 100 years 'time.
For the accomodation at Camp California, I would prefer to have a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent, and in case there is a big storm with heavy rain. A log cabin's more resistant than a tent.
For the activities, I chose climbing because I took a cours for 2 weeks last year and now I have a good level of proficiency. For the other one I chose photography but I am not a proffesional, I just take some pictures on my holiday!
Next weekend I have a date with one of them, but I won't tell you the name because you'll feel jalous!
I would like to do photografy and swimming.
I love to take photos but I don't have any techinique.
Of course it is good to buy things for ourselves, like clothes, jewelery, anything.
When you buy something you were looking for a long time and, when you arrive at home, you discover some deffect on it and have to go back to the store to complain.
Secondly, I would like to choose a tent for accommodation, because I have never spent time in a tent, that's why, I think it is a good oppotunity for me.
I have planty of experience and knowledge of both aspect of part.
I would be greatfull if you could inform me.
My jobs were collecting tickets, saling goods and refreshments, guiding people to the right seat and cleaning up the concert hall after the concert finished.
What I particularly liked about the experience was the concert was achived through our support.
I really recomend you to help them, I think this is a good oppotunity and I want you to understand my feeling well.
I want to know your openion.
On the other hand, their stories always make them embarras because most of the journalists create their own story based on the true story just to get the people's attention.
All of them were schoked by what they heard.
She became very shy and engry. She couldn't talk with people and she was just very sad.
I want to tell you that I am very dissapointed about the play.
In the advirtisement it said that Danny Brook was in the starring role.
And also it should have started at 19.30, as I saw in the advirtisement, but it started at 20.15!
And so far there weren't any discounts available which were said to be "available" in the advirtisement.
You should have written it in the advirtisement.
Absolutely it was very dissapointing
I hope you understand and will correct your mistakes in the next advirtisement and send me my money soon!
Today 5 out of every 10 pupils can use a computer basicly.
It is really enjable when I chat with people.
Techology is also important in another area for me.
But some naughty students in my class were throwing paper aeroplanes when the teacher was writting something on the board.
Unfortunatelly I have to complain about the musical show put on in your Circle Theatre last night.
When I received your advertisment concerning the show "Over the Rainbow" I thought that I'd have a great evening, but unfortunatelly it was a big disappointment for me.
First of all, Danny Brook-the main actor in this musical-was abbsend.
You also offered discounts-whot kind of discounts?
Becouse the show was very long, we were getting hungry but of course your theatre restaurant was closed because of the holiday.
I had not any money for travelling and my parents were going to give me some only if I had concret plans.
After one mounth, I went back home and told my parents what a lot of fun I had with my friends-I don't know why I was such a liar.
My parents belived my story untill my younger brother Pat told them the truth.
Now my parents don't belive my story.
I hope you will not feel offensed, but I really need to complain about your theater.
You can believe I was very disappointed when I saw that he actually was not performing and I was more bewildered that no one made an apologie for it!
Although, I would have felt better if I had had a discount on my ticket, as you mentionned in the advertisement, but unfortunately, these couldn't possibly be given either!
If more and more ingenors work in science and technology, it must be because it is really usefull: but in what particular way?
I would like to travel at the beginning of the month, which could be between the first and the fifteeth of July, because afterwards I have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip.
Although I like camping and sharing with different kinds of people, I'd prefer a confortable and private place (if it's possible) where I can sleep, or be quiet.. I am not a teenager!
I was running the whole show. My responsability was to dress her.
I relly liked the exhibitions.
The band "Three Kings" apresented a new stily of music.
I would like to notice that the dance show was absolutelly marvelous.
What a greit idea to invite writers! I relly liked talking with them.
You wrote an advertisment saying that people from more than 15 different countries were going to visit this concert, but there were artists from only 6 countries.
It was relly a pity because I expected to see artists from France and Italy.
The International Arts Festival was organised quite well. I would only recomended you have more artists and the classical concert should be in a bigger hall.
They were so poor that somitimes they hardly had anything to eat.
She persuide him to go to the sea to ask for a lot of things for her.
Also, the e-mail system is really hepful.
Circle Theater
Finally we had the worst evening I have ever imagined, it was definitely not the "perfect evening" as written in the adverstiment.
Syntethic materials have developed and become very popular so they would keep going.
I guess they will wear a sort of tunique over a shirt and a skirt, or more masculine clothes because they want to change.
About the accomodation, I would prefer a tent because I enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities.
In conclusion, like all things in life, shopping can be pleasent or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day.
It gives us knowledge usefull for many school clubs, like the "marathon shell" club or the robotich club.
Besides it gives all the areas covered by a mechanical engineer and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mechanical engineer. It lets us identify our abilities and the part of mecanics that we prefer.
Our engineering school is specealized in mecanics and thermodynamics.
First, we could film the fluid mecanics lessons and the general mecanics lessons.
I wonder if we could not feet between some short view of the laboratories, in which we could show a student doing experimentations.
Futur students could appreciate coming if they could still do their sport.
Another point to record woubl be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time. It will show a part of the way of life in the school.
If possible, the type of accomodation I prefer is a tent.
I will be very glad to partecipate in your camp!
Yours faightfully
The show's date is very convinient-March 14-, and it is on in the Central Exhibition Hall so I do not think it would be a problem to get there.
Although this statement is absuletely true, it seems there is no way to stop public attention, so they will have to keep living with journalists.
My name is Marcia Fomalar, I am writting to let you know how disappointed I felt when I went to the musical at the London theatre.
I went to buy a ticket and as I like to enjoy the show near the stage I bought a £ 20 tiket but when I asked for a discount they told me, "I am sorry but there was an error in the advertisement. It will be impossible to give you a discount".
At 19:15 I was very impatient, waiting for the show to begin, and a man anounced that the show would start at 20:15.
Finaly the show started and to my sorprise my favourite actor Danny Brooke had been replaced by another actor.
Pat sent a fax to my house with the different alternatives she had thought of but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the sorprise was ruined.
The other activity that I chose is painting. I am not as good as I want, nevertheless I think I can inprove my skills during this course.
I would like to know how the weather is in California during the summer so I can bring with me the appropiate clothes and the last thing I need to know is the amount of money that I have to bring with me.
To make this report easier and faster, it was necessary to make a questionarie which was given out in the school.
However, 15% thougth that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying themselves and they mentioned it as not really important.
As you can see, my clasemates and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have.
A few weeks ago, my family and I had a hoilday in London. The hoilday wasn't too good!
During the week we descide where we wanted to go. We all agreed to listen to music so then we descide to go to your musical show and listen to "Over the Rainbow".
That evening we didn't want to have our supper before the show. Anyway I thought it would be too early to eat and also because the timetable or canidates you give me have say: "visit our theatre restaurant after the show".
So we did, but unforturnily it was closed and I was so dissapointed about it, not only because we had expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove to be the actor of starring.
We don't expect much bad to happen on our hoilday, but this was a perfectic show as well, it was the worst show and theatre I have ever been to in my life.
sincinerly Ki
To help us to live happily, sciencetist can easily perdict the changes on earth, so that we can have time to perpare or defend ourselves from natural diseasters.
Wapons are designed to kill and defend in a fight. In the Second World War so many Germans were killed. Also many people died in other regions,
Posin chemical compounds, e.g. gases and liquids, are created too. They have been used to kill people. Most of them produce radiration, which can disable a person, mostly harming their brain and their bodies, and it can also cause death.
Communication techology, e.g. internet (networks) and moible phones.
In wars soilors communicate with moible phones though places to place to get or give information about themselves and the enarmys.
By using the Internet we can make new pen friends overseas, and creat clubs and sociatys.
Now a megsage can travel quicker and it is also worldwide. sending letters takes about a week from Hong Kong to the U.K., but network, e.g.
Modern technology saves us a lot of time and brings us many benifects when we use it in the right way, but some bad way to e.g. send virse to break down network.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and this was the reason why the party wasn't as succesful as we thought.
We decided to go to his place (I've got a copy of the key) the evening before his birthday while he was at work and decorate the lounch, then turn off the lights and wait for him in silence until he arrived.
With reference to our trip to London, on behalf of all of us, the English class in this college, we would like to thank you for your special atention in organising a good programme to learn about the interesting and cultural places in London.
We have been very excited about this and coincidentely we have found another option to add to our programme, certainly if you agree with it.
We thought that The London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformations nowdays in England concerning fashion, leisure, sports and lifestyle.
It was dangerous, but I kew I had to do it.
I was at home putting my makeup on before going to a restaurant with my friends and, sudenlly, he rang the bell. He was so tense with a gun in his hands and I could no longer speak. He took me out with him.
I had tried to think about stopping him, but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to scare me and he forced me to buy cocain using my cheques.
I am writing to make some complaints about the musical show "Over the Rainbow", of wich you are the manager.
Although it was written in the show's addvertisement that the main actor was Danny Brook, it, unfortunately, was not him.
It was also written in the show's addvertisement that there would be discounts available on the tickets.
Even though the addvertisement said we should visit it after the show, it was closed and no explanations were given.
In conclusion, the addvertisement promised this would be a perfect evening out, but it was not, so I would like to ask for my money back.
One day, I inocently told Pat that I was dating Philip Smythe, the school's hunk and most popular boy.
Suddenly, an enourmous saddness caught me, because Philip had begged me not to tell anyone, so he would definately break up with me, and I knew I was going to stop talking to Pat, because she had just ruined my happiness and I couldn't trust her anymore.
One day, while I was studying maths, one of my friends, called Pat, asked me to have a coffe with her.
The problem started when I confesed to her that I had fallen in love with Larry, who was my cousin's boyfriend.
Surprizingly there was a completely different actor starring.
Unfortunatly the restaurant was closed.
He is only looking for the biggest fishes and he has been unsuccesfull for 86 days.
Little by little we were growing up and becaming close friends.
I relyied on her and our relationship was excellent.
It is my only favorite hobby.
To reply to your question, it was realy a nice experience.
As you know, I like pop music so much and the singer was one of my favorite singers.
I would be most greatful if you could let me have some information:
-Are there leisure and intertainments facilities close to the camp?
I am really surprised for the information because I won, and I would like to say thank you for everyting. This is why I wrote and sent this letter with the information you need I can only travel in July because it is the only time when I can do it before for my work I do not really care what accommodation I will have. I would prefer to come in July I will be avaliabel for the moment. I would really apreciated it if you could tell the people who work at Camp California I choose the Golf and Photography because I think I am really interested in those subjects. I am not really really good but I have some experience.
I think that is everyting I would like to know.
I want to apologise to you, because I haven't written to you recently, but I want to tell you what hapend to me last week. I had the opportunity to help at one of the most pop concerts in my city. So imagen, I felt really really good and excited. I don't have words to describe it but I will try to do it, OK?
What's more, your letter said about the chance to do two acctivities during the camp.
I have even won a competion once.
I would like to know if the,, travel costs ''which you had paid include entrance tickets to the museums or any other cultural places, because I would like to do some sightseeing in the U.S.A. Furthermore, if there will be cmy tumple dryer or washing maschine to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp.
When discribing the advantages, we should remember that most people like doing shopping.
Very often people go to a shop-usually a big departament store and buy things which they do not need.
From my point of view it depands on us whether shopping will be enjoyable or not.
My name is Manu Roddos and I am writing to complain about some things that happened at the performance of the show Over the Rainbow, wich took place in your stablishment, The Circle Theater, which made me feel very upset.
I was very excited to see it yesterday, but as soon as I arrived at the theater the problems began.
Yours Sincerelly,
Firstly, the great boom in mass comunication wich happened at the beginning of our decade, with the devellopment of telephones, radio stations, television and even satelites, and of course, the Internet, gave ordinary people the chance to take off on a trip all over the world, and this allowed health and education research to increase as well.
In addition to that, people will always be affraid of a technological war.
In conclusion, from my point of view, people must learn that despite technology being such a new area to explore, we have to use it with a great deal of responsability for us all to survive in the future.
And is there anything eles I have to take with me?
Yes, it is true. This is only because nowadays people have more money than ever before, and some women don't earn money. They have no idea how diffcult it is to earn money.
It would be wonderful to buy some books or programms with the signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival.
I hope this letter will help you with organying the festival.
Every puple has to sit alone. (I mean that one desk is given to one person.)
2. One should have such marks as,, 3 ",,, 4",,, 5 ", not,, 2", which is eaqual to fail.
We don't have old-traditioned rules or anything like that.
First of all, it would be a good thing to say that July would be the best time to travel because it is the hottest mounth in the year, and the weather will be really nice.
Despite my lack of expereance in climbing I do want to try this type of sport.
The aim of this report is to suggest wich lessons and other activities should be filmed.
I have enterwed each student from my English class.
Fistly, the English lessons must be filmed as the most interesting lessons at our school because it will give students an interest in studying and improving their noleges.
It contributes to the world's treasure house of literature and arouses an irresistable fascination.
We shouldn't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college, especially if we take into consideration the fact that it is in the city of Shakespear.
Also, painting is one of my favorite things!
Anyway, I really enjoyed helpying at a pop concert last month so that I'd like to write about it!
Anyway, by the time we finished everything, thusands of funs came into this concert hall.
I'm writting to you with reference to the letter I have received from you saying I have won your competition.
Well, as you ask, I will tell you I would like to travel as soon as July begins, I'm going to be able only to travel in that month because of my job responsabilities.
Regarding the choice of tents or log cabins, I think I will turn to the first one because I have always loved camping close to nature, if possible, in front of a lake or a river, if your campsite has one, so that I will be able to do my favorite and skillful hobby: sailing.
I would like to travel only in July, because I have only one month's holliday this year.
It is not too confortable, but that is not a problem for me. I like this kind of holliday.
I never had met pop stars before and I was very impresed, but I was too happy to show my shyness.
I stayed with him until the concert began and after the show I had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other dansers.
So, unfortunately, I must say that last night was one of the worst nights I ever had, and having given the reasons, I expect to be able to count on your sense of responsability, so, I feel that I must ask for my 20 pounds I spent on that terrible night.
Also, with today's machines, factories have significantly increased their production, which brings progress to humanity, but also, with the continous replacement of men by machines, unemployment is increasing too, and today, it worries every single citizen of the world, specially the ones who live in third world countries.
It would be a fun experiance!
Women, in perticular, have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see.
This was the best thing that had ever happend to the Fennall family for yeats.
Which was very chooking for her mother.
SINCE I HAVE A CHOICE OF ACCOMODATION, I'LL DEFINETELLY GO FOR THE LOG CABIN, BECAUSE I CAN'T BEAR THE HEAT INSIDE A TENT.
I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE WEATHER CONDITIONS, SO I CAN DECIDE ON WHAT CLOTHES TO TAKE, AND ABOUT COSTS, SO I CAN MAKE A BUDJET FOR THE HOLIDAY.
AFTER THE STAGE WAS BUILT, THE REST OF THE THINGS I HAD TO DO WERE QUITE EASY AND ENJOYABLE; I COULD STAY EITHER BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF THE STAGE AND GIVE A HAND IF NEEDED. I REALLY ENJOYED IT BECAUSE I LEARNT A LOT OF TECNICAL THINGS I DIDN'T KNOW; AND WHAT I ALSO ENJOYED WAS THE GOOD PAY!
I'm writting to you to complain about a play I have seen, called: "Over the rainbow".
It was clear that Pat had to change and show his friends that they could believe in him thrutly.
For those next few days, Pat would do his best to be as sympathic as possible.
To begin with, every morning Pat said a pleasant "hello" and added to that a big smail.
His mother always says: "If you are smailing and are nice to people, poeple will be nice and will smail at you".
I would preffer to travel in July. I have only this time, because my summer holidays are during these days.
A cabin reminds me too much of my home and is too confortable. That isn't what I want to have if I stay in a wild area.
I was able to ask anybody, and he answered in detail, althoug he had a lot of work.
I'm writing to you followwing our visitting to your theatre last night.
And I would like to know if it is posible to have our money back.
And if someone elso knew, I wouldn't be able to go back to heaven unless I killed the person who told my secret.
And I would like to goin the first part of this month, the socond part I spend with my familly.
While I will be at the Camp I would like sailing, because it is my favorite sport.
Yours faitfully
In my opininion this book 'The Old Man and the sea' is the best book which Ernest Hemingway wrote.
Thise book is about a man who knows that he will die soon, he knows that he didn't make his dream come tru.
So he decidet to go for a last trip in his life.
He needs to rest, but he doesn't geve up.
In the end he makes his drems come tru, he catches a vast Marlin.
In thise book Hemingway is trying to tell us, that if we want something, we can get it, it might be deficult and take a long time but we can do it.
Sometimes they geve up, befor they get something,
I read the advertisement and I thought it was going to be a plesent evening.
From the beggining it was all a disappointment.
When I went to buy the ticket I tried to get a discount with my student card, but that was not posible.
I let this pass and I bought it anyway, thinking that it was posible that this was only a mistake in your advertisement.
But the play started fourty-five minutes late, and the star of the show, of whom I'm a great fan an who was the main reason for why I decided to see the play, had been changed for another actor, who turned out to be really bad.
I think you realise why I'm writting this letter to ask you to give me my money back.
All the things that were promised in your advertisement were untrue, and it was definitly NOT the perfect evening out.
Specting that you will resolve this misunderstanding.
There's no doubt that modern tecnology has changed our lives, but how?
I think that some of the changes have been very good, like the impruvement in medical science, which now can save millions of people that one hundred years ago were doomed to die or to live miserable lives.
It has changed the ways people comunicate.
But tecnology has not only changed our lives in a good way, giving us things that can make our lives more confortable, it has also created things that aren't bad, but if they are in the hands of the wrong people they can destroy the world.
Weapons and factories are destroing our planet and we need to realise that we have to use tecnology to impruve our lives, while always triying to respect nature.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer to stay in tents rather than log carbins because I have a lot of experience of putting up my own tents.
I like to go window shopping that is good to go arround the shopping centre.
Then I can say I definatly don't feel it is enjoyable.
-Accomodation: a log cabin would be nice for me to stay in when I am in California.
Before we can give our opinions on this statemant we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing.
We do not speak here about luxuary goods.
But if you realize how important what you buy is for your health you will go shopping with a far greater consiousness and more joy than before. '
How incredable it is!
I love swimming and also I've got a scubar diving licence.
I used to enjoy floting on the water whenever I was on holiday.
Singing is the most favarite hobby for us.
I'd like to know how much monery, and how many clothes we need.
Of couse, the shopkeepers are human beings as well.
But for their considerations, they're working in their rutines.
I sometimes lose my desire to buy a thing because of their bad behaviers.
For example, for our jobs, supecial ceremonies, and so on.
Your advertisement also failed to mention the fact that there were no discounts whatsoever and, finally, because of a shortage of staf, your restaurant was not open.
I asked myself how I could be so stupied, telling her my secret after all I had been going through to keep it to myself.
Now I didn't need to go around worring about it anymore.
I decieded to thank Pat, and maybe, if possible, teach her a lession.
I pretended to be totaly miserable.
Pat didn't know what to do. She apoligised over and over again and I could really see that she was more than devestated.
After hugging eatch other we promised never to tell others about our secrets.
However, it was deleied and it started at 20.15.
The theatre restaurant was closed after the show, they said funds had runn out.
Those are totally unexpectable so I would like to get paid for my ticket cost.
I ask you to transfor money into this account.
Think about the conputer, the speed of conputer is much faster than before.
Nowdays, technology keeps developing and better technology gives us an easier life.
In the hopeness that you understand me.
Unfortunely, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
At first, when he had a girlfriend, they talked to each other franckly.
But after they seperated, he told his friends her secrets without thinking.
It is like one of his bad habbits.
It was a very unpleasent evening.
The restaurant should have been oppened when I came out, but it was closed because of the time the show finished.
After breakfeast I have to use my car to get to school.
Without technology I would get realy bored.
I would be very grateful to recieve answers to my questions.
Boy, he's really really handsom!
Secondly, the show was meant to begin at 19.30 pm, actually it began at 20.15 pm and that was without giving any explainations!
Another thing that has changed my daily life is the mobil phone.
Sometimes the ring is annoying but, finally, the mobil phone is a great, handy object.
About the acommodation, from the two options, I choose to sleep in a tent, because I think that a log cabin isn't as authentic as a tent, at the camp.
I would be greatful if you could send me further information about details like how much money or what kind of clothes I'll have to take with me.
You know that I'm a little bit lazy, but the main reason for not writting to you has been the accummulation of exams during this month.
There I was impressed by how a singer can cause such histerism in teenagers.
During the two-hour concert we had to attend to thirty-six people who became inconscious after being trapped in the first row by the other people.
Answering the second question, I would prefer my accomodation to be in log cabins.
And when it finaly started, it wasn't Danny Brook who performed.
After the show I wanted to drink somthing in your theatre restaurant but when I arrived it was closed because the show started too late!
So I ask you sincearly for my money back becaus it wasn't a perfect evening out.
I told her that my parents are getting divorsed and that I will move to Chicago with my mother.
One day, Pat and I were going home, when she asked me if I would give a party befor I go.
I had to tell her that I didn't have the time to organise anything becaus we, my mother and I, had to get our stuff ready to move.
But when we got into the hous ther were all my friends!
We had a great evening becaus Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets!
I am writting to give the information you asked me for and also I would like to request some information about the prize.
Furthermore I would like to choose to stay in a tent instead of a cabin because I think it could be more exciting and could provide more contact with the enveiroment.
He had a puncture and he didn't know how to repeared it. Then I changed the tyre and during this time he was asking me about my hobbies, studies, everything.
I am writting to you in order to give you some details you asked me for in your letter.
The job was hard, but, from my point of view, it was worthful.
The most exhiting thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert, and we went to the Highlands to spend the whole day there.
That was fantactic!
If you have never been there, I really recemmend you to go.
But we decided to buy a picture, because she had always told us about art galleries with great exitement.
Yours sinecerely
Despite the fact that going to school by bus was easier than going by bycyle, I had preferred going to school by bycyle to going by bus.
When I went to see her play, I realy would love to be an actress.
It was my dream. I wish my dady
Aspecially in the summer when the tempereture and humidity are very high.
From the list of all the activities I have choosen photography and golf.
I have choosen golf because I have never played this game.
My friend offered me a job as a member of the techical staff at Sting's concert.
We've built it using ready metal and wodden parts.
I was working with a specialist who had to connect all the lights together to one computer and prepare a colorful show.
It was a totally new experience for me and a real pleasure working with professionalists.
For me-the dance shows were absolutelly wonderful.
I prefere them to others.
We chose some of them and we were glad that we had our reasonably priced ticket for all the evants because we could change our plans during the evant.
Most studenst wear jeans and a sweater.
Next year, you should calulate or examine how many people will come before you choose a hall, which I feel very good was plays and films.
And the offer of a "weedend ticket" was an excellent idea.
Because the price was cheaper than buying it sperate and more convience.
Yours Sinicerely,
Finally, food shops should be added to this festival next year because only plays and films were not atrractive enought to get audiences.
Yours sencirely,
However, I can go out wheneve I want, even at midnight.
Secoundly, boys are not allowed to have long hair.
I feel that they would be fabulos places with a western design.
Another disadvatage of the festival's programme was the lack of plays and films which are the best to display a modern country's culture, I think.
In conclusuon, I would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be made.
Fortunatelly, there are many ways to earn some money nowadays.
In addition to baby-sitting, you may also give some lessons to small children such as (tl) teaching them to read or write or just basic rules and words of a foreign language, Eglish, for example.
But if you don't like children and are not easy-going enough to work as a waiter you may choose the more pieceful job of a typist at home.
So, you can help them and earn quiete enough.
Moreover, men prefer to do sports, because shopping wastes a lot of time, which is controry to the tastes of women, because if they have any free time, they will go shopping.
Finally, I would be interested in meeting artists from everywhere in the world not only Europeen artists.
In conclusion, I had an unforgetable time.
The restaurant was closed because there wasn't any electricity. You should close the theatre untill the restaurant can be used.
I was totaly unsatisfied with the theatre and I would like to have my money back if that's possible.
I'm quite sure that people all around the world will be wearing very different clothes in the future because people, especialy women, who like to be very elegant and beautiful, will create and invent all kinds of clothes to anybody and that's it.
You can't be carefull because you don't know what time it will happen.
But you can be carefull when you speak with he or she who is stealing your things.
I am writing this as a reply to your request to provide you with some information about my preferencies.
I am not so keen about the accomotation but would rather stay in tents than cabins.
We live near the seashore and swimming is the sports activitie I am really good at.
Somitimes I feel very sorry for her.
Lots of families plan a day out to go to a shopping center, and it is a normal routine for them-to spend all day just shopping.
I would like the trip to start in July if possible. Because this is my Hoilday start at the Camp California, I would like my accommodation in a tent, because I work in the Army and on the camp I usually stay in a tent at night, so I will feel more comfortable.
Regarding the activities I would like to choose Swimming and climbing for my activities at the camp; I usually do these two activities on the Army Camp. I know how to climb up on Rachiat outside and help other people to climp up.
To make a daily life video in school, we should concentrat on the things we do most in a school. The thing we do most in a school is have lessons. It will be a very useful part of this video and should be the main subject.
At the end of the video, we should find one or two studen sit together and ask them a few questions about how they feel about studying at the school? This is the suggestion to making a daily life video in school.
It would be greatful.
And we couldn't wear any colorful clothes and socks.
I'm pursuading my mum, perhaps.
I am writing in response to your advertisment in today's newspaper.
In addition to this, I was wondering if you could organize the same festival in the sommer.
Unfortuneatly, Daniela fainted.
This story happend a long time ago.
Now Pat realized what was going on and could undstand why her boyfriend got so nervous about the secret.
Nevertheless, I lost my concerntration on my studies and I spent the money on entertainment.
I will never ever help anybody to organice a pop concert again.
But after this serville work I met Eminem.
As regards painting, I know a lot about it since my grandmother taugh me when I was five years old.
She also told me that she has some conections with the people in charge of the lights at the concert.
Since I am going to travel I would like to know how much money it would be adviseable to take and what kind of clothing I should take.
Or approximately how much money would be enough to buy surveniers because this will be the first time for me visiting Carifolnia.
Finaly, I must choose travelling there in July because I am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work.
However, things which you can get with money do not necessarily fill your unsatisfaction or even as you buy something more and more, your emptiness might be greater.
And shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your pertners.
On the whole, shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you migh be extravacant, lose your friends and have what you don't need.
We think we could change the shooping to go to the show.
To sum up, there is no perfect job, and being famous involves a lof of money, but also a lot of jouralists following your private life.
All the group would enjoy going to the show, because it is a great oportunity to see an exhibition of the latest fashions.
For example, we can't go to the toliet during lessons. We have to go there in the break.
It's too strickt. I don't like it.
My name is Sandre Atos, I am writting to you because last weekend I went to the theatre you manage, to see what was called "London's newest and best musical show".
That's why I am writting to ask for some money back; I believe I have this right.
Unfortunatly my parents did not realize how TV was creating a role among us.
On the other hand, due to scientific developments, I am getting better, recovering from ahsma.
I had a very dissappointing evining last Saturday.
I had everythig planned; my family and I were coming to whatch your show and then have a decent meal at your theatre restaurant but it was disasterous.
Then everything was going well untill the show didn't start!
That was a dissapointment for my whole family. In fact all the audience were very dissappointed.
Anyway the show was nowhere near as good as it was meant to be and it was definately worse than I had expected it to be. I didn't enjoy it at all so I was relying on the food to fill me up and relieve some of my stress.
So as soon as the show was over we walked out and followed all the signs for about 5 minutes, desparately searching for your restaurant, our stomachs rumbling for food.
What kind of an organasation do you call this, sir/ madam?
You don't understand how dissappointed and angry I was that night.
In fact he was one of the principal busybodies of his neighborhood and his school so not a lot of people in his school liked him.
Some were just friendship groups but others took it seriously, maby just a bit too seriously. They gave themselves names and acted like gangs rather than just groups of friends, and started picking on younger people, or mempers of other gangs, trying to start fights with them.
This whent on and on, got more and more serious, but it was so secret that the teachers didn't notice.
Everyone in the year was anoyed, but not with Pat, oh, no!
exept a few phcyco groups. Some of the more serious ones decided to raid this party, just for the fun and meanness of it.
Everyone was enjoying themselves exept Pat, who had heard about the raid.
The time had come. The who groups had comdined their forces and were ready to strike.
Lots of People wher injured and even more were suspended the next day at school, when the Headmaster found out what had happened.
Pat recieved no punishment at all and he wasn't blamed for anything by his teachers or friends.
But he felt awfull because he knew that all this had happened because of him.
Do you like do-it-yourself and is your house full of marvellous but unuseful things? You could sell them to a specialised shop and finally tidy up your room!
I am writing in response to the International Arsts Festival, which took place on 21-22 November.
I would like to inform you that it was a great idea and a valuable activitie as a social event.
However, it was a dissapointment when I realised that not many countries were attending the event. I would have liked to have seen more countries from all around the world, for instance, the Far East, Indonesia etc.
On the other hand, I enjoyed being one of the people seeing the plays films, the dance shows which were brillantly performed and the art exbitions.
Finally, I preciate your organisation and look forward to hearing about the next International Arts Festival.
What a pitty!
Privat schools have a more relaxed atmosphere than the state schools.
Of course smoking isn't allowed in any part of the schol.
Apart from that I wouldn't mind at all whether I stay in tents or log cabins but if I have to choose between these two I'd prefer to stay in tents because they give me a nice feeling of relaxation. It is very unusal to stay in log cabins while you are camping.
Photography is a very interesting activitie, and is not too hard to do either.
Worst of all, at the end of the Musical, I went to your Theatre Restaurant, in order to have dinner, because I had leaft home without eating and so I was hungry at that time.
First of all, modern technology has changed my daily life in the last five years more quickly than in anchient times, or even than a decade ago.
Nowadays, I can't go one day without consulting computer communications via e-mail or the Internet. I exchange corespondecies with all my family via the Internet, with my mother and 2 brothers who live in Curitilra City and also with a brother who lives in Italy and another who is living in New Zealand.
It's written in the regulament that we can't leave the school during the breaks; we can't smoke near the classrooms; we have to justify our absences or lateness and even if you're over eighteen your parents have to justify you with the teacher.
Regarding accomodation I would prefer sleeping in a tent because I enjoy the closeness to nature while camping a lot.
I sort of felt like I had done my part to make the concert a sucess.
The show is going to be on Tuesday the 14 of March from 10.00 to 19.00 and we fained it very interesting, because we will have the opportunity to see mews, firstly about the latest fashions, secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about make-up and hairstyles.
Thank you very mutch!
Most of the time they have journalists following them everywhere, looking for a great story or interesting pictures to put on the front page of the newspaper, and I don't think this is very nice, but it is the price that famous people have to pay, just becouse they are popular.
Anyway, this is not always necessarily a problem, but it can be a big thing for the famous person, becouse it gets people talking about him and increases his popularity.
In conclusion, I can say that this is not the biggest problem that the world has and-- it is not my problem becouse I am not famous!
Concidently the show is in London and on Tuesday March 14, which is during the period we are in London for the three-day programme.
However, journalists should not only think about commercial value, because morality and priciples are also concerned.
I remember in August 1997 Princess Diana dying in the car crash was one of the most disarster examples.
Although we cannot deny it is our nature-we are curious-we can improve our sence of morality and try to think about the importance of privacy for them.
Basle, 12th Decembre 2000
In your letter, you asked me wheter the book I've read would be a suitable present for your cousin's fifteenth birthday.
You wrote that your cousin is quite intered in magic, detectives and sport, didn't you? I think this is the best choice for him!
As you know, we are in England to learn your language and also to learn about your lifestyle, and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to discorve this aspect of your country!
Thank you for your letter, as usual, it's a pleisure to receive news from you.
It's a fantastique book, which I recommend to everybody keen on love stories.
It's a perfect combinaison of passion and life's difficulties.
I recone that it's not an easy read, but as you described your cousin, I think she really will enjoy it, she's so good at litteracy that it won't be a problem for her.
I really think you should choose this one for her, it does go with her personnality.
It'll be a good point for her general education. Wuthering Heights is a classic, which everybody knows about, even if they haven't read it, they at liest know the story.
How has morden technology changed my life?
A computer is extrrmely helpful with writing reports and essays.
But also I am not able to imagine my life without this nice way of reciving news with help of it.
I would be very greatful if you could let us go to the show.
Furthermore, addmission is free for students.
Unfortunately, our programm is fixed but I think we could change part of the programme.
Firstly, most people can remember the sad story of "Princess Diana". She died in Paris a few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called "Paparach".
However, secondly, famous people are not "ailen" so they might do something, for example, ashame things in a public space, or argue with a partner or family, even put on a swimming costume like us.
So they can be just ordinaly people like us.
Overall, people should think about what it would be like if we were famous people... and then we can find the answer that all people, including famous people, need a private life and would like to have an ordinaly life.
They were eagar to have a child, but they had never been able to.
About when I would like to travel, I think that my answer will be easy for you, because I have two months off, those are July and August, so my trip should be in between. Regarding my accomodation I would like to stay in a tent because I remember my holidays in the south of Peru, a long time ago; it was wonderful.
If it is possible for you to help me clear up some doubts I have, I'll be really greatful.
Yours faitfull.
First of all, I'll tell you that on the day of the concert I woke up at 6:30 a.m., very early for me. You know me, I'm lazzy. The work began around 8:30. It was very hard but then the band came to rehearse. From that moment I enjoyed working until the concert had finished. The atmosphere was wonderful, the musicians were very kind to everyone who was working because they understood that putting on a concert is a job to be done by a team.
Finally, we would like to get your permition to go. Maybe if it is possible that you can change your programme, we can go to your college any time after Tuesday.
This story happed two years ago.
Not only was I a member of the swimming team in our school, but also I had been tought by my father since I was five years old.
I started thinking about it. After all, either had I neve done this task before, or trained.
It was really a reasonably priced weekend for me, but you should also introduce new activities like competitions in singing songs or drawing a portrate next year.
Secondly, the show should have started at 19:30 p.m., and it began fourty-five minutes late.
Moreover, when I went to buy the tickets no discounts were avaliable.
Furthermore, I wanted to have a coffe after the show, but when I tried to get to the theatre restaurant, it was closed.
Ballons and coloured lights were put in all the trees.
I carried a lot of chairs and looked after the que or people who lost their way.
As we are going to be in London on this date, we think it could be a great oppurtunity for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions, make up, etc. and it is free for students.
Because of this, we would kindy ask you to change the programme so that we could go to this particular event.
A especiall invitation
It allowed people to enjoy their weekend, relax, and also it brought a foreign culture to them, broadening their kownlegth.
In addition to this, one weekend ticket for all the events was only £ 10. This was excellent. It meant people only spent pocket-money, and then they could watch all the events at the weeked. For them it is a really economical way to spend their weekend.
Moreover, the stars and artists were from only six countries. In my opinion, if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries, it will make the festival more exciting, more intesting, and in my opinion, some of the concert halls were too small. The people in there couldn't even go to the loo, because it was too crowded.
These are only my inmature views. If it is considerable for you, I will be very pleased. Thank you very much.
It was very uncamfortable for me.
Today I recived your letter. It is the most wonderful news I have heard in a long time.
I am so pleased that I won this prize that I cannot explain how greateful I am.
Because of this situation I will be very busy in the first week of July, and I would apreciate it if you could give me the option to begin my "Camp California" experience on July 10th.
About the Accomodation I would prefer to sleep in a tent, because I have never been in one, and it is a lot more fun than log cabins.
Because I have seen my father playing golf since I was a child I am very keen on this sport, and also I love photography because I have got a great Camara.
When I was a child I never liked to go shopping because my Mum spent so much time in the shops that I remember that going shopping with her was a nigthmare.
It is ameaising how people change over the years For example now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things, and every week I have to buy something.
But these days shopping is not always enjoyable, because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer and you pay the full price, at the end of the season it is half price. I find it very anfair for people who pay a lot of money for their clothes.
Anyway, shopping is allways satisfation for rich people, because they can afford it and they don't mind paying the full price for their clothes.
Modern technology can't not transforme our daily life.
The inventions of the airplane, of the train and of the car, have reduced the distances of the world, so we can go to the other side of the world in half a day.
Everything has changed: style, colour, qual. Fashion.
We saw almost all kinds of skirts, trousers, coats, skirts and even hats-which untill now have been the main point of many fashion creatures.
Grey and black-like the seasons, like people's charakters, like all the night and dark sourranding us.
In the advertisement, it said that Danny Brook was starring, but in place of him there was a different actor and he was really dissapointing.
As you can understand, it was a dreadful time and I want my money back as a consolation for the dissapointment I had.
I support this idea which is convinient both for the public and the organisators.
It is awfull!
However, we promised our perents to do some cleaning every week.
What is more, there are many new ways to produce medicines and modern hospital equipement.
The second is nuclear weapons and the many wars in which modern equipement is used.
To sum up, as far as I am concidered, modern technology has changed my life completely.
Last week, during my holiday in London, I had the opportunity to see the show "Over the Rainbow" at the Circle Theathre.
The day of the show, we got to the theather at 19:30.
Third, the theatre restaurant was closed because the cheff did not show up.
You can feel the fresh air and listen to the animals. This will be a great oportunety!
I am not good at either activity, but it will be a pleasure to try them, espacially surfing. I would like to feel the wind in my hair, and enjoy how quickly the board goes over the sea.
I mean, it is too crowdy, you have to wait such a long time before you can pay, and most of the things are too expensive!
I was looking forward to a great evening, but much to my surprise, that was not exactly the case: there were no discounts available, such as were mentionned in the advertisement; the show started 45 minutes late; I was then very disappointed to see that Danny Brook had been replaced by someone else.
Yours faithfuly,
I will take the exemple of the use of the Internet.
I am writting to you because yesterday I went to the musical "Over the Rainbow" and I had a bad evening.
First of all, I would like to travel in July because this is the beggining of my holidays, and I would not like to miss some of my school classes.
Besides, I would preffer to stay in a tent, because I got used to being in tents since I spend my holidays every summer with my friends in the hills.
In adittion, I would prefer playing tennis.
I also like surfing. I think it is a dangerous sport, but I know how to do it, because of the fact that last year a proffessional surfer tought me.
I'M WRITING TO YOU TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MUSICAL SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW" WICH WAS PERFORMED LAST WEEK.
YOURS SINCEARLY
Because I am a university student, I have got classes until the midle of June and I have to attend a 'Research and Development Conference' at the end of June.
Otherwise I have to work at a business department office as an assistant from the beginning of Aguest.
I always want to buy T-shirts, Jeans, Skirts, cosmetics, haribands, accessories, rings, earings, bracelets, shoes, hats, bags, fancy stationery, interior stuff and CDs.
Insead of buying something, I buy some fresh food and Ice-cream.
I can try all the shoes, clothes, hats, accessories and jakect on.
Actually, I could have a chance to ask her about music, her favorite artist and her hobby.
Likewise, there were no discounts avalaible.
Because of all these inconvenients, I ask you for a total refund.
So when Caroline, his girlfriend, told him something personal and very important, because she trusted in him, immediatly he went to see one of his friends to tell him the secret.
So immediatly she went to Pat, angry, in order to argue with him, saying that she was annoyed by the way he behaved, and that it wasn't the first time that he wasn't capable of keeping a secret.
But after I climbed two steps more, my right foot slipped. I nearly fell, but luckly my hand caught a rock. It was dangerous, but I didn't have any choice. Finally I did it.
I think it was definitely not the perfect evening garenteed in your advertisement.
I was terribly ennoyed!
I am always joinable on my mobile phone, which is also boring sometimes!
I often go on the Internet to find information when studying a particular subject more accutely (university technology sites).
At work my particular job involves two standard PCs with specifical software plus one workstation with the Stanford University Network (SUN) operating system and a special computer that my firm is now developing.
I hope this matter will recieve your prompt attention.
For example, if you were hurt seriously like cutting your leg off, the new medical technology could rebuilit part of your body.
Also we should be careful as we could be watched by security carmera which have been combined with mordern technology.
In conculsion, I conciderly said we has been charged by morder technology in two ways.
I am not very good at painting, but I choose it because it is a good oportunity to do it.
I don't want to dissapoint you, but I am beginner!
In this book, Heathcliff as a child wasn't a bad character, but the situations he lived through with the Earnshaw family, where he grew up, made him rude, agresive and noisy.
Before Heathcliff died he riched what he wanted.
In your letter you ask me to choose beetween tents or log cabins. Well I prefer to stay in a log cabin.
It is more confortable and I am afraid of wild animals.
The other activity I like very muche is swimming.
First we had to prapare the stands with food and drink and buy something which had been forgotten.
He is very beatiful!
Fortunatly we had no problem.
I was very proude of myself and the work I had done.
Modern technology has completly changed my daily life, which has become more comfortable, and easier.
Thank you for the exellent programme you have organised for our class.
We would like to inform you that we are all extremly interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because entrance is free for studends.
We would like to ask if we could go to this show on the 15th March instide of doing the visit to the Science Museum.
Who has never dreamed of being a famous singer, sportman, actor or a politician?
Firstly, this is because there are a lot of scandale magazine readers.
What a catestrophee!
A desaster!
Also, I used to assist my brother, who is a profecional photographer.
When I read the advertisment for the show I was really excited but after the show I was not very happy because of the following problems.
The advertisment says that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play but in this show there were totally different actors and that was really disappointing because I was looking forward to them.
The advertisment also says that there are discounts available but this is not true, there were none.
Why do you give this information in an advertisment?
I have only one question about the baby's accomodation.
So, you won't believe me, but I enjoed helping at an Oasis concert.
Me and my friend were there to hear the sound-check, and when I understood what was happing on the stage, I decided to help them.
Of course you know I'm a singer, so I came back quigky to my home, I picked up my microphone, and I handed it to the singer.
Can you immagine?
I will consider taking this complaint to court if I do not receive an acceptable explaination from the theatre.
On the other hand, people in the future will propably wear clothes to protect themselves from the polluted air and water, the harmful ultra-violet rays from the sun and all the dangerous and poisonous gases or chemicals which are the product of a developed and full-grown country.
Therefore, I will suggest that we all nov to keep the enviroment clean and healthy for the next generation.
When I first heard about Over the Rainbow I was very excited about the idea of seeing it, plus when I heard about the extras that the circle theatre was offering, it became the best oportunity I ever had to attend a musical of that type, but instead of being the best evening I ever had, it was a total disaster and that's the reason why I am writting to you.
First, the actors that the Circle theatre publis on their tickets for Over the Rainbow were not there, which was very disappointing because the actors starring in the musical were one of its major attractions.
Another point that I want to complain about is the time that the musical was supposed to start (19:30) but it started at 20:15, so there was major unsatisfaction with that, but the last and worst thing was that your theatre restaurant was closed because the British health institute considered your food unhealthy, and I am not taking into consideration many other points like unsatisfactory service, and uncomfortable seats.
Science and Technology is a theme very much discussed nowdays, most of the comunity of our city, and of the world, where technology has arrived, confirms that it has in some way improved their way of life.
But not everything about technology and computers is good, because many people, and me in a control way, have become computers 'and thechnologic's slaves, and we cannot do anything without a machine, and I am not saying that it's wrong or bad, and I accept that they make our daily tasks easier, but we have to mantain our independence as humans.
First of all, there are quite a lot of advantages to shopping, which are that it can be the solvation to our stress and boredom.
Also shopping makes people happier by costing a lot of money and it even influences the economic situation more flexably.
Also there are plenty of dangers since lots of people have their wallet stollen because it is a public place and there are too many people.
In addition, shop owners often cheat their customers by increasing the cost secreatly.
I'm realy pleased I won your competition!
I'll give you the nessesserly information about me.
The most suitable time for me is Jule because in August I intend to go to the countryside, where I have a small farm.
You ofer me a lot of activities.
It was absolutlly great!
I gave information about correct ways to other places like tooletes and medical points.
I looked very carefully at the organisation of the event, you know I'm interestsing in it.
I was so suprise to hear from you.
I was really greatful when I recieved your letter which informed me that I have won first prize in your competition.
Personily I prefer to stay in log cabins because they are much more comfortable than tents.
Unfortunetley I am not good at either of them.
I really hate it, because we're not allowed to wear casual and fashonable clothes, colourful shoes or colourful socks.
I am very excited and looking forward to the new experiance I am going to have.
I would prefer to stay in tents because I love the atmosephere of camping, but I wouldn't mind staying in log cabins.
It is based on information made availble by students from each class at school.
It seemed to be the most interesting lesson, because students always make some mistakes while they are practising with thier partner, in spite of having been told by the teacher ten times.
Spending time together out of the class is a nice experiance.
Firstly, I should say that I would like to travel in July because that is the month wich I could most likely have off from work to go on holiday.
That is because, I do not want to seem fuzy, but I like to have some luxuries when I am going on holiday and I think slepping on the floor without electricity may annoy me.
Conversely, painting is an activity wich I have never tryied before, so I have not any skill in drawing but I would like to start doing that now when I have the chance.
On the other hand, I would like to know some imformation wich could be useful on my holiday like: what type of clothes would be more suitable for me in the Camp?
I am writting to tell you about my experience at the pop concert last month, where I was helping my friend Nick, who was the bouncer at the venue.
My job was to accomodate to the people of the main sit of the theathre.
So, I hope to see you soon to show you all my phothos.
I think it was very clever of me to record that moment wich I will never ever forget, and that was the thing that I liked most about that experience.
I'm writting to you to make a complaint about your musical show: "Over the Rainbow"... Last week, I, my husband and our two children went to your theatre to have a good time, but we were so disappointed.
Moreover, there weren't any discounts available like writting in your advertisement.
I will always say thank you very much to the inventor who has invented the maschines wich do the washing and the washing-up, before this, women spent a long time doing these tasks.
I am writing to give you futher information about me which you need for Camp California.
In conclusion shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too buzy.
1. Grammer, which is the basis of learning English.
Speaking: it makes you more confident when you talk with other peoper.
It lets you get more pratices.
Writing. This class techer you how to organise what you want to write.
It is important to pratise your English after lessons.
If you have a problem studing, try asking the teachers about which is the best way to study.
Yours sincerly
I am writing in reply to your letter in wich you told me I won the first prize.
So I want you to send me some money back for that unpleasent night.
The headmaster wanted to tell the police what we had done so we decided to imprison him in a little house we had twenty kilometers away from the village until we could change his mind.
We took some photos of him naked and told him not to tell anybody about this because if he does we will hang the photos all arround the village.
In the following edition the headline was: "Why does a teenager sleep with a toy called Max?" Everybody laughted at her.
I would like to travel only in July because I will have some hollydays at that time.
3 When you are ready to shopp, sometimes you know beforehand what is your priority, because probaly you need one thing rather than another.
But the best thing that we do, when we go shopp is spend time having lunch at a snack bar, watching movies and playing computer games.
Last month, I worked as a roadie at a Rolling Stones pop concert. I was responsable for the sound.
Some people when they are tired relax by spleeping, reading a book or watching television, but not me.
There are always, at the end of the afternoon, some well-dressed women coming from their offices and they just spend one hour in the shop whithout buying anything.
However, it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable, for example before Christmas or during some special salles.
Secontly, the show began fourty-five minutes late and nobody told me what had happened.
I preferred riding a motorbike with the people who studyied with me in the Institute.
You have a chance to meet people and now you have an opportunaty to select good friends.
I like Danny Brook as an actor and when I read that he would be starring, I booked the ticket imagetly.
I belong to the generation who have grown up with a lot of new technolgy.
For example, TV, telephone, micrown etc.
I tought I would never need a mobile phone, but my mum and dad gave me one for Christmas last year and now I can't live without it!
But the invention that I'm most thankful for is the computor and the Internet!
So, I start every day by swiching on my mobile phone, to see if there are any more SMS messages before I go to the library to check my e-mail and that's just the beginning of the day...
Second, I would rather stay in a log cabin, because I tend to get very nervous in small closed places, so a tent would be unapropriate for me.
I haven't played golf for a long time, so it will be pleasent to do so.
Yours sincerately,
The fans started shouting and wistling for the show to begin, while I just stood there trying to see what had happened.
When we saw your advertisment for the musical show, over the rainbow, we immediatly decided that this would be a perfect evening out.
Thirdly, in your advertisment it said that discounts would be available, but they were not.
I am therefore asking for compensation for our disappointing evening and hope we can reach a sollution as soon as possible.
I really like Pat, she's funny, has a good sence of humor and like me she loves to discuss everything.
I have recived your exciting letter, informing me that I have won two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
I much prefer sleeping in tents. It seems more sociable and realy sounds like holydays.
So one week befor the concert I went to "L'Arena" to meet the other worker and receive the instructions.
I've had the hounour of helping their sound engeineer and branching the cables for microphones, ggitares etc.
We realy started to work like ants the morning befor the show.
It was exciting looking at all three men working together and building a stage, and it was interresting to help the sound engineer to check the sound and configure his computers to get the best sound possible.
About two hours befor the beginning of the show, we met the band and recieved tickets to go backstage. That was wonderful, maybe better than the concert itself!
That's a great experienc!
Apart from this, photography is one of my favorite hobbies and I usually spend nearly all my spare time doing it and of course I have some diplomas as well.
I would like to request some information about accommodation and if you could specifie what this trip includes, since I need to know how much money I have to take.
I feel that this was a good oportunity for me, not only for my professional but also for my personal life.
According to my job, I had to help the teams with the outlights and, of course, it was my first proffesional experience: in the end I felt like one of them, because they were so kind to me, and I could help a lot and I learnt a lot with this project.
I prefer that kind of accomodation because I can have a kitchen or even a bathroom there, but I can't have it in a tent.
These are my favorite because they have a lot to do with water, but I like them more than surfing.
I agree with this statement especially when we talk about small shops in the center of a big town.
These days people prefere shopping at supermarkets rather than at shops or even shopping centres, because shopping at a shop is less enjoyable and you spend the same amount of money.
There were 963 people at the "Armaggedon" that night!
You must show a great sence of responsibility.
I'm sure you are jalous now.
Now I am studying and I'll continue my studies untill the end of June.
I think it's a very usefull and helpful thing for my health, especially when I do it with pleasure.
The second of my favorit sports is tennis.
I've played tennis for ten years. I'm a profesional and I have to be good at it, in any time.
The most enjoable thing was to dress people.
But when we saw our show and heard how loudly the audience claped them we were proud and understood that we spent a good time. You should try it and see.
I would like to stay in a tent because I used to go camping at weekends but if there's any problem I could be very confortable in a log cabin too.
I have never tried either of them before and as a result I can't be good at them but I've always wanted to sail because I love the sea and now I have the opportunitie.
If you don't mind I would like to know what kind of clothes are apropriate for the camp and for the Californian weather.
First of all, we usually go to the shops at the same time as the rest of the world and that's a little bit complicated because the shops are full and it's impossible to try acurately.
I would be greatful if you could send me the full details.
In the following paragraps I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of shopping.
In a suppermarket, shop or department store they have many things.
It is very convenien.
Sometimes, there are so many people and they are not friendly at all or you are in a hurry while you are in a long queu.
Most people enjoy shopping because it is more convenien today but if you found a busy place for shopping or it was not as good as you expected.
Dear Sir or Madam, With reference to your advertisment regarding the musical show "Over the rainbow" I am writing to you with the intention of giving you an impression of our experiences attending the above-mentioned show. We were disappointed to realize that not Danny Brook but a different actor played one of the main characters.
According to your advertisment the play should have started at 19:30.
What made the situation worse is that no explanation for the delay was given; not even an apologation.
A story of an old seaman leaving his town to proove that he is still able to catch the biggest fish ever caught.
Last week I was on holiday in London and I was very dissappointed when I visited your theatre.
First of all, the show was supposed to start at 19.30, but it was delayed untill 20.15, and when the show finally began we were supriced to see that Danny Brook, who was the star of the show, was not playing and someone else had replaced him and he was really disappointing.
Anna told her again: "Pat don't tell anyone please, especially my brother, everything would be ruined then". And Pat answered: "Don't wory I won't tell anyone".
The big secret was that Anna was prearing a suprice party for her brother John and she didn't want anyone to know about it.
It will be a pleasure to give you all the information wich you need.
As far as I know accomodation at Camp California is in tents or log cabins.
It's more convinient for me.
I am a good diffender.
I'd like to know what temperature it will be in July in California and your advice about how much money I will need to have an unforgetable hollydays!
If we decide to buy somthing special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it.
During a prior holiday in London I came across an encouraging advertisment for the show and decided to see it.
Unfortunately, I was very dissappointed to find out that there were no discounts available!
In addition, I was very annoyed by the fact that the event had started at 20:15-not 19:30 as stated in the advertisment.
I've always enjoyed danger and this time getting the password was, indeed, a tough coockie.
Especially now, when 'big-mouth' Pat has spread the news to litterally everyone. I wouldn't be surprised if suddenly something bad happened to me.
Furthermore, for the activities I want to select Tennis and Basketball because I have been playing tennis since I was young and basketball because I played for the team in my college as the capitan.
Anyway, this was my experience working at the concert. If you have an oportunity to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well, OK.
I am writing to you, in reply to the letter I have recently recived, to inform you about some details that I am concerned about.
In your letter you presented the possibility of choosing two activities and I would like to let you know that I would be pleased if I could join in with basketball and climbing, as I am very good at both of them because I played basketball in my secondary scholl as captain of the team and due to my long training sessions lifting weights.
There is, as well, the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself in the crowds, crambled in the small shops during the only day-off you have to buy somthing you like.
All this can easily lead to a nervous breakdown, particularly when you realise that your money has been stolen either during your difficult way through the crowds or while you were qeuing to pay.
I'm the winner of the first prize in your competion and I'm writing to you to give you some information which was requested by you.
And it's creating a lot of adict people, called "shopalcoholics".
I am writting to you because I had a very disappointing evening at the Circle Theatre.
He told me that it was nessary to do something about it.
As Pat was lossing his patience, he decided to talk to him.
I can say that I was very nervious and anxious about what was going to happen.
I am writting this letter to informe you about the decisions I have made regarding your questions.
When I was a child I was affraid of all these little insects that live in the ground and this fear still remains now.
I also think that the log cabin will be much more confortable than the tent.
asketball and swimming are the two activities I have chosen.
Finaly I would like to ask you for some further information about the clothes and the money we will need.
I was only responsable for the property of the back stages.
I was shocked and terrified the firt time I saw them, but the truth is that they are men like us.
They have a very simple life and behavior when they aren't on the stage.
Definetely, it was not my perfect evening at all and under these circumstances I really believe you should give me my money back.
I recived your letter about the two weeks I won at camp California in the U.S.A.
I would like to travel in July because I will have holidays in that mounth.
Yours sincerily
Also, we will take the drinks from our canteen and there will be a group of mucisians for our entertainment.
I was surpised because I did not know what he wanted.
When I went he wanted to tell me that from the next month I would be his personal secratary and my salary would be twice what it was previously.
Unfortunatly, the musical show wasn't much like that the one the advert had described, and that is why I want to ask you for some money back.
Now I have a new computer, which is very easy to use, and confortable for my fingers and also faster.
And he can ansewer me very quickly.
I think it is now the futur of big companies to work with the Internet.
I am writting to inform you of some problems we had.
We had to wait over 40 minitues
It seemed to sink into the sea, but fourtunately, the storm soon went away.
Finally when it started we noticed to our suprisement that it was not the right actor on stage.
Afterwards we wanted to go for a pleasent dinner.
Anyway, we defenately know that they're going to change.
In the paper it was writting that the principal actor is "Danny Brook" but it wasn't him, it was a different actor whom we had never seen, or heard.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, this sentance is very popular in our school.
I helped to guide foreginers who would like to participate in that.
Thank you for your letter. I was so happy to receave such good news that I couldn't believe it.
Regarding the accomodation at Camp California, I prefer to rent a tent, which is going to be more fun, I think, but are the tents singles?
Is there only one teatcher for each sport, and how many are in each group?
It's the place where you can meet your friends, where you can talk freely, and there are no teatchers. It could be a good contrast to the seriousness of the lessons.
Finally we should film the lunch, which is also a moment for the students, and for the teachers, to relax. We mustn't forget to film the staff room because if a school is made of students, it's also made of teatchers.
I would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the competiton for two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
First I want to thank you for all the congratulations, and I'll try to answer all your questions about, for instance, travel and accomodation. I have to tell you that it is only possible for me to go on holiday in July because my father is very ill and it is only possible for my sister to take care of him in July (because her small children are in summer school at that time.
I was so happy and suprised that first I could not really believe it.
Secondly, regarding the accomodation, I would say I prefer living in a tent rather than in a log cabin because I used to sleep in a tent when I was staying in a local scout camp in my country.
Thirdly, I have choosen Sailing and Photography from the list you gave me because both of them are my favorite hobbies and I have been enjoying Sailing and Photography for several years so I am quite good at both of them.
Finally, I would like to ask you whether I have to prepare any speacial clothes for camping or will the camp provide them for me.
A group of girls can stay in a shopping center forever.
Thank you for your letter and I am very pleased that I won the first prize in your compition.
In addition to all this, I would appriciate it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much I shall be paid for the trip.
Another reason is that it will be more useful for forigen students who want to speak English.
The number of forigen students has recently been increasing.
To sum up, it is recommened that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed.
First of all I would like to thank you for giving me the oportunity to travel.
You asked me some questions about the day that suits me the best to depart, the accomodation I would like to have and so on.
Travelling in July, I have to say, would be perfect for me because my birthday is on the 24th of that month and I wish to spend my birtday in the best way possible, so that means there.
I also would prefer to sleep in tents, which are more comfortable, and, because I have been doing lots of camping, I am quite used to this kind of accomodation.
The activities I have choosen both represent a pation for me.
We are writting to you to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow", which we saw last week in your Theatre.
The advertisement said that it starts at 19.30, but it actually started at 20:15 due to a probleme with the sound.
We were also surprised to discover that the student discounts weren't available for us, because they didn't accept our student indentity cards from Switzerland.
What is the effect it has on your environement?
The major probleme for the industrial cities is to deal with the bad effects of polution on the environement.
A lot of money is involved in research to stop the increase in levels of polution.
To sum up, all the improvements come at a price: the condition of the environement.
When it was time to take the final exam, she became ill and she couldn't do it so the teachers decided to allow her to pass the course because she had a lot of good marks, but on the other hand the principal desagreeded and didn't give permision to pass her.
She had to repeat that course and all her friends passed and as is usuall the girls from the last course became popular.
Pat, to win her new classemates 'friendship, told everything that she knew about her friends and, because of what Pat said, her friends ended their friendship with Pat because their popularity was damaged.
And it is even more difficul to predict what clothes in the future will look like.
I saw the performance and it was not as it was described in the advertisent I read in the local newspaper.
Then, I was planning to buy three £ 20 tickets because it was mentioned in the advertisement that there were dicounts available but that was not true, so I could just buy two tickets and my son could not see the show.
Finally, I was thinking of having dinner in the threatre restaurant after the show but it was closed due to some problems with the employees.
What was suposed to be a perfect and enjoyable evening, resulted in a very disappointing time.
So I would be greatful if you paid for a full refund of the money I spent on the tickets.
Computers, radio, CDs, sattelite television and a lot of other things have changed my daily life.
Another advatage is that, for example, sattelite television, which is an example of modern technology, keeps me informed about what is happening in the whole world.
After considering your accomodation offers, I'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible.
It would not only emphasize the sharp contrast between this and the classroom atmosphear but also show how they are as young people.
On top of everyting, the restaurant which was advertised in the advertisement was closed because it was being arranged.
You can imagine how dissappointed I felt after that evening, and I am writing to ask you for a refund of part of the money.
But, in other things, I think modern technology hasn't changed my way of life too much: I do more or less the same as I did some years ago: I get up in the morning, go to school, have lunch, study and go out with my friends without being afected by microchips or nuclear energy.
I have happily received your reply and I want to thank you for this marvelous prize you have given me.
After helping to do that and many other things, my friends and I watched the concert and before Green day (the group) left, they came up to us an thanked us for all the hard work we did, and shoke our hands.
It started at 20:15 leaving us waiting for fourty five minutes.
In the future people will wear clothes made of polyseer and nylon because cotton and wool will be rare and expensive.
Also I think clothes will have many gadgets on them like a small oxygen mask in case someone goes in a place with extended pollution-I think there will be many such places in a hundred years-and a hat designed to protect people from the strong sunrays of the sun at midday because the ozone layer will be destroyed in a hundred years and the sunrays will do damage to the human skin.
Now, it is already possible to send our shopping list by computer, and this opption, in the next few years, will become the most common one.
The new technologies will probably produce a considerable revolution in some essencial parts of the house.
For example, we will have computerizated ovens, microwaves and freezers, or we will probably have central heating controlled through the Internet from our office.
Firstly, log cabins are more comportable than tents.
Is there a possibility of exchanging different currancies to US dollars?
When you think of shopping, it reminds you of going out (mostly) with friends, looking for new things like clothes, accesoires etc. and buying them.
Then in the adverstisement it said that the performance began at 19.30.
I was very nervious.
So this evening was terriable.
And now I requere my money back.
Among them, the mobile telephone, computers, telefaxes, different appliances for the kitchen, mashiens which help housekeepers to do any work about the house.
So with the appearance of new morden technology people have got much more free time.
Some years ago people, especially students, had to run to lubraries in order to find a book about something.
I use the Internet very often, and I must say it is very convienient.
If I need to say something important to my parents or my friends, or if something terriable has happened to me, I do not have to run somewhere to find a telephone box.
With it people do their work more quikly and successfully.
I saw an advertisement which made it seem very atractive to me.
Firstable, I decided to go see your show to be entertained by the performance of Danny Brook so I was very sad to find another actor on the stage.
It's enbelievable it was 45 minutes late.
We stayed with a host family in a surburb of the city.
The man said it was OK this time and we got in quite easely, we'd made it.
I'm excited to be going on holliday there and, thanks to you, I will realize a dream that I always wanted to do.
Yours faitully
On Monday we could first go to the Sience Museum and in the afternoon to Greenwich.
Everone knows you because of the journalists, so you can't just ignore them, can you?
I am writing to you because of the unpleasent evening I have had recently.
Ealyer I had seen an advertisement for the show but the information on it was fals.
The last thing is that it was unpossible to go to the theatre restaurant because it was closed.
I would like to write about how it has influented my daily life.
I am a student at a technical univercity.
When I neaded some information I had to go to the liblary to find it in books or newspapers.
The computer is helpfull when I want to contact somebody very fast.
The second thing is that when I neaded a phone card to call somebody I had to stand in a long queue.
Although we would like to visit the science museum, we can leave it to the next opportunity. What we suggest doing is intead of going to the museum in the morning we go to the Leisure Show and keep the afternoon programme the same.
I knew I could not make any moviment for my safety but I did and to my surprise it ran away.
Since I am a student I have to follow the vacation programm of my school, which means that I would only be able to travel during the month of July.
Concerning the activities, as a matter of fact tennis is my favorit sport and I am very keen on it. For the second activity I would like to enroll in surfing, because my husband, who is already a proficient surfer, keeps telling me about the excitement of this sport, and I think it is worthwile trying, therefore I'd love to be in the beginners 'group.
It offers a wide choice of courses from cooking, computing, make-up, languages, geographie, to culture and civilization.
Once students have taken a shower after hard physical training they enter real life. Depending on their levels of proficiency, they have to study for instance languages wich I personally find very important for a person working in the tourism industry because they enable staff to communicate with clients in a proper way. Students have to manage to speak at least three languages.
Another important lesson to film is "culture and civilization," so people will know that the hostessess trained at this school are not simply, as the French say, "pot-au-fleurs", beautiful faces, but also well-read people.
Last but not least is the class called "know-how", wich shows students how to cope with unspected problems even if they are stressed.
To whome it may concern,
Firstly, the advertisement said that Danny Brook was going to starr in the musical but it turned out to be a completely different person, which was very disappointing.
Secondly, according to the advertisment, the musical was supprsed to start at 19.30 but it actually started at 20.15, which caused me problems.
With all the dissatisfuction above, therefore, I would like to ask for some of my money back as my evening was not what it should have been.
She saw some familier faces on the other side of the street.
And if it is possible, I would rather be accommadated in log cabins because I would not like to share the bathroom facilities with someone who I do not know well.
I am in the school swimming team and I am intered in photography professionally.
Could you please tell me what kind of clothes I should bring with me and whether the company offers us some expensise money to spend?
And what's more, there weren't any discouts available and the theatre restaurant was closed: the only people who could enter were the actors and the staff.
Well, it seems that it wasn't my perfect evening and for all these reasons I demand to have my money back, I wasted £ 20 to see a show which doesn't respect the programm I paid for.
Science and technology can be useful: see for example the use of TV in the school or the use of the radio to learn a foreign language or the use of the computer to get further information about something that intersts you.
Again we're so sorry that we are causing you inconvience regarding your plan and thank you for considering us.
But we could have everying we want.
Home might be a mixture with moden styles and a natural appearance as well.
These days a lot of contries have been worried about lands that can't have enough space to build houses.
Because we are living a computerlised life, we'll able to do most things at home or these flats'll have these places as well.
On the other hand, what migh still be the same is to have good places to take a rest at home, such as a beautiful garden, a small terrace.
Last week I went to the Circle theatre, for which you are responsable, to se the musical show "Over the Rainbow".
I think modern technology has changed mankind's life a lot, expecially since last century.
The changements brought by modern technology are so important that today no one can live without this technology or without a part of it.
In my situation for example cars and motorcycles are a necessity: I live on a little mountain at 160 metres altitud so I cannot go to the city using a bycicle. Because of my "isolation" the telephone is very important and I need a good personal computer with a modem and the Internet to study or do research, because there are not any book shops to buy or borrow books in my little town.
Only those who get good marks can take part in theese activities, so sports activities are seen as a prize, so while the students are playing basketball, tennis, volleyball... or they are swimming you can see satisfaction on their faces, and our volleyball team is excellent.
Be carefull, my own technology can kill me.
The only convinient time to travel is in July.
This part had to be saved for later because the concert orginazer wanted to know the exact number of visitors.
Here, I had to check the bags and couts of the girls.
I think it's because the last time I travelled (with my friends), we stayed in log cabins, and when I was sleeping I felt something moving on my skin, then I woke up frightened and when I openned my eyes, I saw lots of big ants!
Greatefully
I met all the staff, and Ricky took lots of fotographs with me and gave me an autographied Record.
I am also writting to make a suggestion and to give you my opinion about next year's festival.
An internation arts festival is a great idea, but at the last die there were stars and artists from only six countries, and it could be more interesting to have the opportunity to meet artists and stars from more than six cultures.
I could not listen to one of my favorite classical concerts, "La Moldava" by Smetana.
In Italy there aren't a lot of rules at school and they aren't very stricht.
I am writing to you in order to describe my last visit to your theater.
Unfortunatly, I am very disappointed about the organisation of your company.
Firsty, the musical show started not at 7.30 p.m. but 45 minutes later.
I don't know whether it is a typical situation in the Circle Theatrer that it promises much more then the people can get for their money, or whether it was on June 7 (my visit) only, but I do not approve of such a situation and must ask you for my money back-my bank account number is enclosed.
Because people have fast and comfortable cars, they are much more mobil and can spend their free time more aktiv-they can often visit their friends and travel much more.
Secondely, we can do our jobs today more efficiently.
I found your advertisement in the tourist board officis and as the musical "Over the rainbow" seemed to be a good option I chose it.
Lyter a long time walking we decided to return and now the weather was so hot we decided to find a place to drink something.
I'm really very unlucked.
However, we saw an advertisment for "The London Fashion and Leisure Show" and we would all like to go and see it.
We could immediatly see that it was broken.
All syntetic material will be uncomfortable for these people.
Women will prefere long skirts and short blouses and jackets.
Men will wear as usualy-a suit.
For special ocassions, for example a party, a concert, people will dress very smartly. I think that it will be dresses, and suits swewed by the well-known tailors.
I think that we will observe a few slow changes in fashion, but I hope that new clothes will always be pleasent for people.
As we have seen the advertisment for the programme the school arranged for us as a farewell activity, we are very appreciative and would like to thank you for your kindness, as all of them are very interesting and give us a chance to meet and join the other class, which we have hardly done at all.
So this is a great oppotunity for us to get used to the real world of fashion design, because in this show there will be a fashion show, a demonstation from make-up artists, and a contest for hair stylists.
Furthermore, most of the famouse brand of sportswear companies will be at this exhibition with their new products for the coming season.
Anyway, intstead of going shopping in the afternoon session, we will attend the show.
We all think the programme is organised well. In particular we're so keen on the idea of going to the National Art Gallery, to see the work of the bigest painters in the world.
I'm writing to you because we saw a great advetisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we really would like to go to see that show.
I think it's a great opportunity, because we will have a chance to se the latest fashion, leisure and sports wear, and also the way to do the perfect make-up and hairstyl.
In my opinion, we can have a great time there, and entrence is free of charge for students, which is very important as well.
We thought that with that beutiful weather the seeside would be just perfect for relaxation, sunbathing and joy.
However, the truth was a little bit diffrent.
The weather had changed suttendly, and there was no more sun, but strong wind and heavy rain.
Despide that we were still thinking optimisticly.
We were thinking is so many other activites to relax and enjoy ourselves then sunbathing on the beach.
The sky went completly black, so at first it was difficult to see where everybody was.
I looked around and I relised a friend of mine was still in the sea, and fighting against the storm, trying to get to the shore.
Everything was looking so dangerous but fortunetly it ended well.
I would like to apologise to you for my controversary opinnion but I feel really disappointed.
I came to London for a short holiday to meet new poeple and to have a taste of English culture.
I'd seen your advertisment which recommended the play 'Over the rainbow' and I liked it very much.
In the advertisment 'DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE' was written. Shall I ask you one question?-Why weren't they available?
Everybody was schocked and I was trying to keep the faith.
Nevertheless, after the show I was very hungry so I went to the theatre restarrant and what did I see?
Finally-you offered a wonderflul evening but I must say that if I had known that it was going to be like that I wouldn't have wasted my time.
I feel entitled to write this letter and I feel the oportunity.
Yours faithfuly
The main adventage is that it provides you with all the information that you need.
Furthermore you can play with the computer, and unfortunetly this fact especially has changed my life.
On the other hand, playing games and using a computer widens my brain so, as you can see, this modern staft has got many advantages and disadvantages.
I saw the advertisement for the International Arts Festival wich is a great idea.
Firstly I want to congratualate you on the festival.
I have a suprise for you.
Shopping is not always enjeyable.
Secondly, you have a lot of choises and you do not know what to buy.
Lastly, there is a recyling problem, which many people do not care about.
In my opinion, small shops and the street markets should be supported. On the other hand, the big supermarkets should think more about the recyling problem, which will be the most important problem in the near future.
Secendly, the show started at 20.15.
I will be gladfull if you will send my money back.
Yours faithfull,
This was the reason whe we were in horrible trouble with the police.
Let's go back to the beginig of this story.
There was a secret place where a robber keept gold stolen from a bank.
We found the solution to this deceperous situation-to say nothing to anybody.
Our class really appreciate your preparing this programme, especially with regard to Monday's atraction.
We are extremaly interested in wisiting London.
In the last edition of 'London's Guide' we saw an advert for 'The London Fasion and Leisure Show', which will be held on Tuesday and it lasts from 10a.m. to 7p.m. The offer mentions the 'latest fasions', which we are incredibly interested in.
Nowedays famous people don't have an easy life.
They are always attacted by naughty journalists, which have a desire to earn big money for writing an extremaly good report or article.
When chosing this style of life they should realise what their life would be like.
On the other hand, their life has no privaty.
Some people may argue, but I think that politicions and film stars belong to the public.
In conclusion, I belive that we have a right to be informed about their lives, providing that journalists respect some important rules.
We think we'll have one free hour befor the River trip.
Regarding accomodation, I would prefer to have a log cabin. It would be better to leave money or anything in without worrying about theft. I've always dreamed about climbing but I have never had the opportunity to try this sport.
I have alredy thought about a change to the programme.
But the worst thing about "London's newest and best musical show", as you called it, was the abscentness of Danny Brook.
The actor wich was "dancing" was horrible.
I want you to give me back my money. I hope that in future you will corect all these mistakes.
That was supposed to be a joke from my "coleagues"!
I enjoyied it and here are some feelings and advice for next year.
They don't fancy going into the crowdy shop.
I recieved your letter congratulating me for having won the first prize in your competition.
I am very greatfull and I want to thank you very much for letting me go on this trip.
They are much more confortable than tents.
Appart from calling them, I also helped build the stage, and took care of the lights.
I can tell you that it was a wonderfull experience.
But Pat, coming back hom, told her mother everything.
The advirtisement I had read did not tally with the performance.
Today it is used practically in all spheres and its influence on people is not unnoticable.
I am writing to tell you that the students of my class have seen an advertisment for the London Fashion And Leisure Show.
I had to become a burgler again and steal jewelry from the jewellers nearby.
As I knew the teknics to break into a place without being noticed, I should not have been afraid but tonight I had to steal the most precious diamond in the country, which was very well protected.
There were laisers all over the place, which I had to be careful of.
I got into the car and gave the jewelry in exchange for my brother, took him and left the place.
The programme offers enjoyment and education, which is esencial for young people.
Secondaly, because we do not have to pay for the tickets.
We have already orgonised our visit in a new programme.
We are looking foraward to hearing from you.
The future is unexpectable and human beings are afriad of dangers, such as tornados or earthquakes.
What we really need in the next millenium is love, that is what will keep all the family together forever.
Life is too short to think about poscesives.
Our houses will change because of new technologe, which may make our lives more comfortable.
What depends on us, is the atmospher we will have in our houses.
The home of the future, for me, is a place of hapinest.
We cannot be aware of future technologe, but we might still have some feelings for each other.
I have swimmed since I was in primary school.
In particular, I liked cleaning the stage, because I could stand on a famouse singer's stage and I could feel his enthusiasm, even though I had to clean it.
I go to the beach almost every weekend to improve my surfing-it is the sport I like best-and I think it would be a nice oportunity to practise surfing too.
There are some things I would like to ask about: the tipe (and quantity) of Clothes I will have to take, and if it is necessary to take some money or any additional stuff (like raincoats).
Since we were kids people have told us stories about two sides in conflit: the good and the bad side.
What was more, it was closed because of refurishing.
When I was a university student, I had to find out some imformation for my homework.
I imagined where other contries are like England.
I am still a student and I saw in the advertisment that there were some discounts available.
The first thing I do every day, when I get up, is to prepare a fantastic cappuccino with my coffe machine.
All day I speak with the majority of my collegues by telephone or e-mail.
If I haven't enough time to cook I prepare my meal using my fantastic microwave hoven.
The home of the Futere
Technology is changing very fast and at the same time as I'm writing my article about the future maybe technologists have made a new owen which co-operates with your refrigerator and has a program to make dinner for you every day without you having to do anything.
What about rooms which can sense your mood and act according to that? If you are tired for example then your stereo might put some relaxing musik on and turn down the light a little bit.
I think that everyone should think not just about the positive side of technologi but also the negative.
First of all, the advertisement I got layed emphasis on Danny Brook's starring in the show, but actually, a disappointing, unknown actor played his part, and I wonder whether he had real skills.
To make matters worse, not only was the restaurant closed, for no appearant reason, but also the discounts that were said to be available were not.
We are all excited about the programm you've prepared for us, especially about visiting the National Art gallery.
We have seen an advertisment for the London Fashion and Leisure Show in a newspaper.
We think it could be a great opportunity for us because we'll see the fashion show might shop for leisure and sports wear and all the girls in our class are intrested in new styles in make-up and hairdressing.
A scintist could discover the 4th dimention and we'd get unlimited space inside the house.
You could tell your wardrobe what clothes you'd like to wear, your hob will cook your favourite meals and your refigerator will send orders to the supermarkets to buy the food.
I AM WRITIN TO YOU IN ORDER TO GIVE A REPLY TO THE KIND LETTER I RECEIVED FROM YOU.
I CANNOT EXPRESS HOW THANFUL I AM FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PRIZE.
I HAVE CHOOSEN THOSE BECAUSE I AM QUITE GOOD AT PLAYING BASKETBALL AND I SING EVERY WEEKEND IN THE CHOIR OF THE LOCAL CHURCH AS WELL.
I HOPE YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ANSWER ALL MY QUARIES.
THANKS FOR THE KIND LETTER YOU SENT ME LAS WEEK.
BUT TO MAKE THE THING BETTER I WAS CHOOSEN TO HELP THE BAND AND THE ORGANISERS OF THE CONCERT.
AS YOU KNOW, I AM A SOUND TECHNICH, SO I HELPED THEM TO SET UP THE SOUND EQUIPMENT AND THE INSTRUMENTS PROPERLY.
I am writting to you in order to get my money back, concerning the musical show: OVER THE RAINBOW.
First of all: the actors who were mentionned in the advert are not the same as the ones on stage.
Or special flying shoes, and maybe you would have a screen on your watch to watch your favorite soap operas.
It could be any day but please let me know nearner the time.
I reciently was in London, staying in my sister's home, and I went to se "Over the Rainbow".
Sorry, but none of this is proffesional, and I am going to make a demand exactly because you don't have that, if you don't give me my money back.
But there was a little problem and it was that my parents didn't let me go to discos alone, so I had to go illegaly, and I decided I would do it.
To sumarize the night, I am going steady with him, and he took me home.
All the truth was then told, and now I am grownded for life.
She defintevely doesn't know how to keep secrets.
I want to know if I can take my celular phone, too.
To Mr. Smith, Circle Theater's manager
We had preparred this quite a long time ago, this trip to the capital and saved a lot of money as well.
When we saw your leaflet that mentionned "London's newest and best musical show", we were so enthusiastic and curious that we immediately bought the tickets.
First of all, I think we should consider the way people are dressing at present to see how it's going to be developped in the future.
In 100 years, it's possible that everyone will developp his own style using all the new materials like plastic, latex, everything possible, as a way to create their own clothes.
Finally, life in France is crasy, this is the tradition.
I am writting to complain because I was really disappointed by your musical show, which is "Over the Rainbow", last week.
First of all, the advertising shown us starring, which is Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. However, when I saw it, the musical starred completely diffarent actors. I was really disappointed about it.
Now then, how was this advertising, it was completely diffarent. I am really disappointed with your musical. I am asking you for my money back, because I didn't enjoy your musical.
I am writting a composition about "How modern technology has changed your daily life". This is our subject.
This modern techonology gets closer between person to another person, get close between worldwide, so that, this modern technology changed our daily life so diffarent.
First of all I would like to travel only in July because I am going to work in Aougust to earn money and after that (from September to June) I go to university as usual.
About accomodation at Camp California, I would rather be in a tent than in a log cabin because in July the weather is really good and when I am in a tent I feel closer to nature.
That show wasn't what it was supposed to be and it is for that reason that I am writting to you.
I am writting to ask for the refund of the £ 55 which I spent on the ticket for that miserable show.
All the time there are more machines helping doctors and nurses with their difficult tascs.
Going shopping is a good thing when you don't know what else to do but it also has many disavantages.
I am writting to complain about the musical show at the Circle Theatre.
By using a car I not only get an easy way to move around, but I also destroy the enviroment.
For instance with the arrival of the Internet, the new digital television and the researchers in medecin, we are discovering how we can change our lives with only the press of a botton, or look for something new by only thinking about it... we realize that the new technology has just begun to advance, and it is likely in a few years we will be very avanced in this way.
In my opinion the new techincs have more advantages than disadvantages. My reasons for saying this are that we can live better, we also have more ways of knowing now to live healthily and how to spend our free time.
As you offer many activities it was hard to choose which ones I want to do, but I dicided to take swimming and photography, because I am very good at swimming and because I am currently attending a photography course in Vienna.
There was always a lot of security stuff around us to make sure everything was OK, because there really were thousends of people.
Edi Vedder even talked to me about their programms!
My golf teacher is my father and I've only played in a practicing centre, but my father and his friends say I have good talent for golf.
Firstly, we should defnitely put the news review lesson in, because we start every morning with that class and it is where we have a lot of discussion.
I think, nextly we can film either the development class or the society class, because in my opinion they are the most interesting classes apart from the FCE class.
Secondly time starts at 19:30 on the leafet but it actually started at 20:15.
Finally it said we could visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was colsed because your excuse of being used at that moment.
It said in the leafet that this would be a perfect evening out, while it was not that at all.
She was so frightened and sad that she had no energry.
Fathermore, no discounts were available.
You have a responsoiblity to the audiences.
These things are very convinience; on the other hand, there are lots of disadvantages.
Unfourtunately it is not so cheap.
I was very serpride when I got the letter from you.
And you need some imformation from me.
I would love to try surfing because it is a very interessting sport and uses a lot of power and enigy so now is the end of the letter.
And I want to know more about the money. Can you give me more imformation about the money that I need to bring whith me?
Now let's start whith shopping at the Beverley Center.
The Beverley Center area is the place that the teenagers like to go shopping at the most.
Because everyone has different thinking like Beverley Centre if you go there every day or every week for shopping you will get very bored because sometimes there are too many people everywhere, like in the resturant and shops.
Because all the smells in the market are awful-there is the smell of the meat and durty water, black and smely water, all over the market street.
We hope to see you at the party and have a wonderfull time together.
It means swimming at the wonderfull beaches, tasting the delicious food and having a wonderful time every day and every night with your friends.
I am writing to complain about the musical, OVER THE RAINBOW, and also about the servic.
Sacondly, in your advertisement I had read "Times 14.30 and 19.30".
I look farward to hearing from you in the very near future, to offer me my money back.
After that a being climed out of the potato.
I could not belive my ears.
The being moved its hand farward and.....
Immediantely after I heard, "And don't forget your homework".
Moreover there will be a demostration of modern make-up and new different, shaking hairstyles.
I look foward to hearing from you in the near future.
The wind was blowing and the heavy rain was drumming agaist our bedroom window.
As a postman, Peter had to deliver letters aroud our little village.
Recently, I had the oportunity to go to your Circle Theatre event.
Unfortunatly I never thought it could be so dissapointing.
The first problem happened at the box office because there were abosolutly no discounts available.
Because of all this, what was supposed to be one of my best nights turned out to be definatly one of the worst.
Techology is always getting better.
And it is responsable for many changes in my life, and I think I wouldn't be able to live without it anymore.
Nowadays, with the Internet it has become easier to do school work and I also like to chat with other people or maybe read the latest news about my favorite football team.
I also recently got a celular phone and I don't know how I lived so long without one-because it helps to solve problems so quickly, it's really amazing.
But for me, the best thing is definatly the microwaver.
There are some of the devices of modern techonologys that most help me but there are some others which are also very important for me.
Lastly, can you please tell me how much money would be appropiet to take?
At the end of the concert, when it was after midnight and everyone had alread left, the group came up to each of us (who helped out) and thanked us personally!
Now I have the opurtuanity so I shall inform you fully.
The oppurnity of being able to help in the concert knocked on my door by chance.
She is a very nice person. I managed to scavange an authograph for you as well, I will put it in the envelope.
I am looking forward to receiving your answer and don't forget that it is a surprice birthday party.
In spide of that fact there are of course many families especialy in small towns who eat lunch all together and then they solve their problem all together.
And the difference is that those children are effectivily when they grow up and want to have a family, they do the same as their parents and have a happy family.
Besides that the most importand thing is that these children have an easy adolescence and they haven't got pshycological problems and they are useful in sociaty.
To sum up, family life is the most important thing for children's phycological world which helps them in their education, job and their marriage in future.
I'M WRITTING THIS LETTER BECAUSE TWO WEEKS AGO I WAS IN LONDON AND I WENT TO THE THEATRE TO SEE YOUR MUSICAL SHOW. AND THROUGH SEEING IT MY FAMILY HAD A VERY DISAPPOINTING EVENING AND SO DID I. YOU CAN READ BELOW MY POINT OF VIEW REGARDING THIS.
FIRST OF ALL, WE COULDN'T SEE THE FAMOUS ACTOR "DANNY BROOK" BECAUS HE WAS ILL. I THINK THAT THE MUSICAL SHOW SHOULD HAVE BEEN CANCELLED FOR THIS ALONE.
NOWDAYS THE MAJORITY OF PEOPLE HAVE A COMPUTER IN THEIR HOME AND SOMETIMES WE ASK OURSELVES IF MODERN TECHNOLOGY WILL CHANGE OUR DAILY LIFE.
About accomodation I would prefer a cabin, because I suffer from alergic, and I think a tent would not be very suitable for my health.
I won last summer's swimming competition in the school. Although I'm not very good at surfing I like it, and I always practis on my holidays every year.
I would like to know if it is necesary for me to bring some money, and if we will have time to visit the City. About the clothes, do I have to bring some winter clothes?
I'm very greatful to hear from you.
You asked me to tell you about my experience helping at the concencert last week.
I was asked to put all the chairs in order for the singer. This was only in the beginning. After that I needed to check all the microfons.
After that all the singers arrived and I was in charche of greeting them and giving them something to drink.
You can immagine how excited I was, especially because I always wanted some photographs of them and this was a special moment and I realice I hadn't brought my camera. I was very sad.
Actually this was because most things I saw were differend from what the advertisement said.
Unfortunatly, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
One day, we went to a party, where she met some of the most pobular girls in the school.
Afterwards, when I saw her, she laught at me and the next day all the school knew everything about me.
I would like to have accomodation in a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent.
So as we can see-shopping is not always enjoable.
About the accomodations, I would rather stay in a log cabin.
For weeks I'd been planning to go to the threatre with some close relatives and friends but the problems that we had made this perfect night a disaster for all of us.
To begin with, in your advertisment you say that Danny Brooks will be starring in the show but instead there was a different actor, which made us very disappointed.
Another thing that is said in the advertisment is that the evening show will start at 7:30 but there was a forty-five minute delay. The crowd got really upset and we were going to leave at the first chanse we got.
If you don't do as I say, an article in the biggest newspaper will deffenetly change your ming.
This is something that has trabled many people, especially those who work in the fashion industry.
Fashion has made great progress since the ealary days.
In the early 90s it was in fashing for women to wear only skirts.
Nowdays women wear really short skirts, short t-shirts, short tops, and cut their hair short just like men.
Boys pearce their bodies just like girls do and vice versa.
People will wear all those clothes that expensive designers designe but no one wears.
I took the dissision to write to you because I would like to complaine about your theatre.
I am writing to you because last night I expected to have a wonderful evening and unfortunatly I was very disappointed.
I and some friends disided to go to the theatre to see a musical show.
We were so excitment.
We are on holiday and we desited to go.
We had never been to a musical show and we thought that it was a nowe oportunite.
I believe that some ather actors mabe made the whole story more interesting.
The first was very early, at 2:30, and the ather at 7:30.
We went at 7:30. Finally the musical show stard at 8:15.
We wate one hour.
When the show finished, we went to the restaurant and it was closed because the people who whork ther don't wark if they don't get their pay first.
I and my friends would be abrisled if you would give us back some of the money we paid.
Humans have done many things Throu the years and made many things possible.
Now we are in the 20th centure in which people have been to the moun and discavered medicines for serious illneses. I live in that century too.
I believe that I am like that, I belong to that centure.
I believe modern techonology has changed everyone, especiale now with computers and all the athers machins.
First I want to talk about the combuter.
Before, I used some ather ways to get information or play or comunicate with people.
I can spend so many hours because day by day I discavered new things.
Maby it is not good because you don't have the oportunite to meet people and talk face-to-face. Apart from computers we have the telephone, TV, and gyms.
About the TV. I spend many hours in front of the TV. It helps me to relaxe and spend some hours alone.
Exactly happend and with telephone.
About the gyms, I like them very much. Those places have so many machines that you can eazy lose weight and develop a wonderful body.
Now, in conclution we can see, or I can see, that mapy I am not a very sociaple person but I can do whatever I want and take whatever I want only throu technology.
Firstly, I was disapointed, because the actor Danny Brook did not appear in the show.
I am writting to complain about what it says in the advertisement is not true.
3 You recommended the resturant after the show.
It would be greatful if you considered returning my money as soon as possible.
This is not nomally what people wear every day.
The 2nd F is 'fulfill' wear ever you have in your mom's cupboard.
For example long baggy troossers, which cover your bright brick shoes.
Wherever you go everyone would love you because of your troussers, which would clean away all the rubbish that is on the road.
If I can choose my accomodation, I prefer staying in a tent.
I prefer this accomodation because I think it's easier to meet people when you stay in a tent, near them, than when you stay in a log cabin.
TO ANSWER YOUR NEXT QUESTION, I WOULD RATHER STAY IN A LOG CABIN. THE THING IS, I HAVE A FOBIA ABOUT INSECTS AND MY DOCTOR RECOMENDED THAT I SHOULD SLEEP IN AN ENCLOSED AREA.
I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU IF IT 'S NECESARY TO TAKE MONEY, FOOD AND CLOTHES WITH ME.
NOW THAT THE STUDENTS HAVE GATHERED TOGETHER THIS YEAR TO MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT THE BEST LESSONS AND ACTIVITIES THAT WE HAVE IN SCHOOL, EVERYTHING POSIBLE OF COURSE WITH HELP OF TEACHER MS. WESTBROOK.
IT WOULD BE MY SUGGESTION TO THE PRODUCERS OF THIS VIDEO THAT THEY SHOULD FOUCOSED ON OUR WRITING AND CULTURS LESSONS.
FOR CULTUR LESSONS WE DON'T NEED TO GO SO FAR BACK IN TIME; FOR THE LAST 60 YEARS OUR CULTURE HAS BEEN CHANGING ENORMOUSLY AND WE CAN TALK ABOUT COMPUTERS, WARS, CARS, WEAPONS, ETC....
ALTHOUG LOTS OF PEOPLE DON'T BELIVE IT,
OUR SCHOOL HAS A SPORTING IMAGE. I THINK THE VIDEO WOULD ENCOURGE STUDENTS TO DO SPORTS AND BE GOOD ATHLETS.
I have received a letter from you saing that I have won the first prize in your competition and you need some information from me.
I would like to travel in July because my hollydays are only in that month and the wheather in California is better then.
They liked me so much and invited me to be responsable for the lights and sound.
I told them that I will think about it but I belive I will accept the job.
The most increible part was the laser show.
They were drowing a lot of things in the sky during the concert.
I'm shure that you are going to love it.
About my acommodations at the camp, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it's safer than being in a tent and because you sleep more confortable.
The activities that I would like to do are singing, because my friend told me that I'm good at it, and the other activitie that I would like to do is climbing because I think it is very exciting although I have never tried climbing, because there are no mountains in my city.
I appreciate the opportuniti that you are giving me and I'm very grateful to you guys.
Well on march 11th there was a group here in brazil called "Los Jagoares", they sing pop music. And they are one of my favorites and as you know I have a cousin that works as an organizer for all the bands that would like to have a concert in Brazil and when my cousin knew that my favorite band was coming he called me and asked me if I would like to help them to install the speakers, microphones etc... and I said, "Sure man."
Last Sanday my friends and I saw that advertisement about the play you were supposed to put on.
We waited ther for forty-five minutes for it to start!
We really got bored, like all the other peaple there.
And then delate forty-five minuites to present the show.
That was very disapponted.
My friends and I demand our money bacck very soon.
And please do not be very suprised if you recieve more letters about this.
Pat, my sister and I felt very rensposible.
I didn't beleive him at first.
But I could se that his face was happy and he wasn't telling lies.
I couldn't beleive it. I had not seen him for five years.
How are you? I'm not so well, and that's the reason why I'm writting this letter to you.
Unfortunatly your advertisment said that the show starts at 19:30 but it started 45 minutes later.
Children are not studying as much as they ought to, because they are watching TV, speacing on the phone or even playing computer games.
This is also another cause of heart attacts.
Your advertisement for the musical Over the rainbow said it was London's newest and best musical show. I agree with that because it is a wonderfull show but it said that Danny Brook would be starring in it.
In the advertisment it also said you could visit your restaurant after the show, and that is what I did, but when I got there it was shut for no reason.
Pat couldn't resist and told her brother Jacob. He was quite shocked about the news because he missunderstood.
There, Jacob aproaches him slowly and tells him.
It was all a missunderstanding.
I hope all my wishes are realizeable.
I cannot bear it when somebody says something and then does just the opposit.
It must be our decission whether to stay and eat there, or not.
To cut a long story short, because of everything I have said above, the correct thing for me to do is to ask for my money back, and for you it is just to give it back to me because of all the trouble and disappointings you have made me suffer.
HOW HAS TECHNOLOGY CHANGED OUR DAYLY LIVES?
In our grandparents 'time life was so different that we cannot beleive that this huge change to our daily life happened in only one hundred years or less.
Furthermore, as we all know, daily life nowadays is quite simplier and an example of this is that instead of buying a peice of ice to cool drinks (as our grandparents used to do) we not only have a refrigerator but also a freezer in case you want it faster and colder.
Strange as it seems, we now have all types of machine or especialized technology to make our dayly life more confortable and less stressful.
I am writing to thank you for notifying me about the competition and I would be very grateful to give to you the information that was requiered in your letter.
About the Accommodation, I would like you to take careful consideration of the fact that I am ashmatic, so I would appreciatte it if you could reserve a bed in a log cabin.
If you have this oportunitty one day, you had better buy the ticket to the concert or just watch it on TV but never do something like this just to get a free pass.
If this had been my only disappointment nothing would have happened, but I had to wait stil quarter past eight to watch the show, instead of it beggining at half past seven as you had written in your advertisement.
As a conclution to that horrible evening I decided to visit your theatre restaurant once the show had finished, but what a surprise when I found it closed.
It consisted in having to memorisize a whole book of 250 pages in order to pass a final exam.
On the exam day everybody anwered every question correctly.
Secondly, although the log cabins appeal to me, I would prefer a tent because I think it is more comfortable and atractive.
Nowadays most people are atractted to shopping centers, which are not always enjoyable.
Forthly, that product is too expensive for you and the last problem is you buy too many things but you have not got your own car so you have to carry big boxes by yourself.
First of all, the show was suppossed to start at 19.30, but it started at 20.15.
I am looking foward to hearing from you.
Nowadays, there are more and more people who want to become designers and the competion is increasing.
I always wanted to go and se the USA!
In my opinion, staying in tents is mor exciting than staying in log cabins.
I'm very happy about this because I spent most of my scholl life playing sports, especially basketball.
They mixed up our traditonal music and pop music.
In reply to your letter recieved on the 13th of June, I first would like to say that it is a great pleasure for me to have been chosen.
In fact there would be only one possibility in July because I will finish my exams at the end of that month and beginn vocational trainning the 1st of August.
Then, during the concert, I helped to serve the beers at the bar. I met a lot of interresting people while I was serving drinks.
Everything was very interresting, but what I particularly liked about the experience was the human relations.
I met a lot of different people and they all taught me something new about behaviour or compation.
I prefer to stay in a tent so I go campping every summer and am used to sleeping in tents.
I'm very good at swimming as I have been a member of various swimming clubs since I was 6 and I chose photograthy because I have a new camera and want somebody to teach me how to use it.
Introduction: To support an idea to make a short video about daily life at our school I have spent some time discussing it with other students, and observing and analaising an avrege day in our scholl and have come up with some suggestions.
I think it is a good idea to include a record of one of our big events such as the anual sports turnament or wellcoming evening for new students.
Conclugen: To sum up the above I'd like to suggest not filming anything longer than 1 or 2 minutes and having a nice mixture of places, faces and events.
First of all, on the ticket it says that the actor was Danny Brook and realy he was not.
Then, on the ticket it says that the show starts at 19.30 and, I don't know why, it started at 20:15, very unpolited on your part, and, also, you wasted my time.
The other thing is that on the ticket it apears that discounts were available but when I asked about it, there were none.
I thought you were a good theatre, where people can go and have a good evening alone or with somebody else, but realy I am very disappointed and I want to ask for my money back.
I'll never return because of the bad service you ofer.
Truely.
Considering my whole life I can say that moden technology has changed my daily life in many ways.
It has, in some way, separated the family, making all of us worried about ower own things.
We all work separately, developing individually and forgoten we have to all talk together to know about each other's life.
First of all, we went to the theather to pick up our tickets.
We sat in our seats and waited for the show but it didn't start on time, it started at 20.15 which was a redicoulus time.
They are just wersting time on it.
Both of them I am not as good as you expect, but recently I have been intrested in them.
Howeve, we decided to have the job, because of good money.
Howeve, it was a great job. I haven't hade such a great experience before.
I was very disapointed to find out that most of the things said in the advertisement for the show were not true.
I think it will be a very good experience for me. I'm realy excited about it.
I'd love to come earlier, but I realy can't because this job is very important to me, and I'll need it as work experience for my further studies at University.
I would also appreciate it if you would offer me accomodation in a log cabin, because of some health problems that I have, which do not allow me to sleep outsid on the ground, and to be honest with you, I never liked camping.
At the end I feel very tired and angry, because I have spent the whole morning doing nothing, except for looking at them trying on diferent clothes, and that's not enjoyable at all, in fact it's realy annoying.
To let you arrange the details of your programe, I'm going to give you my answers.
Firstly, I'd like to travel in July because I've already resistered on another summer course which starts at the end of July.
About accomodation, I prefer tents to log cabins.
Actually I've been in an amature photographer's organization for 3 years.
At that time, I took the course which covered all the 4 kinds of strocks.
And please tell me how much money I am supposed to need excluding transport and accomodation.
Concerning the accomodation, I prefer to stay in log cabins, finding them much more comfortable than tents!
Last week during my holiday in London, I found your advertisment in my newspaper.
You stated in your advertisment that he would come on stage, but instead of him someone else turned up.
Luckely I could keep my secret for a couple of days but then it became urgent and I needed someone to talk to.
I'm looking forward to learning how to take care of myself in dangerous situations, such as getting lost in a forest, and I think staying in a tent will be very usefull for that.
This is something I will never ever foget.
I couldn't believe that I had met that superstar who was dancing in front of a crouded soccer stadium.
Unfortunalety my feelings are rather bad.
The advertisement looked pretty interesting and I dicided to go to the theatre to watch this musical show.
The 'theatre' did not even appologize for this change.
Despite my being a student and the advertisement saying that discounts were available, I was refused a half-price ticket, and the explaination 'why' wasn't sufficiant.
Unfortunately it was not, which made me even angier.
Saturday morning I went to the driving center for my first lesson.
The instractur opened the car door and asked me to sit in the driver's seat.
Then I drove very slowly very ofen crossing the white line on the road.
I looked in the mirror and I saw how my friends were lauthing.
Pat appologized to me for not keeping my secrets.
An admiree
I am writing to inform you about the differences between your advertisment and the real show.
Then, as we were told that the show was begginning, the second shock of the evening faced us.
Maria spent all day thinking about who told them that. There were two posibilities: one, her best friend Becca, or her sister Pat.
Obviously, Pat first denied it, but then she accepted that she was wrong, and apologyse to Maria. After that Pat never again talked about anyone without his or her permission.
It is your desicion.
I would like to send you some futher information which you need.
I am greatful that I have the chance to choose the accomodation. I would rather stay in a tent if it's not a problem for you.
I would like to experience a reall camp again.
I would like to thank you onc again for this great opportiunity.
We would like to belive that shopping is the most wonderful part of our life.
When we finally do this, we cannot be confortable because of the crowds.
The answer is that we choose the same street (usually the most popular) and the same time as six hundrets other people.
I am writting to you to give you my opinion about your festival.
To conclude, I was very happy to have a ticket for all events at a reasonally price, because for someone who does not especially like art, it was very attractive.
I am writting to you to answer your question about school rules and what I am (and I am not) allowed to do at home.
In my home, the only things I am not allowed to do are things which might disturbe my familly.
For example, putting the music on too loud when my syster is working.
I believe that it was a great idea to organise such a festivel, connected with art and culture.
What is more, there was a wide vareiety of music. Although the artists were supposed to be from all countries, there were only six nationalities.
However I was really suprised that the entrence fee was so low.
I hope that this will claryfy your questions and doubts.
I'm looking foreward to hearing from you.
I am writting this letter because I am very dissapointed with your musical show.
When we arrived, there were a lot of people, the place was beatiful, all seemed perfect.
After that they changed the principal actor, the one that replaced him was very bad, that made us realy angry.
How has moden technology changed my daily life? I think that technology has changed my life and everybody's life in many ways.
Nowadays, technology is everywhere, all over your house, your school, ofice or any place you can be in a city.
This technology has helped to make my life easier and more exciting, but like everithing it has had some negative aspects.
This technology has helped in many fields, like medicine, entreteinment, work and other things, so it has obviusly changed the lives of many people.
The bad consequences that this could have are unimportan, in comperison with all the good things it has done, so let's not focus on the negative aspects of it.
This is a new era, an era for a new tipe of people, the feuta people
Secondly the time on the leaflet is totaly wrong.
Thirdly the ticket was not discount and after the show I visited the theater restaurant but it was closed because the show started late.
Finaly last night was not a perfect evening.
But when I hear the word future, I have an image of metalic colours so that in my imagination they are wearing metalic or brightly coloured clothes.
I think people will wear clothes which are metalic or bright colourful colour with mixture of history and future fashion style in the future.
Firstly, I must say that I'll be able to have two weeks free only in July, since I have started work and am intitled to have a holiday only in July.
Despite my appriciation of all kinds of sports and activities, I've chosen my favourite ones, which are swimming and tennis.
Another thing I dislike about shopping is some annoying shop assisstants try to sell any product to the "victim" coming through the door.
Our department, which is the sales department, have to make good sales results befor the end of June because of the financial month.
About accomodation, I prefer to stay in log cabins because I don't like to stay in tents which are unconfortable for me.
In Japan, I often play Golf but as you know Japanese weather conditions are not good enough for enjoying playing Golf, but California has good weather, which means sunshine every day, hopefuly.
I am interst in playing tennis very much.
Finaly, I have some questions.
So, my templary job was sound engineer but I was not main engineer.
When I was a university student, I studied sound effects, but I hadn't used effect equepument my whole life because our school doesn't have it.
I used this equepument during the concert, but I was so compricate system.
They taught me paticulaly.
Take care of youself.
Hellow! I am very pleased that I have won the first prize in your competition and I want to tell you that it would be better for me to go to your Camp in July because that month I usually have a rest and now I am thinking about it.
To answer our first question about where I would prefer to sleep, I prefer tents because they are closer to nature and I like sleepping in sleepping bags (= BV bags).
Now let me tell you about my sports preferances.
Yours scinerly
In our school we have a listem of "double lessons".
It means that every day exept Sunday we have four lessons and each of the lessons lasts for an hour and a half and it means a "double lesson".
I think that is more convinient than seven lessons every day and each of the lessons lasts forty-five minutes.
It is convinient, I mean "double" lessons, because you have more time to understand the matherial which is givven out and because you have to prepare only four subjects for "tomorrow" and it is fewer then seven subjects.
On Tuesday we have these lessons: English, Maths, Economics and Phisics.
Not only these subjects are studied by us, but also Latin, Russian, Ukrainian, Biology and Phisical training, but as we study them we understand that they are not so important as our main subjects.
I have always been interesed in arts and festivals.
It was great that you organised the Arts Festival in this city, because people realy need this kind of sochibal activity here.
I spent two days at the International Arts Festival with some of my friends and I must say we were realy delighted, it was a great idea to do that in London.
I hope you will concider my opinions and that my suggestions will be helpful for next year.
When I groue up I'll change all the rules in my life and I'll make my own rules which are not going to be too strict.
(It is a graduate engineering school where we are studying mecanics and energetics.)
That is why we have to single out wich lessons and other activities should be filmed.
Secondly, we should interview the teacher of heat transfert since his lessons are really breathtaking.
On the other hand, we should be interested in the other activities such as sports, wich could appeal to more students in our school.
To make matters worse, we have never had the oppurtunity to see Danny Brook because, instead, there was a different actor!
You wrote so persuately that it would be our "Perfect Evening Out"...
I hope you will agree and share my disappointement.
Sincerly yours,
In fact, winterseason will be rare or will maybe even disappear.
The ice will smellt, the weather will be warmer.
People won't wear warm clothes anymore and they will certenly be sinthetic, because there won't be enough places to cultivite cotton and to let sheep graze.
Our feelings will be transmitted electronical through our clothes to other people.
"The Internet on our body".. I'm shure that is not impossible!
I am writing to you with a request for a change in the scedule of our trip to London.
Unfortunatly I have to suggest a change for the programme for Tuesday the 14th of March.
All of the students-including myself-think of this as a great opportunity that it would be a pitty to miss, especially when students can enter for free.
I've always wanted to taste the freedom that birds have, always been interested in listening to my blood pumpping in my vains, full of adrenaline, to let myself free, to shake from excitement.
The home of the future will be very impersonal and the atmosfear will be cold and very essencial.
I think this tendancy will become more common in the future.
What is important is not their fashion but their knowledge, attitude to everthing including fashion.
I apologise For any incovenience and I am waiting for your reply.
Last week I recived your letter in wich you told me that I won first prize.
I am writting in response to it.
Please, when you recive this letter give me a call so we can arrange everything.
We are going to make a video about daily life at school. The following classes are the ones I recomend filming.
ENGLISH: the classroom is beautifull, and on the same day we do a lot of diferents activities, so it won't be boring watching it because we can have a great time there.
Those three classes are my choises. I hope we can do them and make a very good video about our school.
Finaly, I would like to ask you for £ 20 back as I was not satisfied with your services.
But Pat could not resist the temptention to call the police.
I am not used to sleeping in a tent and I think it might ruen my holiday. I hope it's possible to sleep in a log cabin but if it's not, you can also put me in a tent.
Surfing is my passion. I live near a beach and whenever I have the time I grab my bord and go surfing.
I am realy looking forward to this holiday.
The realy thing was that I had to look after them because without me they would have been lost.
The thing I realy liked was helping the artists and talking to them.
I realy got to know them after the concert.
Mabey next time you can come with me. That would be a lot of fun.
Finaly, I didn't understand why you pushed people to visit your restaurant if you don't open it after the show!
If I want to discuss something with friends or order a Pizza, I can do it as easely as I want, when I want.
A good example is the celular phone. I can contact my family without any problem, I can inform my company if I have an accident in my car.
To sum up, although I think they ought to abondone their lives partly when they entre the world of fame, they should take some action against journalists in order to protect their human rights.
An actor was changed and the pubblic were not informated.
Finally, the theatre resturant was closed for the holiday!
I think modern tecnology is very important in my life.
I also think I am lucky, because I live in a period of tecnologic boom.
In the last fifty years human tecnologies have grown exponensially.
First the conquist of space, then computers, and now the new biotecnologies have changed, and are changing, the face of the world.
In the present day, for ecsample, a lot of people have a personal computer at home, and a very large proportion of those also have the Internet, the new frontier of computer evolution.
If I look back to the past I find that the computer is following the same route as television, the telephon and a lot of other things that now the largest part of the population have at home.
So, in my opinion, new tecnology has changed, is changing and will change my daily life; I hope that afterwards my life will be better.
The whole class and I would like to thank you for the good programm which you have organised for our trip to London.
The reason why I'm writting to you is the class and I have seen an advertisment for the London Fashion and Leisure Show on Tuesday, March 14 from 10.00 am-7.00 p.m.
We all are interested in fashion and hairstyles and it is a great oppurtunity for us because students do not have to pay and we will know what we can buy on our shopping tour.
I would like to suggest to you how the programm could be changed.
Instead of a shopping tour on Tuesday afternoon, we could go to the show and do the shopping on Wedensday afternoon in our free time.
What do you think about this suggesten?
I hope you will unterstand this kind of matter. The class and I are looking forward to hearing from you.
That means for exampel, while you are sitting in the office you are able to controll your home with the computer. You can open and close the windows and switch the light on and off.
Your freezer tells you when you have to buy some milk, eggs or chees.
Or, without leaving the office, you are able to heat the wather for a hot bath.
So in fact people's homes will become more confienence and more comfortable.
I think also housewives will receive more help with a robotor in the home.
As representant of my class may I kindly ask you to partially change your plan for our visit to London?
It would be beutiful if you would agree to change your plan.
It happened on a very lovly day in summer.
I knew I couldn't swimm so I realized it might be dangerous for me as well.
The most important thing was a little boy of about ten years old, who was in the watter without his parents and couldn't swimm.
It was diffucult for me because I am afraid of watter.
He was exhaused and couldn't breathe.
I am a good swimmer and I have some expirience in photography. However, I have a lot to learn.
Actually, the price of the weekend ticket was excellent! I, myself, was expecting a more expensive ticket as there were so many magnificient events.
Well, I hope you found my suggestions reasonable as I deeply congratulate you on the great sucess of the festival.
I would like to stay in a log cabin as I have an allergie to grass.
If you have to go shopping again, because the fridge is empty or you need some new clothes, a lot of time, patience and straingth are needed.
So even if it's nice to have food or new clothes at home, without patience, time and straingth you had better stay at home or try to find the most convenient time for shopping.
2 Desember, 2000
I am writing to suggest a few things that could be changed or added to next year's International Arts Festival, wich in my opinion has been a great idea.
Although I read that stars and artists came frome around the world, I realised that they only came from six countries.
All my family liked the films and the plays that there were very much, but I personaly think that it would be better to add more because there were only five plays and seven films.
The rest of the activities were very interesting for us, we learnt a lot of things and we met a lot of interesting people, and all of this without being expensive. I think that the ticket was exellent for us because of its price.
You know that I'm studing in a difficult school, and as you can imagine you have to work hard and you have to do homework every day.
I have friends that are studing in other schools and they are very happy with their freedom.
It is true, they deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time, however this publicity brings them money, and a confortable life.
They can travel around the world, buy everything, it is a good life, but at the same time, they must be very good peaple, because "Fame" is just for a short time, nothing lasts forever in this world.
I would not really like to be a famous person, because you are not really yourselfh, and for me that is the most important thing.
The first thing that dissapoint me was the star.
but the reastaurant was closed because the show started at 20:15 and finissed at 00.15 and the restaurant was open until 00.00.
After all these problems I became dissappointed.
If you could give me some of my money back that would be a great apology for the waste of time and my dissopointness.
It was about Marine, who was our clase friend.
Marine's real father wanted her back but the other cuples didn't want to give her back because they loved Marine so much.
The cuples couldn't tell the truth to Marine because they were afraid of losing her.
I was greatful to hear I have won first prize in the competition.
That's why I'd like to feel adventurally.
And according to the interviews, the most interesting class is the "upper intermidiate" class.
The point of "upper intermidiate class".
Yesterday morning, I went to the toilet. I overherd two people talking about my son. I felt sorry for myself and I burst into tears. I quickly got out of the toilet.
"Dear" menager of the Circle theatre,
I was getting angry, but, finally, the show started and I became quiter.
In the end, I asked for I money back (and paiment for my orrible night): do you think anybody will give me something back?!
Science and technology characterize our moder society.
Walking on a city street, it's difficult to find parks or "green" places with trees and clean air: actually pollution, traffic and noize are the main problems of our society.
I know I'm a "daughter of this techological world" and unluckly I think I couldn't live without it: it's rather strange that today there's still somebody without a phone, dishwasher, TV... But, sometimes I ask myself if the "ancient world", without science, technological innovations and industries was more authentic than our one.
It sounds very promissing.
I could feel every movement which was caused by clowds or wind.
I'm pleaseant to win the first prize in your competition-two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
I'd like a log cabin for my accomodation, because it's safer and cleaner than a tent and I wouldn't share it with anyone.
We can analize when shopping is enjoyable, and when it is not.
Buying coffins and graveyard plots to bury relatieves is not as enjoyable as buying clothes.
The rules in Poland are quite similar to those discribed in your letter.
I'm a student from St. Petersburg, and I'm studing in a drama acodimy.
My freind& came to London for an excursion.
Danny Brook is my favorit actor& to see him was my dream since my childhood!
It was a suprise when we were told there would be another actor.
Also, we expected to get a discount as students, but international students cards are not valid in your theater (that is very strange-even your advertisment has information about discounts).
So we were late for our supper in the hotel and the theatre restaurant was also closed without any risons given.
In the advertisment it said,, your perfect evening out! ", but it wasn't.
I'm waiting for your anser and hope I can get my money back!
I would call our days days of great technologycal progress.
Industrial weel going faster and faster.
They have more differet functions and forms.
It is very intresting for me how new works, their possiblyties.
My job, I think is a good way to get a profesion in the future.
And I hope to find a realy good job in a good company.
More and more people buy mobile phones, because they are very usefull, you get a lot of possiblyties like: using the Internet, buying different goods, booking tickets, controlling your home technic and many authers.
Mobile communication is a key to sucsess in all professions that we have!
And I think that I made the right choice of profession-it is the perfect combination: a very progressiv form of modern technology, and the most important thing-it is extremly interesting to me!
Regarding the Accomodation at the camp, I would prefer the tents, because it is something different wich you don't do every day!
Finaly I've got a question: What clothes must I bring with me and how much money?
yours faithfuly,
Another thing that makes you fourious is when you see a great shirt in a shop and somebody else takes it away or buys it before you can react.
At that time I was lucky and also, I would like to recommand it to other friends.
But people would like to change the lifestyle in their house because there aren't convenient appliaces in their houses yet.
I'm writting to you to explain the problem that I have had in your theatre.
I recentely had a week's holiday in London, and, during my stay, I went to your theatre to see "Over the Rainbow" because I had seen an advertisement for this show and I was really interrested in seeing it for many reasons, one of the reasons is that I love the star, Danny Brook.
Secondly, in your advertisement the time of the show was 19:30 and in reallity the show started at 20:15 and the discount was not available.
I think you can do a lot more things now than before with techonology.
best reguard.
There are many ways to earn money, especially in a big city, like the one where we are studing all year around.
To be more technical and specific, we need a very flexible job, wich gives us independence and allows us to stop working when we are not able to, for example during the exams period.
As a result I asked my acquintance to come with me to the show.
By the time he got out of the building, the cops were everywhere but as long as Mallory is alive, he won't be arrested, with his unpredicatable mind.
Secondly, we had to wait until 8:00 pm before being able to take a seat and the show finally beginned at 8:15!
At that time, I used to buy a lotery ticket once a week and I sometimes won small amounts.
One day, while I was checking my weekly ticket, I found out that I had five numbers out of six so that I would surely get a substancial amount of money.
I had to wait ten days before the lotery head office would give me the cheque and one week before I could learn how much I had won.
But soon everyone in the class was looking at me smillingly and I found out that I had many unsuspected friends... Not long after, they were asking me to buy a coffee or lunch for them; some proposed going shopping, others going to the cinema and a restaurant.
Finally the end of the week came and I went to the lotery office to find out the amount I had won.
With this letter I would like to ask you if you wuld change it because we saw in the London Advertiser an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show.
The show is on Tuesday, March 14th, from 10.00-19.00 in the Central Exibition Hall.
Yours sincierly,
I knew that my brother was at home, althoug I didn't know where he was.
In fact when I don't feel very happy I decide to go shopping to try to cher myself up.
It is at this moment when really I realiase I am getting fat and it is a horrible feeling.
Another thing is my accommodation. I prefer to have log cabins because it's easyeast for me.
And how much meney I should take?
If you have chilldren, you will know very well that when you are busy doing something and the chilldren see something they want to have, they will do everything they can do to make you buy it for them, sometimes they even cry or shout at you and it is really anoy.
Anyway, in families they usauly have this problem that when they buy a new one, suddenly they have a problem about where the old one is going to be and that is the beginning of an argument between mother and father or parents and chilldren.
Eventually I like shopping too and I beleive everybody likes shopping, but before you buy something think first and you will not have any problems after that and the most important thing is make sure you have enough meney to survive.
Secondly, my choise is the accommodation in tents. I think it could be more interesting. I could enjoy my time with other people playing, eating and talking outside. In my opinion if I choose the log cabin it will be like being at home.
My other choise is painting. I have been painting since I was ten years old. I used to go to special classes and I don't mind if you need me to help in the class.
The most popular "sport" that everyone does is obiously shopping.
Some people think that going shopping can keep you away from depression. You can enjoy your time spending all the money you have, buying clothes, jewells, furniture, etc.
But other people don't think like this. For example, there is a case of a woman who was shopping with her little daughter and without inttetion the girl got lost.
The mother was shocked. She didn't know how to look for her because all the shops and streets were full of people going in and out the places. It was a nightmare but fortunaly the police found her.
Can you imagen being in Japan or China and having to go to the shops?
I don't think that I'd enjoy it, all the people knicking you, you can't walk properly or buy anything. And also there are a lot of cases which show how people can be in shops. I mean that some people can fight to get something.
Dear MANANGER of the theatre
So try to imagine my situation. I had paied a lot of money and I didn't see a good show. I am really disappointed.
Unfortunatety, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Many years ago, more or less seventy years ago a young man, with an exellent capacity for thinking and inventing things, started building a big thing called a "time machine".
The only thing Pat had to do was to choose a date, one he liked, and to press the starter botton, and you know what? He did it!
I am very happy to hear from you that I have won first prize in your competition-twe weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. and I am writing to tell you my information.
Firstly, I will be able to travel only in July because I go to univercity and I normaly spend most of the time working. to do. and I have holiday only in July.
And I choose phtograghy and tennis from the activities list.
I am taking photograghy lessons at univercity and I started tennis when I was 10 so I am good at bouth of them.
From the 10 opitions that I have to choose from I will choose two, climbing, wich I have been doing for three years because I know it by heart, and swimming wich I have also been doing every day as part of my daily rotine in Portugal.
I hope that coming after jully won't disturb Camp California's plans for me.
A survey has been done, and the issue is wich subjects (lessons) and activities the students think are the most enjoyable.
Someone says it is maths-pratical, usefull-but the majority say it is boring, unless you're choosing a job which demands all your maths knowledge such as accounting, otherwise you can use a calculator or a computer.
The majorite have chosen History, which means a big journey around the world, either at the Roman life style, or in the midle ages, when a revolution happened with deaps and new lands.
At all schools there is a similar daily life wich must be filmed. This is an important part of our life, wich is full of emotions in development.
How has mordern technology changed my daily life?
Sometimes, I think I am a computer addict because whenever I come back home, my hand goes to the computer swich, automaticaly, even though I don't want to use the computer.
I recive a paper in which I was told about a play you are putting on and of the advantages I would get if I went to see it. I wish that had never happened.
I am realy desappointed, and I want to have my money back.
First of all, on the sheet I recived, it says that DANNY BROOK was one of the actors. That is not true, because insted of him, there was another actor, and I don't know what his name is.
You must understand that you promised me I'd have a good evening and I realy didn't.
I write this letter to tell you about the programme that starts tomorrow, about that exelent book I have told you to read.
This exelent book tells the story of a man of 25 years that has a little boy, his son, that lives in a very bad condicion.
The book is very easy to read, but if you don't have time I recomended listening to the programme.
Also, that they will invite a psicologist, the Autor of the book and maybe the president will talk so I recommend you listen to it.
I might say that I am really good at swimming and sailling because I have been doing these kinds of activities for five years and I have had a really good training in water sports.
As you know, I'd never been to any activities as a valunteer before.
The concert tickets were very expensive and I'd seen an adversitement on TV.
It said, "Be a valunteer at our concert and get a free ticket."
We have bought some snaks to eat and three students will sing for him, too.
I've just recived your leter, and I must say that I am so surprised. I wasn't expecting to win it.
I am still studing at the moment I will finish at the end of June so I will be able to leave at the beginning of July.
Regarding the acomodation, I would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent so as to get a better rest. I have a problem sleeping and a log cabin will be more peaceful than a tent.
It's quite dificult for me because there are 4 of them I like a lot, wich are climbing, tennis, surfing and photography, but if I have to make a choise, I choose climbing and surfing.
I'm rather experienced at climbing. I have done it once a mounth since I was 17.
But on the other hand, I have never been surfing. I am a complete Beginer but I am dying to do it.
A good idea to start will be an alarm clock ringing close to his bed, because that's the way everyone gets up in the morning (apart from the people who don't do anythink).
After this introduction, it will be time to show some of the acitivities everyone can do at the school, such as lesons or others like the library, our protagonist having a cofe with some coleagues in the cofe bar, the reception service.
First of all, the most favorable time for me to travel is July, because I am in the final year of University, so I have to attend classes for a thesis almost throughout the year apart from July, when I can take a relatively long summer holiday.
Secondly, I would prefer to stay in log cabins to staying in tents, since I have had a horrible experience being attaked by a swarm of midges, when I camped out.
This is based on a questionnair conducted in the school and our English department's investigation.
According to statistics based on the questionnair, the majority of students feel the most enthusiasm for an English class.
In fact, I visited some Englishe classes to find out that most students tried to answer questions and speak to native teachers.
Consequently, it might be a good idea to film the English class so that the vibrant and active atomosphere may be able to be filmed.
The girls 'football team is also famous for its reputation of keeness on practice.
Actually, I can work with it in my office and visitting some website using the new technologies such as the Internet.
The new inventions have transformed my life, so it is easier with modern technology (the mobile, the car, the plane, the coach, the train, the medical advances and domestic appliances), they have created more confortable and pleasure.
In fact, I expect a full refund plus compensation for the dissatisfaction suffured. I trust you will give immediate attention to this letter and I look forward to receiving a satisfactory responce by return of post within a week.
When we think about clothes in the future, we should think about the enviroment first.
Of course, technology will have developped enough for us to invent new material for those kinds of clothes.
So we don't have to worry about how heavey they will be.
Firstly, I expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but I felt very angry when I saw diffrent actors.
What is more, you advertize there were discounts available but there were not.
You said that the musicial show started at 19.30 but recently it began at 20.15.
When I was 16 years old I fell in love with the most hundsom boy in our school.
Everybody started to laught at me.
I'm sorry to tell you that I'm really disappointed with your advertisment for the musical show at the Circle Theatre.
And because of these circumstands, I would like to have a part of my money back.
Faithully,
He said, 'shure, no problem'.
As to accomodation I would like to choose a tent because I am used to travelling with my sleeping bag and my tent all over Europe.
I am very good at basketball, and even if I am not a tall boy, I am a good playmaker and I play in a local team.
I connected wires, I caried loudspeakers, and so on.
Towards the end of the concert I hansled a bottle of wine to Poolo Conte.
As you know he's my favorite singer.
Secondly, the two activities wich I'd like to do during the camp are sailing and surfing.
When you go to a shop it is dificult to find what you are looking for without the help of the shop assistant.
After that you have to wait a long time in the qeue to pay and many times it isn't possible to pay with your credit card and you don't have any money in cash.
You said there would be stars such as Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, whose music is my favourate, but the musicians were actually some other people whose names I had never heard of.
When they finished singing the last song I was surprice when they called me up on the stage and said thank you to me in front of hundreds of people.
I am not goot at either of them.
I haven't writen a letter to you for ages.
I didn't need to pay an enterence fee because I was working there.
Plus, I got an authography from a popular singer. I'll give you the authography as a present.
It is valuable of keeping on your suvinier.
I would offer you one suggestion that concers the classical concerts.
For me, it's very stressfull and I usually run a lot to do it.
In response to your letter that I received last Saturday I am writting to answer your questions.
I usualy sing in my spare time and my friends love it when I sing and regarding swimming I was champion last year in my city.
Are tablets necessary (for headach, insects)?
It is wonderfull how tecnology makes things so easy.
That will be great because teachers are part of our life and they have to receive all our attention and friendship because if it wasn't for them we would never grow and learn how to live our lives more confidents and with lots of good experiences that we will never forget.
The reasonably-piced package, including tickets and accomodations, well suited my personal situation: comfortable rooms that are easy to reach and booked tickets can help you if you decide at the last minute.
-emprove your kindness and ask for work in restaurants or bars. It is a good training period for real life too (being patient with demanding people is required).
-check your wallet and if you have enough money (a very small amount) you can arrange a trip to reach countries like Phili, Cuba, Zambania, and Morocco where people (poorer than you) will offer low wages for ôsmallö jobs.. you might enjoy your summer holidays and ôfind yourselfö
I am keen on singing and I have won sevral singing competitions at school.
When I first entred the concert hall, I was given a pass for working here.
The programme is very exating and interesting, especially the river trip to Greenwich.
This is the arrangement that we fouded with the other students and everyone agreed.
We hadn't enough money to buy food or new clothes and the worst was that my youngerst brother was terribly ill, and without money we couldn't take him to a doctor.
I want to travel only in July becouse now I'm studying at National Academy of Defense and I don't have time for enything else.
I prefer that becouse I will travel with my wife and she always prefers that kind of accommodation.
I tell you in sicryt that I don't know whay she does that.
I like to catch fisch too.
My personal best is 27.66 for fivety meters. I would like to ask you about the weather in California in Julay.
Are there any discoteks or something? I would like to know if my wife can come with me, becouse without her I can't be there.
Everybody gets up at six, and the first thing they do is run for about two thousends five houndred metres.
Then they take a schower and everybody goes for breakfast.
Two times a week I have W-F. This is very important, becouse every soldier schould be strong.
After this competition there was mathematics, and two houers of biology.
I don't like biology, so I sleept on the desk in a classroom.
I think that competitions should be filmed becouse my school is a kind of sports school.
On video there schould be howe we get up.
Houe we run, houe we eat breakfast.
Then you should schow houe ouer school looks from outside.
There schould be an intereview with students and with profesons.
Daily life at my school is not only school and teachers and mathematicas problems.
We must knou how to use a gun, or how to drive a tank.
And, finally, right before the start they announced that Danny Brook woud not be in the show that evening.
After the show I was not surpised at all to learn that the theatre restaurant was closed for redecoration.
Undoubtfully, modern technology has changed my daily life.
And the best word I can use to describe all the changes is "drastical".
Among the greatest inventions of man I come accross dayly are the telephone, computer and automobile.
The computer, probably the must versatile invention, allows me to get access to huge informatonal sources through the Internet, to do shopping without leaving my house, to do my work more effectively and quickly.
People used to wear very diffrent things from the clothes we wear now, we wouldn't even say that they are 'clothes'.
The things that people wear are changing all the time, everyone tries to be diffrent in public and very different sorts of clothes are being created.
I belive they will wear very diffrent things.
By contrast, in the future, I guess we would rather go back to the acient time, owing to have natural life style. We will be unwilling to give housework away.
They are more comfortable and really match with the enveiroment.
Although this is a new experience, I would prefer climbing and Photographe.
The concert was a big success, a lot of excitment.
The students mentionned that it would be very interessting to show the English lesson because some foreign students will probably join our college next year and it is the best way for them to find out about our English course.
Additionally, the advertisement said I could visit the threatre restaurant after the show.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrects.
I told Pat everything even my secrects when we were still friendly.
However, we are not friends anymore because of a secrect in the past.
I told Pat that my father and mother were going to seperate.
Maybe it was the wrong decision to tell her. She began to share that secrect with everybody, including the teachers.
Finally, I decided to go to another school and I will not tell any secrect to anyone.
To begin with, in your letter you asked me when I would like to travell.
Thanking you in advance for your help, I look forward to hearin from you.
Also you can compare the different cultures of all the countries and sometimes there are planned visities to historical places.
In this lesson you can learn how to speak, write and read this foreing language with teachears that are well prepeared.
theater
To sum up, it is a big school where you have a lot of interesting lessons and some optionaly activities to doin your free time.
Regarding accommnodation at Camp California, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because I think it is safier than a tent.
Now, my English teacher has asked me to explane what I think.
In my opinion, nowdays, shopping is very easy and at the same time very hard.
Amazingly, doctors tell people to look after their bodies during Christmas time: shopping can cause you a large variety of undesireble pains.
About the activities that I can do at the camp, I chose to play Basketball, which is my favourite sport, because I want to do some excersise while I am on vacation.
I also chose Fotography because it is one of my hobbies.
I'm writting you a letter, because you are the organiser of an International Arts Festival.
There is only one bad fhing, that this festival was too short.
I've just received this letter from you, so I'm writting to you.
On Sathurday and Sunday we don't have lessons, but it doesn't seem that we don't have work.
I don't have troubbles with my education. My friends and teachers are nice and friendly, but there is one thing I'd like to change in my school.
I'd like to have more tests during the whole course, not only at the end, because it's making me very lasy.
Appart from that, the show was delayed forty-five minutes, consequently, everybody there lost control and became angry.
Finally I would like to inform you that I have never had such an umpleasant evening in my whole life.
The worst was that he did it unconciously.
Later, I realiced it was the worst thing that could happen to me.
I'm writting to express my feeling and opinion about the International Arts Festival which was held a few days ago.
For example, there were some conert halls which were too small to hold so many people, the stars and artists were just from six countries, which is not enough for the audience.
This reminds me of what I experienced during my teeenage years.
We believe that the programme is very cood and well organised and we would like to thank you one more time especially for that.
The exhibition is caud the London Fashion and Leisure Show and it takes place at the Central Exhibition hall, in London, From 10.00 till 19.00.
The class is very excited about that because the Show conteins the latest Fashions, leisure and Sports Wear, make-up and hairstyles.
Of course if you are in the public eye, the reasons why you want privacy are different, because if you are a politician, for exmaple, you fear for your life.
Becaue
As for accomodation I would prefer to stay in tents.
It is amazing and sometimes amuzing how charming and strong the spell of luxurious supermarkets and cosy little shops is.
But I do feel ill at ease when I see dissappointed or angry assistants 'faces on leaving the magic world without any souvenirs of it!
I do appologize about that.
If this is an unconvenience, please feel free to tell me.
Quess what I've done!
The preperation days came.
I had a chance to talk to them about their jobs and it was amuzing!
In particular, going to the Museum and the Art Gallery will be a great oppotunity for all of us, as they are world-famous places in London.
It was okay, beause I was quite good at that, but the problem was that I had to jump onto the roof!
Another point which I think was ennoying was the concert hall.
Yours Sinccerly
Actually not all the schools in Turkey are so strict but unfortunatly the school that I'm going to is like a military camp.
My family allows me almost everything except smoking and drinking alchol of course, which I don't do anyway.
So if it's possible could you arrenge it for me please.
And also, I would prefer the log cabins to the tents, as I have never slept in a sleepin bag before.
All of her funs were stooud up the whole concert and dancing.
Some of the funs were not good at all because they shouted and argued, but most of the people were very good.
I must say though, I would have to travel in July because it's the summer holydays for schools and I would like to spend some of them in California and visit a few friends if that is possible.
A log cabin would be the ideal accomodation. Presumably they are more spacious than tents and it would be easier to keep tidy.
I would like to know how much money people ussually take and how much clothing.
I know it sounds extremely boring and that is exactly what I thought when I was asked to help, but to my suprise it turned out to be much more fun than expected.
Thirsthly, I would prefer to swim and play tennis, because I have been doing this since I was I child, and I think I am very good at each activity.
A few minutes later the show started and the grup appeared on the stage.
Later, when the show had finished, I stayed with the grup in their room for a few minutes.
What I really liked doing was helping them with their clothes and make-up, because I learnt how to do make-up for someone and I spent a few minutes with the most popular grup in the world.
Regarding starting time and the theatre restaurant, to see the musical I had to wait about 45 minuits because it started at 20:15.
I know you are always interested in detictive stories, especially Agatha Christie's. Don't be surprised!
Where the stories are concerned, they will not be difficult to understand because you already know the stories and the naraitors are going to read clearly.
Regarding the accomodation, I would be pleased to stay in a tent, because this reminds me of my holidays with my family.
I just had to take care of them, serving some drinks and food during the rehearshals.
I write to complein about the musical show "Over the Rainbow".
I had a very disapointing evening because of many things.
First the actor was a wery average actor.
Also in the advicement they talk about discount tikets.
Well they didn't accept my £ 20 discount tiket. Why?
And finally I couldn't visit the theater restaurant after the show, it was closed. Why?
Alslo I wanted to tell you that the show was very borring.
It was alwais the saim.
Because of all these things it obiously wasn't the perfect evening as was seid in the advicement.
I had to explain to everybody that I actually didn't have a girlfriend. I explein to them that it was a good posibility, nothing else, but no one belive me, because Pat had told them that I had an actual girlfriend.
This problem with Pat had a lot of consecuences, because I had a very hevy discucion with her about it. It was so heay that one of ower teachers had to calm me down, because I was very angree with her.
Regarding the accomodation, if possible I would like to stay in a tent because I think it is a relaxing place to stay.
And if during the nights there are any entrotenements?
The opposite situation is when I pass my exams and I really need to buy something as a preseant for myself.
It is really intresting.
That is the second day of our trip and it starts at 10.00 in the morning and lasts untill 19.00.
This technologic improvement is changing people's lives, behaviour, even their homes.
But we can't stop these technologic improvements.
We should use them in positif ways.
and we are practicing these things.
In the future life will be more artifitual than it was.
How delighted I was when I receved your letter!
I would like to ask you how much money I need, how the weather is, in order to pack the necessary clothing, and wheter I need anything else.
I am sending you some pictures, the best ones only because there were some quite embarrasing ones.
It wasn't a spokeperson Kim but just asked him a couple of questions behind the stage.
You didn't tell us any detile about how much the ticket costs to go inside.
In my class room somary people stay outside London about 50% in my class room and everyone is verry worried about how they can stay for three days in London.
And we're very exsciting about your programme.
Becauses in London there are a lot of shopping places, can you tell us about shopping and the time For spend or day?
Thank you For any detile more I think we go with you and enjoy a Fantatics programme.
If I tell someting in the college baby someone like or dislike about my story but I think my story it very good for someone.
In my college have got a new student every Monday and very big college around heir. and we have got three buillding and we have got a lot of teachers the teachers have got experied about teaching I think somebody come in my college you fried want to studdy in my college and you want tall anyone for your college you can't tell for something but you know yourself about college you know just you love it and very like it nobody dislike it somebody tall about class rooms it very big and comfortible.
It starts with food (monstruous) and goes on to clothes, pills, games and so on.
A simple and well-proofen architecture.
Every electronic gadget in the futur home will be able to comunicate with other machines or computers.
Regarding the accommodation at the camp, I would prefer a tent. The reason is that I like to live realy naturally and it is more enjoyable to live in a tent than in a cabin.
It was marvelous.
It was hard work for a while but I was so happy to help at a really big pop concert I can't decribe it.
I realy enjoyed that and it was one of the greatest, if not the greatest experience of my life.
The organizer of the tournement spoke with me and asked me if I wanted to do the same work in two months at the Rolling Stones concert Isn't that fantastic!
That's the most suitable accomodation for a camping holiday.
They also gave me a ticket to wotch the concert live.
I was realy happy to be seeing the "Best Musical Show" in London.
By problems I mean that the show started at 20.15 and not at 19:30 or why there were no discounts avaivable?
The most disappointing thing was that there were diffrent actors to those advertised who were not very good at acting.
It wasn't realy a perfect evening as you promised on your flyer.
I was very disapointed and I would like to have my money back.
If you think about the early days, when no cars were on the roads and no one had an opertunity to fly to another country for a holiday, people had to walk or go by horse and ship.
Today, everyone has the opertunity to just get into a car and drive wherever they want to.
This is also a very big disatvantage because many people are losing thier jobs.
Another disadvantage is that everyone becomes a bit more lonely because they wath TV or play or work on the Computer and don't see each other anymore because they don't have to.
We can hardly imagine life without compures, TV sets, microwaves, and so many other things, and yet none of these things existed seventy years ago.
Her parents have been so upset that they have asked the school to help thier child and that is the reason why I'm writing this story.
I have receveid your letter concerning two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
Regarding my accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin because it's more confortable than a tent and less hot with the sun.
However, I hope, there is water and light inside this log cabine.
The salewomen are too busy and haven't a moment to give you advice.
The other one is tennis, which is also my favorite sport and I have been playing for several years.
Lastly, I would like to know how many people are comming to the Camp I will go to.
I sould be grateful if you would send me the further information that I asked for and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Favorite lessons
Favorite activities
I would like to tell you about the show which we would like to see: It is "The London Fashion and Leisure Show", which is going to take place at the Central Exibition Hall in London, on Tuesday the 14th March, between 10.00 and 19.00.
I'm very pleased to recived this prize.
Other workers are taking on other months so there is only July that is availible for me.
I'm very good at tennis, and I was a profeshional tennis player.
Unforgivly, my climbing skill is nothing like my tennis skill, but I always love climbing.
I'm afrade of hights and I have always wanted to conqure that fear!
Filming life at school means filming the students 'actions and behaveare.
It is very interesting and fun with the experement.
Lots and lots of experements produce quite interesting and amazing results and I think Science is very useful in life.
Also it is not a very easy subject so we can capture other students 'faces in confusion and puzzal.
We can see students expressing their feelings, wonderful and excitting story that the student made up or from a well well-known story.
Another excitting subject which most of the students like very much is P.E. Many students like to play sports.
I do a lot of sports, so apart from playing tennis I am a member of our local swimming centre. I can reasure you that I am gradually improving my sports skills.
It took place in a huge stadium which had over 4,000 seats for the "spactetors" if you can call them that.
The musicians brough it in order to achieve a high standard of sound quality.
I visited your theater and I was very dissapointed for a number of reasons.
I've read your advertisment and the reality was different to what was written there.
There was no Danny Brook but instead of him there was a different actor and I'm very dissapointed about that because I'm a fan of his.
There were no discounts availible so I overspent.
The theater restaurant was closed for no reason apparent to me.
It was a realy bad evening and because of that could you possibly give me my money back?
Everything was going perfectly befor last month when I met a girl from the other school.
So one day she invited me to come to her house at night and to do so I had to run away from our boarding house and that was illigal.
So I woke up at 2 o'clock in the morning and climed out of the window.
Next day my best friend went to the headmaster and told him about me so he put me on sespend.
At this we can see the latest fashions, imagintive make-up and hairstyles.
I am sorry to cause you inconveint.
Last night, when I went into my house it was quite scilence.
My father always remembered his responsibily was to provide his workers with a good salary, which is the aim of his life.
When I, with mixed feelings, went home I found my parents were stooding at the door looking very cheerful. '
It is a good idea to include the visit to the Science Museum and the National Art Gallery in the morning on Tuesday and Wednesday respectivelly.
Firstly, there will be leisur and sports wear and the latest fasions.
Secondly, there will be exibitions about makeup and hairstyles.
And on Tuesday we will enjoy the London fasion and Leisure Show till 19.00.
I am looking forward to recieving your positive reply.
We are intrsted in politicians 'and film stars' clothes, hobbies, passions and intrigues.
There are lardge numbers of journalists following them all the time, even in their private life.
We can go for a wolk, go shopping, go to the cinema, get marrige or devorce.
Why must everybody know and tolk about their private life?
I was not satified with the show at all because it was very different from the description your advertisement had given.
It was a desaster and I am going to tell you why.
But it has advantatges as well as disadvantatges.
On the other hand there are disadvatatges, too.
Firstly, the enviroment is polluted because of technology, although this is our fault.
Secondly for us there are disadvantatge because pollution affects us indirectly, and because I don't do anything but watch television, and it isn't very good at all.
I am writing to complan about your service.
You were meant to start the show at 19.30 p.m. but you started very late at 20.15 p.m withour any ecxpenetion to the audience.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I knew that but I needed someone who could understent and support me at that moment.
I told her about my pregnency because she has a friend who works in a hospital as a doctor.
I asked her for hepl and she promised me she would do everything that she could and keep my secret.
Pat gave me some advice and I disayded to have an operetion.
I got a bit dipress but my parents supported me.
They stopped me having the operetion.
You won't wait in the quee.
I am a good swimmer and also good at golf (handicap twelve). I took a certificate to become a Teachear in both of them six years ago before I went to "CROARA GOLF" in Milan where I organised the evening's entertainment for the customers.
First of all, I belive that if someone has time to go to the shops has the possibility.
Do you know I am amuzing when it comes to playing tennis?
Great fun, very happy, if go with your girlfriend it will feel romatic, you should think something like this, but do you know it is not always like this?
If you interested in the clothes as well, but you need to remember, one is male, but one is female, they should have diffence fashion, at that moment should be had one is boring or have some bad chat, so in the end you both will feel unhappy or angry with each other.
Mr. Maneger,
In this unconfortable situation I am writting to tell you about some irratable problems.
Then, the time stated as the beginning of the show was 19:30 and unfortunatly it began at 20:15.
Closing these facts, when the musical finished I was very, after wainting for the start of the musical and I was dissapointed with this version of Over the Rainbow. Everybody went to the restaurant, wich was closed without any explanation.
I am very dissapointed with this evening and with this desorganized way of dealing with problems so I am asking for my money back.
They always did things together, and they were the most popular boys in school. Both were very hanson, played football; they were an example for everybody.
Unable to keep a secret he told everyone, ended his friendship with Ted. Now Ted is rejective by everyone, no one talks to him and Pat is the example, but without his best friend and his honestity.
In accodance with what you have told me about the accommodation I would prefer to go and stay in tents, because I think they're unusual and that is not something that you do every day.
In my oppinion you have to give some money back to me.
She is a very good girl and she can deal with every promblem she has.
My name is Agripina T. I just recive your letter and I would like to answer and ask some questions.
While I'm at the Camp, I would like to do two of my favorite activities, which are basketball and singing.
In the past I was in a basketball team and I enjoyded it a lot.
At the Camp, is there a free uniform or will we have to wear something spessial?
And is it nesessary to bring money, will we need it?
Students think that we don't do anything and we don't learn anything spessial.
Our music lessons are speccial.
And it's always interesting to wach others while they do something like that.
You can find futher information from me about Camp California in the USA.
First of all I can go to Camp California only in July because I will start working at our local leisure centre as a swimming instructer.
I would like to stay in a log cabin because I have had bad experiens with tents.
We are all costemers of the big supermarkets. They have all that we need.
But when we think about it seriously, shopping is not enjoyable, for example, if you forget something that you need for a salat.
You have to go back to the supermarket and find the nearest parking space, then before someone takes the last fresh lemon for your salat, you must find out where the lemon section is, because they love to change the store around again and again.
Firstly, I read in the advertisment that the actor would be Danny Brook, and this is one of the reasons why I went to the theatre.
But I had a big suprise when I saw that it was a different actor, and I was very disappointed.
I was very ungry with her. I didn't know what to do, I was afraid that I had lost all my friends.
After a few seconds of thought I went straigh to Pat. "Why, why did you do that?"
Firstly, you advertised that Danny Brook, who is my favorite, is the lead but there was another actor insted of him.
In accordance with study or work, I use the Internet, which is the easist way to get information from all around the world.
When I asked for the price I was surprised becaused the assistant told me there wasn't any discount available.
After two hours I thought that all of this information was writted from a foreign point of view and it wasn't the native opinion.
I used my computer to collect reports from the Internet and I can promise I found so much information that I couldn't analize it in two weeks.
Changes won't stop caming: the WAP technology (you'll buy a cake from a vending machine without any coins, only one call), digital TV, virtual reality and more...
I would prefer to stay in a tent to staying in a cabin. Because it is something I feel more familia with. I used to go camping with my family every summer.
Sometimes you can stay out all day just to buy a present for someone. It stard in the morning, and of course you have breakfast somewhere, and it gets later and you are still looking for it, so you have lunch, and finaly you spend more money than you thought you would.
RECOMMONDATIONS
I have just received your letter informing me that I won a two week holiday at Camp California, so I am writing to you to tell you my preferences for the travel and the accomodation.
About the accomodation, I have no problems, but I would prefer staying in a tent, so that the holiday may be more adventurous.
First of all, the reason why I bought the ticket was Danny Brook, who is my favorite star, and was going to appear in the show.
I could say that we cannot servive without them.
It is getting more convinient and useful than our past life.
Furthermore, it is possible to treat many patients who have serious desease more effectively, if we use modern technology in medical science.
Because of convinience, we can use our time more effectively, but we should not rely on these things too much.
Last week I attended the musical "Over the rainbow", and I am writting in order to complain about things that really disappointed me.
Hello. I'm Robert and I'm writting an article about clothes in the future.
In my oppinion, in a hundred years we'll wear the same kind of clothes that we wear nowadays.
I recived your letter and I'm very happy because I didn't expect it, so first of all I want you to know that I really fancy going to Camp California in the U.S.A. for two weeks, especially because I've never been to this country.
Finally I want to find out if there is a supermarket near the campsite and if there are any facilities for washing my clotches on the camp.
I look forward to reciving a reply from you.
We arrived quite early because we had to work out how we were going to serve people did with which order, so we started putting all the stuff in the appropiate place.
I was very nervous because I'd never been to a concert before and an hour before everything started the singer and the musicians were there and I couldn't help it and I started crying-you can imagine, they were so handsome that I couldn't belive it-I tried to calm down because I had to work, and later I began to feel more comfortable and when the concert started everything was so exciting that the time went very fast-although I was working-and it was like a dream.
I want to know if it is avaliabile at that time.
Fathermore, I would like to ask you which kind of clothes I need to take and how much money I'll spend.
But a lot of incovenients anoy them.
First of all the parking is not convinent and is expensive.
Sometimes you have to park your car in a futher place then walk to the supermarket.
Futhermore, when you look aroud the supermarket, you can't easyly find the goods which you want to buy.
It's very confusing without the right singho.
As I understand, it is very imortant to confirm the date of my trip.
Now about accomodation. If it is possible I would prefer to stay in a tent.
I am quite good at tennis, especially plaing doubles.
Also I like swimming and I've got two years 'experience of teaching swimming at a lesure centre.
I can't concentrate in a shop, and I can't relaxe either.
On the other hand, I understand very well that it is really nesseceraly. I also understand that nobody will do that in my place.
I think it is an opportunity to meet different people (even if they are pushing you), to understand what they like and what they don't, because even some kinds of food can be in fashing.
I am writting this letter to inform you I had a very disappointing evening at your musical show "Over the rainbow" at the Circle Theatre where you are the director.
This was a very difficult decission but I had to take it because of my personal situation, all the time shouting and fighting with all my family.
I'm writing this letter to you to make a complaint about the musical show "Over the Rainbow" which I saw yesterday. I have to say that I'm very disappointed with what I saw because after seeing your advertisment I expected more. The show was entirely different to what it says in the advertisment.
I was a little more portient so I stayed to watch the whole show, which by the way was the worst I have ever seen.
I don't know why I paid £ 20 with no discount, which the advertisements said I woul have.
Then I thougt that I should go to the theatre restaurant to have a drink or eat something so that I couldn't say that I had wasted my time by coming here.
Competers have entirely changed people's lives.
There are hundrets of prograns which help you communicate with your cousin in Australia or with a complete stranger who you want to meet.
I won't ever forget the day the doctor told me and my Mum the thruth about my strange disease.
Before it was packed into by the audience, we had to clean around the reception, but totally it was really exciting although I was just a member of staff in the small reception, because I felt great excitement (especially girls!) from people queing.
I know this is one right love. I'm absolutely besorrted with him.
She told everyone that I fancy him and everybody always makes a joke of it. That makes me feel so embarrised: I was very angry at that time!
Amaisingly, we can find that there are more and more computer users.
My daily life has also changed a lot through the use of computers or mordern technology.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin because in my opinion tents are very uncomfortable to sleep in and they aren't very cozy.
I would like to ask you for vegetarian food for me as I am a very extrict vegan, and to suggest what kind of clothes to bring.
In a nutchel I think Maths, basketball, Speech and Drama, and History should be filmed.
Firsty, I would like to thank you warmly for this great prize.
Of course we will also show other activities, such as PE, the lunch break and the theater workshop.
It wasn't a "perfect evening out" like you said in the advertisement, so my friends and I would be gratefull if you would give us some money back, if that is possible.
Your faightfully
It's a sad story but it lets you know about a tipe of life that you can't imagine really exists.
I would like to travel only in July, because I am going to study at my university untill the end of June.
I have a lot of posibilities for spending my spare time.
Generally I paint some landscapes by using watercolours, but sometimes I try to paint like during the impresionist era by using blobs, oil paint and canvases.
In order to preper it I visited some clasrooms during the lessons and I interviewed a number of students from our school.
Some of the teachers are very good profesionalists.
Their lessons are valuable, rich in knowledge and funy.
According to students 'oppinions, the most popular activities are basketball, tennis, swimming and also the photography group and the painting team.
It could maks the video more interesting.
It will show that during every day we have great fun and we recived good, important knowledge.
My school starts a summer holyday from 1st July and I am going to take a summer course from August.
They can relax, reduce ther stress and they are happy when they find the thing which they wanted.
However, shopping sometimes makes them stressfull. People often waste money on worthless things.
During the camp I would like to pratise my swimming (I have attended swimming lessons for 3 years) and also I would like to learn how to take some good photos.
Sometimes, unfortunatelly shopping can be very annoying, especially at Christmast or Easter time.
The only advice would be: "Do not do your shopping at Christmast or Easter time"-but it will not make any sense, will it?
In addition to this, it was not the famous actors that you had mentionned in the advertisement performing, so we were disappointed.
Then I had to wait 45 mins; the show started at 20:15.
At that moment I was realy angry, so to calm down I went to the theatre restaurant, but it was closed, because of its bad hygiene and food.
Now I only need to push a button, and things or mashines work on their own.
Homework is easer to do with the cumputer than with a book sometimes.
Maybe, I won't be able to understand how the things work and that scares me. I will be useless, because a mashine will do all the work.
To begin with, it was not Danny Book who acted in the show, as you wrotte.
And then about the tickets, you wrotte that there were discounts available but there were not.
Finaly when we had seen the Musical, we went to the restaurant and it was closed because they were doing some dekoreting, and you wrott in your advertisement, "Visit our theatre restaurant after the show"
I am looking forwart to hearing from you.
Clothes are a very interesting subjekt to study.
If you travlling around you can see a lot of difference still between different cultures.
First I think that in the future we are going to wear fewer clothes because the climet is going to get warmer and warmer.
Finaly in my opinion I wish we would dress more as we did in the past, using natural matrial. We must think more about the eviorment and live closer to nature.
In the past, for example, we used to write letters to comunicate, but now we surely send an e-mail, a fax or make a phone call.
Nowadays, you get everything immediatly, but will it always be a good thing? I think not.
So they prefer to leave their sons wecting TV.
In my view, it was extremely interesting and satisfing for me all the concert long.
Although I cannot explain any more about the thing I felt during the concert in this letter, I'd like to recomend you to help at a pop concert.
I am afraid that I couldn't write to you immediatly, but last month I enjoyed helping at a pop concert and so I was very busy.
Regarding the accomodation I would prefer to stay in a cabin.
I think that the combins are safer than the tents and they can protect you better in case the weather changes.
I chose climbing because I'm intrested in this sport even though I'm not experienced.
Yours sincierly
Before the concert I helped with carring and putting in order some chairs on which some special people would sit.
In addition I had the opportunity to talk to the singers and get a lot of autogrammes by them.
I was doing different activities, from designering fliers to selling tickets.
In addition I checked the e-mail dialy and answered the phone.
In the advertisement it said that discounts were availble, but when I asked a member of staff in the theatre about the discount he didn't offer me one.
I excpect this will be possible.
Like earings, necklaces, bracelets, rings, glasses, hair bands, handbags, shoes, watches, etc.
We had a great time together until we decided to visit the musical "Over the Rainbow" at the "Circle Theater".
So when the miserable musical came to its end, we were happy to leave the theater auditorium, but we both wanted to have dinner in the theatre restaurant, because no restaurants were open anymore, because it started too late.
Pat was my big brother, who had heaed of some people paying, "safty-money", but never know the reason, until he found a large amout of money in my room.
Yeah fokes, that was the point I got interupted by my parents in this beautiful dream, but if you want to hear the end of my story than buy the "Rossall-School-magazin", next issue, and you will hear the end of this unbelievable story.
Secondly, for accomodation, I prefer to say in log cabins, as I have no experience staying in a tent, I hesitate to try.
I used to belong to the singing club when I was a high school student and once we won the contest, moreover, painting is one of my favorite hobbies.
Finally, I would like to ask you wheather there is anything I should bring on this trip such as specific clothes, extra money etc.
It was a privelage to help at a pop concert.
My dear friend, if I tell you this, I am sure you will get jelous.
Dear Sir or Madamme,
I'd appriciate for giving me the first prize in the competition.
The aim of this report is to summerize the results of the survey, which is about making a short video.
Yet, one extremly hot day while I was pacefully walking by the sea and thinking about my own problems, I discovered my elder brother's girlfriend with another boy.
So, the next day, I nervously came to Pat's appartment where she had been living on her own since she was eighteen.
From the activities, I would choose painting-which I am keen on and I have done several courses-and Photography-about which I know just the basical skills.
Besides, it was confirmed by scientists that consumism may develop into a compulsion.
First of all, I was looking forward to seeing one of my favourite actors, Danny Brook, and it was very disappointing for me to see a diferent actor instead of him in spite of his name being writen in the advertisement.
I'm writting this letter to inform you about the disappointing evening I had when I visited the Circle Theatre.
It's something absoletuly necessary for every action people perform. It affects us both positively and negatively.
I'm writing to you on behalf of all the English class in order to let you know how excited we are about the trip to London and to give you some ideas of other things we are interresting in doing in London while we're there.
First of all, we'd like to thank you for the programme you have already arranged. It's wonderful because it covers most of our interrests.
But also we would like to visit The London Fashion and Leisure Show that will be held at the Central kExhibition Hall on Tuesday March 14 from 10:00-19:00.
Thank you for your time. We're looking forward to hearing from you opion.
I had always wanted to travel abroad and experiece other people's lives and cultures, so I decided to go to Paris as soon as I finished university.
But in spite of all of these desadventages, I was pursuing my dreams and objectives and in spite of everything I was going to do it.
It took me three months to learn the language and by this time the whole familly had fallen in love with me, so that when they decided to move to London, they invited me and now we all live here and I feel like part of the familly, even though it was very hard at the beggining.
First of all, the starrings of the show were not Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
But your starrings were not there.
From every singular things I have complained, it was totally different from what your advertisment said.
And I can send e-mail to my friends via the Internet fastly and cheaply compared to the old-style mail-services.
I'm writing to you to complain about the disappointing expirience I had with your theatre.
And last, the most disappointing thing, the advertisement also said that Danny Brook would be there, my favorite actor, but there was someone else instead of him.
So, the show was not good at all and my evening was spoiled in spite of all that the advertisement promissed.
So, that afternoon at lunchtime, I went into the teachers 'room and opened her desk and took the paper out quitely and calmly.
That was the most scarely and daring thing that I did in my childhood.
Sencerely...
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and so his whole schoole knew about Sara's experience.
Sara was a very good puple.
She spent the money on a magazin.
I am writing to you to thank you for your very good organisation of the International Arts Festival, where I spent two exellent days recently.
I suggest it would be very intresting to meet artists from faraway and exotic countries.
To finish my letter, I hope that my notes can help you to make next year's festival more intersting and comfortable for the public.
It is so because you are young and need to make your life as intrestng as it can be now.
Naturally, it's easier to get a job when you are good at foreign languagers or computers.
Also some concert holls were too small for this many people.
The school is like a dungeen here.
I don't want to be so evel about school but rules are rules and they are limiting us within the borders of our school.
We are not allowed to compare our thoughts during the lessons becase the teachers think that we are chatting.
I had been looking forward to seeing my favorite actor Danny Brook, but he had been replaced by some other actor.
I was not too happy about that and why didn't the show start when it was suposed to start?
Your advertisement was ful of false advertising.
I hope you preciate my letter and that you'll try to amend these problems./ Sally Svenssen
I don't have to mess around in the supermarket on a Friday evening, when I'm tired from school, I just get all the groseries I need delivered to my door instead.
Nowdays I spend 2 hours in front of the computer every day, shopping or chatting to people.
The last thing I would like to know is what clothes I have to take, even though the weathe in July will be good.
So, let's imagen that your credit card is not working, or some one stold your cash from your pocket.
Also it is very difficult to shop if you are handicapt.
Staying in a que or croude is also unplesent.
Your advertisement for the show contains further inaccuracies; this show did not sart at 19.30 p.m but only at 20.15.
Under these circumstances, as your Theatre did not fullfil its commitments, I ask you for a full refund and I expect to receive a cheque for £ 15, as soon as possible Yours faithfully
Mind what you tell her; she can make the worst of it; gossiping is her favorite leisure activity!
A couple of weeks later, my sister called me when I was at work; completely devastated and weaping scalding tears, she could hardly pronounce a word.
I could get her to simmer for a second or two then she suddenly sarted shouting uncontrollably:-"Never have I met such a poor cow like Pat", Olga hurled this at me down the phone.
For activities, my first choise is basketball. I have been playing it since I was nine years old.
My second choise is golf.
However, I could enjoy it, even though I was a biginner, so I would like to practise and have fun at the camp.
As I have told you, I had a chance to help at a concert of Majesty, a local band in which one of my friends played guiter.
At first I just helped setting up the stage; setting microphones, and tuning guiters.
He explained to me that it was to controll the light.
It was fun practicing how to move the lights and change the lights.
Beside that, I'm alergic, and that causes me problems when I'm close to nature.
I'm quite good at paiting and I play tennis. I'll be very happy if you can give me a chance to use the camp's art studio and you'll be able to prepare some painting materials like oil paints, canvas and bruches for me.
I think the result of that action was marvelous.
Everybody was very suprise that you can create such amazing things, using sizors and paper.
The light on the stage was very bright and very warm which made the scenery very pleasent.
The organisers paid for my acommodation and flight to Ireland.
On the next day I helped them to build the scenary and I had enough time to visit a museum in Dublin in the evening.
In order to know what sort of clothes I have to take, please can you tell me about the normal weather for this periode?
One of the most important things we have to film is our bycicle classes. Our school is now the best in the country in all ages. We are prest with this. We can show what we doin order to be the best.
It would be good to show the swimming poole, the gim, etc.
And on the other hand we also have a very important museum, and a very beatiful building in the school grounds, bowls them!!
After that, your restaurant was closed whitout reason.
Introduction: The aim of this report is to summerize the right lessons and activities to be filmed.
Conclution
I have always been interested in visiting other contries.
Below is a summary of the most important relevent points with some recommendations.
The fully equipped computer centre in the main building is extremelly good.
2. The school arranges an amasing range of activities, such as excuintions, sports and different kinds of trips.
Regarding accommodation, between tents and log cabins, I woul prefer a tent, because I love adventure and also because I can be freer.
I know I will have the chance to do two activities, so I have choosen two from your list: basketball, because I have been playing it since I was eight and I have been part of a strong team for three years.
The other one I have choosen is swimming; for the same reason why I chose basketball.
For exemple, if the shop is full of people, it is not enjoyable, because they will create too much confusion, too much noise with the risk of wasting time.
The last problem I would like to tell you about is about the restaraunt there.
First it helps to make my social life convinient.
To sum it up, as technology is improving my life itself is becoming convinient.
I would like to know with whome I'll share sach wonderful days with the sports activities.
My Russian friend ivited me to set up an exiting new business.
First of all, in order to our firm purpose I wrote an inventation to my favorite idol-the poet and singer Boris Grebenchekoff.
His one-week concert programme was so succsessful that we decided to invite him else, as soon as the tickets were all sold.
I had a nice expirience as manager too.
I am writting about the letter that I recently received from you, which is about a competition in which I have won the first prize.
About the accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin instand of a tent, because it is safer and more confortable.
The two activities that I prefer are Basketball, because I played in my school's team for almoust a year, and Photography, which is a hobby that I am good at and I have done since I was ten.
People are used to going to the shopping centre because it is easy and familiare. It is one place where you can have lunch or dinner, watch a movie after that, and, if you want, buy something at the shops.
Instand of going to the theather, which is more cultural, or even having a picnic at Ikurapiura park, people prefer spending all their money at shopping centres.
Circle theatre's Manager: I am writting to you because I felt dissapointed after seeing the musical "Over the Rainbow".
First the actors who were suppoused to star in this show were not the ones put on stage.
I had a discount ticket, but they refussed it and I had to pay the full price.
Appart from this, the show started forty-five minutes late.
I think these reasons are suficiently to ask for my money back.
She was also concerned about being pregned, but she was afraid to tell John about it.
He couldn't belived what Pat had told him, so he broke Pat's nose.
I am now writting this letter to give you further information about myself with pleasure.
Regarding the accomodation, I would prefer to stay in tents because I think it will be closer to nature.
Tennis is my favourate sport.
Shopping is becoming a popular way of killing time nowdays.
Try to imagine the scence: twenty or thirty or even more people are in a quel outside the fitting room.
The accomodation that best suits me is the log cabin, as the space in tents is very limited and I am not used to having all my belongings in order and packed at all times.
With regard to the activities you offer, it is difficult to choose from such a hugh variety, but I prefer to do those I know better such as climbing.
There are many things that can go wrong in the process of adquiring a product or service.
Hunting on the high street, or the shopping malls for the desired bargain-because we can't afford to buy anything otherwise-often becomes a desperate atempt to attain a lifestyle promoted by the new consumerist society.
In the end everything depends on our attitud to life, including shopping.
But even without money to spend it is fun to rush from time to time through the sales that seasonaly appear, or simply look at the superb displays that shops have in their showrooms.
First I didn't accept but finally she conviced me.
I would prefer a tent rather than a log cabin because I have been told that the Californiai summer is hot and dry so, because a tent's wind circulation is better, it would create a confortable coolness.
It is finally your turn and you reluctantly hand the money over to the hypocrital cashier.
They had a concert in my home town, that's why the organizators were looking for young people who could speak English.
The staff in that departnent were really friendly and helpful and they were also huge, like giants.
Basicly, I helped them liaise with the local police and get some electronical equipment that they needed.
By the way, I have already been invited to their next concernt.
You said that some discouns were available.
When I went to the reastaure I was really suprised.
In the advertisemen you wrote "your perfect evening out", that's very funny.
It helps me when I studie. I can find many things on the Internet or write my compositions on it.
I can find cold water in the refrigarator but 50 years ago they didn't have the refrigarator, so our life is easier today.
I think it depents if you are a man or a woman and now I have to say I am a woman and I enjoy it.
First of all, as I see it the idea of an Arts Festival is great because in this way many people can get to know artists who cames from different countries.
I always prefer to read books that are inusual in some way, because they give me the opportunity to escape from everyday reality.
They are the main characters of that book, and what caracterize them is the violence of their passions.
To make it worse, neither discounts nor restraurants were available that night although they were said to be available.
According to the owener of the restaurant, it was closed because the plugs of some lights were cut off.
However, I think there will be some diffences in the quality and materials of clothes.
Although the appearance such as shape and color will not change so much in fashion.
Some people are in a hurry, others are agressive and most of the others are very stressed.
It is not always like that but we often see such a scene, even though shopping is becoming an entertainement not only for teenagers but also for adults.
Then, the show was meant to start at half past seven and I had to wait fourty-five minutes because it started late.
I am writting this letter to complain about the treatment that we received when we went to the Circle theatre in order to see the musical show "Over the rainbow", whose actors were Anthony Keens and Tina Truelove.
Indeed, it had a big swimming pool and a beatiful garden.
At first I was irritated that contrary to your announcements no discounts were availlable.
To my greatest disappointement Danny Brooks was not in the show, but his part was played by an actor whose (lack of) singing and acting skills did not make him a suitable replacement.
yours sincerelly
Technology is essencial to our life, we need it each minute, each second.
Good because you can have acess to a lot of information, and it is bad because the computers are doing people's work.
We really appriciate your organising a very nice programme, which has been organised by you this time.
In particular the River trip to Greenwich makes us very excited and we are really looking to forwold to this.
We're looking forwold to your reply.
Invent glass was very eventuly to architect.
Architecuture with use of glass brough us modenism in 1980.
In the future we can expect to have a new material and it will make our life more confortable and convinient.
It is said that one of the reasons is that a small separete room makes children unsociable and depressed.
Also as producing new electoronic, our home of the future will be more convinient.
In addition I would like to choose singing and photography because I am good at singing and taking photographies.
Last month I enjoyed helping at a pop concert a lot. Really it was a very intresting experience, particularly when I had to deal with a young group of children from Latin America.
It was increible, because I learnt some Spanish words such as Hello, How are you? goodbye
, What is your name, house, dog, cat, boy, girls etc. I am very happy that I promed myself that I would learn Spanish this Summer at Huntingdon College.
At the concert they were very susscceful because they were very confident and I helped with the sound system and our equipment was extraordinary and the audience were fantastic.
It seems to me that all these failures were your falt, because you were responsible for the organisation of the show.
However, conserning that I saw the show, I would like to get a 50% refund.
Please reply at your earliest convinience.
That is why I think that modern techology helps me in my daily life.
I have once experienced having been soaked while I was sleeping in a tent dut to heavy rain several years ago.
I would be really greateful if you could send me some information or any relevant brochure.
I'm writting to you because I wanted to tell you what a bad experience I had during my holidays when I went to see the play on at your theatre.
To begin with, the actor you publised as going to perform, didn't.
People are getting more and more adicted to this, because it helps to make everyday life easier and more confortable.
I've recently been to one of your musical shows called "Over the rainbow" at the Circle theatre in London, thinking it might be a good idea but it was desappointing.
I'm writting this letter to explain to you what happened and to look for a solution.
To begin, the organitzation of your collegues in the theatre was awful for various reasons.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, so without want I knew that there was going to be a concert in owr city given by, from my point of view, the best group in the world, Oasis.
At first I got more angry with Pat than with my other friends in the group, becouse Pat was and is my best friend.
Then I realised that she had reason. I was irritable becouse my parents were going to get divorced, but Pat would always be my best friend so I told her that I wasn't angry with her and I was not going to go to the concert becouse I had to go to the court to solve my parent's affair.
And that's the story of how I missed the oportunity to go to the only concert that Oasis have given in my city.
Well, some people would say yes whereas others would desagree.
However, I would add that journalists-being aware of that hard topic-should try to modorate what they write in order to respect other people's privacy; since they would probably not be happy to have their own private life exposed!
I was boried, so I decided to follow him to discover where he was going.
I would prefer to be accomodated in a log cabin as I do not like sleeping on a mattress and I get an allergy to rubber.
Could you, please send me some extra information regarding the ammount of money I should take to cover any other expenses, and also, what kind of clothes I should take.
For the two activites that I chose are at first swimming. I am in the swimming team and I must go two times per week to entretain because I have a competition every weekend.
Could you tell me approximatively how much?
The concert sarted at 6:00 pm until 2:00 am, and I started to work at 12:00 pm to prepear the stage with the musicians.
After that, at 2:00 pm, when people arrived, I was at the entrance to take the tickets and, you know, it was incredibale because some people slept all night in front of the stadium to be in the front row.
I saw old people, children.... and for me it was very strange and it was very interessting, because I met a lot of people and the best thing was that I knew the pop group who sang. It was fantastic.
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show which the Circle Threatre is staging. I recently had a week's holiday in London and during my stay I went to your threatre to see "Over the Rainbow".
In the advertisment, I had read that Danny Brook was starring but he was not.
The play should have started at 19.30 but it started forty-five minutes later, we were waitting there without anything to do.
After the show had finished, I went to the theatre restaurand to hav something to drink and relax but it was closed because the staff was on holiday.
Moreover the discounts were not available as you said in the advertisment and I paid £ 20.
I would like a refand because it was one of the worst evenings of my life. If this matter is not resolved, I will take it further.
Everybod agreed with her.
I've recived your letter and I'm very happy to know that I won the competition and the first prize.
In answer to your question, I will have to say that I can only go to the campament in July because of my job; they only gave me that month off.
I would prefere to do some climbing because that's what I doin my spare time and I do it quite well.
Apart from that, if you give surfing classes I would love to take them; surfing is one of my chilhood drems that never came true.
I don't know what tipe of clothes I have to take or the amount of money that I'm going to spend, so if you, please, could help me by giving me this information I would be very pleased.
Shooping is not always enjoyable.
We have all been shooping once in our lives and sometimes it probably has not been very enjoyable, why? We had a class discussion and we all agree on some points.
For example, if we go to a big mall we will probably never find what we are looking for, and instead of buing what we came for we will leave with lots of things that we liked but we will never use.
Most of the time he gets lost, or they start plaing around, making noise, bothering people, etc... And when this happens you get in a bad mood and you'll have a bad day shopping.
So if you want to have a good, relaxing day shopping, we recommend you don't go with your little brothers and to go with enogh time to look arround for what you really want.
I'm writting to you because I went to the International Arts Festival and it was a pleasure.
On the other hand, I must tell you that some concert halls are too small, so you can't be comfortable enough to apreciate the event.
Considering the advertisement, which appeared in one of London's newspapers, I would like to present you with some of my complaines about your musical spectacle.
Secondly, the time when your musical should start was changed, delaying your show for nearlly one hour!
Neither the beautiful surranding near your theatre nor the comfortable seats compensated for my horrible evening.
However, technology has a bad influence on us-generally on our healf.
However, he did not act, and his sustitute was not very good at acting.
I went to buy the tickets but when I paid there was not any discount avaible.
That wendsday Pat phoned me and told me that Sally also loved Paul.
The weekend came and that Friday we went to the dyscoteque.
When Sally came out of the dyscotheque I was very angry and I started to shout at her.
Unfortunately I was very disappointed with it; I was expecting the opposit.
First of all, the advertisement where you advertised your show and what the theatre provides is totaly wrong.
I came to see my favorit actors Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but the actors whom I saw were other people.
Another thing is that I took a particular amount of money to buy tickets and when I apeared in front of the ticket desk I found out that the cost of the tickets in your advertisement and the real price weren't the same, the real price was much higher.
Also the show started very late compared to what was writen in the advertisement.
befor the beggining?
So, after all of that, I wanted to have a nice relaxing dinner in your restaurant. I was very angry when I apeared in front of closed doors and there was a notice that the restaurant wasn't open.
In fact I am writing to you with just one main aim. I'll be really delighted to resive the money back for my ticket.
I'm looking forword to hearing from you.
Faithfuly yours
Look at the history books for 400-600 years ago, or even for the time of the First and Second World Wars, to see how sociaty has changed, just because we stepped up the advance of science and technology.
On the one hand scientists have discovered a lot of medisent for different illneses, but on the other hand they discovered many illneses which we hadn't heard about before.
More and more people die from some illnesses whereas a long time ago fewer people died from the same illneses, dispite the fact that they had fewer medisent.
However, technology nowerdays has improved so much and it has changed our lives a lot.
Today we can't even think how we could possibly live without computers or without airplanes.
The computer is our way of communicating with the outside world, whereas with airplanes we can reach our parents and friends easily and much faster than we would if we used boats or trains.
Every day scientists and technologyst discover and produce more and more new things and that is good. It has to be like that, we have to go forword not backward from the point where we are now.
Society has to go forword not to stop in one place.
Actually, I read the advertisment for the show and there were a few mistakes in it.
After the play, we wanted to eat at the theater restaurant but we couldn't.
As you can see, there are some (deliberate?) mistakes in the advertisment you made.
I quickly became bored by this hypocrital attention they gave me.
I am writting to complain about a musical show last weekend when I was in London.
I felt very upset about your advertisement was totaly different from the musical show.
It was quite rediculous!
She enjoyed sharing everthing with Pat, whatever it was.
This made Nick very embrassed and he felt hurt.
Finally, they got seperated.
For example, if Diana, who was the ex-wife of Prince Charles, hadn't been followed by paparachi when she was dating a man, there wouldn't have been a car accident which caused her death.
It was a pitty that the halls used for the classical concerts were too small.
When the sons were old they began to talk about their life, beginning with this story, which happend a long time ago.
17th Juni 2000
I'm in London for the first time and I wondered what is interesting on your stage: I read in the newspaper the advertisment about the best musical show.
In the advertisment the cast was very interesting-Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
I desided to go to your theatre but at the beginning it was the tranbles.
In the advertisment it said-"discounts available".
I'm a teacher and in Polan I have discounts but in England I don't. I know this is another country.
I was very suppresed when I saw a different actor. It wasn't Danny Brook.
I saw one week ago on TV (the 23rd annual) the fashion show in Paris and I was very surrprised because of the style.
All the models had very strange long shoes made from black leather, the trouses were quite short and the jackets were elegant with blazzend materiell.
People will wear clothes made from natural materials like silk, which will be comfortable and elgant.
Because the world is now a global village people will wear at least one item of traditional or national clothing (for example a peasnt jacket or hat), like they do now in rural areas from time to time.
Sailing means an ever renewed adventure as you cannot control the atmospherical conditions.
When you ask to, the sales person offen answers that your size is out of stock.
It seems like a good oportunity to practise it.
I would rather stay in a tent, because I have stayed in tents before and I liked it. It is more pleasent than staying in log cabins and it is such a wonderful experience.
I agree that shopping is not always ejoyable because a lot of things can happen to you.
Therefore she had to do a lot of tramits to cancell her credit cards and to change her plane ticket.
Well, regarding the accomodation at Camp California I would prefer staying in a tent.
Well this is abosolutly true, espacially when you go shopping on Saturday.
For exemple, you go into a clothes shop, you see all those women running around trying to find the shirt that will match their new skirt, so they are looking everywhere, pushing you because they think that you will take the shirt that they want.
You get headaches, you get stressed, and finally you get bruses because of the woman who pushed you to get the pretty skirt before you!!!
I would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent, because I find it more confortable to sleep in a bed, but it wouldn't be a problem if I have to sleep in a tent.
I would love to do climbing and surfing just because those are sports I have never praticed before. That means I do not have any experience.
The part that I enjoyed the most was that I felt I was doing something worthly for the community and also that I got to meet a lot of people.
I have just recieved your letter saying that I have won the competition. I must say I was really surprised and happy to be given the oportunity to join the Camp for two weeks.
I am concerned that you offer me the chance to choose two activities, while I am there. Because of my studies, I will take painting, as this is the subject which I am finishing at college, allways with important cualificaitons, and photography which has been my hobby since I discovered that I can mix, in practice, paint and photography.
Concernet acomodation,
I would prefer a tent since for me if I go to a camp or on an excurcion it isn't the same if I sleep in a cabin.
I really liked one of them concernent a holiday in Spain for 3 days with hotel and breakfast included, for only £ 250.
I went inside to ask about that package but they told me that it was gone, so, I went to many shoops just to get the same answer.
As and advise try to go shopping in the out pick hours, and don't waste your time asking for promosion advertised in the windows of the shop.
I'm not really a young man and during the recent years of my life I becamehave become accostomed to comfort.
That was cruel, because I was very haungry after the show.
In spite of this, I have got all the equipement I need for painting and I paint very well.
The food was deligious and fortunately I did not have to pay for it.
I am very pleased to be the winer in your competition.
When I was at the Univercity I was very keen on basketball and I played for the university team.
In 1998 we were the champion of the First National Leque.
Novadays our shopping habits seem to have changed. I can clearly remember my childhood and our only local shop.
I was really astonished by all these shopping centers, like ASDA, HOMEBASE, etc.
One day I decided to go to the shopping center which is only 40 metres from our house.
I'd walked arround for about 15 minutes until I found the door.
When I entered the shope I was a bit angry.
In fact, this activity seems to be very interresting.
Unfortunately, I have never practiced but I feel like trying it.
The best thing to do would be to show the cooking personnal because they are very nice.
I advise finishing with a chemistry lesson so that people see the laboratery.
The advertisment promised us a perfect evening but it wasn't, so I would highly appreciate it if you could completely refund our tickets.
Since Paul ran a very popular hotel in London, he told Pat that on Sunday the superstar Madonna was supposed to be staying there with her new misterious lover.
I'm writting to you to complain about the musical that I saw when I went to the theatre during my holidays in London.
To my surprise Danny Brook never apeard.
He is my favorite actor and I paid to see him not to see a different actor.
Finally at the end of the show I decided to go to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because it hadn't been repeard.
I enclose my postal addresses and I will be looking forward to a completly refund
Most of them believe that they are kind of crazy or ievel.
Carol, a 16-year-old girl, said, "I imagine clothes in the future will be very strang.
Maybe they will be in many colors and they will be very thight.
They will be sinthetic clothes, I think, made of plastic or something similar. "
Most young people like Carol believe the same and use their minds to imagin the variety of clothes in the future.
After all, they'll be the ones that dicide what the Fashion of the Future will be like.
My name is Joseph and I am writing this letter to complain about the mess that the adimnistration of the Circle theatre presented to me.
We paid to see Danny Brook, my son's favorite actor, but we were quite disappointed. My son was very happy because he would see his favourite actor for the first time.
Expecting British pontuality, we went to the theatre at 19:00 to wath the 19:30 show but it only started at 20:15. It finished later than it was suposed to and then we missed the train.
I didn't see any discounts available; I thought my son would have paid less than I. As we had alredy missed the first we went to the theatre restaurant, which is famous for its good food, however, it was closed.
Because of this, the least you can do for us is to give me my money back and work hard so that this theater, which is famouis for its beauty and pontuality doesn't become famous for its desorganized shows.
People have seen in the last 10 years how diferent our clothes can become.
Clothes used to be made of coton, but nowadays we can see shirts, pants, socks.... made of almost anything.
Computers are little things nowadays, but at the speed at which tecnology develops, in the next century clothes will tell our doctors about our healt at any moment, any time, anywhere, people will be able to locate us arround the world.
In the future we won't buy clothes according to size or even color. Our clothes will adapt to our bodies, the weather, our fit, all our needs.
I saw the musical show in your advertisment during my holiday.
I think after 100 years, at least something will change as regards design, material, color, etc.
Since I was a child, I have been intrested in camping and sleeping in tents.
For exemple, how much pocket money will be enough and what kind of clothes I should wear.
We think that this is a great opportunity and we are all very interested in going because we can see there the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, a lot of different kinds of make-up and some famous hairstylers.
The show is absolutly free for students.
I have further ideas. In the futur, maybe in 2113, there will be houses like now but with more technical things.
But I think that people will altough need a bed and a table with a chair.
houses will only be more modern and more practique but not very different from our homes in the present.
The whole show and the acting was of a standard comparable to scholl theatre.
When we decided to visit the theatre Restaurant after the show it was clouse because some decorating wasn't finished.
It was this last poin that got me angry.
After evrything that had happened we went to the hotel tipped and very affect.
From a small village to the town was a very long way becouse people used a horse and wagon.
Evry family now has a TV, to travel long distances we use not just the car but elso the train and airplain.
Before we had a phantasy about how people might travel to other planets, and what we see now is a spaceship cruising in space.
Before it was only in our emegination.
New techology has made our lives more comfortable and esee.
Evrything that we do now we do with a computer: it helps to look after the house, to perform very difficult operations, becose the computer can think much faster than a human.
And I can continue my list in this way... becouse science never stops in one place.
Looking forward to your repply.
It was such a wonderful experiece!
When Jane asked me to help her with the publicity and specially with the inverviews, I just couldn't believe it.
You know that I love going to concerts, but being at the beging of the show and a member of the staff was something I was always interested in.
In the area of publicity we were about 50 guys, all of us investigating, calling radio stations, organizing the reporters, specifying where the press would be for the interview that took place afterwards... yet, it was incredibly satisfation when everything turned out just fine!
Before I go to the Camp, I would like to know what type of clothes I need to take and wheather there is anything I should take in case of any emergencies.
I was one of the lukiest people from my school to be picked to help at the pop concert which took place in my town.
Me and my friends were very excited, not because of the stage decoration but because of the pop sigers and bands whom we would be able to see!
However the best part was watching and listening to the singers and bands practicing on the stage.
He started to consum the stuff at the age of twenty.
He had problems at home because his mother wanted to settle down in Australia, but Peter was used to living in New York, where it is overcrowded and he was surronded by people.
But I have booked a flight home at the beginning of Auguest.
Nowdays the Internet brings us closer and closer.
3. Liabrary.
We not only borrow books from a liabrary but also study at a liabrary.
With reference to the accomodation I would rather stay in a tent because I think it is the best way to socialize.
In addition I need to know whether meals are included or not with the accomodation so that I can decide how much I must have with me.
Just then Ake exlaimed that I could play the piano.
yours sinicrely
The restaurant, which I decided to visit after the show to eat something, was closed without any explaination and the perfect evening was completely unperfect.
Often you wear very litte but short skirts and tops.
The sommers and winters get warmer.
Besides all those improvements and confort I can't stop thinking where all this will lead us.
All these items of equippments are applications of modern science.
Thank you for this prize, I'm really ecited and emotional.
To answer your reguest, I would like to travel only in July because
I really apreciate this kind of trip and I'm really grateful for your attention.
Yours sincirely,
Women can't resist the temptation of shopping and they are dissapointed when they don't have the desire to shop.
Shopmania is really unstapped. I know women who do everything they can to buy only a dress, or even worse, women who buy things they have no use for, for example, snap, esculptures, kitchen tissues, or eveything sold by telemarketing that really is unuseful, but they cannot resist the fact of it "being there."
There are many facts to prove that shopping is not "pretty and armonious", so believe me, it is not always enjoyable.
I am writing to you becaus I was very disappointed with the show you have put on to attract people to come to your theatre.
First of all, I came to see the play just becaus my faivourite actrice shoud have been in it, but she wasn't.
The time of the evening performance on the tiket was 19.30 and actually it started at 20.15, which forced visitors to stay in one plase for 45 minutes, a waste of time.
The ticket discounts were not available under any subconstanses and the theatre restaurant was closed.
I strongly recomand you to pay a minimum 50% of the full price that I paid.
Your faithfull
I think that in 100 years from now, the clothes fashion will be totaly different.
In my apineon the world itself will be different in temperature as a result of global warming, also people will become nicer, less this will take place, so the clothes will mainly be made from cotton with smooth colours like dark grean or gray.
They will be comfotable clothes becaus the main point for any caind of clothing is to be comfatable.
Also there will be no leather or fethers used in maiking these clothes becaus by that time the animal population will have fallen and Green pease will be very strong, much stronger and more pouful than it is now.
So we can imagine the Future Fashion might be pleasent or unpleasent for different people.
The styles will be more or less the same as each other and everyon will be setisfaid with them.
I am writting to reply to your letter and comenicate my aceptance of the first prize in your Competition.
This summer, I am available in July because in Agust my family and I are going to go to Canada and in September I will go back to university.
If there is no chance to go to California in July, I could wait untill next summer.
About accommodation, I would like to have a log cabin because last year I had an accident and my back was enjure, so sleeping in a tent would be painful for me.
Due to my back enjure, this year I could not train and play with my team, so I am not fit. It would be a good aidea to be a referee.
Althoung swimming is so boring, it would be a good thing to help cure my back.
Could you please let me know where I will eate? If there will be a vegetarian menu? And how much is it?
And please could you give me some details about what the weather is like there and what type of clothes I will have to bringh?
It was a hard month because my job was very hard. I worked 12 hours per day but alwalys with fun people.
I'm writting this letter to complain about the musical show I saw during my stay in London.
If I feel like talking to a friend I just have to call him and whereever he is I will be able to get through to him.
I'm extremly happy because not only do I earn a lot of money but also I'm learning a lot.
I'd like to travell in July because I've got an examination at USP in Roo Cohelo in July.
And I'd like to stay in a log cabin because I can't bear sleeping in a tent. I hate that kind of accomodation.
I have recently recieved your letter saying that I have won the first prize in the competition.
It was very fortuanate for me.
Please could you send me an itenerary of the trip?
I think that shopping can be both enjoyable and unenjoyable because sometimes the shops are full of people, especially at the weekends, which normally is the only appropreaite time!
Danny Brook was meant to be the starring actor but he wasn not, another actor took his place.
In the advertisement you say that there is a biscount available but there was not.
I think the next time you write an advertiment you should put in the right information.
I did not have a perfect evening with so many proplems.
Yours fouthfouly
Does technology have a bad or a good efection?
In the 18th cetury, technology started to grow more and more and the 20th century was called the century of technology.
Thechnology helps people.
It informs people, hospitals use modern technogoly, and the computer helps staders and helps people do their job.
A lot of countries buy gans, for their defence they say, but they buy them to kill people.
Technogoly can't ever stop going forward, and so people always go farward but with the same effection of modern techology.
In the advertisment you promised a perfect evening out, but it wasn't.
It was very disappointing for me that the actor wasn't Danny Brook, as was promised in the advertisment.
So I want to ask for my money back, also I had to pay for but cancel the arranged taxi because of the wrong starting time in the advertisment.
But are they usefull in every situation and everywhere?
My oppinion is that modern technology can help you to save time.
But in your advertisement you wrote that people can visit the resaurant after the show.
If I search for something like a telephone number or an adress I also look it up on the Internet.
Another important point for me is that things like listening to music or watching TV sound better and the pictures on TV are being impoved, because the machines become better.
The third problem was that it was writting that discounts were available, but when I got there it was not true.
For example, a car, which is used by everyone every day, changed my daily life in the sense that I don't need my dad or my mum to go ice-skating or to go to work. I can do it by myself and for me it is important not only because of technology, but because I can show that I am responsable.
In spite of the fact that the weathe is bad, I play tennis.
In addition speaking activity includes everything for learning English such as listening, speaking, and grammer as well.
In other lessons, the teacher teaches lots of things which are grammer, English culture... etc.
I play the classicial guitar and I also sing. I have been playing the classicial guitar for three years.
I wonder if you could tell me about the wheather and what kind of clothes I ought to bring with me.
It was very ashameful for my mum.
You also mentionned the activities I'll be able to do.
Althoug I've been playing tennis for five years, I can't say I'm a very good player.
Firstly, the story takes place in South Africa, during the period of Appartheid.
I think that you can't understand all the links between the events whitout reading the book more than once.
Moreover, once I was paying for the tickets, I found another thing out: there were no discounts avaible.
I had to go back to the hotel, because all the restaurants in the area were absolutelly crowded.
Summing up, you might have realised that that wasn't "my perfect evening out" wich you promised, so I would like you to give me the money I paid for the ticket back.
She works as a model, and she was advicing him about what clothes, etc,... to buy for her.
I decided to go to a play at the theatre of wich you're the manager to see "London's newest and best musical show."
The principal reason I'm writting to you at the moment is that I want my money back, because I felt so disappointed with the theatre and also with the play.
Before modern technologies arrived, you couldn't comunicate as easily as we can do today.
You can comunicate with people in places where you would never imagine going to because it would be too expensive.
But, if you don't like using the keyboard to say something or to communicate, you can use video conferencing, a sistem wich lets you talk with other people simply with a microphone and speakers.
The modern technologies mean I am able to listen the music I've downloaded with the same quality as a CD, and if I buy a reproductor, I can carry this music everywere.
Also computers and mobile phones have evolutioned thanks to modern technologies.
As far as accomodation is concerned, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable, and, therefore, I have never stayed in a tent.
To sum up, it is clear that not only should the film be about the subjects they study, but it should concern their sportif activities as well.
On that date, I decided to spend one evening seeing a musical show as I was on holiday in London and was interested in the musial show.
I found the theater rather noisy as I arrived very early to sit in the front row.
However, something wrong occurred again. The actor 'Danny brook', whom you advertised in the brocher, did not play a part in the show.
I am not satisfied with your show as it was compeletly different from the advertisement.
It's comletely different!
Have you ever been to a fashion show named "New trend, New Millenium"? '
How can we go out wearing thouse clothes? '
On the other hand, some people refuse to wear that sort of clothes so they prefre to wear nothing.
In fact, unlike the perfect evening out that you promised in your advertisement, I had a very disapointing evening.
There were also the discounts wich weren't available.
Can you imagine how exsiting it is when we are in the dark and very quiet and we can hear the sound of the animals.
I have been doing a lot of them when I have had some free time and when I feel empressted with where I have been.
Fainally I would like to ask you about I have to spent any money over there without my shopping and how the weather is over there in July because I will pack the clothes as usedful.
It was brillian.
You know, you have to very strongly when you have to do that because when people came in they couldn't weait to get to the frount and they try to go through very quickly.
So you have to explain a lot of times to make people clamed down and stand in a row.
Appart from that, here is the information that you asked me for:
-About the accomodation, as I read, you can offer me a log cabin or a tent.
That's so good when you have the money to enjoy it but, appart from that, there are many problems.
Also there is a big problem: the mony.
Secoundly, I would be very grateful if you could accommodate me in tents rather than log cabins.
From the list of activities in which I will have a chance to compete I have choosen basketball and swimming.
But, isn't it a kind of entertaintment?
For example, emagine that you are a bride and you have to buy an appropriate outfit.
I am writing this letter to complane about the Circle Theatre.
Secondly discounts were not availabe.
What's more, the theatre reastaurant was closed when the show finished, because the show started at 20:15.
It was not a perfect evening whatoever.
Everything will be usefull and combinient, even fashion.
The most important thing will be your fugure, such as long legs or pear-shaped.
Traditional or Comtemporaly
In concrution, the clothes will be more interesting than now for everybody.
I'm used to sleeping in a tent from my previous holidays and I always injoyed it.
I actually injoyed it working there and I wouldn't hesitate to work there again.
The activities listed in your letter all seemed to be interesting. I chose to play baskelball (I play in a club, I am quite good) and to do photography (there must be beautiful pictures to take in California).
You asked me which accomodation I would prefer.
Moreover, the admittion fee is free for students.
In addition to this you will be able to control all parts of the house by computer such as temperature or vacume cleaning.
About the accomodation, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because I have a bad back and I think that sleeping in a tent could be not just uncomfortable but also painful for me.
Let us then ask: 'Is this activitie always enjoyable?'
Far from the strengh that doing a sport or even going to work requires, going shopping is something you can do either on your own or with all your family and it could not be easier; you only need a good pair of shoes and a wallet full of money.
However, this apparently quiet and relaxed activitie can sometimes turn into a living hell; you may only be able to go shopping at the weekend and then, if you do go, you will find yourself in the middle of a huge crowd of people, unable to get to any product or even shop and feeling dizzy with the mixture of smells that come from the people.
On balance I would say that although it is true that shopping is not a difficult activitie, it is also true that it is definetly not an enjoyable one.
I received your letter this morning and I was very suprised by it.
I am writting to you about your questions.
First, I can come there only in July because of my examination, I have to take it in June, and my new turm will also start in September.
My main work was to take people to their seats because of a concert hall, which was the millenium dome.
I also sold a panfulet of that concert, CD and T-shirts.
I told you before Elton John performed at that concert, so there were a lot of famouse people.
She was abusolutelly beautiful.
I'm pleased to receive your letter and realy happy that I won the first prize.
July is also good because the wethear is warm and I could enjoy the time I will spend in the camp more.
I think I can handde it very well.
I've choosen Photography because I love to take pictures!
if I have to take any special equipement for the activities that I've chosen
Whether there is a phone, a fax or e-mail so I can be in touch with my familie.
Yesterday was Valentine's day here in Portugal. In particurely I had to spend it alone... again.
I'm writing to you to tell you about a pop concert that happend here in São Rafael.
Red Hot Chilli Pepers came here for a short time and they played at the "Chedicard Hall".
It was realy cool because I did some backstage work.
I was everywher.
I took lots of pictures, asked for authographs and I even gave them my cel phone number!
They promissed me that they would call me someday, which I particulary doubt.
I hope you answer this letter as quik as possible with lots of thing to tell me.
Dear Manager: I am Angela Ounis and I am writting to you because I went to see 'Over the Rainbow', London's newest and best musical show.
Also it was said that Discounts would be available, but I didn't receive any discount as you were cheating us. I know that you have a big responsability but if you have told something to people, stick to it.
I have learned a lot with the Internet. It gaves me the opportunity to know more about things I never knew about.
I hadn't tought about a restaurant to go to after the show, because if the advertisement had been right, there should have been a luxury restaurant where I could eat.
Yours Sinceraly
We are in the age of technologic development, of that there can be no doubt.
First of all, we would like to say thank you very much for organising our tour around London and our programme, wich is considered especially good for us because of the places we will visit.
Secondly, we saw last Saturday in the Oxfor News an advertisement about the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to know if it would be posible to inclued this show in our tour.
The show is going to take place in the Gernal Exhibition Hall in London, Thursday the 14 of March, so it could be a good idea to see this show intead of going to the Science Museum.
We think that it could be a great opportunity because in one day we can see everything concerning fashionable clothes, new make-up and hayrstyles.
In this letter you ask me for some further information for my conveniance for this trip.
I received your letter, which says I won the first prize in your competition-two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I apreicate that and I thank you sincerely for having chosen me as a winner.
I acxepted and I want to inform you that I can travel only in July because I have booked my anual leave for that period.
I helped them to prepare the room for the bads and I decorated the place for the singers.
It took a long time to testifite the speakers and the microphones.
The audients was excited and I cannot discribe my happyness.
I still have the sound of the music in my ears and the voices of the young people who were accompaning our songs.
I am writing to you to give you some requiered information.
As you can see, I have abosolutly no experience in it.
During my stay I went to your theatre to see a musical show and unfortunatly I had a very disappointing evening.
Lastly, about the ticket. The advertisment said 'Discouts Available' but no way, I had to pay the full £ 20.00 and the restaurant was closed because of rebuilding or something.
However, the point that I am trying to make is that you just ruined my hoilday.
Your advertisment was unfair.
As you are a manager, you have resposbillity for justifying this problem. and I have a right to get fair treatment as a costomer.
But I say fashion is Artistic insperation which is expressed by fabric and all sorts of material.
As I said before, fashion is somehow influenced by science and insperations that we get from all sorts of enviroment.
These days we are very intrested in space and the millenium and things and many designers have shown millenium looks recently.
I expect human beings will live on other planets and trevel around under the sea.
I think people will wear those spacy and cyber-looking clothes after a centry.
Can you imagin you and your friends going on a picnic to the Moon with a silvery skirt with Astronut boots with fire coming out at the bottom of your boots?
It could be more facinating.
Swimming is my favourite way of excercise and keeping fit.
THIRDLY, I WAS VERY EMBARASED TO DISCOVER THERE WERE NO DISCOUNTS AT THE ENTRANCE.
I always have a positive approach with all of the most recent invenctions or any other kind of modern appliance.
Anyway, the thing that has changed my daily life most is the personal computer and, expecially, the Internet.
Also, the times printed in your advertisment were 14.30 and 19:30.
In your advertisment, it said that discounts were available for the tickets.
I was rather thirsty and hungry after the show and your advertisment made a cup of tea and some cakes in your restaurant sound rather inviting.
It was not my 'perfect evening out', as your advertisment said it would be, and I would like some money back.
It's a natural reaccion to be angry with somebody you don't trust for gossiping about you and bothering your personal thoughts.
But they don't consider the problems the romours may cause the famous family or couple.
In conclusion, no matter what the journalit's aims are, famous people deserve to have their problems, their affairs, their private lives just as normal people do.
I saw your advertisment for your show at the circle theatre, over the rainbow.
Also it was written in the advertisment that some discounts were available, but there weren't any discounts.
First she said to her father, then to her mother and finally to her brother, that I was from another planet called Orion, that was a billion kilometer from Earth and then I was so ashamed because I have been her boyfriend since I came to Earth.
I would like to thank you for chossing me.
I am good at Basketball and tenis.
At university I atend tennis lessons for two years.
Finaly I would like to ask you.
As I told you two months ago, I saw the advertisment in the newspepper.
Just before the consert I had to check that everyone was present.
The consert was briliant.
It was terrible! We had a lot of problems from the beggining.
Everything was all right during the band's performance, but at the end some espectators came up on the stage and did some damage to the band's instruments.
As you can see, hardly anything went well, but the lights and the sound-for both of wich I helped carry things-were appropriate for the concert.
Firstly, it was written in the advertisment that there would be stars and artists from around the world. I believe that it's difficult to arrange meetings with foreign stars but there were artists from only six countries and in my opinion there
That was excelent because it attracted people's attention.
regarding the accomodation, I would prefer a log cabin. I think that will be safer for all my things.
The stage was gigantesque. The crowd could be all around.
I mean, it's still inbelivable. Can you imagine how like a dream it was to be shaking their hands.
Your advertisement was excellent and it gave me a lot of enthousiasm.
Then, I think it's interssant to answer the following question:
This little essay shows that I depend on technology and, moreover, because I'm in an electronic eegenering school, I'm keen on technology.
I pressume if the term becomes longer the festival will become better.
I can say the actions which are prohibitted at school are no problem at home.
We think that it is a great opportunity because it is just once per year and it is free for stundents.
We stayed at my aunt's house which was in the center of the village.
I loocked outside and saw two men go into the house in front of mine.
The policeman came to take the bugglar and thanked me for catching him.
The concerts and the dance show were incredable, except for the classical concert that was in too small a hall.
Secondly, the plays and films were very well organized despide the low numbers.
The art exhibition showed us a new lifestyle and society that was totaly different from ours.
The talks by writers were very tecnic but they could be understood by all the people who were at the festival.
In conclusion, I was impresed by all the good organisation, the service and the cost of the weekend ticket for all events.
The price was excelent because there wasn't any time limit.
I hope that you organice this festival for all the coming years.
At school you aren't allowed to bring in connected movil phones although there is more than one student that does.
Teachers will take it from you if it rangs during school hours.
If you break one of these rules you could be expulsed for a week, a month or for ever.
As well will have the responsability of looking after my brother when they aren't at home.
In answer to your question, I wouldn't change anything because I think that these are the minimum rules that a theenager has to have to be responsable in the future.
I would be very grateful if you could give me some aditional information.
When she finished the sound check, I went to meet her. I told her I was very happy to be there and to have helped at the concert, and I asked her for an authograph.
I am willing to show you the authograph and the photograph.
When I got to the theatre I asked for the discounts shown in your advertisement, but they were not avaible.
Despite this I was still excited about the show, but then I sudently realised that Danny Brook was not performing, he had been replaced by an extremely disappointing actor.
I'm writing to you about our trip which you have orginesed.
Sincerally,
They nead to be with their family in peace.
In fact on the stage appeared a compleatly different person.
But to make everything clear I'll start from the beggining.
Our parents were very pleased and happy we were so ambisious.
As a result we were grouded for all the holidays and all because of our almost perfect Pat.
And what belter way to solve this than to give the festival an international character.
If you like fishing, you can try to colaborate with the local market or some shops, in order to sell them the fish you catch yourself.
I prefer to stay in a cabin because I have never been on holiday in a tent before, so I think it is more corfotabel to sleep in a bed instand of outside in a tent.
The activities I would like to do durring these two weeks are basketball and swimming.
I think I can play basketball well, because a few years ago I was a mamber of the scool team.
Swimming is not my favorite sport but I prefer swimming to golf or tennis.
Please could you informy me what you meen when you say all the accommodotion is paid for: is that including food and drinks, so that I know how mutch money I have to bring with me, and what kind of wather it is during this period of the year so that I know what kind of clothes I have to take.
I was the assistent of the person responsible for the clothes and make-up of the pop group. Really I was very nervous about that because it was my first time with such famous people, but I am very happy that all the things went very well. Kim, what I realy particularly liked was when I was asked to do the make-up on my own. Really I was very nervous but at the same time very happy, but everything went well and everyboby was very hapy with my work.
Realy I think you have to try to do the same thing next summer, I realy enjoyed it.
You can't go outside in peace, and there is always a crownd of people who stand in front of your house waiting for you.
We have seen it in an advertisment and I would like to go to the show.
It is a great opportunity for us because the fashion is fashinating and free.
For example, we would be able to put off our visit to the science museums on Thusday morning till Wednesday afternoon.
The fashion show starts at 10 oclock and finishes at 7 o'clock.
Journalists follow famous people, such as politicians and film stars, in order to take fotos and get information about them.
I think that it is very dangerous because the famous peple cannot have a private life and consequently they may suffer from deppresion and sadness, which may lead them to suicide.
I think that the goverment have to protect them and their private life from the journalists, by punishing journalists.
I am writing to complain about the Musical 'Over the Rainbow', permormed at the Circle theatre last week.
What was suppoused to be a perfect evening out turned out to be a disappointing one instead.
If I want to know how a friend is, I just have to phone him; I can see how the world is getting on just by switching on the television, and I can cook in a few minutes using the Microvelle oven.
In conclussion, I think that technology has two faces which affect my life as well as everybody else's life.
As far as accomodtion is concerned, I would like to live in a tent at Camp California.
I prefer this type of accomodation because I am used to living in tents during my summer holidays.
Concerning the accomodation, I would prefer to sleep in a log cabin, because to sleep in a tent would remind me of the bad experience I had in Ireland because of the weather...
But so far I have only taken pictures on holiday and of some family celabrations.
Otherwise I had to keep walking untill the train started.
I was sitting under a full-bloomed cherry blossam tree.
Their hobies were listening to the radio, reading books or sitting on a chair without doing anything.
The performances were great, but some halls were too small to accomodate all the people who were there that day.
So, in the daytime, we can focus on our studyings.
George was about to be linched on account of his skin colour.
The place where I was hidden was overlooking the house where he was kept prisonner.
No one was garding him.
One of the reasons that I have visited your arts festival was to see a lot of plays. In the future, I hope to be an actress and that's why I want to learn something from the professionalists.
They want too much forstudent and are unkind to them.
I'm writting to you to answer the letter in which, as you probably know, you congratulated me for having won first prize in your competition and tried to encourage me to travel to California and attend that camp.
I'm writting to you to tell you how much I enjoyed last Saturday.
It was such a beautiful night! Unforgetable.
I had always dreamt of being near "The Cranberies", but I had never thought that the dream could become reallity.
During the afternoon, Tim and I spent the hours before the concer lying in the park next to the sports hall where the concert was to be held.
After a few minutes the dream happened: Kare-the guitarrist-appeared over there.
Finally he said how grateful he was and alowed us to stay with them till the concert started.
As far as accomodation is concerned, I would prefer to sleep in a tent.
I have been travelling every summer since I was eighteen years of age and this type of accomodation is part of the ritual.
Thanking you in advance, I am looking forward to your prompt respons to my questions.
I went as a voluntier in order to go for free.
The accomodation and the food were part of the contract... everything free.
I met lots of nice cool people, and what I most enjoyed was the crazy atmospher of the whole thing.
The best thing was that I have learned how to take care of their expensive instruments and I have sung my favorite songs with them.
There are so many monuments in California and so I will remember this holiday with my photographies.
Finally I would like to ask you if I need any money, because you say all accomodation and travel costs are paid for.
He also gave me his adress and telephone number if I need help from him in the future.
It continues to develop and always will be the most importand thing in our life.
When I asked something about a "discount", your staf said that it was impossible.
Becouse my favorite actor appears in it.
We waited for the show to start for about one hour and fourty-five minutes.
During the show, we didn't see Danny Brook, who is my favorite actor.
If Danny Brook does not appear, you have to say something about this to the people who are there in the theater. This is your unforgivable mistake.
After the show, we were still angry. We wanted to eat something in your theater restaurant.
Yours faithfull
Everthing is easy now.
There wasn't any discount avaiable for the tickets and I went to the theatre with my three cousins from Brazil.
faithfuly,
With the introduction of the computer in our civilization we can access the Internet to comunicate with our relatives and friends living abroad or far from us.
Besides this, the information goes faster than it used to now and it's avaiable at the same time in every part of the world.
First of all, in your advertisment for the show you wrote that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were taking part in the show.
The people who were there to watch the show were very ungry and they were shouting because they had to wait too long. And I absolutely agreed with them.
Also in the advertisment you wrote that discounts were available, but they weren't, and also that people could visit the theatre restaurant after the show to eat some thing or to have a drink.
So, the next day Pat went and told his sister Sally that her friends were organising a suprise party for her birthday.
When Sally heard that, she was very suprised and very excited.
But although she was acting like this she was very ungry with her brother Pat, because he didn't keep the secret.
Suddenly they all shouted "suprise!".
Sally, although she knew about it, seemed very suprised!
So her friends didn't realise that she knew about the party and they were very happy because they believed that the suprise party had been a success!
It was an unforgetable night!!!
I am writing to complaine about the evening at the Circle Theatre presenting "Over the Rainbow".
Everybody will wear anything he/ she likes, choosing clothes from any century they wishe without this being strange.
On the other hand, if human society changes to become stricher and more limited, there will be only 2 or 3 types of clothing, formed by the needs of society.
I'm very sory to tell you that I had a very disappointing evening.
First, I got there at 7:00 pm, because the show was about to start at 7:30 pm, and I needed some time to buy the tickets. I bought two tickets for £ 20 and when I asked for a discount, they didn't give me one, then I was kept waiting for the show to start untill 8:15 pm.
Later when the show finished, I planned to go to the restorant and get some food, but it was closed, because it was being repaired.
I was in love with a friend's boyfriend and we were about to have an affair, but when I made the big mistake of telling my little and terrible secret to Pat, everithing started going wrong. Katrin, my friend, and the one I was being bad to, was very upset with me, and she was right, but I really didn't know what to do. I was in love with Brett, but I loved my friend too.
Then I decide to talk to Katrin. I was very sory for all I had done, so I apologised to her and promised her that this would never happen again.
Rescently I decided to see Over The Rainbow, a very famous and well-known show.
Furthermore, I was shooked when one of the main actors came onto the stage.
He wasn't Danny Brook, one of the resons for my choice of coming to see Over the Rainbow.
A century ago, when a farmer took the horses out of the stable and put the plouge behind them, we've got the word "time".
I must say a few words about the new electrical cars which surely will have a central role to play, exspecially today when fuel is so expensive.
I am writing to you to complain about the differences between what the advertisement for the Circle theater said about the musical show called '
Moreover, as I had read the advertisement carefully, I had planned to invite some friends to have dinner at the theater's restaurant.
So, because of the things I have mentioned, I think I shoul be given some money back.
I look forward to recieving some information from you.
In addition to this, there is less comunication between members of my family, because when we arrive home after an exhausting day racing against time, the only thing we want to do is lie on the sofa while watching television.
On the other hand, and in conclusion, I think that this development has made my life more comfortable living sourrended by lots of gadgets with different functions.
In the advertisment for the show you said that one of the stars was going to be Danny Brook, and to my surprise there was a different actor, and that realy disapoint me.
Then the show was suppost to start at 19.30 hours but it started at 20:15, more than half an hour late.
I had read in the advertisment that there were some discounts available but there weren't.
And the theatre restaurant was being pait, so I could not go there.
As you may undertand it was not a perfect night and I was not pleased with the show or eaven with the service.
Tecnology, are we prepeared for these advances?
Tecnology improves our lives, we have high-tech equipment for cooking, for work, for study, well nearly for everything.
And when we understood the Internet, we thought that meeting people from other countries and being able "to chat" with them was the height of tecnology.
But now we can eaven see the face of the person we are chatting to. The Internet is amaizing.
And now of courese there will be someone trying to improve it.
Tecnology changes our daily life, it makes our life easy to live and of courese more confortable with computers, televitions, radios et cetera and sometimes safer, as with medicine.
Definitly we should try to understand tecnology. If we know how to use it, tecnology will improve our way of life.
When I met Caballos, my best friend, I felt embarassd and disappointed and I couldn't say anything.
It is as if they lose their concience while they are shopping.
When you go shopping and there are a lot of people in the same place, all trying to find the best prices and not carying about anybody, this could drive anyone crazy.
The long queues, crowded places, high prices, sales, all these things conbined could make shopping an enjoyable thing for people who like doing it.
So while I am at the Camp I want to take a lot of photographies and climb a mountain.
Shopping sounds very enjobleable and is fantastic for women. You can find a lot of interesting things which were unexpected.
They are also the lessons which English people and other foreigners are particularlly curious about.
This is a good oppertunate to see how they learn in class.
In conclusion, besides all that I mentioned, I highly recommond you video the students 'daily life and interview them.
In fact, now I can write to friends who live in foreign countries, for exemple, in the morning and receive their answer in the evening or even just a minute after writing.
Therefore I regard the Internet as quite a powerful tool and I believe it has given more strenght to relationships between people.
I am really glad to receive the first priec in your competition. It will be very plesant joining the holliday.
Regarding your first question, I would like to travel only in July because it is my school holliday so I would not miss any classes.
As regards activities I would choose singing and surfing. Surfing because it is my favourit sport. I have been surfing since I was a child so I am pretty good at it. And singing because I really love it. I am not as good at singing as I am at surfing but I like doing it.
I only had to stay behind the drummer suppling them with water whenever they wanted.
I had a really nice time with them even tought I would've preferred to stay at the front with the other people,
I hope you've enjoed my experience, and I hope to hear from you soon.
I received your letter and would be glad to spend two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. but I will only be able to goin July because in June I will be in Austria with a friend and for August I have rented an appartment with my family.
You can come across a very disagreable shop assistant and if you find what you wanted, you will not want to pay him or her for it.
There is nothing more disagreable than that.
Further to the umpleasent event that took place last week, it is my right to complain about the musical show I saw when I was in London.
The show was supposed to start at 19:30 and it did not start until 8:15. Then I felt dissappointed because the main actor had been changed.
If that does not seem enough, after the show my boyfriend wanted to take me to eat something in the theatre's restaurant but the umpleasent surprise was that it was closed because all the waiters were on holiday.
I'm always having holidays in July. It is my favorite time for holidays.
Just the nesseccary.
I think the people who enjoy shopping are greede for materialistic things and they haven't any interests in the spirit (?), in the intelect life.
We must do something to help other people to feel better and be usefull.
It was very interresting, because I did different things.
I took some photographies and I'll show them to you when you come next week
Dear director of the Circle Theater!
On Friday we, my friend and I, visited your Theater to see 'Over the rainbow'.
It should have been my best evening that week, unfortunatly it wasn't.
Instead of 7.30 am as your advertisment said, it started at 8.15 am.
When the show started Danny Brook was not acting, which was a great dissapointment for us both.
We are both big faan of his
When the show was finished we went to the resturant to have something to eat.
But then it was cloesed for repairs.
Because of all this troubel I think we should have our money back.
And next time, make soure that your advertisment is accurate!
When were nine years old and were in thired grade we had a 'House' where we used to play all afternones.
In fact it wasn't a realy house, it was some stones between the trees in the littel forest neear our house.
It was a secret place and we had promissed each other not to tell anybody about it.
Useally we were cooking flower soup, and swapping secrets.
One day when I was there alone, I heard some other kids aproting. I sat down behind one of the stones so they couldn't see me.
One minute later, Pat and half our classe stod in 'the House' looking and laufing at me and my flower soup.
Maby she did it to make friends.
I don't want to be rude, but this is not proffessional at all.
Lastly I would like to inform you that I wanted to have dinner at yor restaurant but they told me it was closed because it usually closes at 11:00 o'clock,
So I am asking you: why do you adverstise it if is not going to be available to the audience?
First, I am very dissapointed about the star.
I'M WRITING TO YOU TO DESCRIBE MY DESAGREABLE EXPERIENCE IN YOUR THEATRE LAST SATURDAY, AT YOUR SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW".
BUT WHAT I CANNOT FORGIVE YOUR COMPANY IS CHANGING THE TIME IT STARTS AT THE LAST MINUTE, MY HUSBAND IS A DANNY BROOK 'S FAN AND HE FELT REALLY DISSAPOINTED.
WHEN THE SHOW WAS FINISHED, WE WANTED TO GO TO DINNER, AS YOU SUGGESTED IN THE PROGRAMM, BUT THE RESTAURANT WAS CLOSED BECAUSE IT WAS ON PUBLIC WORKS!!!
Definately the worse.
I would be greatful if you could consider our suggestion and please inform us of your decision as soon as possible.
There are people from both sides of the agrument who have strong feelings.
Both of them are my favorite sports and I'm quite good.
You asked me for some further information and here are my "desirs":
I stood at the entrance and theire I had to check the tickets.
Famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists fellowing them all the time.
Famous people have always been the center of interest for a number of people.
This show would give us a lot of information about current activities, fashion and what is happening here in London with, for example, the lastest fashions, leisure and sports wear, make-up, and hairstyles.
If you agree, after the Science Museum, we can have lunch at a restaurant near the musuem, then we can go directly from the restaurant to the Central Exhibition Hall.
It doesn't matter who they are, where they come from, what color skin they have.
There will be a numer of Developments in Technology in the future, which could make our life easier to live but what should remain the same is the feeling of being together and love.
Therefore, I hope that you can agree to a suitable arguement between you and me.
I started trainning in 1996, and I have never given it up.
There are more and more retailors opening.
I couldn't believe my luck. I was really sure that I won a return ticket to the Meditarenian Sea.
Thirdly, the person on stage was very strenge to me, because I expected to see "Danny Brook", but I didn't.
Althoug modern technology gives you many comfortable things for living, can it give you nature, peace and fresh air?
Let me express how disappointed I feel at this particular moment, or I should say angry, better sad. I would never have expected that I could be so decepted.
This is not the firt time I have been to your theatre and I have to tell you I have enjoyed many other plays, but be sure "Over the rainbow" will be the last one.
As I am specially fond of musicals, I even travel abroad to see what's new, I am probably one of your most devoted customers. I know this word is not the best but you have demostrated that the theatre can be just as cold as any other business.
Of course, you shoud give a refund for the money spent, not only to me but to all the audience.
New fabrics create new textures, all kinds of accesories are added to create new versions, to refresh old ideas, to make new proposals that will last, as always, just a few weeks.
Have you noticed that all the classic gentlemen wear the same tipe of suit?
And what about those kinds of intellectual and progressive people, don't they all wear the same type of ugly but confortable shoes?
I am sure that fashion will survive for ages, it will even change to become easier to use and cleaner, because we all need to feel a part of our society, comunicate our way of living and thinking, be part of a group and, at the same time, be different.
-When the musical finished I was terribly hungry so I decided to have something to eat but the restaurant was closed and the advertisiment said that it would be open.
Modern technology has changed my life in many difents ways:
To summarize, the modern technologies give you and allow you to do many things wich would be impossible in the past but also creates many problems.
As I was so looking foreward to seeing Danny's performance, I was very disappointed.
It is a very good shedule, especially because you have considered different activities for us.
Personally, I think it could be a great opportunity because it is something we all want to attent, and we are all interested in the latest fashion.
We discussed the programme, and because the show will take the whole day, we would not mind going to the Science Museum on Wenesday instead of having free time all afternoon.
I didn't even think of boking down.
The clock was running.. tick, tac... And suddenly everything stopped.
I felt an enourmous peace.
Fortunatelly, I wasn't alone.
Thank you for the effort which you have made to organize this three-day programm in London and I am sure that we will have a great time there, especially in the National Art Gallery.
The thing is that we have seen an advertisment for the London Fashion and Leisure Show.
Futhermore, students can enter free!
Thank you for your attenlion and understanding.
Perhaps, there will be personal computers which will control everything, every item of furiture, light, temperature.
But, on the other hand, people will still have to programm them, as they have to do nowadays.
All the rubbish, dust, dirty dishes, plates, cups will be washed automaticly.
IT 'S UNDENYABLE THAT DURING THIS CENTURY OUR WORLD HAS BEEN CHANGING.
IN CONCLUSION, I REALLY BELIEVE THAT OUR DAILY LIFE IS VERY DIFFERENT TO WHAT IT WAS IN THE LAST CENTURY AND EVEN IN THE BEGGINING OF THIS CENTURY.
During these past few decades, or rather in the 20th century, there has been a great deal of developement in modern technology.
One of the essential developement has been in our means of transportation.
Another significant technological developement is the invention of electrical appliances.
Modern technology helps people in many ways and is indespensible.
When the show finished I was eniting to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed.
I was expecting a lovely and perfect evening out but it was the most disapointed experience I have ever had.
When I wake up I take a shower using eletricity then I prepare my breakfast in the oven then I go to school by bus, when I arrive at home I put my lunch in the microwave then I watch TV and do my homework using a pen. When I come back from jiu-jitsu I eat something that was cooked in the oven then I go to bed.
About a millenium ago everything was different; people didn't have electricity, they cooked their food on the fire and they didn't have pens.
Regarding the two activities I have to choose, I decided to choose a new activitie that I have never done before, which is Sailing. I am a total begginer at this.
The other activitie is Photography. I am not an expert, but I know how to use a camera. All I want is to improve my knowledge.
I helped them with organizing the stage, cleaning everything, fixing what was broken and they even let me play with their guittars!
I had put some money aside for that month, thinking about the discount, but when I went to buy them they said that discounts were not avaible.
Waiting for your repley.
When she finished school, she went to study at the Agent Trainning Agency where she learnt about guns, clues, agencies, etc.
She was sent to New York to discover how some people from the government gave money to the merchants because they wanted to build a Trade Center there.
Here is some further information about myself and a few enquirement.
It is really fasinating to challenge the waves.
As for accomodation, I would prefer log cabins, because I belive they are more comfortable than tents.
Will I be given any pocket-money or do I need to bring my own money to cover additional expences?
Martial arts are realy exciting and are a great thing to film.
The main characther is the old man who has to fight against the sea to stay alive.
They're fighting for the same reason with the same strenght, the man has to kill a brother, as he calls the fish.
On accound of the fact that staying in log cabins is much more interesting than staying in tents.
I can sing plenty of songs, which include English songs and the japenese songs, and I have a part-time job sining at a restaurant.
Futermore, I am going to enter a competition next year.
Shopping is not always enjoyable. Sometimes there is a long quare or a mechine is broken.
A lot of circumsenses will arise.
Everybody had gone to buy luch in the supermarket. In fact, nobody likes crowe and quare, expecially not in the summertime.
Abviously, I had to try another aisle.
It was the longest quare I have ever been in.
Even though I think most of the time it is very interesting, sometimes it gets people upsent.
Finally, the reasonable price of the tickets for the weekend was a good point, because all kinds of people can afford to buy them. I also think that you should have a snack bar or a little restaurant so that the people are not too hangry and morever you can make a lot of profit.
In conclusion, I don't want to change anything in my house or at school, because I totaly agree with the few rules that I have.
I have choosen the two following activities.
I have choosen sailing because I would like to try a new sport. I love water but I have never tried this sport before.
Yours sincerly.
People are often irritable and agressive.
Because women love shopping and you have to follow them everywhere and always give your opinion about clothes, music, parfums...
yours sincerily
The things I did were: Prepearing and checking the equipment, I had to clean all the stadium, making sure that all the lights were in perfect working order, that the singers were confortable and relaxed, etc.
It would be a great plessure to spend two weeks at Camp California and I can't find any suitable words to express my enthusiasm.
With regards accomodation I would prefer log cabins, as they are more comfortable and I like convenience.
They are ready to sacrifise all their savings to get something that will make their neighbor jelous.
So, as a conlusion, I might say that shopping isn't enjoyable at all and I'd rather stay at home instead.
After the show I needed to drink something in the theatre restaurant as the advertisement concieved, but it was closed.
When Pat first came into a class or a groupe of teenagers there were no problems.
Insofar as I came here especially to see him play, I have been very disappointed, and this could be the understatement of the year, as he is my favorite actor.
Thirdly, the ad mentionned possible discounts.
Personnaly speaking, I didn't see them and didn't even hear of them: I asked about it, but nobody seemed to know anything concerning discounts.
As he closed his eyes, he started to travel along the dark paths of his councience.
The boy could not beleive what he was hearing.
At these words, Paul suddently awoke.
The show was called "Over the rainbow" and should be, to quote the advertisment, London's newest and best musical show.
I was very pleased that the main actors listed on the advertisment were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
Furthermore you had mentioned some discounts in your advertisment, but I had to pay the full price although I am a student.
The perfect evening you promised in your advertisment was the complete opposite and that is why I want to get some money back from you.
First of all, I was attracted by the actors-Danny Brooks and Tina Truelove-and not by the actors who performed effectly that evening.
These actors appeared fourty-five minutes late according to what is written in your advertisement.
And in conclusion I want you to give me my money back, (I still have the advertisement if you want prooth of what I say).
As regards accomodation, I would choose to stay in tents.
I don't know much about the weather down there, in California, so I am rather puzzeled about what to wear there.
Also, I would like to know how much money I will need and which expensies I will have to cover myself.
All these exhibiots are really important and exciting for us because, nowadays, fashion has a huge influence on our lifestyle and we would like to know more about it.
We think that we could go there on the 14th of March, in the eveninng, instead of going shopping.
Nowadays, there are a lot of people who live only on the money they get from advertisments, reports about their last romance... but not everyone does the same thing.
On the other hand, there are the ones that are also respectabled but, appart from their relations with journalists because of their work, they really need to be constantly sought by photographers.
The media moves the world and famous people use it to improve their work, politicians for their campain and film stars to make their latest movie famous.
In conclusion, I believe that shopping is not always enjoyable if you accidently get into a bad situation or you cannot control your expenditure carefully.
In your letter you ask me to choose which type of accomodation I prefer.
Hopefull I will meet some other girls interested in the same sport.
Woods is thought to stand for all white peope and this book could have an influence on them.
Secondly, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin, because I am alergic to some insects that might get in a tent.
I spent two weeks preparing the stage, speakers, backdrop, michrophones, everything, with all the staff, and every night the artists came to rehearse their show. I could see how they really improved, and how nice they were with the staff.
I am writting this letter because I had a week in London last month and I decided to see your show called "Over the rainbow" with my wife and children. We were disappointed because your advertisement was a misleading one.
But cars create pollution: for exemple the greenhouse effect.
Technology allows us to improve our knowledge in the sciences like medecine so as to cure more illnesses or to make people live longer.
In my opinion it's a lot better than the dictionnary because it's faster and you really find what you need.
I am writting to you about an enjure that I had at your last musical at the Circle Theatre.
First of all, I was surpprising that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove did not perform.
I read in your advertisment in Friday's edition of the Times that the show should start at 19.30 but the performance started at 20.15.
I was waitting 45 minutes for nothing!
I am a studiant and I didn't get a discount ticket.
I don't understand the problem between your advertisment and the reality.
For exemple, if I don't have time to do my shopping after school because I have to do my homework, I go on the Internet and ask for what I need.
From my point of view, the Internet is the most important invention of the 2000 centery. You can book tickets for the theatre, sport, etc.
I use the Internet all the time for my homework and in the futur, I hope, I will be able to use it for my own work.
Technology will not stop growing and helping people in the futur.
It wasn't the first time I saw this show in your theatre, but it was the worsed one.
At first it was a great plessure for me to get a ticket becauses I'm one of Danny Brook's greatest fans.
It's not that problem that there was no more discount available-but I had choosen it, because I'm (alowed?).
When the musical started at 20:15 (not at 19:30 as advertised) I was realy shokked when I realised that a different actor was playing his role.
You have to know that I am very sik because of my blood presure and so I was laying down the whole weekend.
For me, as a scientist, it's a big problem to show how the inovations of the last century went up with the environment and natur.
Nowadays a simple thing like a computer includes so many possible ways of destroying different environmental compartiments.
On the one hand there are the materials from which the PCs are made, on the other hand is the uge waste problem.
Now I try to show, in my daily work, how the airborn chlororganics, which are degased from plastics, will be seperated and damaged by green plants.
Sometimes it seems to me like a joke if I think about all the daungerous materials I need to do my job.
Therefore it makes sense to use the inovation which are causing environmental destruction.
When I was 15, I was starting to look for new clothes, shoes, and everything I would find now unneccessary.
I would not dare to culculate how much I have spent on those things without thinking.
However, it was not bad. My mom always told me that I hadn't earned enough money so I shouldn't have spent it in the wrong way.
I have never been to the USA, so I think that this trip will be an unforgetable experience.
I look foward to receiving your reply.
For pratical information, this show starts at 10.00 and closes at 19.00.
It is not too far and the openning hours suit us.
We also suggest visiting the Science Museum on Wednesday morning and in the afternoon, if some of us are intersted, we could see the National Art Gallery.
They will become less dark and more confortable than today.
These improvments will be involved by the lack of petrol and non-renewable energy.
About the size of hous, I think that in cities houses will be more and more small because of overpopulation.
But about the differences between the homes of the rich and poor, they will be the same in the futur.
I think that people will be as alone and julous as today.
As if this were not enough, once the show ended I had to walk twenty blocks to find a Restaurant since the theatre Restaurant was closed for mainteneance.
After reading the whole organized programme, we all agreed about the sightseeing tour by bus around London, wich will give us the knowledge of this fantastic city we have all wanted to have since a long time ago.
We found the advertisment in a local newspaper and have been thinking it could be such a good opportunity, because the show consists of these topics:
Instead of going to the science museum, we could go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show, wich is open on Tuesday, March 14, from 10am to 7pm.
Yours sincirely
Not only because she's famous and wrote lots of books, but she knows how to introduce caracthers and how to tell a good story us though decieving the readers.
In other words the story is set on a train wich tooks a trip along the orient.
On the train, all the passangers seem to be involved in a crime.
This is such a fasinating story and it's the way Agatha Christie tells it.
The mistery is drawn out until the last page of the book.
I like Danny Brook very much, and his unaspected absence caused me great sadness.
It's all right, but I also think that he's exagerate.
I don't think I have done such a bad thing as to destroy our friendness.
I like his company, and we are happy when we are togheter.
I AM WRITING IN ORDER TO EXPRIME MY DISAPPOINTMENT AT THE SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW", PERFORMED 2 WEEKS AGO; FIRST OF ALL, I READ IN THE ADVERTISEMENT THAT DANNY BROOK WAS TO ACT IN THE SHOW, BUT THE ACTOR THAT REALLY PLAYED WAS A DIFFERENT ONE, AND THIS WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING.
I THINK THAT FASHION IN THE FUTURE WILL DEVELOPE ALONG VERY DIFFERENT LINES: THERE MAY BE A RETURN TO THE FASHION OF THE PAST, AS WE CAN NOTICE NOW, OR A MORE FANTASCIENTIFIC AND TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPEMENT.
SURELY, ORDINARY PEOPLE WILL NOT FOLLOW ONLY THE MODELS PRESENTED ON TV. AS REGARDS EVERYDAY LIFE, I THINK THAT IN THE FUTURE ATTENTION WILL BE FOCALIZED ON COMFORTABILITY MORE THAN ON ELEGANCE.
BUT IF IT IS DIFFICULT TO FORECAST THE DEVELOPEMENTS OF THE FASHION WORLD, IT IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO FORECAST THOSE OF THE COMMON PEOPLE, THAT IS A TOO VARIED A CATHEGORY.
One of my hobbies is photography, so I think I am rather good at it, but I will take painting to learn, because I am not very talentive at it.
After carrying stuff like lights, microphones, wires and some other equipment for about three hours, I was eshausted.
It's a great opportunity for me to participate in your Camp California because normaly I work a lot and I can't spend money on travel. Moreover, I have to support a big family because I'm married and I have three children.
I have to choose painting and photography therefore. I would prefer surfing or climbing but I have to think of my helth.
I'm very enthousiastic and I wait for your answer as soon is possible.
FIRST OF ALL, IN YOUR ADVERTISMENT YOU SAID THAT DISCOUNTS WERE AVAILABLE, BUT I COULDN'T FIND THEM AVAILABLE ANYWHERE.
THE PLAY STARTED AT QUARTER PAST EIGHT: FOURTY-FIVE MINUTES LATE.
MY ADRESS IS IN THE ENVELOPE. I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU IN THE VERY NEAR FUTURE.
I like to sleep in a tent under the open sky since I have done military service, therfore I would prefer a tent as my accomodation.
It is important for my health that I swim an hour a week because I am overwight.
When I have enough money the price isn't important, then I can buy a lot of things whitout considering my money.
Finally, I am going to write about the theater, the Circle Theatre.
I'm looking forward to recieving a letter from you.
The rooms will be designed in a futuristic fashion, where there will be less furniture and everything will be compact. Even TV-sets will be on the ciling.
Technology also means all electrical machines, which don't stop being developped.
Machines have replaced the work of humains.
Our whole life is being simplified by machines for not waste the time to work on their developpment.
Here I will answear all the questions that you asked me, and I will ask you about other things that you didn't mention.
I'd like to organize my trip for July because that is when I have vacations, also because it is summertime in the U.S.A. About acomodation at Camp I'd prefer a tent, because it's a new expirence for me and I'd like to sleep in a tent to have a great time while having a new adventure.
Thank you very much for your colaboration.
Most of the time when we go to the shopping Center we have a lot of fun. We go to stores to look at clothing, we also eat something like ice cream or French Fries, but is not enjoyable all the time.
In that instance we don't enjoy shopping because we can't find what we are looking for and we have a bad time in the shopping center.
I was absolutely threaled to resive the news about my winning a competition.
I don't like cold nights and moscitos.
Yours faithfyly
Usualy people don't have time for shopping.
There are huge queus to the tills, noise, hussle, poor custumer service.
You've got more stress, you feel fed up and finaly when you get home you think that shopping is not as enjoyable as you thought.
There are so many varaity of products, different prices, different qualities.
Nowadays tecnical progress gets close to us, to normal custumers.
Without any hussle, sitting in your chear in front of your computer, in a second you can get to any shop that has an internet site-most of the big companies have one-get all the information about the product, get a cheaper price and buy it.
I know that staying in a log cabin is more convinient but I just want to have a wilder experience.
And I want to know how much money I have to bring for personnal expences.
Besides, I really would like to know approxiametely how much money I should take with me.
Concerning the activities, I have choosen two of them.
It was boring that nothing happend for such a long time on the stage.
And finally, I would have had my dinner after this disappointing musical and thougt I would go to 'Theatre restaurant'.
This is not a tabu subject with me and my friends.
I had dout when somebody said that the fashion of the future would be different.
Are they inclued in the prize?
I'd prefere it if you gave me this information as soon as you can.
However, those days were unforgatable for me.
I will be very happy to travel in July because in that month I am going to have my holidays, so I will not have to ask permition from my boss.
I would prefer to stay in a tent, couse in that way I can feel closer to nature, and I can remember when I was a girl scout.
At the camp I would like to choose two activities, Painting and Singing. I love painting. At university I studied art for two years, but now I don't have much time to paint couse I work in a bank and I have a baby.
The reason for my choice of singing is that I feel embarrest about my voice, so maybe I could improve it.
Thank you for givin me this oportunity.
You are never going to believe what I did last month. I was walking with my sister in Oxford circus, when sudently a man stopped us saying that he was looking for people to help at a concert and they were going to pay us five pounds an hour.
We sed yes inmidiatly. I nearly shouted with happiness when they told us that Luis Miguel was giving the concert. He is my favorite singer.
The concert was on a Sunday and we had to work at the back of the stadge, doing all sorts of things like colecting rubish and helping other people who were working there.
Other bad points can be mentioned, like polution for example.
I am writting to you to complain about the musical show, where everything was completely different from the advertisement.
Modern life has been full of science and tecnologies.
I am very pleased that I was born in a time when there is such good tecnologies but my parents didn't have the same luck.
My life is much easier with all this stuff mentioned above-tecnology and science.
The bad side is we can use tecnology for war-missiles, weapons, etc....
Indeed tecnology has changed our lives, we have become more scepitical and cold.
Sometimes I think tecnology is not a good thing....
People whom I work with are going on holiday in Juni and August.
Also, the accomodation I would prefer at Camp California is the log cabin, because first when I was a little child we stayed in a small house every holiday and I like that.
However, drawing some beautiful sceanary and taking some pictures would be a very good experience for me.
I'm not keen on liars, Mr Smith, and I think that you've lied to naive tourists like us: some brilliant actors were supposed to play the parts and we only had different, pityful ones.
Otherweise I'll have to put some other ads out in London saying that your show is just a fraud!
Nowadays, the Internet and the mobile phone, with the developpment of satellite communication, seem to take the lead.
As far as I am concerned, the first way modern technology influences me is through my work: the Internet has become such an incredible tool, I can research into everything I want, find information for lectures, for example, or exercices.
Maybe it will change me into a kind of self-centered person, a loner.
But we should not forget that they are only tools and should emphazise human relationships.
Finaly, I'd like to play tennis and to try climbing.
This book remains one of the best in American litterature.
Based on a very simple story, the story of an old man fishing, it is a deep reflexion on age.
A veteran fisherman takes his boat and goes fishing to convine himself and other men that he is still able to do it.
The 24-hour fight is described in such a peacful, faithful way that it callas a though about life and death.
I recommand this book as a way to discover both Hemingway and American litterature.
Before answering your letter (which I have just recieved) about the prize for the competition I recently won, I'd like to say thank you very much for giving me the chance of going to the USA.
About the accomodation, I think I would prefer to be in a log cabin instead of a tent, since it is more comfortable.
In addition to this, I would like to know the ammount of money I should bring, as well as the kind of clothes that I could need and the sort of people that I will find there.
None of the groups are known at the moment, but I belive they are well on their way to becoming famous bands.
This was the best part because when everyone was gone, Billy Joel arrived to give his support to the beginers!!!
I couldn't belive my eyes...
Jane took a photograph of us toghether.
Lastly, I do not think I would call this my perfect evening, so I would like to ask for a refund, and I hope as the Manager of London's newest theatre, you will handle the situation favourbly.
Even though Pat has got a great sense of humour and wonderful personality, he'll never be able to keep any secreats from anyone, even himself.
Although, we are great friends, sometimes people can make such stupid mistakes, and so there was one time when Pat and I had a fight. It all started when once I accidently took the wrong bag back to my house, and there were lady's knickers inside. I was so nervous and embarassing, so I told Pat and off he went: he told every single student in the school that I'd stolen a girl's knickers, and everyone started to call me a pervert.
When I was a yong child, I used to be interested in reading science fiction.
First I can travel only in July because I will finish school at the end of June and I will sit my exam in Septemeber; so I have to revise for it a lot during the month of August.
I particulary liked seeing all those people, and I met a lot of new friends there.
I would like to travel only in July because I would be on school holydays then and the weather is hot and the sea's temperature is less cold than in winter.
It is very nice to stay in tents wich are strong and confortable.
And you need a strategie to win the match.
But you can't play if there is too much wind, because the ball becomes incontrolable!
It looks fragil and it could break easily.
It has always been my dream to go there and to be able to see that beautifull country.
It will be very interesting for me because normaly I do not have a lot of time to do activities.
I would prefer swimming because I really like it and I am trying to swim anywhen I have got some time, and painting because I have finished a painting course and I have some practice with this.
That is very nice that all costs are paited for but I would like to ask you how much money I should take with me because I do not know anything about prizes in the U.S.A. and please tell me if I need anything to paint because it would be difficult to take it with me, so if I will need to take everything I will just change this activite.
It was a realy wonderfull new experience for me.
The people were wonderfull, they were helping each other with everything and it was a lot easier to do.
I am writing to you, because I would like to disagree with your advertisment for the show 'over the Rainbow'.
As it is said in the advertisment the show starts at 19.30 but I had to stay outside for 45 minutes, because according to the programme it started at 20.15, but that is not the end of the story; in your advertisment it is clearly said that you have discounts available on tickets. That was not true!
I was still not very disappointed, because I hoped that I would have a good meal with a glass of wine in the restaurant, which I could have according to your advertisment, but what I did not realise, it was closed, because the chef was in hospital.
Such as a mobile phone that helps me to communicate with anyone in the world, even if I am not at home; I use a stereo if I want to listen to my favourite music; I use tapes, CDs, hairdryers, ect.
Many years ago people didn't have an oppotunity to use all these things and they had to work a lot.
This is just a note to confirme for you that I have recive your letter.
To answer your questions, I would like to tell you that I can only travel in July, because I will be studying for the Cambrigge exam till 1 July.
Would it be possible to have accomodation at Camp California in a tent, because I haven't had a chance to sleep in one.
And would it be possible to do swimm and surfing.
I have been driming about this activitie since I was 10 years old.
I would like to know how many peopl will stay with me in the tent, and do I have to take with me any special clothes for surfing.
I look forward to beeing at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I think going shopping in a big spaise like Harrodss is not a plesure.
I like to be in small boutiques, and I would rather go shopping along and during the weekand.
And going shopping after the weekand is not for me.
I would like to travel in July because I am a studant so I only have holidays in this part of the year.
About the acomodations, I would like to stay in a log cabin because I am used to staying in them when I travel.
Sometimes, shopping can be really boring, especially on important dates when the shops are absolutaly crowded and you can't see anything you wanted with carefull.
I received your letter this morning. Thank you very much for your kind letter and for chosing me.
I have knowladge of navigation, engine, ropes and knots, and sails as well.
It was a nightmare, there were pickpokets in the shop.
But you must always be on your guard against pickpokets.
I am only able to take my holidy in July. The rest of the year I work.
I'm crayz about tennis and swimming.
Can you imagene Friday night?
You have worked hard all day. On the way home you want to pick up some milk from the shop and you have to waite ten minutes on average.
There are a lot of options and items to make our choice difficut.
After shopping you have to carry a havy bag a long way home
But the situation wasn't simple, so Hill decided to discuss it with Mary, the teacher's cousine.
I would be grateful if you could put me into the tent side of accomodation because I have had all my holidays with my parents in luxury hotels.
Pat entered the fight, and it became more loud and agressive.
I went to London to see this musical but I was absolutely dissapointed by the show.
It was about 21:00, I thought it was a bit later but it wasn't my falt anyway.
100 years ago, people dressed diffrently.
The enviroment will be very polluted and finally we'll get desease. We will need helmets to cover our heads and we will also need air-supplyer.
Maybe, science will be developed and make our enviroment clean, and we will not wear anything at all!!! (except underwear).
I hope that the enviroment will be better than now in the future and our fashion will be changed but nobody knows how it will be.
The advertisement promised there would be my favorite star, Danny Brook, but there was another actor who could not play his part as well as Danny Brook. In addition, the performance started 45 minutes late, so we couldn't visit your theatre restaurant after the show because it was closed already.
So I am sure you will understand why I am so annoyed and frustrated with the whole incindent.
Two days before, her best friend Maria told her that her parents were going to devorce. Maria was so upset that she couldn't keep it to herself.
They could not believ their eyes.
Maria had bought his favorite food and she threw it into the bin.
She went to skool, but she could not follow the lessons as easily as she used to.
Moreover, the theatre restaurant was closed for mentenance.
In addittion, I can go to Britain by plane to see her.
When I recived your letter, I could not belive it.
Unfortunatelly, I will only be able to goin July because the restaurant where I am working will be closed for that month.
I am in doupt as to what kind of clothes I have to bring with me.
I had the best expreience in my life.
Can you guess whe they chossed for the job, "me", yes, me, I couldn't belived it.
My job basequily was to, before and after the actuation, make everything ready.
To be honnest the most exciting part of all this was getting to know the group.
Yours Sincierly,
First of all I helped with the decoration of the place where the consert would take place.
I am writing to you to "help" you with your festival next year. Last year wasn't very good so maybe we can make it more atracite this year.
First, I think we shoul rent bigger halls so that we can make a better sound and give more space for the audience!
We can inaute stars and artists from around the world who will play and prisentspresent all kinds of music like jazz, rock, classical ect.
Afterwards we could let people talk with the artists so they could get to know theyr personally.
If you want to hear more of my suggestions and opinions about it pleace contact me on my cellphone.
Yours Sincirley
First of all, it dipends what kind of school it is:
Polish students have to study a lot with books and they have fewer pracite lessons, and sometimes it's hard to get books or other things needed for studying.
School is supose to be our second home but it's not. We work hard and at the end of our education we still have nothing.
I would make schools less unstressfull, with added fun 'cause that way it's easier to learn and I would give students more chances to share their fantazy at school.
Maybe the Polish system is not bad, but it's conftyble too.
I know that this letter will not change anything but you can see how compliated a Polish student's life is.
I'm not sure about the weather in California in the daytime and in the nightime.
Thank you very much for your offerring.
From my point of view, your organisation has to be careful to orginize an activity.
It was unpleasent for me to see different actors on the stage.
In the advertisement that I received, it was written that the show would start at 19:30 but I kept wainting for it to start for half an hour.
I am writing to you about my complaints about the musical show at your theater that I watched a week ago, during my stay in London.
Another problem was the male actor who starred: the well-known and talented actor mentioned in the advertisement was replaced by another one, who was really very disappointing and after the performance, I visited the theater restaurant, which was supposed to be open and available for meals after the show, but it was closed.
I appriciated this big news.
I am very keen on photography so I definetely will choose this as one of my activities at the camp.
I have got some experience already and I'm used to any weather conditions, furthermore I simply love water sports and their chalenges.
My tasks were very especifics.
Its name is "Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie", and I really was impressioned with the coherence of the stories.
It's estimulating to read them.
I'm sure that if you listen to it you will start reading the book immediately, and find out there are many challenges in your new carreer.
We are wating for your decision and we will accept it whatever it may be.
The clearest example is to compare a house from the beginings of the 20th century with our houses. Both are very similar but now we have new technologies.
I am writing this letter to inform you that I have recieved your letters and I am going on the trip.
Every night I would like to go out of the small tent into the nice enviroment outside the tent.
I was a bit disapotted with the result because I was expected to win the first prize or secound prize.
At first I was surprised but a few secound later, when I relised that I wasn't allowed to go, I tried to persuade my teacher to let me go.
I had to keep things in place and cheakd that the microphones were working properly.
I was really embarassed because I had to dance in front of a lot of people but that was the very best experience I have ever had.
Tell me yoors. I want to know what experiences you had when you were in England.
I would be greatful if you could include this show in your programme.
This is a great oppotunity for me to explore and experience London myself, especially The London fashion and leisure shows.
Most of the shows are about fashinable things for students my age.
I think it is a good event and suitable for all of us because there are many different kinds of show, for instance latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, how to put on make-up and how to have propiate hairstyles.
In my opionion, I think you should have this event in the afternoon instead of going shopping and move the shopping slot to the afternoon on Wednesday.
I trust you to pay immidiate attention to my suggestions.
I closed my eyes, tooke a deep breath and jumed out of the tower.
There were hundrend of Thai students waiting to take this test.
I was very afraid of the hieght and was very nervous.
I was given the list of activities while I was taking part in the adventure school schems at the soldier camps in the north of Thailand.
The last task I had to do was jume out of the high tower.
I eventaully managed to complete all the tasks that I had been given and I was very proud of this.
Suprisingly the show started at 20:15.
Of course I accepted immidiately.
After school Larry and I went to the cinema, but at the enterance there was a beautiful girl waiting for us.
When we arrived at the shopping center, I saw a lot of people.
The task was not easy, at 18 you don't know too much about cryptographic algoritms and databases but anyway we decided to do it. There was nothing to lose.
Both of us went to the NASA university and nowadays we work for the CIA developing secure systems and new encryptation algorithms.
You shouldn't go shopping when the shopps are so busy because it's so annoying.
You don't have to be a genius to notice that technology has evoluated so considerably during the last few decades that our everyday life has changed.
I'd prefer to take a tent because it is more romantic and exciting to spend nights in a tent. And with the tent I can go to enougher place in the camp.
And I like painting because I like to paint nature, sea, moutains.
I whant to know some information about it.
I'm realy lookind forward to your answers. And I hope to see you soon.
Yours sencerely Gubin.
I absolutly agree with this.
Because I have my own expirience of shopping.
For exsample, resently I was shopping at the market, which is located in the center of our town.
When I was there I saw a very beatiful T-shirt.
I was abset about it.
Our goverment is very burocrative.
Our ministers are really criminal. They often breake the law, stealing money.
Because of it our state can't pay workers in schools, hospetols, on building sites. In our country there is a high nomber of unemploeers.
Often people can't buy a piece of bread. And they ask for money from enougher people.
I wich that my accommodation at Camp California it must be in a tent.
Anyway I enjoed it so much.
I haven't been to a concert before so the atmosphier was really good.
Do you remember the computer course that we took together. It was very useful to clasifay each person at the concert.
I congradulate you because that's perfect.
The advertisement for the musical said that it was going to be Danny Brook. Unfortunately there was someone else-an actor who I do not like and if I had known that he was going to be there I woud not have gone to see him.
In fact, modern technology was already very popular and comonly used when I was born, so I cannot say that it changed my life suddenly.
All these products of science are with me from the very beging of my day.
On the other hand, I am aware of all the disadvantages of modern technology; pollution and the dangarous it brings.
But I think it has more advantages than disadvantages and it is O.K. I am really glad that I am a child of my centuary-the age of modern science.
I am writing to answer your invitation which I have receved as a first prize winner.
There are also many kinds of take-away restaurants, where I can taste my favorite foods.
But there is alwalys a lot of traffic at all times, and the air is so polluted that I can't even breathe.
I always feel very tired after the shopping because of unfrendly people who are too busy.
What is more, admittion for students is free.
However, we have got a suggestion: we saw an advertissement for "the London Fashion and Leisure Show" which is going to be on Tuesday March 14 from 10:00 to 19:00.
I was pleased to recieve your letter ricently.
Now I'm going to give you some information you asted about.
I'm sory to say this, but the only time I will be able to take this trip is in July, according to our team's shudule.
The next thing-I would prefer to spend all the nights in a tent, so I can move it to the place that will suit me best. I like to wake up with a view of mountains, wich reminds me of my 5 years 'experience of climbing.
So, is it posible? I would like to continue doing my favorite hobbies in the Camp.
Otherwise, you will either not find what you are looking for, or you will, and spend the rest of the day in a bad mood, because of the bad maners of sales people, who do not give you advice every time you ask for it.
To summarise everything, I would recomend spending less time indoors, shopping during the weakdays.
You wrote 'discouts available' but they didn't offer any discount.
But it was unpleasent because of these things.
Owing to all of them, I can live very comfortbly.
In your letter you wrote that I will have the chance to do two activities; first of all I would like to play tennis because I have been plaing for seven years. Secondly I would like to attend a surfing course but I have just some elementary knowledge.
It will be interesting to show how the lessons are organized, saing that we are never doing just one activitie during the class.
After that we have to make sure that we explain about the relationship betwen teachers and students, showing the times that we have been out together.
Finaly we should give some information also about our tourism, business and computer courses.
Secondly, I would prefer to stay in a tent because I enjyoi being outside close to nature.
Sometimes the bad charachters in a story are more interesting than the good ones.
Its title was: "The Mistery of Hunter's Lodge".
The charachter whom I liked most was that of Mrs. Havering, the mistress.
It was very exciting because she could play two people at the same time: herself and the houskeeper.
First of all I would like to say that it started later than it should have. I had to wait for about fourty-five minutes.
Then I realized that Danny Brook did not appear in the show, which was very disappoiting for me because I like this actor very much, and I think that I was not the only one who was upset.
Yours sincerlly,
They are very usefull things which sometimes are nessecary to survive.
I watch about four hourers of TV a day. I even eat my meals in front of the TV. We can see PEOPLE 'S LIFE in other countries, which is very interesting for me and my friends.
Also the Iternet has an influence on my daily life, beause I can find there many interesting things, or I can meet with people from all over the world, which is exciting for me.
I think that life without modern technology would be simple and borring. That's why I am using it in my daily life. I am happy that there is such a thing as modern technology.
Finaly the day to pay my credit card arrived and where was my money?
All the students are happy that we will have othe oppurtinatey to visit London for three days.
In the morning, we will have the chance to see some of the sightseeings of London by bus, for example, the Science Museum or the National Art Gallery.
The reason I write to you is that we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show, for a fiew days.
The show is free for students and we can see the show instat of having free time on Wednesday in the afternoon.
Ourdays, with the help of the media, famous people, like politicians or filmstars, play an important role in our community.
Who got married, who got divorsed or who has experienced a remarkeable change in his complexion, these are questions that most journalists are interested in.
There were some problems that were not displayed in the advertisment.
In the advertisment it was clearly written that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play the main roles.
The advertisment said that the show would start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15.
The advertisment said that they would be available but they were not.
It was written in the advertisment that I could visit your theatre restaurant after the show, but unfortunatelly it was closed.
We build big cities, there is hot and cold water, electricity, gas in particulary every home.
Many different uncureable diseases have appeared.
I'm writeng with reference to your letter. I was really thrilled, when I found out that I won first prize in your competition. I always dreamed about going to California and now my dreams are coming true.
I've always wanted to learn to sing professionaly, but I've never had an opportunity.
When she tried to answear me, one small child took her picture with a flash.
Trully, my work here wasn't very important, but I relly enjoyed it.
I'm writting this letter giving some opinions about the three days that the class will spend in London.
So I'm writting this letter, asking if you can change the programme.
There is a great opportunity to go there because students need not pay anyting.
Our first chalenge was stealing Dick's girlfriend's panties, but we failed.
Nick and Dick could prove their bravure stealing their mother's panties.
"It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it", to prove my bravure to everyone.
I USUALLY SWIM THREE TIMES A WEEK IN ORDER TO MANTEIN A BACK TREATMENT WHICH MY DOCTOR HAS RECOMMENDED ME TO FOLLOW.
SO, IF POSSIBLE, I WAS INTERESTED IN THE POSSIBILITY OF CONTINUING MY ROUTIN THERE.
LASTLY, I WOULD LIKE YOU TO TELL ME IF I HAVE TO BRING SOME MONEY WITH ME TO BUY FOOD OR DRINKS AND HOW THE CLIMATE OF THE CAMPING AREA IS SO I CAN PACK MY LUGGAGE, BRINGING ONLY THE APROPPIATES CLOTHES.
THIS BOOK CONTAINED NINE STORIES WHICH WERE WRITTEN BY WELL-KNOWN WRITTERS LIKE RAY BRADBURY.
BUT THE MAIN PURPOUSE OF THE BOOK IS TO ALLOW YOU TO FLY WITH YOUR IMAGINATION AND TO HAVE A GLIMPSE OF HOW LIFE IS GOING TO BE IN THE FUTURE, WHEN, PERHAPS THE WORLD WILL BE RULED BY MACHINES.
SO, IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A "REALLY SPLENDID SCIENT FICTION BOOK" I WILL RECOMMEND YOU TO READ "A WINDOW.." AND I'M SURE THAT WHEN YOU FINISH READING IT YOU WILL WANT TO READ IT AGAIN, AND AGAIN...!
I would like to ask whather you have competitions or different activities.
Do you reccomend me to take only summer clothes or some winter clothes as well?
I worked untill midnight every day.
It was very enjoyable. I made lots of friends. We were together all day, painting the walls, cleaning and putting up some baloons and other stuff everywhere.
Famous people must enderstand that the journalists are doing their job.
Second, regarding accomodation, I'd like to stay in a log cabin.
I also want to know if I should take any money, or if all the expences are paid by you.
That makes those people frustrated and they don't enjoy theirselves.
Regarding accomodation in tents or log cabins, I would enjoy much more being in a tent as I believe that is the right type of accomodation for going camping.
Men tease women for being shopping addicts and for having shopping as their favourite passtime.
Everyone enjoys wearing nice new clothes. However, do we really like the process of chosing them?
I'm writing to you to give my opinion of that great festival you organiced last 21 and 22 of November.
The festival was very well organiced with a lot of alternatives like concerts and dance shows.
In my opinion the hall for the rock concets was too small. You have to consider booking a bigger one for next year because these kinds of events are attended by a lot of young people.
At school it is completely different because the teachers don't foregive you anything.
I wouldn't like to change anything because we all need some dicipline to do the right things.
At first my favourite actor Danny Brook didn't perform, without any explictions being given, and the show should have started at 19:30 instead of 20:15!!
I was sure that discouts were available because I had read that they were, but at the ticket office they didn't offer them.
All this story was a secret but Pat realived it to his mother.
I am writing to you because I am really dissapointed about "Over the Rainbow" which I saw the other day during my stay in London which your company organized.
I explained to you every detail about what happened at the musical show and I want you to refund my money and send me an apology for what happenned there.
Yours fainthfully
If we create guns to protect our homes, others will use them to burgle our homes, and take advantage of the indefense people.
Because I have had experiance of staying in a tent and I like it very much.
In my opinion tennis is the best sport I have ever plaed.
I have just finished a profesional photography course and I would like to continiew my education in this activity.
I was shoked because I had alredy spoken with them and I had got two autographs.
Another part of my experiance at the pop concert when we meet each other.
First of all, the actors mentionned in the advertisement were not those who performed in the show.
Plus, it is mentionned in your advertisement that discounts are available. In fact, no discount was given to me, though I am a student and as a student I was entitled to get a discount but I paid £ 20 because the cashier had never heard about any discounts for this show.
As a student, the low priced ticket certainly athacted me a lot and gave me the opportunity to see and hear wonderful artists.
Finally, I would like to make one big suggestion: you should find a place for a campsite so that people who come a long way don't have to spend money on accomodation.
Furthermore, departement stores are always looking for students who would like to work.
The London Fashion and Leisure Show is an amaizing show because there are parades with the latest fashions. We could see some famous top models. Also there will be a variety of clothes either sports wear as elegant desings.
I realised that my bag was outside and I went out to look for it, when a shower of stones covered the entrace of the hole.
I walked alone a long distence until I found a telephone. I called the police and they ask for a rescue.
When we finished at our primary school we went to the same secundary school too, but we were in different classes.
And when we finished at the secundary school, I decided go to a foreign University.
In my opinion, the clothes will be more colourful, fun and confortable.
People will prefer to wear confortable clothes, even to go to the office.
Actually, I think that the clothes will be really simplier in 100 years and I hope to be alive until then.
However, when I saw it, I was really disapointed and I must ask you for some money back.
First of all, Danny Brook was not there. I was very upset because he is my favorite singer and that was one of the reasons why I wanted to see this show.
On the developpement, they also said that there would be a discount for students who are between eighteen and twenty-five years old but that was totally wrong because I paid the full price, which was £ 20.
I am writting in order to complain about the musical show "Over the rainbow".
Regarding the times of the performance, the show was supposed to start at 19.30 and it started at 20.15. Nobody likes to wait 45 minutes just watching empty scenary.
I was waiting for 45 minuties.
You can send a letter to your friend by e-mail instead of writting it on a piece of paper and sending it by post.
After that "show" we were starving and we had planned to eat in your theatre restaurand but what a surprise!
Let's take the mobil phone.
Nowadays everybody has got a phone which is "mobil".
I'm writting this letter to complain about your fake advertisement.
First of all, in your show advertisement it sais that Danny Brooks stars in the play.
In the evenings before I go to bed I sit in the living room and watch TV via sattelite.
When I go to bed, because there are many mosquitoss, I turn on a special machine with a battery-like thing in it which kills them.
I belive that modern technology has positively affected our lives.
In order to fullfill their readers 'requirements they constantly follow them.
On the other hand, famous people have a point if they do not allow the paparazzi to take their pictures, because althoug they are famous they also have their private life.
Your programme is very good, especially as we can go to visit the Science Museum, which I heard is very good, but a visit to the London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a good opportunity for us to see the lastest fashions, leisure and sports wear, make-up and hairstyles and it is free for students too.
I climed up the tree.
It was badly hurt. My friend rushed to me, then ran back to my house and called Mom.
Mom came in, looking very angry. I prayed for a short conversation.
I want to complain about your advertisment for the production 'Over the Rainbow'; I had a very disappointing evening.
Yesterday when I arrived at college, I saw Pat standing with Peter and a lot of other boys and they were looking strangely at me and laufhing.
People started to whrite things on the board and to point at me.
It is a great failing of responsability for a theatre like yours to have a delay like this one.
Finally, the restarant where I would have liked to have dinner with friends after the show was closed, contrary to what was announced in the advertisement.
I'm writting to answer your questions but, first of all, to thank you for the prize.
I would like to travel in July because it is the school holliday here in Portugal and I will have the entire month to travel, so I have no preference for which weeks.
I'm looking forward to receving your letter.
I have to say that I am realy disappointed with your advertisement because you mentioned some points that are not true.
Secondly, another ploblem was the starting time. According to your advertisement, the play starts at 19.30 but instead it started at 20:15, this is almost an hour's delay.
The simpliest example of modern high technology is the introduction of the computer-better known as the PC.
Reserches has shown that almost every single household owns a PC. Some people use them for their job because they need it, but others, like children, use it just for fun.
Other examples that may not look like huge technological miracles are the TV, the microwave, the video, the satelite dish, the CD player and hundreds of others.
All thease play an important role in our daily life without us ever understanding them.
Those things can and do make our lives easier and more comfortable, but they take us away from our friends, our families and moreover they lead us to madness and cut off any relantionship with everything that suround us and keeps us alive.
I think that is going to be more confortable for me due to the fact that I am very sensitive to changes of temperature and I can't take the risk of catching a cold because, as you know, I'm going to start to work.
How are you? I'm fine and I am writting to you because I know that you want to know about my experience at a pop concert; I have to tell you that I did help there and it was very hard work. You can't imagin all the work that goes into preparing a concert.
I am writting to you to complain about the last Saturday evening performance at your theatre.
Finaly, I want to know what the weather is like in California in July.
The teacher uses video and pictures to teach students about festivals, sports, museums, ect.
Basketball is the most popular activity, whick takes place between 4:30 pm-6:30 pm from Monday to Friday every week.
I have recieved your letter and I am so glad I have won the first prize.
I have been practcing tennis for 2 years and I won the Under 16's U.S open tournament last summer.
I'm writting to complain about your theatre and its show last night.
Firstly I would like to say that I was very dissappointed with the show and that I didn't have the perfect evening out, as advertised.
The main character of the musical show, who I'd like to say wasn't the "BEST", was awfull.
And then, when I arrived at the theatre, I expected to have a discount but unfortunatly I didn't.
On top of all this, the theatre restaurant was closed because the shef and the waiters were on holiday.
I was very dissappointed, what else can I say.
It was supposed to be my perfect everning out.
In conclusion, I'd like to recoment that you should first know what you have to offer and then advertise it.
Yours sensirly
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I shouldn't have told her that my dad had physcological problems.
All these years I believed that my father was killed in a car accitend.
When one day Pat came over to my house, we started arguing about ordinary things and during our fite the subject of my father and his problems suddenly came up.
Pat started shouting and screaming, saying what was realy going on.
Also with weekend shopping, you can't find somewhere to sit down comfortaly to have a cup of tea.
According to your advertisement, it stars DANNY BROOK and TINA TRUELOVE, but surprisinggly, was proformed by a different actor of whom I didn't even know the name.
Nowadays, we use a lot of modern technology both at home and in the office but it has its aventage and disaventage.
The first and most important thing is that modern technology has made our life easier, for instance the rice cooker is a great invention, all you have to do is put rice in it and switch it on, it makes cooking more effeciently.
Furthmore, we use the computer and telephone a lot.
Mankind became more and more clever and built wonerful things thanks to his thoughts and his hands.
Although there are new machines etc, medicine makes many discoverts thanks to research into different diseases in order to make the population live longer.
I have won the first prize! I am extremly happy about this.
I can only take a holiday in July because I am going to start a new education at the beginn of August.
Staying in a tent will remind me of an unforgottable time.
Given the circumstances, I would like to learn more about Photograhy and painting.
Is it possible to pay by credit card or should I take travellers 'queckes?
I applied for a job at the ticket office because I hoped to see a lot of diffrent people.
I had to prepare the ingredians for every meal.
That meant I had to read the recipies very carefully.
I am writing to you to complate about the show "Over the Rainbow" at your theatre "The Circle Theatre".
I am deeply disapointed with the service and the unrealiable information at your theartre.
I am very disapointed by this.
You also mention that your show would start at 19.30 but to my knowleage it started at 20:15 and that meant fourty-five minutes of waiting.
It also mentioned other services would be availalde to the adicne.
For Example there were no discounts available and the theatre restaurant was closed after the show, when it was meant to be open after the show acording to the advertisement but it was closed dure to the delay with the preformane.
And I would like a refun. You have wasted my evening and money.
Synethetic have been created by scientis.
Clothes are now mass-produced and desing by desingers.
Desingres are unique in a way but their desings are sometimes more a pirce of art and not for everyday perposoe.
It is hard to imageine what people will wear in 100 years 'time, because since the 1900s clothes have reduce into smaller item and more preticle.
Maybe it would contine reducing in 100 years to come.
Scinetis might discover a new way to make clothes more fixalde.
It would provide you with a new type of material to cover your body and you could chosse what you want to wear by pressing bottons.
This would be very easy to mantage but it would mean no more shopping for girls.
It would be scarly to live in the new 100 years, but it would be interesting to see what will happen.
The next thing is that I would prefer a log cabine.
I was responsible for the advertisments and I also had to invite the "important people" from our governement.
It was realy a new job for me, but I think I did well.
There were two other problems: there were no discounts, contrary to the information in the advertisement, and the theatre restaurant was closed because of the repairement work.
However, she definetely deserved to have a private life as a citizen.
Thank you for your letter and for having informed me about the results of the competition. I also want to congratulate you on your exellent competition, thanks to which I have the opportunity to go to California, a place that I always wanted to go to.
About the trip, I think it would be preferable to do it in July, which is a holiday periode and so I won't have any special obligations.
Spending a lot of time in the same place in my opinion is the worst thing to do, specialy during a holiday!
Any little tournaments of this kind would be greateful.
Moreover instead of bying a ticket I went there for free, as a helper.
The pop concert was exellent and I had a lot of fun.
I AM WRITTING IN ORDER TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE SHOW THAT YOUR THEATRE PUT ON.
I WENT TO YOUR THEATRE WITH THE IDEA OF HAVING A GREAT TIME. UNFORTUNETELY, THINGS WENT VERY WRONG.
SECONDLY, THE SHOW WAS SUPPOSED TO START AT HALF PAST SEVEN IN THE AFTERNOON, BUT IT STARTED AT QUARTER PAST EIGH,
THAT IS FOURTY-FIVE MINUTES LATER! IT IS ALSO ADVERTISED THAT THERE WERE DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE. HOWEVER, THAT WAS ANOTHER LIE.
LASTLY, AFTER THAT AWFULL EXPERIENCE I TRIED TO VISIT YOUR THEATRE RESTAURANT, OF COURSE, I COULDN'T DO IT BECAUSE IT WAS CLOSED.
UNFORTUNETELY, PAT WASN'T VERY GOOD AT KEEPING SECRETS AND I DISCOVERED THAT TOO LATE.
THE CONCERT WAS PLANNED FOR THE FOLLOWIN FRIDAY, WICH WAS THE DAY AFTER MY TEACHER GAVE ME MY MARKS.
Dear Mr. maneger of The Circle Theatre:
Could you, if we may ask, reorganise our visit to the museum and also to the shopping center.
Perhaps we could spend our free time at the museum before going to the shopping center.
Whateaver you do, journalists should not follow you every second.
The problem is that most of the advertistment was misleading.
But the main reason for my complaint, is that in the advertistment it was said it would be my perfect evening out, and it was not.
And the best thing is that it entertaints me alone or with people.
I have just receised your letter and I thanck you for your invitation and congratulations.
As regards accomodation, I prefer a longer, Canadian tent in a quiet place because I am fond of nature and I would like to feel free in an informal setting.
I like competitive and changelling sports. I enjoy comparing my skill with other players and, if possible, I would rather not do indoor sports activities, but open air ones.
I have given a questionnaire to other students in my class to know their preferences regarding this choise and we all believe that the first lesson that should be filmed is philosophy.
The reason is that all students are interested in it and the teacher is so good at explaing problems that the whole class takes part in discussions about specific aspects of the subject.
Also the sports activities should be filmed; they express an aggregative and social way of living school life and can be useful to show the moviments of the bodies during the school athletics events.
The dancing lessons should also be filmed, especially because of the fascinating beauty of the girls and the elegance of their moviments.
We were interested in seeing the actors that appeard on the tickets and I was very disappointed when, in the show, we saw other actors.
I am looking fordward to hearing from you.
I'm looking fordward to hearing from you.
I have just recived your letter and I'm very happy because of it, especially becouse the competition was so hard.
Being at Camp California was one of the dreams of my life and now I can relaized it.
However, about accommodation, I'd prefer a log cabin, becouse it is more confortable than a tent.
Firstly, I was very embaracing during the concert, but all the staff were very kind to me and Tom too.
THE HISTORY OF THE HUMAN RACE IS THE HISTORY OF WORLD CONQUEST. THAT SAID, TECHNOLOGY HAS ADVANCED CONTINOUSLY SINCE THE BEGGINING OF MAN 'S EVOLUTION. FURTHERMORE, DURING THE LAST TWO CENTURIES, THERE HAS BEEN AN ENORMOUS TECHNOLOGICAL EXPLOSION. WHILE THE XIX CENTURY GAVE US THE STEAM ENGINE, FACTORIES AND THE ELECTRIC LIGHT BULB, THIS CENTURY HAS GIVEN US NUCLEAR ENERGY (AND SADLY ATOMIC WEAPONS), THE COMPUTER, THE INTERNET AND TELEVISION.
I'd like to tell you that the best month for me to travel to the U.S.A. is July because I will be on hollidays in that month.
I don't really worry about the accommodation at Camp California, but if I can tell you wich one I prefer I'll choose to stay in a tent.
The concert was in a massive club and the tickets were sold out. Marevellous!
Two days before I read an advertisment for this show, which said that Danny Brook was starring.
Apart from that, the show started at 20:15, not at 19:30, as it said in the advertisment and the theatre restaurant was closed when the show finished.
When I went to my bedroom I reliased that Pat had told my mother about the party, because no one else knew that my mother did not know that.
I am writting in order to complain about the musical show, the name of which is Over the Rainbow, which I saw in your theatre recently.
It was a pitty but it did not annoye me because I thought that the musical was good enough to pay £ 20 for.
After the show I decided to go to have a coffee and to smoke a cigarrete to try to calm myself and suddenly I could see that the restaurant was closed because it was the barman's day off.
I am very indignatged because I wasted my time and it was a horrible evening so I would like you to return my money and take note of all these problems.
Maybe it would be a nice idea to analize these changes and to put limits on technology, because I think that the most important thing is to understand our life and know the ways we can improve it.
Firstly, the show did not start on time but fourty-five minutes late.
This actor was not nearly as brilliant as Danny Brook and I would not have paied so much money if I had known this before.
The worst thing of all was that at the beggining of the show I realized that the actors were totally different from the ones advertised.
They were worse than the previst actors.
They believe that people in the future will wear confortable clothes because they will be outgoing, amusing, etc.
And people will wear cibernetic clothes but at the same time comfortable clothes.
I recived your letter recently, and I am really happy to learn that I have won the first prize.
About the acommodation during those two weeks, I would rather stay in a log cabin, as it is really difficult for me to stay in a little close room.
I had an induction climbing course two years ago, and I still climb regulary. I can do a V+ level climb.
Going out to spend a day shopping is something very popular. The shopping centers are always busy, with people going up and down carrying bags and looking in shop windows; it seems everbody is happy.
To sum up, shopping is not always enjoyable, but don't worry, the shooping center is still there waiting for you!
I can only travel in July because this is the mounth when I have holidays.
I've already talked to my manager, and she said that that's the only mounth I can have my holidays.
I've been playing tannis since I was seven, and I've been studying how to play tannis for a very long time, nine years.
You know how good I am at music Anyway I was helping at this pop concert to get the corect sounds. At the bigging I was conecting all these wires into spekers, music system, guitars etc... The bit that I particularly liked about the experience was when I was standing next to the singers and playing a guitar-you know how much I love playing guitar-and all these video cameras were just filming us.
I asked one of the cameramen when they're going to show this show on tv, and he told me they're going to show it on the 10 of June, so turn on your tv on this date, chanel three, and you will see me there playing this guitar. AH, it was lovely.
What I realised was they were not different from any of us but they were called celebreties.
I particularly liked listening to their musicians when they played the piano, clarinet, drums, violen etc.
Pat promised not to speak to anyone about the car, but one evening Philip overhead her speaking about this with her boyfriend: "It will be delievered on Thursday!
Furthermore, the show started at 20:15 while the advertisment said that it was going to begin at 19:30.
I am very surprised that such a reputable theatre like yours has been able to break all the promises that were made in the advertisment.
Of course, what was going to be a perfect evening out turned into a very disappointing evening, and I would be very greatful if you could refund me the price of my ticket.
Sciencist will invent new materials that will keep the body's temperature in a suitable range.
For that reason clothes will be simplier and more practical.
Of course, the resources used and the manufacturing will be completely harmless for the enviroment because people will be more aware of the neccesity of taking care of the world we live in.
And it's all the more tyring since you often wait for two weeks before getting it.
I think that this tendence will not change but what will change is life.
With regard to your International Arts Festival advertisment, I would like to share with you the pleasure I had to be part of the event and make some suggestions for next year's festival that you might take into consideration.
In your advertisment you mentionned that there would be artists and stars coming from all around the world, unfortunately I found out only six countries were represented.
The night he came into this world was one of grater for the habitants of the country and also of the town where he was born, it was an ordinary night.
To begin with, according to your advertisement, discount tickets are availabe.
The tickets were rather expensive, and the discounts mentionned in the advertisement weren't at all available at the theatre.
Pat was my friend, I trusted her and we got on very well untill she repeated to everyone the secret I had told her.
Regarding accomodation I'd prefer to sleep in a tent becaose I like beeing outside and hearing the noises of the sea.
a maths lesson, an English lesson, a swimingpool lesson, the break and the staff room.
-We could show the activities of the students during the break. For exemple, students who play football or volleyball.
We could find out what this room is like and what the teachers doin this misterious room.
I can be closer to nuture and I have never used tents before.
My parents were very pround of me.
My hands were sclumbling but I did it very well.
I'd like to say something that I felt during the festival, and give my opinions that would be helpul for you to prepare for the next festival.
People belive that the bird was sent from heaven.
So I am going to ask for a refund... I hope this isn't affending you too much...
When it comes down to color, I think it'll be much brighter and maybe glittery.
Colors to match the clothes.
First of all, I would like to thank you for doing such a good job organising the competition which I luckely won. I have been really very impressed.
In fact I will finish my university exams only on the first of July and after the 20th it is impossible because I am going to do four weeks 'volontary work in India for UNICEF.
If it is possible I would prefer to stay in a log cabin, because, in spite of my love for nature, I am terribly allergic to pollins.
Thank you very much for your attencion on my behalf
Why have so many people been infected by this "psychologic virus"?
We are always trying to have more things, which lead us to neglect our family, our future, and other things which are probably more important than a new perfum.
Maybe you think I am exaggerating but recent studies prouves that this mania can be really dangerous.
Certenly only the fact of having something can help people to be more sure of themselves.
Probably when Oscar Wilde said: "Superficiality is the suprem vice" he was right.
You cannot imagine our disappointment when we realised that the show had been posticipated to 20.15 instead of 19.30 and that the restaurant was closed because of repair work; as a matter of fact, after the show we only ate a hamburger in a fast-food restaurant.
She was so angry and felt so betrayed by Mr White that without any exitation she went to the school Headmaster to report everything she had seen.
I have just recieved the letter, which lets me know that I have won the first prize.
This is because I intend to take an examination in Septenber.
And recently, I have been practicing tennis as a school activity.
The reason I enjoyed it very much is that I could meet the vocalist during setting chairs just before they started practicing.
Can you send me a letter back writing what happend to you recently?
Finally, what kind of wheather is waiting for us?
Surprisily, there were no discounds.
She just remembered it ought to be a secret, and she became really embarassed.
I swim really well and I am a proffesional basketball player.
It all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favorite band.
I am writting to you about the show.
The woman who sold me a ticket was very roud to me, actually she started swearing at me.
They were just playing and, by acsident, Peter shot him.
He promised to keep it secret. The next morning we had an arguiment with Pat. The 3 of us were shouting at each other. In short, Pat left us.
Secondely, I am interested in trying something that I have never done, so I would like to do sailing.
First of all I have to say that the whole festival was a greatful success and I also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet.
Nearly at the end of this letter I have to say that the idea of the weekend ticket was really good because it gave the people the opportunity to attemp for a whole weekend for a cheap price.
I am writing with regard to your advertisment.
It was my favorite musical.
I was very hopefull that I was going to have a good time.
The worst thing is that I couldn't see my favorite actor.
I was so dissapointted about that.
I couldn't consentrate on the play any more.
In contrast to the advertisment everything was disapointing.
These days we can use a computer, television and some sophisticated equipment, which were unusuall once.
Children play with computers instead of the usuall toys.
There has been a change in the relatinships between people.
We have noticed the environmential damage in recent years.
I think this festival is a great idea because it's an opportunity to see and to appreciate art, but I also think there are some things thas could be changed.
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries insted that from around the world.
This choice doesn't give many artists the opportunity to expresse themselves.
I hope that my opinion can help you to organize for next year a great internation arts festival alone to young people.
I am writing to complain about a musical show on the 10th of June, and I was very disappinted.
I was promised that the star was Danny Brock but when I was there I saw another star that was completely different from your brochar.
According to your brochour, the show would start at 19.30 p.m. but it started at 20.15 p.m. I wanted to sleep and it was very anoying.
I was promised that after the show I could go to the theatre restaurant but due to the show starting late it aslo finished late, therefore, when I went to the restaurant they were deffinately closed.
I have a really good freind, Pat who I trusted and counted on.
One day, I fell in love with my closest freind.
We were stedy in the same class at school and he also knew Pat as well.
Personally, I wanted to keep it serets because I was afraid that we might split up.
And I would like to make sure that he relly loved me.
My boyfriend told me that he wanted to surprise his freind in his class when the time came.
One day I decided to tell my best freind-Pat, who I relied on.
I told her everything abat my boyfreind and when we met each other and evertauly fell in love.
On Monday morning, I walked into the class and all of my freind were shouting at me and calling my name and my boyfreind.
I was very ambaressed and I wanted to run out of the class.
I recived your letter and I am very excited about the camp.
I would like to goin July, I don't mind wich two weeks, but it has to be that month because in June I am still in school and in August I am going on holiday with my family.
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I think it's different from where I sleep every night so I would apreciate it if there are still tents available.
Here is where the good part starts, I was doing the courtines (opening and closing) when Nick came up to me and asked me to go on stage with him. My heart started beating very hard.
DANNY BROOK is one of my favorite actors so I decided to buy a ticket even though I had to cancel my apointment on that day at 18.30 and aslo notice of price discount impressed me.
However, when I got to the theatre, you not only didn't have any discounts but also had to apologize to us for the dalay in starting the musical.
In addition a different actor appeared on the stage and I couldn't have dinner after the musical because the restrant was closed.
It made me so dissapoint and angry.
You should return my money immedeastry because that night was far from parfect.
When all the money had gone from a bank, nobady was there except Pat.
Then the police realized who the bank robbers were and arested them.
I'm writing to answer the questions that you sent me in the last letter, so referring to the question of when I would like to travel, I would like to go anytime during July, because I have to be back home in August, because I need to apply and get everithing sortted out, to go to college next September.
And referring to the question about wich type of accommodation I prefer, I choose a log cabin, because I think that a tent is messier, so I would appreciate it if you give me a cabin.
And my answer to the question about wich activities I would like to choose, well I choose swimming, because it is my daily excercise, and surfing.
And well, Mrs Helen, I would really apprecciatte it if you sent me back a letter with all the answers to my questions.
Yours trully
Well here in Dublin things are still the same, but I think somebody told you that I went to the Moby concert here at the Point, wich is the big venue for events and concerts. I guess it was the best concert I've ever been to, but the coolest thing is that, well do you remember my friend Luke, the one that works as a security guard? Well he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage, so I went to help them and everithing else, and when I got to the Point, do you know who was there?
Can you believe it, it was Moby. So I went to say hello to him, and he asked me, 'Would you give me a hand with my decks?' So I went, and when we finished he gave me a T-shirt and a gold pass to see the concert from the first row. Oh my God, Kim, that was the best thing that ever happened to me. Well Kim, I hope to recieve a letter from you soon, and please tell everybody about the Moby concert and everything, thank you.
It is wonderful for me to have the opportunitie to visit Camp California in the U.S.A.
I think this topic is so exciting from the antropological and psicological point of view, because we can studie the subject's reactions before, during and after shopping.
For men and women appearance is important and they spend a lot of money buying clothes, cosmetics, accesories, jewellery etc.
I think in the near future we need to decide with the goverment
which special place in the town will be lefet just as a comerical area, but of course with all the facilities to get there, like a big supermarket and mall centre, from different areas of the city.
IN ADITION TO THIS, I DID NOT HAVE ANY DISCOUNT ON MY TICKET.
Firstly, the actor was supposed to be Danny Brook, but he was not, it was another actor, who I have never seen before, so, as you can imagen, I was very disappointed.
Maria talked to Pat about the stupid thing that she had done, but Pat refused to apologaising to her, because she felt it wasn't a mistake and she did it for only one reason: to help Maria to get the man that she loved.
First of all, we would like to thank you very much for organising such a wonderfull trip with an interesting programme.
It is a coinsidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage of.
This is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have authograps from.
I personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them, point and ask for authopraps.
It may, in many cases, not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know there is no private life unseparately contected to it.
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts Fesival I attended last weekend.
Firstly, I would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an International Arts Festival is fantastic, but in your advertisement it said that I would find stars and artists from arround the world, when, in fact, they were from only six countries.
Secondly, I belive you should know that a lot of people, including me, were not able to enjoy the concerts because some concert halls were too small.
Last but not least, I would like you to know that I think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event separatelly.
Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilitles we will be using.
This is because people won't give up the great taste of food. Although it could be subsituted with a vitamin pill or two.
Lastly, I think that all these changes won't really be noticed as we change things daily and slowly instead of abruptedly.
Some people think that being a famous person is a very excuiting thing, that all the time this makes you feel complete and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well.
I believe that if somebody wants fame and glory he must be tottally clear about the results.
Another succesfull carreer such as, film stars must also be balanced.
If somebody wants to be famous of cource they must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her.
It doesn't matter what kind of carreer or job you have.
Firstly, I'm writing to thank you for the great opportunity you are giving us, especially in planning all this programme in such an acurate way.
Also, this show is free (another positiu point).
I mean I don't think we'll change cars into aereoplanes...
In conclusion, I strongly believe that the house of the future will be the house of a new awareness. It will be a very positiu point for opening up our lives.
Technical and Warm Home People's way of life has been changed considerably by rapdily developing mordern technology.
Since the eletric fire and microwave oven had been invented, their lives have been far easier than before.
I was enthusiatic about receiving your letter. I will give you all the necessary information.
You can't imagine how many people are involved in the organization of a concert. Apart from the musicists and the singers, there are people who work with lights, who organize the security... it was so exciting!
I've recived your letter and I am pleased to have won because I needed some days to relax and to leave the city, which is very extressing.
I can travel in July only because I am working in an office and I must ask my boss for a holiday and it's the mounth he can give me one, so I hope that isn't a problem for you.
I would prefer to spend the two weeks in a tent, that's, in my opinion, a way to be nearer the enviroment and the animals, although I don't mind staying in log cabins.
To sum up, everything you doin small cuantities is good and fun, but don't encrease the amount you do if you don't want to feel uncomfortable.
Well my friend, I have to go, because I have got an appoinment with the Dentist.
How much mone do you recommend me to bring with me?
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen, probably by a gypsie.
I had to buy my dress, its accesories and also clothes and souvenirs!
Thank you for choosen our ticket at the final.
It would be great if we could choosen swimming and golf.
Finally, we would like to know when you will send us the airline tickets and the tripbrochure.
You are interessted in my last job! I really want to tell you all about my experience.
In addition, it was nine days of hard work to mount all the different spot and houndreds of Coblights in the right place.
Finally, we worked the hohl night befor the concert.
We had to adjust the laser extremly carefully to get it in the correct position.
Finally you said there was a Restaurant, but it was closed, so we couldn't eat anything untill we got home.
I have choosen these activities because these days I am playing on the university team, and photography is my favoorate hobby.
Is it necesarilly to bring any money?
I am writen to you to tell you about my experience at a pop concert.
It began when our mutual friend Martha ofered me the chance to help organise the concert. Obviously I accepted.
Now I can tell you that it was an amaizing challange for me because I had never done anything like that.
My duties as a staff member were various. The firts day I had to pick the bands up from the airport, and for this I hired a van.
I am very disappointed because the things that were writen in the advertisment were not really true.
It was writen that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
Danny Brook is one of my favorite actors and there appeared a different one.
I felt very disapointed.
The musical should have begun at 19:30, but it started at 20:15; this is inacceptable!
As you say in your advertisment, it was not my perfect evening out and therefore I would like to have my money back.
On the other hand, the main disadvantage is that using modern machines can be very difficult for ederly people; it would be very pratitable if the modern industries trained people to use modern technologies.
I'm writting to you to thank you for the excellent programme for our English class in London, especially for the river trip to Greenwich. It will be a great experience for us.
But the students in our class have seen an adverstisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show", which will take place in the Central Exhibition Hall, London, on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00. At the same time we have to go to the Science Museum but we would all like to go to the show.
Please let us know as soon as you make your decission.
This book helps us to impove our logic, mind, and memory and it teaches the reader not to lie, to be more honest with other people and pay attention to the smallest details in our life because sometimes that can help us very very much.
In fact, shopping can have some disavantages for different reasons:
It became scencial to doing my homework.
The place I'd prefer to stay in is a log cabin, where I'm sure I'd feel more confortable than in a tent.
I think I'm not bad at painting either; at least everyone in my family likes my work, includying myself.
If it is possible I want a log cabin for my accommodation because I have been suffering with my back since my childhood, therefore I need a confortable place to sleep.
I selected swimming because it is a cure for my backace and I have not done it since I started my new job five years ago.
On the other hand, shopping can be disenjoyable.
Peter and Sue asked Francis for some help with their exam subjets and Francis, all week, was too busy to help them.
I looked at her and she became pale and suddently left the class.
Recently, some students have seen an advertisment about a fashion and leisure show in London. It will be on the 14th and we all want to go.
So, it would be greatful if you could give us this opportunity to watch the show.
At that time he was unconcious. I kept asking myself 'Should I wake him up or try to use my dubious first aid skills to help with him."
Can you please give me some recomendations about the clothes I will need and also the cost of the food there to plan my budget.
I start thinking about what she or he prefers and I try my best to buy something apropiate no matter how much money it costs.
In conclusion most of the time that you spend shopping you put a lot of effort into choosing things and making decissions and they are more or less important, or more or less enjoyable depending on what, why, where and who is the person that you are interested in pleasing.
I AM WRITING WITH REFERENCE TO THE LONDON TRIP WE ARE MAKING PRERY SOON.
WE ARE REALY INTERESTED IN THIS SHOW.
WE THINK IT IS A GREAT OPORTUNITY, BECAUSE AS YOU KNOW, WE DON'T HAVE ACCESS TO THAT KIND OF SHOW IN THIS CITY.
IN CASE YOU DECIDE TO CHANGE THE PROGRAMME, WE SUGGEST GOING TO THE SHOW ON TUESDAY AND ON WENSDAY, INSTED OF FREE TIME, VISITING THE SCIENCE MUSEUM.
YOURS SINCERLY,
I WAS LIVING QUITE CLOUSE TO PORTOBELLO ROAD BUT I DIDN'T KNOW THE AREA VERY WELL BECAUSE ALL THE TIME I JUST HAD TO GET OFF AT THE COURNER OF MY STREET. BUT THAT DAY, AS I WAS KIND OF DRUNK, I DIDN'T REALISE THAT THE BUS TOOK A DIFFERENT ROUTE. SO, WHEN I NOTICED IT, THE DRIVER WAS ALREADY ASKING ME TO GET OFF, BECAUSE WE WERE IN THE GARAGE IN PORTOBELLO.
I TOLD HIM I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE I WAS, BUT HE JUST SEID SORRY.
I WAS REALY SCARED.
THERE WERE SOME PEOPLE AROUN BUT I WAS AFRAID TO ASK THEM THE WAY.
AFTER FILLOWING HIM FOR 10 MINUTES, I STARTED TO RECOGNISE THE PLACE, AND I WAS FEELING MORE CONFORTABLE.
Definetely, it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate it if it is possible to have my money back.
I thought that Dany Brook, who is my favorite actor, would perform in that show.
Please, if you would be so kind correct this mistake. I would be gratefull if you could correct too that show starts at 20.15 not on 19.30.
Another thing was that there were no discounts available, and that the restaurant, which I wanted to visit after the show, was closed because of the main cook sikness.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I knew that he's a very talkative person, but it was nessesery because I wanted him to be the main organiser of that birthday party for tenes.
I made beautifull invitations for all of Agatha's friends with a note: "Do not tell Agatha about this. This is a suprise party for her. Please keep the secret!" Pat arranged a great DJ and drinks.
My friend and I made the perfect decorations with ballons and other party stuff.
It was so exaiting!!!
Enyway the disco was great, music also.
And your last festival was very intresting too.
But also there are some notes that you should improve in next year's festival to make it absolutelly wonderful.
I think that one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is an exellent idea because it isn't so expensive as buying a ticket for each event, and with this ticket you can visit everything you want.
So the main rule in our school is regarding theachers.
I have choosen as my activities surfing and photography.
How is the wheather in California?
Afterwards, I felt tired and unsatisfy with the store.
I'm very happy that I won first prize in your competion.
I can come to USA in July becouse in August I will be working with my father.
You offer a great veriety of activities.
I have qustions too.
People alwas queued for stuff from the west.
Nowadays we have capitalism, free market, lots of privete shops, markets and supermarkets.
They are imported from enother Western European country.
I apprieciate these shops for lots of products, cheap prices and big spaces.
On Friedy evening and on the weekdays all supermarkets are crowded.
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you told me I have won first prize in your competion.
Now I am answering your questions and then I would like to know some further information about travel and accomodation.
For istance, it is fun to enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a T-shirt although you do not buy anything.
CONCERNING THE ACCOMMODATION-PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT I WOULD PREFER THE LOG CABIN AS IN THE MEANTIME I SHOULD WORK ON MY LAPTOP, PREPARING SOME FINANCIAL REPORTS SO ELECTRICITY WILL BE NEEDED. I THINK THAT THE LOG CABIN WILL BE MORE COMFORTABLE OVER ALL. REGARDING TWO ACTIVITIES-I HAVE CHOOSEN TENNIS AND PHOTOGRAPHY.
PEOPLE LIKE DOING SHOPPING (ASPECIALLY IN POLAND, WHERE MANY NEW AND MODERN SUPERMARKETS HAVE BEEN OPENED) LADIES PREFER TO VISIT UNDERWEAR SHOPS OR DEPARTMENTS IN HUGE HIPERMARKETS AND MEN ARE HAPPY WHEN THEY CAN BUY SOMETHING NEW FOR THEIR CARS, MOTORBIKES OR COMPUTERS.
ANYWAY EVERYBODY SHOUD DO SHOPPING AS PEOPLE NEED TO EAT, NEED CLOTHES AND MANY OTHER IMPORTANT THINGS TO LIVE.
Furthermore, I prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and my fasinative for art and enjoy taking photographs of wildlife.
Sorry I haven't written to you for such a long time, but I've got a good excute!
What a surprise! And unbelieveable, I was responsible for looking after the pop stars.
But, I got through it. I had to take care of them during the break, serving drinks, clothes, I even brought them some cigaratte and anything they wanted.
What I most appreciated was that they gave me their latate CD with their signatures. Marvellous thing! And of couse, as you have seen, I've given one to you.
I'm sorry but I am very dissapointed with the show.
We arrived on time but the show was delayed untill half-past eight.
Moreover, we weren't given any disscount for beeing students.
Maybe the eason for that is very simple: lack of money?
It may sound funny, but mud, gravel and snow lying on the school floors is not a nice sight, so we change our schoes without questioning that rule.
Also, in Augost I will be studying a summer course in English.
Also, I felt wonderful when I saw that the concert was a success and every day it was croweded.
All the students would be very greatful.
We call home the place where we live or the country where we come frome.
Working long hours, doing plenty of activieties, going out, going on holidays.
Propably in the future we may be too busy to go to our own home and spend some time there.
Finally, we went to the restaurant in your theater after the show.
It was closed because of the staff trainning.
It is believed that our lifestyle has been changed by mordern technology such as computers and washing machines etc.
First of all, dishwashers are very effecient for me because I work full-time and look after my children.
In my opinion, morden technology makes our life easier.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. That was why our great plan for our horiday was not be real.
It happened last summer. We planned to go on holiday in the Southen part of Thailand by motorbike but we couldn't tell our parents because they wouldn't allow us to go.
Whlile I was standing on the beach, suddenly I heard someone call my name and say that I had to go home. That is right, it was my mum.
I am writing in reply to your letter I received yestarday.
'As I have a choise I would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so dependent on weather conditions.
Last year I took part in a photograher's contest and I won a second prize in Poland in the cathegory of,, beautiful scenery ''.
But you could give me a chance to get more familier with it.
Have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want, looking throug shelves and not finding that in the end.
Moreover, you could face an agressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager.
These are some points I want to mention about the differencies between what the advertisement said and the realities.
It was so boaring to wait for the show in a noisy and hot theatre.
It was the most imperfect evening out I ever exprienced.
It took quite a long time to adjust to the multi culture in the language institue.
Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together on the weekend usally.
And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afteroon.
I am writting to thank you for your letter confirming that I won the first prize in your competition.
But I have finally got around to writing and you'll see that it's definitely been worth waiting for as I have some great and unbeliavable news to tell you.
You will see why I'm describing it as the most unforgettible one when you read through my letter.
She invited me to the rehearsal of a huge consert by a singer who is a well-known pop star as well as my favorite.
Despite the fact that I felt exhausted I must admit that it was one of the days I will never forget througout my whole life
But if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacity the media has to respect that.
Second, the show started at 20:15, althoug I read that it would start at 19:30!
How has modern techology changed my daily life?
When Thomas Adison invented electric light, it was the greatest invention for people of that centure.
I mean, almost everyone now has a car, a computer, a mobil phone and even an airplane.
Coocking has become faster with the help of the microwave.
They become lazy because they know that they can sit on the sofa and change the channels on the TV by pressing a boton.
This would be a great opportunity for us because we are all intrested in clothes, sports and fashion.
There is also Hercule Poirot, the famous detective, and he finally solves the mistery.
And another question is what are the prices of things like there, which I want to know so that I can make a better buget for my trip.
The place where we worked was a football pitch; we spent 3 days setting up the stage, the equitment, and the lights.
I only put the speakers in the right places, or helped the engieners test the lights.
But in the breaks and after work, I had a chance to talk with the engieners, and I leant something about setting up the equitment.
Finally, the day of the concer came.
After the concer finished successfully, I was happier than ever because the success inclueded my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life.
According to your advertisement, the starrings were DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE.
I decided to go to see this show because of its starrings, but on the day I saw it, a different actor performed.
Before using e-mail, I used to write letters and sometimes used the telephon.
Secondally the show started late and I had to wait for 45 minutes doing nothing.
If you compare the fashion now with that of 100 years ago, you'll notice that there are incredably big differences between them.
It's like a joke, but a bit scarely.
There was no discount at all, which was in contrast with 'Discounts Availabe'.
Concerning the fashion of the future, I think it depends on people's personalities and they develope their own styles which suit them the most.
As for the colours, I think metalic colours, especially silver, will be the most popular.
As different kinds of farbics will be invented and the clothings will never be just cotton as always been seen.
Maybe paper can also be a farbic used to make clothing and for those who like to wear new clothes every day.
While I'm stayin there I would like to practise tennis and basketball, as I have been playing both sports all my life, and I have to say that I am very good at both.
And that is allways what we want.
A huge que that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out.
I'm writing to you inform you about the dissapointing evening I had when I went to your theather to see the play called "OVER THE RAINBOW".
According to the advertisement you published, there should have been some important differents to the production I saw.
Finally, I want to tell you that it is not useful for you and your theather to cheat your customers. If you do that, there will be no bussiness for you and no satisfaction for them.
I look fordwad to hearing from you
Emilio Almodar, 18 years old, University Student, and the career I have choosen is in Internacional Commerce or Market.
In addition to this we use the net to comunicate with some friends we have in the U.S.A. It's really amazing.
Maybe some people will be nakid.
Last but not least there are some things I would like to know: What kind of wheather do you have in California?
That means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores, where no one has time for you to help you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for you, no one to talk to and no one to complaine to.
That is the most important reason why I only like to go shopping in small stores, where I have peace and quiet and very often nothing to complaine about.
I am writting in reply to your letter. I am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
About the information that you need, I must tell you that I will be able to travel only in July becase I have got a new job and I can't ask for more than one month of holidays each year and in the other months I will be very busy becase my workmates will take holidays in these months.
Regarding the accomodation, I would prefer a tent becase it is more appropriate to a camp.
And regarding the activities, I must choose Photography and Painting becase I am not very good at sports and I think I do well at these things.
Here I am, writting to you to tell you everything about my wonderful experience at the concert.
When the concert started, I was preparing some drinks for the band because after the concert they would be very tired and tersty.
In order to celebrate the 125th aniversary of the city, the Coun Council organised an open air concert.
Although I was very nervious, I knew I could do the job well.
I am writing to express my dissapointment with the play "over the rainbow", which is showing at the Circle Theatre.
Finally, when I asked about the discounts, an agressive employee refused to answer me.
Defineteley, I want my money back as soon as possible.
So, I told Pat that Lynne was ugly, fat like a cow, and extremely agressive.
But, well, the unhappiness started with Pat and my reveilled secrets.
Organise your shows better and do not exagerate with publicity!
Despite this, I'm convinced all this progress has caused some damage to the community, not only phisically.
Finally, everyone should slow down his own life's rythm.
Second of all, the play was suposed to start at 19:30, but it started at 20:15.
To finish my "marvelous" evening, I wanted to eat at your restaurant, but it was closed and no reason was given.
I was punished, nearly expelt, but Pat didn't receive any punishment.
According to your advertisment I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all.
One of the reasons for my visiting your show was Danny Brook's participance.
To make matters worse, the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisment was closed.
So I didn't have such a perfect evening as was promised in your advertisment.
In fact there were a lot of mistakes in your advertisment and I would be gratefull if you could give me back a part of my money.
On the one hand, the Internet is often used for entertaiment, but on the other hand it's also used in different business and education processes.
If we are talking about accomodation then accomodation in tents would be great-I love being close to nature.
I am not talking about some kind of achivements in those discipines but they are my big pasion
Unconected part of all people's lives is shopping.
As a teenager I must addmit that there is nothing more enjoyable than shopping.
It's like,, walking in the clouds,, you feel like you are flaing.
Choosing gives me such great pleasure because I never have to worry about vere I get money for my wishes.
It's hard for me even to emagine a situation when shopping is not enjoyable.
Probably it is one of the moments when you want something baddly and you can't have it.
I hope your questions have been answered appropriatly.
Instead of tranditional telecommunications, we can talk by, e-mail or even see each other with the help of a computer network.
Among the large number of choices, this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers, a charming story and one of the most representative examples of Catalonian modernisme art.
We looked at every hotel in town, trying to give you the best offerd.
You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very cassual clothes.
Finally, on the last day I sugget you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around.
The aim of this report is to recomend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Musseum.
I asked some pleople in town and this was the best place to choose.
The Fuerte de Sandiego Musseum was built at the time when the Spanish people were trying to take all the lands from Mexico, one of the most important people who was at front of the Fuerte was Hernon Cortez, the first Spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time.
The Musseum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco.
This invention has made our lives easier and quickier.
Service: It is over 100 years old but it is kept in good condition by the local people, who are proude of this castle.
It is a different expirience.
History: At the castle there are always a few guides, who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle (when it was built, by whom and why), which makes everyone enthousistic.
I recomment visiting this castle, because it is interesting, marvelous and something different.
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different expirience and a lesson too.
Finally, there are a lot of mouseum in our town. Therefore, I would suggest going to the frogs museum, which is really fashinating.
subject: Arboriginal Art Museum.
The aim of this report is to discribe the biggest building of our town.
b) The building was buit in 1999. Therefore, it is an example of modern architecture.
In addition to this, we have chosen the luxuery Palace Hotel, which is comfortable enough and in a good location.
Cars, boats, motobikes, airplanes: Who has never used them once?
In this world, where the nations fight to be the best one couldn't be diferent, the airplane became the most important thing in the war.
The best way is definetely by air.
Thank you for your lettre.
The bus will pick you up right at your hotel entery.
You do not have to wear spezial clothes, just wear what you always wear.
On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on eatch side.
It was rebuilt in 1948 because of the Secound World War, when it had been demaged.
The tower is absolutly marvelous.
I receved your letter and I'm happy to help you. We booked the Palace Hotel for your group. It's nice and quiet.
When you go out of the hotel turn right and go stright on; turn right again at the first crossroads.
In the big room where we'll have the party, there'll be some picturs of our college. You'll see all the generations who passed through here.
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel, and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube. The location of the conference is then five minutes by footh.
For the party I suggest you wear classic clothes; maybe something black and not red or pink. I am going to wear classic black trousers and a white jorsey-it might be that this information gives you some idea too.
I am sorry to hear that Richard Brown isn't well and hope he'll get better soon. I am more than happy to give you the nessessary information.
Regarding what you could doin your free afternoon on the day you leave I would suggest you take the students to our History Museim.
There is also a gift shop in there, where your boys and girls can buy some soveniers for their families and friends.
More and more people are learning how to drive and choosing to travel by car, because it saves a lot of time comper to travelling by public transport.
You don't have to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a late bus, or be stuck on a train for an hour due to some railtrack repairs. You can just jump into a car, tune your radio to your favourite station and have a plesant drive to your distanation.
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutelly love it!
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music, as I brought some cassets with me from Thailand.
I took a driving-theory test last October and I passed it and I will take a pratice driving test very soon.
It is called the Palace Hotel, and we hope that it is going to meet your expectetions.
I strongly reccommend you to use public transport in order to get there, because you may find other types of transportation quite expensive.
Moreover, you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours, untill 10:00 pm.
After that our college has organised a barbequiou night, with traditional local music that you must not miss.
I hope that you will find my information helpfull.
THE HYSTORICAL MUSEUM
Without any doubt, it is a hystorical place which provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of Greek history during the passing of the centuries.
Don't miss the chance to visit the hystorical museum, located in the heart of the capital city.
The hystorical museum is simply a symbol, a proof of what the Greeks have always considered as a fundamental principle: their freedom.
There are five diffrent floors, each of them presents a diffrent chronical period of Greek history, starting from the period before the birth of Juisus and concluding with the revolution of 1967.
Inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of hystorical books, maps etc.
If you really want to discover what Greek history means, we strongly recommend you to visit the hystorical museum!!!
When you are in the bus station you will catch bus number 37, which will go to the town center.
Anyway the college is the first road on your right from the town center.
Architecture: It is a typical from this epoque with beautiful drawing on the wall and first kind of writing in the sports center.
They decided to build more schools, especially in Switzerland because the people there were considerated clever.
The people who will attend the party include many professers, semi-professers and faculties.
Firstly, there is the acquerium in the building.
I hope when you visit you will be favorite place.
Firstly, Palace Hotel has been booked for the group's accomodation and I spoke with the hotel manager about travelling to the conference.
I am writing in reply to your letter about the internation student conference.
And the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach, as there are about 35 internation students, and they are all strangers here.
A big Buhha was built in 1997 just next to the temple, and it is the largest outdoor Buhha in the world.
It is easy to get there and free amittion.
On the other hand, Hong Kong is known as a highly commerical city, and you could find something different in Po Lin Temple.
To hear the voice of the person you love is a feelling that is hard to describe; it's wonderful and so real. You can imagine their face clearly.
I had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in tuch through e-mail.
With reference to the information that you have requested, the hotel that has been booked is the Holiday Inn, in New Port and to get to the University of Wales, wich is not far from the hotel, you only need to take a divertion where clearly indicate Carleon and once you are on the main road, all you need to do is to follow the country road which takes you directly to the place.
As for the last day, I would suggest you make a visit to the locall museum and the ruins of the Castle.
In the first you will find a very intresting collection of Roman remains, also you can visit another section wich is supoused to be a Roman site.
I always had considered myself to be very looky to be born in the century because of all the amaizing human inventions.
However, I feel that at the moment there should emerge more grups to control this development because of the industrial polution that has been created and it seems that it's very little, what is being done at the moment in relation to our embiroment.
I think that it will be nice for the end-of-conference party if you invite somebody to sing and give the students the time to enjoy theirselves and to dance.
First of all we need the telephone in our house because it's important to make a call if you need something or if something happend to your house and nobody is with you.
In the past people didn't have electicity and if they wanted, for example, to read or to cook something they used to light a fire.
You must have a TV because you can liten about what is happening in the world and you can see some places that you haven't been to.
I'm very glad to be able to help you out with such a sutiation.
At the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a breake to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea. That is also amazing.
Yours sincerley,
I am writting to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conferents and other points in relation to it.
With the Internet you can comunicate with people in different places of the world at the same moment.
I am writing to inform you that I have recieved a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college.
For those students who are very interested in shopping, clothes shops, jewellery, stationery, bookshops, fashion and beauty departments and many more are availiable.
For those who want something more exciting and advanturous, you are recommanded to visit the Fun Fair and amusement arcade on the top floor of the building.
I am writting in connection with your letter about the international student conference.
You will never regred about my suggestion.
If you need more information let me knowe.
I've recieved your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you are going to organise very soon. Here you have a little help for it.
First, I'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is "The Palace Hotel", wich is situated at the center of the town.
It is a well-situated town with a lot of museums to visit, especially "the History Museum", wich I visited last year, and I think you will enjoy it.
It's imposible Nowdays to imagine a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business.
The answer was always the same: "Imposible".
An old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad studing computers at "Chicago University". She told me that every night she expected a call from her son, because her was the line of the hapiness.
However, there was one persone wich told me he wasn't happy at all with the phone, because he used to writte a lot, especially at Christmas when he wanted to wish all his friends a very nice Christmas but now everybody phones him, ending a very old tradition.
Firstly, about your accomodation, the college which I belong to offers visitors free accomodations with full of facilities
This party is unlikely to be that formal, but I recommend you don't wear jeans and trainners.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it and maybe become familier with our culture.
These days, we're sorrounded with so many different kinds of products which our ancestors invented.
Let us try to appreciate thier importance again.
When you take the class on computer programming, you will definetly need one and that holds true for the class on politics, because you have to study statistics on your computer to do social research and some analysys.
My professor said, 'Go and get familier with your computer, otherwise you'll fail'.
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we useually use without thinking.
At the end of the conference there will be a reseption at the hotel.
Lots of books, papers, lots of things on the tabels.
Computers have helped to improve health because in this century we can use them in medical operations. Doctors can manage the most extreme operation easyly and confedantly.
No matter where you are, what you do, apparantly, you need electricity.
For your last day I think it would be interesting to vistit our historic and famous city centre.
People now had the chance to move to faraway places to spend their leassure time, to relax, or just to see something different than their home.
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel, which is situated in the city center, 15 minutes 'walk from where the conference takes place.
The group has been booked into a comfortabel and well-situated hotel, whose name is the "Palace Hotel".
Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but something that is special is our cathedrale.
Finally, I am sure you and your group will spend some enjoyable, realaxing days here.
It is well known in almost all families, often with a lot of different cannels.
I cannot imagine living without televison, it is something that we need for our education, and for getting news and other helpful information.
Nowdays everyone has a telephone.
Nowadays we are very bussy and we don't have free time to see our friends, but we can call them and talk or chat with them.
The telephone is a very important invention if we can use it correctly without using it as a type of entertaiment as many people do nowadays.
However, if you're interested in Archeology you should vitis the History Museum in Garden Square.
In the last fourty years people seem to have become completely addicted to using their car.
In fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carring our lugguage and shopping bags.
For example, in the past it would had been extremely exhausting to travel on a hourse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of optionals to choose from.
On the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allowe us to get about quickly.
There are eye-max cinema, museums, a garelty.
Pusan Castle is locted in the South of Pusan.
It was built four hundread years ago.
With reference to your letter which I recived yesterday, I would like to give you some details about the international student conference, also the acomodation and activities that are planned during this week.
I hope this letter aswer all your questions, if you whant to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter.
The aim of this report is to give some information about the new Acapulco resart buildings which were built 10 years ago. They are some of the first buildings that were built with the latest tecnonology and designed by an important Mexican arquitector.
In addition, the resort has an interesting historical background concerning the arquitectory and the best facilities and activities that you could have in Mexico, for example, it provides different kinds of tours around Mexico.
In spite of the disadvantages, I would strongly recomended students and the public to visit the new Acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience learning about the buildings 'history and at the same time travelling around Mexico.
For the end-of-conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us with live music and cattering.
Finally, to fill your free afternoon I would definitely recomend visiting the cathedral and having a walk arround the old part of the city. If you want, it will be my pleasure to show you the area.
Chairs are not only part of the forniture, they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums where they are art objects.
The world is packed with so many tipes of chairs, from the common woden ones to the most sophisticated and comfortable others finding a basic range of prices.
From my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most usefull gadget ever invented.
Some people use them in their work, others wish to sit in one by the end of the day and for some other people a wheelchair represents the possibility of mouvement.
I phoned the tourist information office last week and I got some information about the accomodation for the students.
As requested, the aim of this report is to assess the suitbility for a group of American students of the visit to the Etruscan Museum.
It contains lots of archeological Etruscans founded and some remains from the Estruscans 'neoropolis.
Also there are some free handphones that explain the history of the museum.
Although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students, I strongly reccomend it for their excursion and because of their interests.
In my oppinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line.
Basicaly, during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in London.
Are you always happy when your telephon rings?
Since I have been travelling around the world, I would have imagined beeing in touch with my family or friends without the Internet or my mobile phone.
This is an International student party, so I suggest you wear tradional costume.
You can inform all the students that they can take some tradional food to the party.
It inculds a labrary,
II suit, academic rooms, a GYM Club and a restuarant.
There is a very big labrary.
Just in the same building, you can find a restuarant.
They can also talk with British students to communiate study experience.
The group has been booked into the "Maria Luisa" Hotel, which is situated in the center of Wimbledon called Wimbledon Village.
The purpose of this report is to give a brief discription of the Academy of Art in St Petersburg.
This building is situated on the magnificent bank of the Niva River with an exellent view of the Hermitage Museum.
The building was built by a very famious Russian architect and is a marvellouse example of Russian classic architerture of the XVIIIth century.
In the Academy of Art you can find the oldiest art libarary, with a wide range of books, and the Museum of Russian Art, with a huge collection of paintings, sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries.
For example, I work for a bank, and we need to have weekly meetings with our Director living 800 kilometers away, and he doesn't have to come here, we just have a phone conference where everybody can talk, and that is it!
Finally, on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggest you go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museam because this museam is the biggest in the world now. It is up to you.
for Example, THAILAND, the United States of America, INDONISIA and CANADA.
Therefore I am thinking of selling my car, which has changed my life over the last 10 years, which has given me a kind of freedom, which has gone with me to all sorts of fantastic places, and changed my life for a new life: whithout a car.
Finally we enjoy a disco party so you should wear a suiteable dress.
So he crimbed on the radder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there "what happened?"
Jane expained that situation and they understood her.
I am writting to give you the information that you asked me for.
From there you can get a taxi, catch the number seven and eleven buses, wich both take you very close to the conference centre, and also you can go by underground to get there.
Then, after the Conference, there will be a formal party at the group's hotel, wich starts at 9:00 pm and finishes at 12:00 midnight.
Yours Sincerelly
Hampton Court Palace is localizated in Hampton Court.
For the last day, we have arranged a small party in the hotel. Then we all set off to go on a sightseeing tour of Bromley town center for about two hours before you leave for the airport.
Bromley town center is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London.
We definately need light to keep on. I dare say, without light, our life would go into a dark, dark hell.
I am writting to you to answer your question about the conference in London. Thank you for your letter.
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to has been booked into the Palace Hotel in the center of London from the 24th of June until the 25th of June.
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlman a dark suit.
1) "Fontana di Trevi" sited in Trevis Square in the center of Rome.
1) First of all, they are located in the center of Rome so they can take a bus to get to them move and around the city.
Regarding your last question I can sugest visiting the Royal Castle.
Actually it is a whole complex, the Old and the New Castle, the Cathedrall and the very interesting undergroud part with its amazing crypts.
And if you climb to the top of the main tower-the keep-you will see unforgetable views of a white toun.
You will find there an amazing collection of old weapons, armores and, we are especially pround of it, the great collection of swords.
After that I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurands located at the New Castle.
I am sure that should be enought for a one-day trip.
Please note that alchocholich drinks are only sold untill 11pm.
Coming back to ideas and Suggestions, I've promised to give you a free afternoon befor you catch your plane. I would advise you to visit our zoo or to go for a picnik in a park befor you go to the party.
Such simple and everyday things like a telefone, a car, a computer only seem to be normal and everyday for us as we use them every day.
These inventions have improved our life a lot since they appeared, but not everyone beleives it is really so.
First of all they talk about the enviroment pollution which cars and other vechicles create, overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some other problems.
I think the telefone is the most important thing in many people's lives as it allows you to get in touch with anyone and it doesn't matter where you are (I am talking about mobile phones, which a majority now have through choice).
I think it wouldn't be possible for us to survive without eclectric light.
Because of shipbuilding developments people were able to make all those geographical discoveries, and automobile transport is an undenyable neccecerity in our life.
Because of everything I have said I am more likely to think that the benefits of peopel's inventions are much greater than all their disadvantages.
If you have any further questione, please do not hesitate to contact me.
SUBJECT: Recomnendations for a place to visit
The place I would like to recommend is the seventienth-century Royal Palace.
The Old Town is the best place for an afternoon stroll, with a great deal of restaurants, caffes and street performers.
There are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay overninight, if necessary.
I am plece to provide the information you need for the group.
The hotel I booked is the Palace Hotel wiche is in the center of London just two blocks from Victoria station.
I think it is very convenit for the group. You know the Victoria area, it is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city. About the hotel, it is clean, and provides a good service. The rooms are dobuels and neche has its own bathroom and for the nomber of students we are getting good Valud. And the best way to get to the College for the conference is to walk to Victoria station, get the tram to Glouster Road and after 3 blocks on the left-hand side you will find the College.
Howeve I am goign to make a plan for acche student with all of the diteil and the adres.
About the party at the end of conference, we are organising it in the same hotel whict has a nice salon.
It will be good for yor group because you don't need to move to anoder place.
It is not a formal party so I think it is faind to wear somethig not too formal.
I whant to suggestions for the last day. You and your group could maybe go to Green Park and visite the Queen's house and Parlamente, this area is very nice and the group would engoin aftha the conference to get some Freche air. Another obction could be the new Tell Gallery. I have never been there but it could be a good esxuse to visit it with you.
I have been hearing about the Ave they have in the Exivicuion, it is interesting.
I hope you found thes letter uselfuel and if you have any questions, let me know.
I am looking forway to seeing you soon.
Yoors sincerely
The computer was invented 30 years or mor ago and estart procesing information with a big card which was perfored and made a smol hole and aeche hole meant something like a code.
The maching that was used for reading this card was very big, you used to need a room for the computer.
I remember when I had the first lesson at the Univerty and the ticher took us to the Computer Center and I saw these machins, all my colleagues and I were lofing was very dificul to imagine how you can work with this kind of computer.
These days the computer is part of your life, you use it all the time. Sometimes you do personal and anoder times it is just the thingh you need to do like go to the bank, use transpor, go shopping etc. It is a maching that makes life easy and ibendow you can cari it everywhere. It is amaising the way as the fas the computer changes, the programas are faster and more useful and practical.
But the computer has a bad side too. I whand mean we life aeche day we depende mor and mor on it.
So I feel ascere when I think about the consercuencias if some of the viruses or mad people misuse as hapen thise days with sex or other.
I work with children and the computer helps me in my job but affeted it too.
So I hope the world reaches agreement about this and computer engineers have to prevent these probleme because something good could be something very dangerous.
Both of them are as convinience as getting there.
End of all, in my opinion we could go to the center of the town because there are many places to have a look at and go shopping.
So that's why they have invented the telephon.
Take the bus in the direction of the center of town.
With the computer, we can write a letter, correct a word or change the name without writting the whole letter again. We save the letter and in three weeks we could send it to another person.
If we hadn't ay, we would have to write all the transactions on paper.
I would like to inform you that Centeral Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accomadation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere on foot from the hotel during your stay.
There is no need to bother about clouths.
Befor you leav England, I suggest you visit the cannals and small villages around Basingstoke. You could have the opportunaty to see the country life.
Wouldn't it be unbarable and painful?
Ceartainly it would be just like mine.
Because I live in a rural area, far from any village, town, or city center.
But also I'm aware that time flies for me. I must do whatever I want befor it is too late.
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most usefull invention for humanity.
As you need more information, I will answer all your questions with plesuare.
It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our sity and situated only half a mile from the main building of our college, so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot.
Finally, you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historic places (castles built in the 13th century) or art galleries, as well as the beatiful Bodnant Garden.
I think that one of the most importent inventions affecting our life is the telephone.
I have just received the letter from you and I'm writting to you as soon as posible.
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coache, which I have arranged for you.
Then we can have a rest in the caffee and talk before your flight home.
I think I have given you all the importen information.
Nowdays motorization is one of the most important inventions.
When you look amoung everybody has a car or motorcycle.
No matter that people started worred more about polution in the world.
I love motocycles and I don't think I could live without them.
I have ridden a motocycle since I was 16 years old.
We rode motocycles for a few days befour we finally got to our mitting points.
I really enjoy riding my motocycle.
When I ride it is only me and my motocycle.
I am really greatful to the people who invented the first motocycle in the world.
To sum up, I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers, which has affected both indivisuals and society as a whole.
Personly I recommend the Dickens tour because it is a good length walk and very historical.
The bus leavs at 8a.m. from the front entrance of the hotel.
The end-of-conference party is in a tent and in the greenground.
It will be a surprice!
On the last afternoon you could go on a city tour, visite the Museum of Fine Arts, or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the public park.
The museum is near the city center and is accessible by bus or walking.
It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building, approximetively one mile away.
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure is now creeting problems.
A lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded, and enviromment problems are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries.
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the enviromment without affecting their mobility.
If you are free I will show you arround our college.
The countless fascinating things will definely take you the whole day to appreciate.
I love baking cakes, cockies and breads.
However, there is something about which it is still believed that it was an extreamly important invention.
In my opinion, the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most machines, appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can only be operated with electricity, which makes people not do too much phisical labour.
Dar Mrs. Maria Smith,
I hope that our friend Richard Brown doesn't have any serious willness.
This party is for the students so the clouthes won't be so formal.
We can chouse between two options for spending our free time.
I don't like tinking of my house or my life without all these facilities.
Now, you just need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city, with a car, aeroplanes, shoops, all these things without lights.
It is surposed to be from 7pm to 11pm.
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some questions, please do not hestitate to contact us.
Lots of great inventions have been invented in order to help people live comfortablely.
Because there are a lot of beatiful trees and you can see the sea.
By the way, the end-of-conference party is a kind of fairwell party.
The first part, the chairman and a few guests will give a speech and the second part, the participacients will evaluate themselves, and the last part will consist of dinner and drinks.
For example: electricity, the computer, telephon, boat, and car (wheel), etc.
It has abosolutly reduced women's housework time.
She appears occationaly and opens every window in the castle.
I would suggust they wear formal clothing, such as tie, trousers and blaser.
The building is called the Chiang Kei-shek Momerial Hall.
The momerial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds.
As you go into the main Hall, you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei-shek. This is because the building is the rememberence of how well Chiang did in History.
Apart from the main Hall, there are also lots of other gallaries.
In these gallaries there are Historical paintings and antique furniture which Chiang used.
there are also restaurants and modern gallaries.
When you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat, or if you are fed up with historical things, you migh as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern.
Finally, if you want to visit this building I would recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the momerial Hall called the Hyatt Hotel.
OLYMPIQUE MUSEUM
The Olympique Museum is situated near the lake and offers, for the tourist, an unbelievable view of the mountains and the lake.
I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holliday in Yverdon.
It is a modern hotel, near our college, and it is also very convenent for the airport. You can take either bus or taxies.
The nember 101 bus leaves from the airport, then you can get off at the "city college" stop.
Nowdays people have become used to watching television programmes every day.
Someone is talking, laughting, crying on there, so join them. You will feel much better than you would just by yourself.
Some TV programmes are enjouable!
In clucsion, TV has both advantages and disagvangtages, but on the whole the advantages are greater than the disadvantages.
On the positive side, you and the group will be abe to learn more about Welsh artworks which are presented on the wall, on the door and some furniture.
And some old toilets might look awlful.
So, I'm writting to reply to give all the information you asked for.
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 20 mininute.
And your speach would be better for the end of conference party.
Some people might say electricity is more important than any other thingh.
For instance, when I want to contanct my friend, it's quite helpful to use e-mail.
However, the computer is worth using in our life until a more coveniance machine is invented.
It also holds an internation exhibition all year round.
In my early childhood my mother said to me that when she was a litte girl there was only one telephone in the building where she lived.
It was in her parents 'appartement.
It is not an easy desicion how to react now.
thank you for your letter, wich arrived yesterday.
I hope to give you all the information you need and, please, if you want more information or somenthing is not clear, please don't esitate to contact me again.
It's a very confortable hotel where you can find everything you need.
From there to the conference you have to take the number 50 bus, which stops near the hotel and arrives in the town center.
For this conference I suggest wearing somenthing very confortable but elegant. The organisation wants all the men to wear a jacket, but a tie is not necessary.
If I find somenthing special you will be able to visit in three hours I will call you.
It is the most important church in this area because of its architeture.
It is somenthing very special. Its ceiling is made from many small pecis of wood. Its windows with many colours. It is fantastic.
I look farword to hearing from you
I hope that all the information you need will be provided satisfactorialy.
Secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference center is to use one of the shutel buses we provide at this efect.
Finaly, concerning your free afternoon, there are plenty of activities, but I suggest you visit the Caldea center, wich is a very special bath center.
If you need futher information do not hesitate to contact us.
There are plenty of churches, cathedrals, and old cotages.
The churches and the cathedral are very intesting because of their different Romanic styles.
Finaly if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations, let me know more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and I'll do my best to find something more suitable.
To finish, if you have spare time, you could walk in the center of Poitiers which is very beautiful.
In the Pompidou center, there are different exhibitions on different themes.
So if you visit Paris, the Pompidou center is a very interesting building to visit, even if in Paris there are many other buildings.
It is situated in the center of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college, where the conference is going to be held.
I think that the best choise for you is to take the 234 bus.
Also there is a very good shopping center next to the museum.
To conclude I would like to say that the goverments of all developed countries wouldn't have been so concerned about the so-called "problem 2000" if the computer had not been so important for modern society.
First, I would like to congratulate you on your new responsability, because of Mr Brown's illness.
There, I saw the exibitions and admired the building itself.
If you go down a few steps, you will discover the ceilar.
When you go uphill, you hvae to bend your back.
They paid much attemtion to their faces and spent lots of money to shop.
I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs, such as Friends, Srcubs, etc.
I like you give me any commets and opinoins too.
It was like warter and his bottom was red.
Everyday, there are new thinngs to try.
It's a kind of Tai-wan stayle massage.
After that, I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing.
It's nearlly 12pm.
Elections will be held on Augst 30th.
This time they may lose adoministration.
It is made of spnge:) It is cute.
I'm laerning English, but it's really difficult for me!
I was releaved to hear the doctor's diagnosis, but I'm still worried.
Inovative and original ideas are good, but if you cannot find them, you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other's work.
I was somewhat puzzied what to say.
So, after he was made consul by the Romans, he went to Afrika, where he fought againt Yugurta, who was king of Numidia.
caz I don have a school until then!!
That's why I'm very excited to teach studens English!!
Those are such things as playing sports, reading books, lithening to music, taking walks.
My favorit hobby is talking with my friends, because I think it is the best time to be with my friends.
The otehr day, I met one of my classmate from high school at a station, for the first time in fifteen years.
Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job.
Today, I went to the karaoke box with my son and naighbors.
I slept all day untill I had to work.
fourtunely, I am a hero of justice.
I think that the war shoud never of happened.
I don't understand why so many people are into this stuff, I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style.
Without audiences, love judges, parents, just a friendly and private atmosphere, which allows them to be theirselves and enjoy the moment.
Going abroad is my dream, so I really cherich this opportunity.
It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge, boarden my horizon, enjoy foreign customs, and also realize my dream.
I just listened to his Boyzone's brilliant song ``No Matter What`` on the way back home.
Next Wednesday, the economics seminor softball match will take place.
When someone asks me, ``What's your fovorite thing?``
Oh, how wanderful the college life is!
Once you get into the society, your life won ''t be as simiple as that in college.
Steeven tought me today.
I attended Japanese tea ceremony lessons one day a week for three years, befor I came here to Japan.
I liked to learn how to serve greentea tea. I made some friends at the lesson.
After I mede it, I drank the green tea.
In the grammar exercises, which I did for houars (?) I couldn't correct any sentences (?).
Because it is very important; I'll never get a good job without it, and I'll never understand half of the beautifule sites in the Internet!
And I like to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator, and many other things!
He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells.
I put my fingures into his little mouth, and pull it out.
My very fisrt diary entry on Lang-8
The first half of the game was a drow and the second half of the game was a draw.
Fighnaly, Japan won the game, so ``Nadeshiko Japan`` is top team in the world!! I was excited, so I couldn't sleep;) But I don't regret watching soccer.
This is the most important thing to them but, my opinion is deffrent.
Today, I went to univercity.
I wantet to more study.
But, I'm going to do it now, becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired, and in a couple of hours, the mechanic is going to be here to pick it up.
Yesterday was a buzy day, but I was very happy.
We have many foreigners as our clients and I really could try my strength in English) It `s so interesting to tolk with the British, Germans, Italians, Danes, Finns, Croats...
He has recently been accused of puching a man while drunk.
A sumo champion, called a yokozuna, is required to be strong not only phisically, but also spiritually.
During the last summer vacation, I traveled around Southeast Asia; Melaka (Malacca and Kuala Lumpur), Cambodia (Siem Reap), and Myanmar (Bagan).
He is now in Isreal.
May it be sunny tommorrow...
May it be sunny tommottow...
It is said that you can be healthy and happy or your wis will come true if you climb this mauntain.
My Junigor high school friends and I are very interested in this legend.
It was the kingdergardan level ~ ~..
Plese tell me:D
Yesterday, I went to Home Depo to buy a bag of soil and a planter.
The roses grew and thir flowerpots are too small for them.
I think I cought a cold:-(
Epidemy of Cool
But the stuation is being recovered by help not only from other Japanese but aloso from countries all over the world.
We walked around the garden, we saw the animals and differents trees; we had a smoll lunch
He has a funny and intersting dance.
Well,_ I'm into Ray Charles's song_ ``Hit the Road Jack``_ recentry.
My gramma is very poor, and my poor gramma always drives my SAT gramma teacher crazy.
Luckyily, I have some Korean friends so I worked on it while asking
my frineds whether the translation is correct or not.
this is just an execuse.
It was a mergherita pizza.
Strange Japanes customs?
So, whenver I pass by, I am sure they must be new employees.
It is very convenient that its codeless.
By the way, dou you know 'Lucky Taxi'?
Today's calss is the same class which I wasn't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI.
When I was in Korea, if we skipped the calss because of other affairs, they seemed very happy.
However, in here, my students don't want to skip the calss.
And I fell in love with the liberary at our school!!!
Acording to the book, taking a nap is not good for digestion.
If we get very sleepy, we should go for a walk to forget about our sleepness.
Actually, it requires lifting up their knees high enough to make the Kinect senser to sense their move, so he was correct and had fastest speed in the race.
I went to balloon lecyurer as an assistant at ``OMOCHA OUKOKU``.
It was difficult to lecyurer to small children.
My mother committed suicided when I was only one year old, and since my father worked far far away in a town, I was brought up by my Grandma.
I went to the gym in Neyagawa city so that I can strenghthen my muscles.
And people seem as if they were constipated (this word is funny because in Spanish ``constipado`` is ``cold``, and it's eassy to mistake the meaning xD).
But I suppose everybody has a reason why they want to study a second launguage.
I could come into cantact with a lot of music, from Billboard to Classics, because of it.
But there were US Armed Forces in Korea, and they radio broadcast thier Billboard songs.
I replied, ``Yes I have one, but in russion``. So I think it's time to create an Englishversion.
I am a colleage student.
Today is a speacil day.
I didn't know whether he's worried about it or is looking forword to it, but I hope that it will be a special and wonderful experience for him.
Many peple visit there.
In order to drink, I finised my work early.
I don't know the reason on why I was so annyoing about everything.
I got out of temper to my friends as much as I felt forry for her.
I don't think students scores should be the standard for an estabilishment.
For example, varities of teaching methods and materials should be involved in the criterion for assessing the teachers.
The reault of my check-up was also anemia.
I am really looking foward to it.
I will do it on mondy for sure:)
I heve become the director of a company now.
Interdisciplinarity, practical studies, a wide choice of courses, experimental spirit (?) and open-mindedness are reasons why I am so enthusiastic about RU.
My favourite subjects are maths and phisic, so probably I will have a problem with connecting them with traveling or something like that.
But recently I heard about charity organizations which need ingeeners and it could be a nice idea.
but I feel tired beacuse of difference temperature between Singapore and Japan.
Actualy, I love cats!
If I can be a cat, I will go out for a walk the whole day, sleep until I feel good, be along with people when I lonly.
I noticed that a crow dropped the walnut from his beak to the ground in oder to break the shell.
He played the contra bass and the guiter.
Since summer vacantion started, I always stayed up to play computer games and even until AM13: 00.
And we plantde trees and cleaned the garden.
Today I bought a book by Morimi Tomihiko at the bookstore in my college, where all the college students and teachers can buy books at a five persent discount off the regular price.
Futhermore, his stories are very enjoyable.
The sandowich costs 280yen. I ate that one first.
I probably can't get raw ham at ordinaly stores.
Now I'm working in my company and I feel a little tired. Maybe I enjoyed too much during this holiday, so I can't acclimatize myself to different place or pepole, etc.
English pronounceation
Other countries, Germany for exapmle, most of their employees can speak English rather than Japanese.
For Americans, Japanese ``Futon`` is a misterious sound because shape of mouse for ``Fu`` is different between American English and Japanese.
it was reiny today.
it was very difficlut!!!!
Japanese marrige system
Brides and grooms simply go to city offices and turn in the marrige application form, which has the brides ', the grooms', and wittnesses 'sigunitures.
No picture IDs are requiered to turn in the marrige applicatin form.
Somebody else can go there insterd of the couple.
Becouse of the system, sometimes problems arise.
When a couple goes to the city office to turen in their marrage form, they sometimes find out that one of them (or both of them) is alredy married to someone else.
Until he creat the first APPLE computer, all the effects what he had done before came back.
Hot coffe, sigarettes and a warm blanket-this is what I need today.
So I bought two, one for my feet and the other for my nec and shoulders.
In korea foreign missionaries have been succseefully brainwashing people.
just one reason I didn't belive him.
This is my fitst post in English.
I know this SNS, using learning forign language, ``iKnow`` (http;// www. iknow. co. jp).
Dood Dinner at Omiya
Anyway, someday, I want to get lasic if it can improve my eyesight causing no side effects.
A singel house
This is the first time I write a diray in English.
What changes happend?
Fortunately my hasband doesn't interfere with me.
He joked ``Please buy meat for visiting, esp chichen for dak dakgalbi...``
It reminds me of the Bable story, God seperates people with different languages, and people are never united as one any more because of the languages, then the world is full of suspicion and frustration.
By the way, a Typhoon is coming soon and maybe a lot of studeants are thinking, ``whoa I can rest a day, hopefully the typhoon stay in Taiwan``.
After I entered elementry school, my parents switched from running a supermarket to owning a fried chicken restaurante.
Now they run a grilled meat restaurante.
I would like to wirte a letter to my English teacher, so I want you to correct my English.
I drove alone, I'm not afraid of drivig anymore.
I can hardly wait for spling vacation.
And I have learned another important skill, that is to write down everything that you don't know, or you cannot remember clearly, especially things which are very improtant to your job.
yesterday? Tayfoon came, so the sky was cloudy all day, and temperature did not become hotter.
I still belongs to my comany in Japan.
I can do Japanese comany's business in NY.
If you have a more fitable English name, please tell me ~
I felt sed and my sister got out of the house!
I will back to school soonly, my school is in another province!
My next time back home will in many month later, I realy don't want to back to school with a broken-heart, but I can do nothing!
I'm writing my diary for the secsend time because wrong. (???)
I am writting the diary and doing a lot of things I chack my e-mail and read hi5. My friends send comments to me. Hi 5 is like facebook. It is very popular in thailand and I chatted with my university friend. We taked about work. She is not working at the moment because I go to out side of bangkok. (???)
she lives with her family. I know her becarse she went to bangkok to study.
I plan to party this sonday at my closest friend's brithday.
We played a coputer game.
The newspaper and the weather forecast imform us when the cherry blossoms come out.
I was so humiliated by my accent during my chilfood that I tried to modify it.
Because it was gifted by my ancester.
listening nimo
Nimo: Dady help me
Nimo's friend?
Dady: I've got to find my son Nemo!
but my coasses ended late.
We talked a lot and had a blast, and it was interesting that one of the participants talked his experiences when he'd been in Germay.
Life will be devide into each part that let him feel safe when he separate people into various groups.
Yesterday, I rided from the main campus to the medical college.
I useally study at a certsin cafe& restrant which is called Saizeria.
I am a junior studennt majoring in Japanese.
After graduating from high school in June, 2008, I have studied Japanese for neary two years since August, 2008.
I run for my halth so I never over do.
But I run at least 3 kilometers when I feel someting bad.
one class is ninty munites, so I got exhausted.
I take as many classes as possible, because I have a voracious appitate for studying!
So we had a lesson with another teacher who is Ethiopian duerng his holiday.
It ended with an unplasant atmosphere.
My friend told me that she wanted to give me a suprise.
I am plannning to stay in Hong Kong for a month.
And I've serched information about where to stay (there).
I couldn't get back home before 9pm for awhile and had to rely on beby sitter everyday.
But I can't deside wthat to spend it on.
I want to buy an ipod usic player.
I want to take a flower essense seminar.
A new semster!
Tomorrow a new semster will begin.
And I watched on TV that US jernalists have been detained in North Korea.
jernalists that go to dangrous places are so crazy, even though there is possibility of dying.
So, I will write what I'm gond to say.
When I arrived at Copley, I'd naver seen such a tremendous amount of people there.
I hope that the Red Sox will be the winner of the Wolrd Series, so then I'll have a chance to watch a parade again!
It's a love story, during the war, between a hurted prostitule and a soldier who has to fight.
and I took out some economis books from the library.
Tommorow I will have to study English and economis.
I took part in a job interviw this morning, but after the HR kept asking me questions for about 30 minutes, she told me maybe this positon doesn't fit for me because I don't have the SQL skill.
I'm looking forward and waitinig for what the Apple will bring
I came here to learm English.
I laughed and said: You're a hairy, obesed idiot!
But I want to continue studing English every day.
hapyy day!
So I want to watch movies but it `s too expenive for me...
Thus, in the movie, Coluche travels around the world, and experiences some adventures in various countries such as Marocco, The United-States (Harlem), China and so on...
I think it may be interesting to listen to the French accent and the (maybe exagerated) view of Harlem by the French at the time.
I also have to shovel snow around my house, car parks and offise...
In addition to this, traffic is so crouded...
I just sterted this SNS.
People who have already graduated can also take this exam, so that makes this exam more compititive.
But actually, people may have the abelity to pass it, but they still can't communicate well in English.
I passed it half a year ago, but writing passege are still really hard...
Dakdori was just one the recipes included in the book under the chiken menu.
I surf the internet with an air-conditioner and a fan turned on. After surfing the web I watch TV with the dest-top still on and use a stove and microwave to have a meal.
All I could do was drink beer going stale in the frigerator.
I can understand its meaning, but is it awkward for the English reader or listner?
englis Again!
After an English lecture, I tell myselef over and over again: I must learn English now!
I have to admit age is a becoming more and more a sensitive issue as I get older and older, and the older I get, the more responsiblity comes along and the more mature you should behave.
Well, I think I wish I could welcome the moment at home as usualy, but I failed for the last conple of days which flashed through so quickly in a northern city I have never been to before.
Travelling makes the time elapse so quicky that I have hardly any time to digest the change of age satisfactorily, Even though I have been able to come back home this morning, I still can't take my time and am actually struggling to keep awake to digest it as much as I can, because I hardly slept yesterday.
Moreover, I still didn't like it when I bought a can of spaghetti (canned spaghetti) and had it because it was like gelly, and was essentially just a can of meat sauce.
Why isn't al dente that common in this Europian country whose people are the most omnivorous?
I want to write my plofile first.
And I like Rorilita fashion!
This movie is talking about two different American girls who spent their summer in Barcelona, where they have a romantic, unforgettable advanture.
Mealwhile, they are still learning how to face some issues in their lives.
This movie's siprit seems give us the idea that everything is possible, especially relating to love.
When it cames to the subject of love, some people tend to be relistic, some people are always expecting something very different.
But I think most people in our country, we don't have enough courage to change the situation, or sometimes we just carry more moral respnsibility.
The fireworks were the most beautifl which I had watched ever.
``earthguake, thunder, fires, fathers``
I'm plannning to go to Sapporo (the capital of Hokkaido, Japan) this weekend and I feel uneasy about going through the pass because it's very dangerous to drive on icy roads.
Thank you foy reading and for your corrections.
Is this Pater Pan syndrome?
I think the defination of an adult is different throughout the world.
But maybe there are many countries that definate ``adult`` at an earlier age.
Basically, it is said Japanese peaple are not good at speaking English.
We begine to learn it in junior high scool.
My name is oanhchau. I'm from Vietnam. My language is vietnames.
Untilthis the start of this year, he was my classmate, and he suggested this website to me.
In my point of view, it's a complicate website, but I think if I practice, I can use so goos this site, and finally reach my objec.
I'll apreciate thosewho correct my text, and thaksssss (a lot of ``S`` it's a internet form or expression that we use a lot on MSN, here in Brasil)
I especially like watching Eurupe soccer!
I was hoping this time she could win a medalist..
That made me think that I should support her ever though I am not ure if she will continue with mogul.
Anywany, I think it's going to be one excitig Olympic.
I didn't perpare for it entirely.
I wish that place was a non-smorking place and
That mechanism is, When I accsess ``URL``, proxy responce ``URL``.
normaly, Ajax cannot cross site.
My friend is a teather at a junior college.
I thought about it a little bit, and I answerd,
because of the school openning ceremony
I am going to go to the libray and study hard
Today is a holiyday.
Becuase they are so beautiful with beautiul music.
I'm a Jaapanese.
It's very cute and I feel rilax.
And today after working I had dinner with my acquaintance, a person who is workin in the famous consulting company accenture.
If you had stood next to the sliding door of the room hearing what was being talked inside, you might have heard intermittet laughing sounds made by a female (1 only?), and monotonous, enthusiastic talks by a male (1 only?), which might have gave you an impression; the atmosphere was not too bad, or too good either.
I bought a pacake of muesli, mixed it with yogurt and put it in my refrigerator at night before going to bed.
Instead, I've watched company harassment like ``you're incompintent!`` or ``we can't afford to pay you`` in order to force them into early ritirement
Luckly I have a job and a depenadable income.
My cute ``My Little Pony`` should not connet to such a nasty word.
lololol No, they shoud not.........
My coworkers all work untill late at night.
One of my friends on skype told me that all you have to do is concetrate on the exam and relax.
Well, studying bussiess English is bloody boring.
I don't think that much bussiness English is needed to communicate with foreign people.
When I speak Englsh, although it isn't in a perfect sentence, a native speaker can usually understand what I mean.
I had dinner the day before but I ate two more humburger late at night after dinner
I was hungry soon ahter eating...
I found Mr. hou8592984's brog.
In order to continute to write English, I should decide a thema.
Thema: Depression
By writing his depressio journal, I would like depressive patients and their families to know about this disease/ illness and surely believe in his or her recovery.
I did not drink alchohol in a couple of days.
We also visited a soy souce musium.
Every term we study Chinese, Math, English, Physics, Chemtry, Biology, History, Politics, Geography, Music, Art, and Physical education, 13 in all.
That is scarried, don't you think so??
Can enyone tell me the way to improve my conversational skills?
My stutent visa was sent to my house from the American embassy this morning.
When I got there, I was so surprised that there was a lot of people wainting outside the embassy.
More than 150 peaple were there.
Upon entering the house, a man checked me, and my bag with an X-ray mathine.
I needed to have an iterveiw, and then have my fingerprints taken.
The style of all the furnishings in the building were Amerincan.
Next, I should remember lots of nglish sentences.
I really want her to come back and relase new songs someday.
I think everyone hastheirown faviriote song that makes them better.
I like both Japanese songs called J-pop and forieng music.
But Japanese musii is more confortable for me, maybe because it's easy to understand the meaning of lyrics.
Speaking of lyrics in English songs, it's very hard to lisiten and understand compared to in converstion...
In the future hopefully my English will be better and I will be able to understand rylics.
I have been studing English for eighteen years, starting from grade school, continuing at the institute, to now-by myself.
But I have not had much success with my studing.
For example, I can understand only a very small part of radio and tv brodcasting, or dialogs in movie pictures.
My Summer holiday finally starded on the 5th.
But I have got a lot of plans this Summer:D hope it's gon to be a great Summer Vacation!
The happiness on thire faces means I did well.
The weather is bad. It is wasy to have a cold.
Long, lon ago, there were a couple of lovers.
There were jusy only two students in the classroom.
``Otlob`` is a delivery-service site adress in Egypt.
I think health is the most importamt thing for life.
To celebrate I called my friendds and we decided to go to dancing at a club that has Caribbean styles of dancing (salsa, merengue, bachata).
As soon as we entered, my every tought was addressed to the music. So after I removed my coat quickly, my body began connecting with the track playing.
Between all the Caribbeanses dances, the one which I prefer is salsa. That is because it expresses passion, a characteristic that is part of me. In fact I'm a scorpion ^ ^.
A Little Hestitation and Nervousness
My group's leader asked me to prepare a race speech and a show of accomplishments becasue we have a vacant position for secretary of the youth league committee in the group.
Every time I meet a foreigner interested in learning Spanish and also interested in lerning the language in a spanish speaking vountry, their natural choice was Spain.
Now what can I do for peaple in MIYAGI??
Its like a ricecake and is made of potato, tapioca flour, cheese, mayonese.
On June 9, I joined to Google Develper's Day.
It facisnated me and I began to develop software for the platform.
Preparing for Zonbi Walk part2.
I practiced making a zonbi face.
Please look at these pitctures.
I think I'm a good menacing zonbi.
I was surprised, and rashed into the bath room to wash my hand.
The preetiest sister who
Today I had plenty of time in the afternoon so I took a walk aroung my hometown.
I shoukd avoid to take a bath...
It will be great if I make friends with English amd Japanese speakers.
She is Korean, while I'm Jpanese...
All animals I saw in Mongolia seemed confortable..
I belive he was into it all along.
But as I graduate from high highschool and go to a university, I'll begin to be busy in different places, with different people and in different ways.
Elaborate pratical plans can give you a hand when you face difficults or feel depressed and help you get rid of unexpected
It is only once a month and so it is deifficult to improve with each other.
Jack bouer always says ``What's going on!!!``:).
I would like to listen to more Enlish through e-dramas and learn more about daily conversation and debate.
I konw that I will lose my way if this situation continues.
Nevertheless, if we dare take a closer look at creativity, (and what is learning if not a fascinating mixture of experimenting, forming, shaping, producing and the like?), then we have to admit that, in the long run, successfulness is not a bed of roses, albeit highly rewarded in the end.
Short stay in Seneagal
If you have ttime, please give me a little advice.
It makeS me sentimantal and moody.
Tonight, I went to a curry resutaurant with my friend (s).
Do you have a favorite Japanese food? I recommend the Japanese food 'Tempra':)
At the moment, my favorit song of her's is ``If I were a boy``
It's rainniing
It has rainned for three days, and the temperature drops to 18 degrees centigrade. It's cool now.
I got to know this web site several days ago, and I have got through some enties written by others.
I will spend some time to correct Chinese learner's enties.
She was mean, she lied to her friends, and she said her mother was dead cause she was embarrased of her humble roots.
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada. We were all watching Teresa's last chater together, and were hoping her to end up homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our suprise she didn't.
What was the message, be a tramp and you'll suceed?
Polaroid faced financial crisys and stopped selling instant film and instant cameras.
I regretted that Poraloid stopped selling thier photography products and think if I were a rich man, I would buy the Polaroid company and continue to sell their products.
I went to the Sinagawa Station from Shibuya.
I was impressed by the superior the focus and syutter speed of the camera.
I have to pay close attention to aviod the new camera being browken by my son.
It is a rany day today.
They are taught by one of five ALTs (Assitant Language Teachers) who work in public schooling.
I watched a DVD ``Who killed the electric car?``; this is a documentary film thta deals with the history of the electric car, mainly focused on The General Moters EVI.
Fisrt is the tea ceremony room; second is the imperial room; third is the samurai room.
There is a pond in front of the pabirion.
There are many kind of foods speculiar to each countrie in the world.
They always recommend me doing Yoga, but I'm afraid I'm not interes in exercise.
I have to speak Elignsh at my office.
It was a little bit borring.
That is why, it would be helpful, if you could give us some advice for the ebaluation of the research and provide the detals about the rating scales that were used in the book.
They do not want their blings to make sacrifices as well.
7 students paticipated in it and they were great ^ ^ Some students didn't memorize their script enough not to show it but still I thought they put in a lot of efferts.
So in the train, I do things like read a book, listning to music and so on.
I wanted to listeng some music in the bath room.
Besides, offering various help is a government's obligatoriness, whether it `s necessary or not.
After work, I intended to surf again, but it was wndy.
I've started studying English in Canada this mounth!
My nummer holidays were too short, as usual;-)
The reason why my school starts on Thuesday is, pupils with the grade 5 in their school reports can make a test about the whole last year to get in the next higher class.
I am learing Electronics with Informatics and Computer techniques.
The Austrian schools are very univerally that we know from everything a little.
After passing all tests, I can decide to start working or go to a universaty.
Addionally, after 2 years work experience, I will get automatically the title ``Engineer``.
So I was surprized at how much it's changed!!
Chicken Curry, Safran rice with Japanese pickled plum, mixed dried fruits Nan, peppermint chai with cinnamon and shochu, Japanese sweet potato wine with kabosu, an Oita prefecture produced fruit that is just like a lemon.
Mainly, Japasene teacher taught English grammer, accents and various words.
I alweys wanted to have a pet at home.
My mother was very sceptic of this idea, but my father fullfilled my dream by buying me a bautiful dog. I was very happy, and I spent almost all my time with my Friend.:)
But one day my dog disapeard, and now I can't find him anywhere.
I will congraturate you starting next year.
I will take the TOEFL next weeken! Oh my god!
althougt I am not good at English actually, but I just want to try and to know what level I am.
I feel nervours because this is the first time I will take it.
``I know we have different valus and thoughts,
In the evening I found out that he had disappered.
And he said to me, ``I was going to break up with you, actually.`` Just jokking, but when I heard this, I realized how mean I was to him..
Even though, this was bad somehow I'm still reliefed
Self-censore an event makes economy decline.
This sentence is printed on her son's T-suirts.
One day when her son's English teacher saw that T-suirts, he took pictures of it and said it was so funny!
I tried to trancelate it but it's a little bit complicated.
In the morning we started our walk to Fort Cunning information centor to get a map.
Unfortunatelly, it was being renovated!
We quickly loooked on the map for other restaurants and found one.
It was a nice looking restauran on a hill surrounded by a beautiful forest.
If the restaurant had not been closed, we cought have had lunch on the teraace!
The resaurant was closed every Sunday!
On the way, I happened to see a traddditional Malay wedding outside.
When my wife was pregnant, ``just like all the other husband and father``, I thougt everything was going to be beautiful just like on TV.
Reality is a whole lot diffrent from imagination.
We have to learn a child's thoughtful consideration for others and frankness about it, because we know cosideration and frankness always work.
When I found this, my bag had been scrathed by the thief.
This is the third bag which has been cutted by a thief.
My favorite manga is Doragon Ball,
I guess even if I takek a vacation, I'll have to spend much time on homework.
life has no end of trobles.
I experienced the gigantic erthquake in north-east Japan.
I walked back to my house after about 50 munutes.
On the way home I saw the peole filled in the streat walking.
It is not a buisiness trip!
I'm planning to go to Izumo-Taisya on Suturday.
Wandering on the campus, green trees, colorful flowers and clear water catch your eyes, fragrant smell of flowers occupies your nose, and voices of reading aloud and singing of birds capcutures your ears.
It was irretating.> <,
Another boring week is watting for me.
Then I serched online.
If you study Japanese, I recomend it!!
I'm looking forwad to seeing my family.
The restaurante was so nice, and the food was delicious.
I visitedmy cousin's hause last weekend.
Some foreigners tend to think that Japanese men don `t do housekeeping at alland women work for their husbands devotely.
Tnat 'swhy, I want to insist toforeign women.`` Don `t feel that it is worst to get marriedwith Japanese guy!
I don't think they shouldn mention details about the flight!
Typhoong going through Japan are not as strong as cyclones.
Tonigght, I will stay in my house and won't go out.
That's why evey Korean thinks they have to go to college.
The last 3 days we had very good weather, but tday it's cloudy again...
addios...
A nice script: Frist, you must grab people's focus. What you want to say and the content determine whether people want to keep watching it.
Of couse, the character designs and their actions are important.. hahaa like this octopus.. it's very cute even though it doesn't have any lines.
I would like to speake and write like a natively
We studied in the same high school in Tibtet, we often communicated with each other about things like a football match, beautful grils, foods or the CCP. Tibetan chirdren are loyaly, friendly and smart.
Sometimes I felt they were sensitived about some political topics, but for of many reason, they felt happy too.
Our high school teachers cared for them, and the ethnic Han classmeets were glad to help them to study many sbjects too `` `
The dinner was delicours, and we drank a bit of beer and played jokes on each other. It was a wonderful time. I frogot many annoying things temporarily. What a happy night in Beijing! ~ ~ life is cool ~ ~
My english teachar recommended that I get an English Dictionary.
The meanings of English words are explaned in English.
My teachar said ``when you study english words, think of english words in your head.
I recieved a lot of messages from my co-workers and friends in the real world and on this web site.
My hostmother mother plays the piano very well.
but I can't play any up tenpo music like she does.
Goog night.
7. 8: 2. 2 This is my work and pribate balance.
Publick service personnel is a part of the conscription system.
I worked hard at the place and explaind things to many customers.
In Aplil, I also led the division to manage a network division.
Although I feel a bit bad, and dissapointed of myself because I've decided to be more responsable with my homework and I didn't do it.
In both presentations, I didn't make an effort to get a good note and I know that I could have done it better but I didn't, but also, I didn't recived the support of my team.
On the other hand, I felt very amazed about some clasmates. They did a wonderful job and I felt envious of them because I'd love to do it in the same way or better.
I have read some ariticle saying that some English classes don't teach good english, or that some students don't make any sense of it, or that it doesn't fit their english level.
I might be a lucky girl because I can understand English even thouh I don't take any lessons.
I am glad I speak English and can converse with naitive people.
He wanted to say he was in the middle of the campain and said loudly, ``I have an erection now!``
I think everybody has similiar minds and similar potential.
Maybe there is some reserach on why people fail when they try to learn language?
We have to studed English now, or we won't pass an important test in three years.
There is going to be a Jananess school visiting our school.
We will have eight Japaness students in each class.
And we will teach Taiwaness history about Japanese aggression against Taiwan.
Maybe we will say something about their contribution after the Japaness were aggressive towards us.
We will do a lot of activies when the Japaness students come.
I have been quite busy the last couple of days becouse of my exams at the university.
It's really cool to meet a lot of foreigne friends here.
So I'd like to continue my dairly.
My dog ``Fal``, who is Itarian gray hound, doesn't like
Some people say it not only helps to end their pain but also it helps to slove their family's economic problems.
I think they are still relevant today because histry has a way of repeating itself.
That way, they can feel familiar with acient history.
the reason that she was deprived of her custody of their first child, was she overdosed on cocain (I forgot why she had it at the time)
About 5 seconds later she called me again to say good morning. I did not anwers because we know if she calls me it means she would like to say good morning or good night.
She got disconnected from Skype yesterday while me and Tyler were talking because it is a bad conection from her country.
Before she left she did not say something to me as she usually does because she was sundently gone.
He can't sing but he can hum and dance and and play the quiter.
If I'm a Piture...
For a long time, I went to Song gang Dong field in order to play a baseball game in early moring.
Then, I tried to go there, and also It was diffuclt to drive my car because I met a friend who lives in Seoul yesterday.
I'm a piture and the 5th hiiter.
Our game started at 12: 00 and I was so nerveous.
My beseball career is shorter than everyone's but I have good physical abilities like fast feet, strong sholders, and endurance for any pain.
Chinese Calligraphy and traditonal Chinese Painting!
Chinese calligraphy and traditonal Chinese painting both
Becouse it is near the station.
This year I've started to study ballet. It's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child, or at least that was I always tought, but I was lucky to have the chance.
We are doing ``Coppelia``, even though we are not proffesionals dancers. We are adding a little bit of fun to the original play and it is going it great.
In my culture, people are not always aggrassive and we are always thinking about others, as much as, or indeed more than ourselves. [1]
As far as I have heard and experieced, the culture here is that people care about themselves more than others. They are more self-centered, which I don't mean in a good nor bad way.
For example, in my country, the distance between people is less, so everything can be flexible and it depends on the relationship between the people involed.
Therefore, I always think before I act becuase I am not sure what the correct way to act is.
The main character traveled to Ltaly, India and Bali.
She met many peple and found herself.
She performed maditation in India.
Friends, no matter what ccountries you come from and what languages you want to learn, I think we can become friends, not only for the reason of ``learning languages``.
Or does it mean ``go out with thier boyfriends or girlfriends``?
The other airtist are probably not known by Japanese people.
There was a lot of rap music but there wasn't one such as Eminim.
Introdeuce myself
Hellow!!
But now, I study economics more, sinse my job is deeply related with economics.
My favorit football team
That is too many countries but, I'd like to visit those countrys.
Next week I wll go to a language school to improve my speaking abilities.
Englsih speakers use high frequency.
;) I think that I have to serch for a friend to converse with on skype or to help me with wrighting letters. Is anyone willing? (9.
In Japan, it is autum.
Thease days I am reading the novel ``Master of the game`` written by Sidney Sheldon.
My friend recomended me that book and it's so interesting that I can't stop reading it.
Becouse his wife Marianne was dead.
Today, my roommate woke me up early in the mornig because she thought I was oversleeping.
Blackouts, floods, strong sunshine and very veryvery hot days.
I went to Japan to stady, but I had never studied Japanese before.
Because I can't speak Japneses, it's hard to make friends in Japan which makes me feel so lonely, and want to give up stady in Japan.
After a long time, I did carpentar work today.
It `s so frastrating, but it` s reality.
dreadfully spycy...
Although my mother languarge is Chinese,
I quarrelwed with my friend yesterday.
The teacher made us to make sentance using simple past and past perfect continue.
S/ he then looked at our sentance and pointed out some mistakes.
I have been enjoying learing English since last year but I still sometimes feel despondent a little bit when I cannot remember how to spell a word by myself.
It always goes this way; I finally remember a new word and then want to type it next time, but then I fotget again.
Now I wonder if this reason is too weak to learn efficienyle, because there are few chances to use English at my job.
But I can't understand English grammer.
Yesterdat was different.
Unfortunatelly, there was very strong rain and thunder at that time so our flight was delayed thirty minutes.
We were satisfied with our room and went to bed early so we could wake up early in the morinig.
I could not explane 'a certain probability' in English when I talk to my friends.
The probalility represents how many people are watching particular program in each area.
Then, if we know a certain program has high probalility compare with other programs, we might want to watch the program even though we aren't interested in the program.
Today at 4 a. m., I and my father woke up because we heard the gate squaking.
Our first class usually starts at eight but on Tuseday, it starts at 10.
How to get to my car parkking space from my apartment.
And I found a very exciting stastical today.
There is an oil heater in the {staff} theacher's room.
So one of the teachers brought sweet potetos and burnt it.
is doramas, not just Japanese but also Korean, Chinese and Taiwanese. Now I have fallen in love with the Korean dorama ``You're Beautiful`` starring Lee HongKi feom FT Island and Jang Keun Suk (Baby and Me, Beethoven Virus).
I got lost on the way back to my houce.
So, I called a taxy.
Especialy to Germany!
I'm taking the Garman class.
The reason I have a duble major was because I could see the world was heading towards a global economy and society.
It's a little small, but it's enought for me.
In fact, I would like to look for a friend who likes using Skype and MSN and usually chats on Skype. I hope to chat with him/ her on Skype to improve my oral English, and I will teach him/ her Putonghua. I can speak standard Putonghua. If I can find a friend like this, we can make a concret plan to help each other. If he/ she wants, except teaching Chinese, I also can tell her/ him what he/ she wants to know about China.
So, anybody who wants to learn Putonhua and will help me, contact me. Thanks. I am online all the time.
How they behaviors is their choice, but there aren't only gentlemen in the world.
``Judas`` by Lady Gaga and ``taxic`` by brtney Spears
I like Lady Gaga and Britney speas.
One of the songs is Judas and the other is Taxic.
When I was a university student, I was a menber of the ski team.
Hi ~ everone
Golden week is a grop of holidays in Japan.
I think my dirly needs a lot of correction.
Yeah, this is my favourate sport.
If we have class, we must go, because the teacher will cheak.
At work, my cell phone didn't work as the telecom cables were destroyed by the quake.
After I reached home, I knew the situation was much more serious in north east of Japana.
labors will be older.
Roast beef, mashed potatoes, pine nuts roll (this is that stuffings which consists of pine nuts, flour, meat and so on is rolled into pie sheet or something) and dessert with eggknock (this is a kind of drink.
There were a lot of Lotus folwers.
I had fun and was really surpristed because of my friend who called me.
In that place there's no telephone signal and no money on my phone so I did not repled recently, but then when my parents took me the city I had refilled my money and sent the message back to her.
who is my close friend I am thinking of her too while I was not in Bankok
Hey friends do you think my new avator looks lazy?
so just some picture and in Bangkok is okay now don't get worrid I think every thing is going to be better..
A Handy Crear Folder Within Textbook (Brushed up)
I copied my text book into falf size, and sort them out according to each period.
Why don't you make a ubiquious studying environment?
But we misssed the airplane!
We missed our areline.
So it's very expencive.
We took an early bath and ate toshikoshi-soba, the buckwheat noodles eaten on Neew Year's Eve.
My neighbors having a party and I have been hearing Latin music since this afternoon.
This is my homework for my English writting class.
Also, my old brother attends Kongju Universuty and his major is tourism.
The university said I passed the entrace examination.
Athelet's foot
I've got athelet's foot.
It started a long time ago. It was around my highschool days that I first got athelet's foot, so it has been almost a decade.
So I went to a demotologist downtown.
The doctor looks careful and probably credible but since I am for now translating one docdor's book which criticizes doctors who are too readily ``putting their patients on chemicals`` I am a bit nervous.
I am a genuin fool.
I worked outside only wearing a down jacket, I shiverd from the cold wind.
It is not tha movie itself that made me cry, but the fact that we missed the first ten minutes, because Mam was mistaken about the time. ``
I'm writting a diary after a long time.
because I heve never been there.
I went to a university that is my first choise today.
It was full of fun, and I found a way of larning English.
I don't have inough time...
I hope that everyone had been having a good time in the latest hollydays.
been happy because I have a new niece. She was born on January 1st, and her name is Maria Alejandra. She is soo cute.
There are many yhing that I have to do tonight.
I like listening to music, like every type, expecially jazz, rock, and some nice soft music, some times I listen to death matel too.
and also do some reading, which are written by ppl who r not famouse but special....
My sister and I were very joyfull.
On the last day, my aunt gave me some australia chocolate, a kangaroo dall, and a suit.
I had luch at this shop.
We drank alcohol and ate Korian food at the first restrant.
I wonder why Japenese people like to eat ramen noodles after they drink a lot of alcohol.
I think it's a very interseting place.
I always want to make friens.
I love forgeiner so much.
that `s why I` im learning english.
I have tried to study Mandarin when I was in junior high highschool.
Chinese-charactors are used in Mandarin and Japanese, so I thought Mandarin would be easier to study than other languages.
Some of meaning of chinese-charactors in Mandarin and Japanese are same but some of them are not.
Although, Mandarin has four accents in one sound (I can't explain about it crealy in English, try to understand!).
I offen postpone various things that need to be done.
I'm housewife, so it's convinient for me to do such a short time job.
What's is your weak poing in your job
I was so upset when I was asked that, because I had not preperation for the job interview.
I will keep every Thirsday for your students.
Today he went to nursely school.
Poppin is my best dancing style in whch the movements are so freaky.
I recomended you watch this dance if you are interested in it or you have never watched it.
If anybody wants to know more about dance, coment me please!
In addition, corporations can, every so often, organize some creational activities, which may let workers feel a sense of belonging.
I watched lovery Bone.
Generally it is called a pickled ume in English.
I am going to graduate from Seoul National University of Techknowledge this year.
Afterwards, I would like to go to a graduate schoo.
My daunhter and I want to go to Egypt.
I will overcom many sufferings and difficulties.
I hope for oan early winter vacation.
This comic is the stoty of MUSASI MIYAMOTO.
The idea was pleasing to the hotel's collers.
It takes about 40 minits altogether.
It is a door that when you open it, you can get into wherever you want whthout moving.
My biografy
He proposed all of guests (4 people) to support for this couple because it's a mariage party.
In a foreigh country, is it not the custom?
I am going to visit Australia for my school excurcion next February.
So, I want to improve my English skill and know (more about) the Australianan culture.
and in my job there are opportunities to meet foreign vistor.
I have been at North Calolina for 2 month.
But unfortunatly, my English skills still remain poor.
This temprory job ends at the end of this month.
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamilier place.
So, I had my boss buy some vesetables for me.
After I recieved them last night, I kept them in the refrigerater.
However, it may cause air or watter pollution and noise which comes from factory disposal.
It's becuase I'm connected to them.
But, there are circumstances at the orgnization.
My favorite movie is ``A PARFECT WORLD``.
Fainaly, Buch died because of a policeman acted by Clint Eastwood.
My Husband and I know that his work is very noisy, for example, cutting wood boads, color on spray and using a chain saw, etc.
I want to apologize about this problem to you and to the other neighborhoods.
:) I would like try using this webside, but I dontn't know how it works
I am not a Sumou fan and don't have a favorite Sumo wrestler.
Wow, it's Octorber NOW!
Shockngily, the room that I used to use became my father's hobby room, so I slept in the guest room but that was not so uncomfortable.
So cartoon arters work hard, out of every cartoon I love Tom and jerry
I don't have time to take a rest bacause I have a lot of reports to write by Saturday.
we often use Japanese grammer, but explaination is difficult.
It's an important professionnal cycling race.
I had lots of opportunities to have some fun and make freinds. However, I did not realize at that time how precious an opportunity I had.
It's quite ridiculous to prohibit her to call, mail and to have a mobile phone even though I have no idea about the Indian way of thinking or their common sence (or this is not about Indian but just my landlord as an indivisual).
today I had a lot of work but I was very lazyso I am not going to work. I have to go to chess training soon so I need to sit in the sawna and take a cold shower. However, since it is awinter, I must take a cold shower after the sawna and then I will go the chess training (or Chess Class) because I will play an important match next week. please pray for me to win ok
Thanks for yout help to improve this passage.
Japanese is easier than Eglish.
As soon as we finished eatting, my girlfriend and I left the living room and stretched together.
What shoud I do if a rat-mistakingly eating the poison and suffering-jumps from the kitchen cabinet?
The ceremony about mourning the pople who died from this bomb has been held every year; this year it is even more historical because the representatives from western countories participated in the ceremony, especialy the United States.
This change was due to the speach that was given by President Obama in Berlin.
What I was most impressed by, was that the cecretary General Mr.
Ban Ki-moon read a speach, speaking storongly, about how it is necessary to have a storong will to achieve world peace without Nuclear weapons.
He visited and made some speaches in Japan over those feelings.
I'm not sure how to tip at a restaulant because I've just moved to America and my mother country Japan doesn't have such a custom.
If I do 3, shuld I write an amount of the tip down in the bill?
Soon I wii take an English exam.
I graduated from my junoir college on 15th March.
I sometimes dislike her because she scolds me for not follwing what she says.
ysstuday was Sunday.
Next year `s simbol animal is the rabbit.
I have decided to post voice journals here, because there are only so many oppotunities to speak English in my everyday life.
I went to the shopping mall becasue my daughter wanted to go.
Unexpectly, I fell into the deep lane that was used only by adults.
In Japan, after having graduated from college, most of japansese students work immediatly continues to stay within the company for at least 3 to 5 years.
While I took a look around in the Vietanmese mom-and-pop store, he petted my shoulder and said, ``Here you go, a Vietnamese sandwhich.``
At recess today, he still pulled me to the corner again and asked me if I wanted the pulms and vegetables.
He knows that I uaually cooked on my own to save money.
They should use English in evey sityation.
Halloweem party
Actually, it dipends on the person.
Today I changed my hair color because my brown hair was so bad and my hair was so damaged:(I dicided to change my hair color!!
Question 2, ``Where was the port that the Blanck Ships (called the' Kurofune 'in Japanese.
However sadely, still I still haven't worked through what I am going to do for my happiness.
That way he's always have a meal beyound midnight and talking, trying to get me to eat with him.
I wish that Korean schools were more free like foeign schools.
I studayed English from 7am to 9am this mornning.
Yesterday, I started a new activty, Capoeira!
When I tried to buy the ticket for the film, I wss recommended by the clerk to watch the 3D version, but I heard from my friends that some people tend to feel sick while watching 3D films.
Especially the last scene of the film, the battle between Harry and Voldemote was impressive!
I am a sales person, so it is okay since I have a contract nowadays. (I am the secoud peoson who has the highest sales.)
I mainly do the kind of simple, repeative work that anybody could do
We're going to move to another building next week so today all of us cowokers were packing a lot of stuff.
sorry for the (irrelevant) detalis.
This is my frist time coming here. I learned of this website from my teacher and found it to be a really good place to study English. At the same time, I want to make some friends here!
Whatever my roomates and I will solve that.
This time I know the person who can be friend or just have diatance.
I lived with my parents and my elder sister who is married and raising her son and daughter with her hasband.
And I'm learning Japanese tea celemony once a week.
I'm interested in Japanese traditional culture, such as tea celemony, kimono, and Japanese flower arrangement.
Some people wear kimono often or everyday (for example, those who are obsessed with Japanese culture, who learn/ teach tea celemoney, Japanese manners and Japanese flower arrangements...
We don't do tea celemony in daily life except when our families or ourselves are famillier with it.
When I learn tea celemoney, I became eager to learn good handwriting, languages, behaviour, and flower arrangements.
whe I learn martial arts, I become eager to learn behaviour.
As a begineer, you need to have every skill at a beginner's level.
If you go intermidiate in one genre, you need to have skills which are better than a beginner's also in other genres.
I will try writing about these things I learnd.
Dec 10th: Sherk 3
I watched 'Sherk 3' on TV tonight.
In fact it is very usefull and has a cool design.
The sweadish man said '' Kampai '' every fifteen munits.
After just 5 munits, the sake bottle was empty.
Although the waves were samll, there were a lot of surfers in the sea.
The shape of the Tengu was like a human being but he had wings and could fly so we adopted it as our mascot and our filght squadron's guardian angel.
Actually, each squadron's flight time for the year is assigned by our headquater.
``Yes, just do it!``. I praised mysellf so much that I only ate a cup of sesame paste, a banana and an apple as my supper.
to look on the brite side!
There were a lot of people wearing costumes; they were cazy and funky.
Now, I am in the middle of preparig for exams,
He isn't famous among Japanese, because he didn't have a professinal carrer in Japan.
It was an amazing trip due to beautiful sinery in the country.
I saw native Australian animals such as Kanggaroo, koalas and many varieties of birds.
The scenary was overwhelming and the conpany was smart and decent.
Teacher said that Espressions of frequency, speed, and duration do not use 'in'.
I work very hard and I get so tired from working from morning till everning.
I talked with my frinds who live in Japan by skype after so long.
Since they have not changed a bit, I was releved.
I listened to their story, they are still having a hard time due to earthquake and erectric powar plant in Fukushima.
I cught a cold...:(
And I cught a cold today.
So, I my cold goes away soon so I can avoid going to the hospotal!
Hallo every one!
Probably, I am not interested in that topic, my vacubulary is not enough or my English is still very poor.
We dicussed about smoking.
Indian parents teach their children smoking, but their least age is 2 years old and yet, they can already smoke several cigarets a day.
He was sophisticated like an adult and can smoke 2 cigareets at the same time.
Parents should be responsible for their childen. They must protect and guide them to a right direction.
I hope my English will get better if I could continue writting a diary in English.
I mean, we were too busy both mentally and phisically to take time for others.
To solve these problems, I shoud relax a bit.
Yesterday I went to a Korean restaurant with my close female freiends.
We were chilling out with deliciouce dishes and drinks.
I was invited to go skaring by my frinds today.
Actually my Silent Night, was really nothing specil.
From the first day I cut my long hair untill now, I can't remember how many times I have cut my hair.
I am a colleage sudent in China.
After the graduation ceremony for junior high school, I called at her house by using the yearbook which told me her adress.
I want to introduce the Hanbok to foreigners because it is very color, and
I thought the hanbok was very old fashioned and not unchic,
hanbok is very speical.
Hallo, everyone.
I want to see a lot of forghren poems.
Of couse, I want to see Japanese poems too!
Please cheak it!
I learned a lot of nwe words dealing with financial vocabulary.
I got a serious headacke this morning while sitting in my cubical, so I took a half day off and left work at 1pm.
Well, if anyone who happens to see this entry, and is interested in getting a Chinese New Year card, pls let me know:D I guarantee the card is gon to be cute, and Chinese:)
A casette tape changed into a robot, or a gun changed into a robot...
If you get it up onto an Internet auction, collecter will buy it for half million yen. ``
Then I wwanted to exhibit some things to Yahoo auction, abbreviated to Yahuoku, which is similar to eBay.
I was very busy April because of recruting. (job hunting?)
Feeling bodyache
Because I have to contact another foriener buyer by phone today.
Today I'm goint to write about my career.
Even if I try to find lauguage exchange, they think I'm a boring and bothersome girl.
I couldn't stop staring at the beauthiful phone,
I believe that this whole swine flu panic is steered by the media to improve the econimic situation.
In my opinion, everything that has happened is very artifitial.
Some Japanese office workers dream about living in the town because it doesn't have a train station, hence it's difficult to comute to business zones/ districts such as those in Tokyo.
But I chose to live in Hayama despite the long comute time, I work in Shimbashi central of Tokyo.
I went to some Yokohama ramen restaulants this time.
I will write down the list of good or famous ramen restaulants here.
She taught me the importance not to give up and we can get a happiness to keep tring.
I'm kind of a perfectionist and once I start a role playing game, I don't stop it till I perfectly copmlete it.
It's like an obligation to collect all the items that exsit in the game and acquire all the abilities.
Usually, people in western countries will celebrate Christmas Day with ethusiastic, and as theirculture globalised, we in the east havealso started to note Christmas Day.
And it seems an honor to me that I reveived an apple from my little sister.
Is it true that Father Christmas will send gifts to us this everning?
I will have a chane to travel to Thailand ~
my house phone has droken down
Contiuing to do something is very wonderful.
Before caming to Keelung, I heard the rumor about A City of Sadness.
I don't need money or anything, but just a response as to what you think of my idea. Would you be satiisfied with it?
And this can also eliminate what causes confliction, such as misunderstanding about their customs,
and he determined that he will do ``The last concert`` fot his young baby.
The last concert was so imfressived to me.
I tosted some bread with the toaster and I ate the bread without spreading anything on it.
Nara is coverd by mountains and forests. About 77% of it.
Deer might atack you.
Various kinds of vegitables are pickled in a sakekasu. It has a little strong sake flavor.
See you tomorrou!
I don't know excetly when I can use ``any`` in sentence. I know it's difficult to expain.
She doesn't like to eat brackfast in the morning before she goes to school.
and also luch.
I asked her premis (?) me to eat brackfast before going to school.
She said she premis (?) eat brackfast in the morning.
What I study at university is mainly sunjects related to English, such as English linguistics, English education, American and British literature and so on.
Hi I'm a new menber
My name is Luca and I'm a new member in the comunity.
New year's day is already over as you and I know, but I still feel like I havn't regained the energy I had last year.
amd his exbition is held this year in KYOTO.
My mother tried to go there, but it is very populer and she had to wait in line for more than one or two hours...
Last Saturday, I ralaxed in my home with my family.
In fact, I feel very sad, but I stiil need to work, eat, and so on.
Now I'm gowing some scallions, turnips, and lettuce.
I think this one tastes good but my Europian freinds don't seem to like it that much.
Anyway, when we got there, we were the only customers in this restraunt.
First, it makes me to sweat easily than what I exepect befoe and this means that it is also helpful as an aerobic excercise.
Otherside, my major is not Chinese.
I really enjoyed working over ther.
Upon seeing what I bought, my little son looked disappointed because I bought more clothes for his elder brother and didn't buy shorts for him which I told him that I would buy one for himy.
I am using simple English vocabulary to wirte this diary.
I like English very much but my English writting is too bad.
The main street was crowded with so many tourtists, who came from home and abroad.
Theseday days, I'm doing a part time job to save up for a trip to England.
Before I took the class, I only read my vocabulary notebook for about three times a week, but I learnd many strategies in how to expand my vocabulary in my university.
Moreovre, I put vocabulary tags on my funiture.
Ironicly, these kind of movies aren't always historically accurate.
Snow couses many traffic delays here because it doesn't often snow.
Che Guebara
I wached movie about the life of Che Guevara.
I write poor English, so pleasae teach me English.
Girls are willing to forget the syrname given by their parents and fllow their husbands 'surnames.
I guess you could call me (a) ``Germinese,`` but please don't call me Chimany; it reminds me of the word ``chemney.``
The thphoon is coming to Japan now.
She imigrated from Korea to America 15 years ago.
I'm breakind my record of keeping good health for at least two years:)
My mather and I took a walk this evening.
Lots of people who were playing outdoos said that this kind of scenery was really beautiful.
I think I forgot all of the grammers and vocobularies.
I take care of myself, eat right, and excies.
Osechi!! (A Japanese tradtional dish)
The purpose of my part time job for me was to eat the most delicious dish in the cafetiria.
It was dilicious and its cost was low: 380yen.
But, my collegue told me that there is not a rainy season in NY and the weather this year is unlike the usual in NY.
I felt the climinate in Japan was getting warmer and warmer in several years.
We can see extraordinary climinate in every area across the globe.
Hello, everyone! My foreigh language teacher told me about this site. I had hardly opened my laptop when I came back home and made my first diary entry. I hope I can make more new friends from around the world.
This sentens explains the children `s liking.
I was given many feasts like a sand raice ball, a sand pancake, a sand juice, a sand meat,, etc.
But you may not exprience joy like that if a dying baby had not been rescued and grew larger.
Yesterday's movie is about when Shakespere wrote ``Romeo and Juliet``.
I like this movie and I can stady it.
So Sakespere wrote a passionate love.
Today is very summy day!
I went to interview at a Japanese resturant.
I have to be careful about figuring out my job and the way to achive my dream, because it is not like I'm very young, or like I have many options (since I don't have enough money).
So I will try to do my best to find my way and achive my dream, rather than being frustrated about my poor situation.
When I was elementaly scool, ALT teacher from Australia showed us pictures of Australian nature, sea, koalas and so on in his class.
And I have never gone abroad and see the senery apart from Japan.
So I saw such a senery of picture for the first time and
Of cource, Kabuki, Waka, Samurai, Yamato, Wabi Sabi and so on.
In 'The Last Samurai', which stars Tom Cruis, this idea is the subject.
Aftrer the war, we succeeden economically, but we lost our culture.
I believe this is the best chance for Japanese people to regain our identiyi and culture and to work together.
It's gorgeus.
I went to Costco with my friens a few days before.
My friend recommed Cheerios to me.
I picked up my hasband this morning.
I thought it would be easy to get there, because today is sataday.
We take a walk a littel, then I heard dog's bark.
, we can be good friends! Please leave ur message and some comments. I apprecite it!!!
There is a gold accessories store next to my store and oppisited to Boost.
souvenire..
I play guitar, watch anime (yes, I `m one of_ thete_>_>), and learn English.
There are so many theories in one academic field. For example, in sofrware engineering, both Java and C + + are very useful programming languages.
In China, C + + is used more frequently than Java; consequently, theachers should pay more attention to C + +.
Students who learn more useful technology will have a big adventage in finding a job.
In some circumstances, theories in textbooks are no ues in real life.
Moreover, it is better studied on campass, in a lab, not in a company,
As Bertuard Russell said, ``Experice without learning is better than learing without experience.``
Every professor in a field that offers the opportunity to work outside, should; the others may stay on campass.
For students 'futures, universities should find more oppprtunities to give their professors.
Yes, I'm thin-skkined.
When I watche a TV program, I knew the store.
I'm a light dranker and I don't like alcohol.
Actully South Korean people usaully aren't interested about/ in North Korea.
actully I didn't know about my blood relatives before I saw it.
So, he deciede to go to China and go back to North Korea after finding some medicins.
I cried a few times when (while) I was wacthing the movie.
Thinking that if I was the man who had a sick wife but couldn't find the medicine and the food was dcreasing...
The song make me remember my life, my failth is shaking, feels lost with no deriction.
I can't wait to watch that, eithter!!
I'm looking forword to that.
I'll always smile toorrow:)
I wanna tell the charactor a crucial thing.
When I approched the operating room, I heard
After she had an operation, she quikly died.
And still, I have this eery idea I forgot about something...
American Idal, a TV program, is an good example.
For example, when estimating the number of balls in a jar or the murder rate in New York city, the errors between the crowds always be cancelled out by each other so that the average answer is often surprisly accurate.
I watched hich school musicla at first, it's very interested and powerful.
Today, I nearly slept in the inmidst of doing work.
I hope to have better house, earn more money, provide my chid with a good education, buy what I want and go for a trip...
It is Novenver and winter will soon come!
So many shops sell snowbord and snowbord wear.
We went in the shops and looked at the many bords.
My height is 165cm, so I should use a bord about 145-155 cms. long.
I found my faborite design.
I looked at the underside of the bord.
I, of couse, looked at the price tag.
At last, I found a good boad.
Morton Island is the biggest island made of sands in the worls so it has many deserts.
maximum: You need to pay maximum attention whe you use gasoline.
minimum: I think his immidiate action kept the damage minimum. (just minimum seems wierd...
I met my laguage exchange partner today.
Keep studying, it is hard but really issential
In addition, he recommended me to read many books, not only Japanese literature but also foreigun ones.
This would broden my outlook on life.
I heard about this web site from my co-woker today.
I'm very excited to learn this system, and I'm looking foward to trying it out!
That's my favoite team.
I'm always surprised by people here who keep thier journals in a foreign language.
I elnvy them.
When we met, we didnt know where the ``budaezzigae`` restaurent was.
So we walked to look for the restaurent for an hour.
We found the restaurent in the end.
I caght a cold
Those are sympton of a cold.
I caght a cold today:(
Some of my friends have been to concerts and they all say they enjoyed them soooooooo much, and whenever I hearthem say sayin like that, I envy them so much.
Kagawa who plays for Borssia Dortmund in Germany got the goal.
It was beautful goal.
The consective hollidays, an event which lasted for about 10 days, was over.
Consequently, we now have a hard time living economicaly
So I will write messageto this week.
The goverment imposed a tax on carbonated drinks (like Coke), and every food has a label indicating nutrition, especially trans-fat.
As they heartly congratulated us hearing our news, I was very relieved.
By writing down the daily events, I also aime to review each day and make the next day better.
Now I can concentrate my attention on the final examenations and essays.
Tomorrow is my birthday. I can't waite to know what suprise my classmates might give me.
I believe that tomorrow will be an unforgetable day because of my lovely friends.
When I began running, expecially longer distances (it took me awhile to build up to that, though), I would go to bed and welcome the sweet release of sleep.
Yes, I am writting this diary with a brand new PC!
It takes 30 minitus from here to Tokyo.
I registered for this site to study language. My friend recommened
My teacher is an amusing guy. He asked Turk to taugh us Turkish, and asked me to taugh them Chinese.
After the class, I bought a botton of local wein (a kind of sparkling white wine which has low alcoholic strength) in order to celebrate X-mas.
Hokkaido Pollac
Today, I offered Hkkaido pollock to our Chinese cliant.
because Japan has a large quantity of pollock, but the maket is small.
My Chinese cliant will sell the pollock to the Chinese market.
Yesterday, we had a tourament but unfortunately we weren't able to win.
As soon as I entered thepub, I droke soju (korea alcohol).
Well, that's nice and full of sunshine and sweety smiles.
All the bueatiful things depressed me.
After graduating from college, I want to go to France to study for my Master's dgree.
I caught a female beatle on my way home from the office despite that there are not many trees around here.
I went to my friend's hous.
I like spicy food such as Kimuch that is Kolean food.
It contains lots of red chile
But I still want to write it, because maybe I can have a good experiance.
I'll se in the future....
I'll eat at a restrant in the department store.
but first, I will go to starbacks.
I read books, write dialy and sutdy English in there.
The dog's story is broudcasting by NHK radio and an English course on TV.
Some runnner give up without finishing the race due to extremery dehydration and low blood sugar.
Yes, this race is difficult because runnners run almost 20 km.
Especially, this race is separated 10 sections between Otemachi, Tokyo and Hakone (5 sections for one way), and runnners must run 850 meter above sea level in the 5th section.
And the reason why I am so attracted to this race is that the runnner's perseverance encourage me to persevere no matter what happens.
but when I read the diary abou my ex-girlfriend, I decided to update my diary,
I didn't answer him, bacause I knew that he just wanted to remind me that I should be serious about dancing, and not be worried about anyone else's opinion.
Also he is very smart and good at archtecture and history.
We can speak to them and teach them what is wrong and what is right and in the long term that will be more effective than hittng them.
Trouble is kind of a trandmark of children.
I have to go to univercity now.
Is American English pronunciation diffirent from British English one?
Later I helpt two friens to correct their Chinese writing.
* Do experiment (changing the mediume)
There are chain restaurant whose plices of foods aren't so different from those at Macdonalds.
I yearn after them, because they have brond hair, and blue or brown eyes, and high noses, and they have very good style.
Okay, I am going to listen to an English drama first, starting with ``Frisnds``.
I enjoyed the food, the nature and the festivitiy of the small town very much.
but I perfer Chinese.
We cannot use the exact words (we would like) to express ourselves. hat's more In addition to that, most of the grammer we learned in high school has been forgetten.
I have a lof of friends from Lang-8.
They gave me the power to study English. They would cher me up and make me feel warm inside. I will now read a book and comback to use my computer again.
Although there are some opinions that cars have many profits, I think that they have had a greater negative impact on various things than a benefitical impact.
There are two reasons: worsing the environment and decreasing a chance of communication.
The first reason is the emvironment being harmed by exhast gases.
The exhaust gases from cars affect the emvironment in various negative ways.
The second reason is a decrease in oppotunity for communication.
But I think it is umprofit for us to continue using them.
It's quite different from the standard Paintball in most part to its rules and military characteristics like tatics, strategies, missions and moves.
I am quite dissapointed.
I bought a book called the 4-hour week from Amazon and I am impressed with the speed of the buing process
She's also been vaccianted every year.
Today, I will meet a colledge student who is looking for a job.
She is eager to resarch many kinds of jobs.
The above was made by his mother (my wife, of cource).:-)
Rrcently I can't take pictures.
I have pain throughtout my body because of it.
and I am really looking forward to seein you sometime in the coming next couple of months.
anywayz, happy birthday sweet heart! (dear friend)
Acturally, she would have left the day before, but because her plane had engine trouble, she had to stay there for one more night.
This week I've been relaxing, I went to Uni., stayed home, ordinaly days...
There will be a party organized by ``Bape``-the famouse Japanese fashion brand-@ ``Club World`` in Koyoto.
someting but not empty in my heart
I was dipressed today.
I felt lonley.
Use my time effitiently!
I thought the answe was (a), but the answer is (c).
Because of this, I set aside time to exersise.
Fortunately, I have a VIP card, so I enjoyed a discouct of 10%.
I don't have time now becouse this year I have exams...
I used to learn English, Japanes, and French.
Fortunately it is easier to learn Chiense characters for Japanese, because we use them in our language.
We improted the Chiense characters to our language hundreds of years ago, and the meaning of most of the words are still the same.
I'm lonly.
I wretten a letter today.
Is tha right?
Studying Enblish
She lilves in US, and is studying to be a nurse.
She was groing up with adopted parents.
She says that being alone is confortable.....
Her caracter is cheerful.
I think she willspend have a happy life.
Fortunetly, I passed the 1st test at Korea University Medical Center.
The 2nd test is agroup inerview so it's more important than 1st test.
I wrote not long ago, because I got discouraget by learning English.
Recently I had depresion because I didn't see the meaning of life.
I heard in news that many Rossian people drowned because they were swimming in the river while drinking vodka to cool down.
Is this global warming effection?
It tasted yammy because it was free.
I forgot to bring a thoothbrush.
So after that, I mailed her ``I know your kind heart and ability to chat sencerely``.
There is Chinese cabbage, spinach and Japanese radish in the frige.
Of cource, I lilke Euclid as the great mathematician.
becose commuting by train becomes very hot and makes me feel bad!!
I'm looking forword to my friend's mariage!!
I think the hotel gets (/ holds) a lot marrige per day.
I was so exercited.
My husband was a systems engineer, but he quit his job last year and has been preparing to becaming a physical training instructor (physical trainer).
Today I cooked spaghettie Bolognese for lunch and baked a sea bream, tai [?] with vegetables for dinner.
My husband tored his Achilles 'tendon on the 9th of Octorber, and he hasn't been able to work for two weeks.
One collegue's husband who is an IT consultant, said to me.
But I'm embarrassed to say that THANK TOU for raising me until now.
Ttoday I made spaghetti.
Whendever I make spaghetti, I feel proud of myself.
I was shoked wnen I saw this changes in Alice.
Today is a beautiful day. I woke up at 9 o `clock, and had more delious food for breakfast.
In the afternoon, I surfed the interent.
That was taugh for a single girl in China.
Although they've already brokenup, their music is cherring people up.
I've been studying until now, for abourt 3 months.
There was a lot of delicias food,
some drinks like Champane, wine and beer
& plesant conversation& Dancing!
Wow I havn't known about this briliant site.
North and West Europe composed the largest portaion of immigrants to Australia with 34%.
From these pie graphs, immigrants moving to Australia consisted of almost half of the new population in 2001 (,) although there was no significant growth in the total populaion.
I met my friend in on-line massenger r 2 days ago.
I think that I want to eat it somtimes.
I sometimes make mitakes when I write English.
It's actually not a long time after that thing, but it's seened to be a very long time for myself.
About love, Respect yourself, that's the most important thing I learned, if you want to give, just do it, never expect anything back but respect yourself, rub her/ him the right way is not the way you should do, be youself.
I'm very happy that my first diary entry had been correctedby Lang-8 firends so soon.
does anyone know UNY? I usualy sell
Can I say ``Every time I have to be the casher.``?
It means ``I have to work as a casher too.``
I had to translat to Thai the word ``craigslist`` but I can't find its meaning..
How do I prounce it?
We have to make lots of firends when we've done those things because we could get more information on Vietnamese culture.
But there is one thing we should be carefull to do and that is to take care of each other.
I LIKE Haging around people who like them ~!!
This picture is of my grandmather
Kailan ka ba pumunta doon?
A Total of 200 peaple participated in the session.
I that I had caught a cold this morning, so I was in a bad mood when I had our hand-pianting class.
I was so exicited, the adrenaline rushing to my head.
That night, I couldn't sleep at all, because I was so exitited.
Not sleeping on the transf (p) ortation is a kind of my bizarre habbit.
no matter how I finish this reserch
I can't explan.
Can you expanation to me?
Tommorow is the 16th.
If it pased a year, it is 380th.
The waitresses had to be so strikc to control the time that a person took eating a meal
The subjects were verious, such as about experiences from jobs to the funny things.
My pehew is coming home.
It was the book I had borrowed once but faniled to finish reading because the due date was up.
Today I just watched the lastest episode of 'Gossip Girl.' What pleases me is that I think the story is going back to normal. I mean, the last couple of episodes have been kind of ridiculous.
And in fact, I wouldl never have the lives like theirs.
Nate, one of the charactor in 'Gossip girl,' said, ``Growing up, I never knew what I was supposed to be...``
This moive is really famos in Thai.
The man who running on the elephant is really good at (kick?) boxing and did not use a stant man...
When you come back to your country maybe you should work for a few years to prepar for studying at university.
In my opinion, travel or work for a year will give the students a lot of expereinces that will make them successful in the futuer.
This week, we'll llreturn to lighter meals.
The item whitch is used for erasing pencil wiritig is called 'eraser' in America, and 'rubber' in England, right?
This sound file was made by me and my American friend who is learnig Japanese.
We, for the first time, acutually talked to each other.
Even my brother, who never ramember the date of my birthday (but you can see it's not a problem)), told me that everything that I paint sucks and presented me with a picture.)
I did mathmatics and Japanese. It was fun that I did homework.
I ate a yammy bar of chocolate
write your five items in the coomments, if it isn't difficult for you =)
I can learn not only English communication but also business skills like how to be a good facilitator and how to negosiate effectively.
There were many games, such as, Hula-Hoop Throwing Game (a conpetition on how long they throw), Catching Paper With Chopsticks, Scooping Water Walloon, Dropping 1 Yen Coin to the bins in an aquarium tank, Pitching Game, and so on.
And there was a boose giving snow cup with syrups as a present to those who played three games.
So, if the school is a member of this neighborfood community,
Imagine you want to buy a melon for 500 yen (fixed price). You have 100 yen coins, 50 yan coins and 10 yen coins.
How to learn the fandament of other languages
The first step in studying Langage
I strugled to find the way to learn other languages efficiently. (or effectively).
I didn't have enough money to go to a langage school,
After 5 years of looking, I found one of the ways to understand the faoundation of otther langages.
I think we have to fill our brain with the fandamental sentenses of the new langage.
When we have to use the langage,
the sentenses will appear automatically.
To fill up your brain with the sentenses,
This text exprain the way of fandamental training.
Of cours the method can be applied to other texts containing fandamental sentenses with CD
I'm looking forward to the day that I can exprain the effectiveness of this method for gaining ability in foreign languages.
However, it was not planned and there was dvidences.
Spending a foreign festival like Christmas in a ``foreigal`` place seems very interesting.
And that means the exams are right around the coner.
Perhaps it is due to our esucation systerm-you come to school to study, the school gives you a mark on your paper.
Impartiality is what everyone purpsue, but no one really succeeds.
I live in Incheon with my famliy and puppy.
I go to Hanshin univercity.
Sometimes I forgot to do, because of my busy work, or heavy drunking...
Canada Dollar shepard chocolate!
He wears glasses, and always wears cotten pants.
The next day, a reunion party will be held and I will meet my old classmates at my elemntary school.
I develop new products of air conditioners making use of the tecknologies I have learnt these days.
Terefore, I go to Kyoto several times a year with my family.
Article 131.-The Federal Government shall formulate and keep the Risk Chart on water basins updated, in order to set in place the disaster prevention programs, which shall include soil and water conservation works as well as flood managemen.
The method of the moslim funeral is the brial.
But in the case of japnese Buddhism, it cremates a corpse and puts a bone in a pot by using chopsticks.
The cremination is decided by a law in Japan, and the brial is permitted only in some areas.
I absolutly love English and I need more practice talking with native English speakers, so I would love it if you add me to your Skype list.
Today, my university finiished first semester.
Firdt, I want to go to Wakayama, (comma)
I've dedided...
I am posting another text bwloq.
For ``Domesctic Sewage``, Salo Paulo reported the highest figure of these countries with 65%, followed by Taipei (50%) and New York (41%).
Aside from them, Tokyo reported ``presticides`` as the water pollutant with 31% whereas the amount was much smaller in Sao Paulo and New York with only 9% and 6% respectively.
Tokyo also showed a higher percentage of ``Erosion`` with 23% as well as ``Demestic Sewage`` and ``Phospharates in detergents``, which were higher than that of other coutries.
There are significant differences between the four pollusions in the three cities.
I'm borred
Sometime I laughted, sometime I cried.
Anyway, today is Rodorigo's birthday.
Happy Birthday, Rodorigo!!
cheap, the engine sound is quiet, the interia is kind of clean, and the exterior has
a few blems, even though it is old and has high mileage.
There are 3 big problems, oil leaking, radiation, and blake pads,
Snowing aroumd here was very rare.
Now, it's a beautifull day today
I love this site, and I want to make frends through it.
I remembered my past work untill now and inputted it to the Excel.
This activity was intersting because I was able to discover my work style and my strengths and weaknesses.
Nice cut designner
They are usualy cooked in Sukiyaki, Tempura, and so on.
I'm not sure where we're going, but we'll be sure to go somewhere where we can have king crab. My boyfriend may not want to go, because he always feels tired. He's yawing at the monent, but I will make him come along.
There are old temples and histrical places.
We dicided to call a salvage company to haul them away.
I haerd muscle is heavier than fat.
Exchange languaje
My interpersonal skill for English is better than my writting however I need more practice.
I don't mind if your interpersonal skill for Spanish is not very good, I think that if we work together, we can improve our cualities.
Do you often use formal words and with a straigt face on your usual conversations?
Peaple said he has such nice manners.
I saw pictures abou that.
Probably, I will become addicted to this SNS and try to upload my dialies (daily thoughts?).
Does it furthurmore mean that you ``make them sad`` or ``hurt their feelings``?
It `s my first time on this webside, and I don` t know how to use it apropriate, but I hope that I will meet new friends and they will help me.
I would like to speak English fluently, but I do not have friends who speak English, so I have been learning English for sereral years, and my knowledge is still not enough!!!!
And in my researh activity about oncology, I thought I didn't have any choice but to enter a med school to study the medicine.
Eventualy I became a medical student.
(In Japan, in Febraly there are entrance exams for most universities.)
Snow fell yesterday early in the moring but it melted.
my favorite coffe is always ``Today's coffe``.
Of course, I have a cup of delicious coffes when I go to there,
but my real reason for going is not only todrink coffe.
To my seprise when I came to his house, it was very chean.
Today is thanksginving day, and I am at my friend's house.
I've taken a nap at least 7 hours in the last 4 datys, and I eat my fill every day.
And we will have to go to the another shop wiche is near my house.
I went to catch squirrels last Sunday. The rain made the hillsides became a little wet, so we sould watch our step and tried not to fall down.
We all went to a summer festival held in Mukaigahara which was held at a nursery schol near my house.
I've been listening to his songs recentry.
I like Masaharu Fukuyam too, they are similer.
One of my favorite movies is ``Innocent Steps`` which was produced in korean.
After I woke up, I went to a Thai restaurant where a my freind works.
One of my friends began to study English and he indroduce this website to me.
I love languages, in particlar, the sound of English.
Umm, sorry, I'm nagative today, isn't it?
I felt that I need to improve Engilsh for litening and speaking.
Luckily, I finished my exam already, and I can celebrate Christmas wholeheartly
I think you should decide to keep the maintenance time on a regular basis, becaues a lot of people have signed up to this site lately and you will have to keep the configulation simple and clear all the time.
I am practicing listning to English.
So I told him that he should work on it litte by little every day from the beginning.
Of course, he won't be able to prepare for the test on the first day afer the holiday...
I found this good webiste and I thought it can help me learng english better.
Pleasae, reply for me!
And now, I'm going to play on my home cort because I need to practice for the match tommorrow:)!
Its desigh is very good.
I always listen to their English conversations, but I still can't fully understand (white and black people's English are very difficul to understand for supid Japanese) lol.
I would add a little soy sause and natto, too.
They had a granddougter-daughter, Mashenka.
Her-friends wanted to go to the forest for mashrooms and berries.
I bought coffie, patbingsu, and pizza.
My older oldbrother is Sin.
My first day with a foreign firend on the internet
Thanks to globlization, a Taiwanese person and a Japanese person can chat in English, we are able to communicate on the internet even though our mother tongues are different.
Looking back on my past entries, I'm pretty surpirsed how horribel my English was, and at the same time, happy to see improvements in myself.
I recomend this movie.
In this context, the word, ``clutch`` functions as an adjective in order to descibe
I belived what you said completely at that time... ``I thought to myself.
My personality is eazygoing and outgoing.
If someone has any qestion, just ask me.
I'm too lazy to customize my page with HTML, and some pages have too many apprications.
I wish I had frends who could speak English!
I had some vegitable juice.
Not noly because Chinese New Year is comming,
I'm leseening to good musik.
She makes beautiful, exciting music and perfomes perfectly.
An expart said, ``When you say negative words to yourself, your brain has only negative images.
My office needs to help many customers? So, sturday and Sunday are working days for me.
Now I'm writing a journal at Urawa Central City Libirary while sitting beside a large window.
I `ve been feeling bad for the past 30 minitues.
Wecome back, robins!
We were looking forwad to seeing the pair raising a brood.
I wish my Engish writing skills would get better
Sorry, I can't wirte English well tonight because I'm drunk and
I want to play painball next holiday..
becouse my house is situated near the sea
I'm tired of translating from Chinese to English, so I'm writting this diary without translating.
I know my English is very poor, but I realy like learning it.
So I decided to resume my studies by writing in my diariy here.
This made me recognize that communication to others, especically people not only Japanese, is very fun.
Sevaral months ago, I went to Montain Tai with a friend of mine and her mother.
but our familly didn't have buchimgae.
fm is a lunguage study site.
I took an examination in phisics today.
But I still have tests in, mathematics, English, German, and electric curcuit.
I know it's not that big of a deal, but I wanna stay in sharpe.
Ukraine has a very old history. Many tuorists from other countries come here!!
We have many places vere we can spend time tougether!
I houpe you will help me with my English.))
It is said that he killed a Brilish 22-year old woman who was an English teacher living in Japan.
I'm a commer.
I hope someone can see it and halp me by
modifying my article or intrduce a good way of improving English.
I must learn English, but evryone knows my level is too low.
When I was a juniour high school student, my English class teacher laghed at me, because my pronunciation was unique for him.
hope I can bear to live in another provience or city.
My teacher aksed us to write a personal statement, and she showed us some examples in which there were various tragedies such as parent divorce, serious illness, and car accidnet.
I 'm intrested in history, literature, sport, geografy, religious etc.
I haven 't done too many interesting things recently, because I' ve been so busy in conection with the end of the semester at school but winter holidays are close;)
I've been 2chan mad for a decade, and I deeply like hutaba Channel, which influenced 4chan's culture and structure.
Compared to 2chan, thier hatred seems disorganized.
On 2chan, they attack mainly weak people. Especially Koreans or Chinese in Janan, integrated people, women, and anyone with a percieved weakness.
Hello, veryone, I have come back.
and then read it again atfer one has finished finished writing it.
No doubt, it is kind of traditional Confucianiam.
For my part, I firmly believe that one who has a kind-heart should be given a reward or applous.
London has so meny people and it's too expencive...
I can read Japanese but can't type in Japanes...
I have sooo meny stories to tell about Monaco.
I have an eanjoyable time each lesson, In addition I feel confortable when I carry out the procedure for making tea.
In Japan, there are not any traditions of having a long summer time vation, as in France.
I think I am overslep.
I can't believe a song could make me feel so sad. It had really nice lylics though.
I was so happy asa well that I still could a friend who still remembered me after one year.
I felt a bit sorry, however, they smiled at me and said ``Eat more:) although there wasn't pelnty of food
I could make friends with many people thurough being a volunteer.
So, I `ll study hard and find something intereste about economics.
Strangely, many people don't understant that sometimes a man watches it just alone and some people feel shy (about it).
So I revise the lessions I have leart during the holiday.
I'm afried I can't be the best in our class.
I Wish I can get a goog result.
I bought juice which was a fruit and vegetable mixture, I thought it could improve my immunity, but it was too cold, and I had to mix hot water in. The funny thing was tha I couldn't measure how much hot water I needed, so the mixture was either (too) hot or (too) cold, which made my throat (even) more uncomfortable T_ T.
After three years I listend to his music again because one of his music videos, ``man in the mirror`` I was shoked by this video, I didn't know what to say, I was impacted. Comment: Me too
I found that I hadn't see all his music videos, I didin't really know him, afterward I read some information about him.
If you would like to learn contonese or chinses, I can help you.
I wonder what clothes are suitable for gests.
I heard Americans give the couple presents from a wish list. Is this ture?
I highly recommand the film as well.
I like photo booth machines, so I always take a phote inside them.
I'd like to know if there are photo booth machines in foreign contries.
They seem to enjoy taking the phote.
Until before, I heard my recorded voice but my voice is a little bit strange to me and I felt ashame and funny.
Pleae proofread it.
Especialy they often have an original or special lunch.
UNIQLO and Theire Business Strategy
One of theire feature items is the so-called 'heat tech inner.``
In my opinion, what he said is true. However, when you are at the top, you are also responsible for your co-workers and theire family.
You may need financial support from your parents. Some people succeed very easily because of theire family.
Now I just read the latest news that UNIQLO has announced that they are going to change theire company's common language to English from 2012-2013 in order to keep up with global growth.
I find that Chiese exams are more difficult than English exams.
which laugage should I choose?
germany-I have learned/ studied it for one year, but I can only read without understanding its meaning.
They were very embarrased about this. It was very funny.
By the time I get marrige, I will have gone to Este six times.
My First Singn-In
If you understand my meaning and I kown what you mean then that is enough.
What do you think of this suplement?
and diabetes. This suplement is just like an all-around medicine.
compare someone who shrases the bad and good
but, most of all my best friend is like me in evey way.
Recentry, the junkyard where I work is very dull.
The customer was so delighted/ enraptured that he adviced the old woman to change the name of the shop from 'Kakegawa-local power rice cakes' to simply 'Cat rice cakes' to attract customers to the business.
In a sense a custumer named their specialty 'Cat rice cakes'.
I think non-ricense writers should be appriciated more.
There was not a tunami afterward today though,
-The size of his house gave me a shoke.
-As far as I know, most Korean and japanse people know what the ``general character of each blood type`` is and I think they take its significance seriously.
I'd lile to communicate with the English-speaking users and start to study English right now.
So don't hasitate to contact with me.
I'm Going To Go To Costoco
Have you ever gone to Costoco?
What do you recomend?
Please don't chang all of the sentence into new sentences...
Though some people believe a considerable proporton of rural students would put great effort into learning, it is manifeast that there really is a phenomenon that rural students are more prone to have difficulty entering university.
When I was a kid, I stayed at my granpa and granma's house every month.
After bathing, he alwasy took his tooth out of his mouth.
I told my mother about this afete I grew up, she laughed.
The woman in the video, whose name is Aum, is really popular in Thailand. Men love her becasue she looks sexy.
My sons recived their presents from Santa.
and I belive I can do it!!
GUMDAM (RX78-2)
What singers do you like in Japam?
To tell the truth, I went to Vienner for a school trip last summer and saw some of Otto Wagner's buildings.
This post office, the Savings Bank, is one of the World Heritagesite sites in Vienner.
I don't wana work anymore...
I was born and reised in Japane.
My doream is to have my own shop.
I'm styuding English and Chinese.
I didn't have any exprience doing the tasks required of the position.
She asked about my salary expection and how I could think I worth that much money.
She said my expection could be reached after I work for 2 or 3 years and I have to work from the most basic position.
The problem was that my expection salary was the common standard in graduates.
Since I go to a remote place I have not been before this is a good excecise.
It does not cost us a lot of money to go cyling.
Study abroad is neccary to speak a foreign language skillfully??
The year before last and last year I passed the first test but failed the sencond test.
I hope to pass the sencond test this year.
Yesterday I made new friedns at Lang-8 and I got my first correction on my entry ~
I had to clean my room befroe Chinese new year.
It was very exciting, important, happy, and peacehul for me.
I'm not good at Engulish.
English is very important comunication tool for talking to each other.
He is a fomous Japanese musician and a guitarist.
He appered on various TV shows, movie and CM.
Since at that time, I respeect him.
I stady English. (^. ^)
I start stady EngIish today.
I'm not sure if it works but I really want native speakers to point out which words I don't pronociate correctly.
The recent trend at my company is: ``Our company will take the cusutomer experience to the next level using digital technology.``
But now is the time to use IT for developing a cloose loop relationship between our stores and the customer.
anyway I went to the mountan which is famouse for rock climing a week ago.
we are feeling happy at first, but the higher we reach I got difficulties in brething> <.
finnaly, we arrived at the top!!!
I cooked curry with a pressure cooker at last nigt.
We went to a bomb shelter and listened some stories from Okinawa people and visited the musium.
I went to one of the most famouse aquariums in the world, a beautiful sea park and the catsle influenced by both China and Japan authorized as a world heritage building and so on.
I enjoied diving.
Accorinding to official information, Tokyo will be having a big earthquake
Recently I started to prepare evacuation equipment, food, towels, toilett
On the other side, you know, asians are little conservative sometimes, they control their emotions, but if something sad were to happend, they go out of control, and become temperamental.
It's (both) nomal and unnormal to you,
If you can find any mistakes in my diary, pleaze indicate.
But, something bad happend after taking my baby to a park with my mother-in-law.
I know she really likes talking, and she was realy happy to show her grandkid to her neighbors.
After stadying, I had a meeting for the shodo club.
trip (vietnum, Guam)
Do you know Rady GaGa?
for example, MAC, Lunasor, RMK, and so on.
I usualy push the reset botten each time when I boot my PC.
I want to see ``Abater`` and ``Alice`` some day.
We must think about having a good time for welcoming club members next yesr and so on.
One was a cream cheeze layer which was heavy, and the other was a strawberry layer which was sweet and sour.
That's why you have to orginize your work so it will be comfortable for you.
I decided to make a neckless using power stones.
The dessart I had was so good!!
We agreed it's best for us to break up and consentrate on our dreams.
After get back home, I am so sad because I notice she doesnn't call, send E-mail, talk by skype anymore.
Tommorrow is a holiday!!
I was punished by my ever so strong inclination to procastinate and procastinate.
I went to a Japanese restrant there with my host family.
The menu of the restrant includes Sushi!!
came bak after 3weeks
I was looking for the other one attentively. I looked into my bag carefully, turned back to check on the ground, but I faild to find it.
What was the happinest moment in your life? Workaholic guy.
The hapipinest moments in my life are when I achieve something at work.
For exapmle, I felt happy when I won a sales award at my workplace and I feel happy when customers give me a perfect score on a customer's surbey.
I like my job as a sales person because I can contribute to customers 'bussiness.
Working very hard is a part of Japanese culture and we can feel our happinest when we devote ourselves toward a customer's success.
I could see water from the sky covered the trees arond my house.
The day before yesterday I went to watch a moive with my friend arond my house. I was really scared and enjoyed it.
Do you like scarely moive???
Of couse, Most are from Chaina,
In Prticularly, writing and speaking skills.
Today, I found this SNS and. wrote a leter
read the paper and saied ``your english not enough``
This is one of my favorite tracks/ songs from this album.
My Colleage Life ~ ~
I major in Jpanese, which is supposed to be a time-consuming subject.
At the beginning of colleage life, I considered taking part in some clubs, and filled in some forms to hand in.
They're all older than me, so I ofen recieve useful help from them, and I am grateful for it.
After I got used to colleage life, the place which full of challenges, I began to think of how to balance the time betweeen studying and life.
lots time everday.
I attended a Japenese Speech Contest and won a prize.
And from now on I will try my best to become a successful colleage student, no matter how many difficulties comes.
Then I want to get my driver's lisence.
I think my memery is too bad, so I don't like to remember words.
The baby refused everything but the sugard yogurt and then the little scary frined burstout crying, my friend said.
I have the same experence actually, so I could understand totally how much she was embarrssed.
I felt guily so I hugged him for a while.
The situation that the babies 'mother saw seemed peacful and perfect.
You have to know how much your little dauther was stbborn!!!
Tokyo Disnyand!
Yesterday, I went to Tokyo Disnyland with my friends.
Although we could ride only three attactions because it was very crowded,
YOSAKOI is a poweful dancing competition and it encourages people.
However, it is necessary to revise the policy on electronic power, given the disaster of the nuclear accident caused by the Great Tohok Earthquake.
The main caractor Annie, who is twelve, likes running and drawing.
Recentry, I'm into DIY.
My syster `s boyfriend has sent me an invitation for this online game.
When I started playing it, I felt bored, because I have played Travien before which was an exciting game.
There is wood and other four luxuary materials from the other islands, so you can bring just one of them.
There is researc, where you can invent new bulidings and other extras, there are gods (this is a ancient Greek game), you can attack other players, and bulid new colonies in other islands, so you need to buy ships and bulild battleship.
If you feel like playing, I can send you an invitetion to the hungarian servers 'Lambda' and 'My':)
and I'm new member on lang-8, I hope I can find some friend who can teach me some languanges, and of couse correct my English.
Now when I try to say something in English, Japanese always comes to my mind first, althougt I still can't use (speak?) Japanese fluently.
My level is lower intermidiate.
Yesterday, I went to an Italian restaurant with my wife and my Korian friends who are a couple.
None of us can speak English well, but the funny thing is, we could communicate very smoothly because the pronounciation of English that my Korian friends speak was easier to listen to than a native American one.
Mistakes my Korian friends made were very similar to mine, such as tense and singlar/ plural.
He always said that I should practice Japanese more while I am in Japan, because it's hard to find a Japanses to practice with you in Taiwan.
I study English very hard, I got 90 points which is over average about 30 points in every exam, and I like dacing (jazz), I can do it well.
In a word, this Golde was golden for the movie market.
By the way, I will have fun with my famiry during golden week.
As it happned, my wife-to-be did not have a TV either.
Yesterday, it was my boyfreind's 24th brithday.
But in my opintion, all time is very important to me.
I need to earn more money so that I will make my wafe have a wonderful life.
I cannot bilieve I managed to live there before.
Our teacher asked everyone to choose a foreign paper, and interprete it into Chinese.
He listened quitely.
Sometimes he says his oppinion and I listen to it.
This picture was teked in a zoo
I heard that people in other countries are very interent in internships.
This was my frist lesson at the art therapy class.
) During our frist lesson, The teacher told us, ``Please image your life five, ten, and twenty years later. Even when you are an old person, then draw the different periods.``
When I became conscious, it was nealy 6: 00AM.
The teacher told me that my daughter is not good at saying the multipulation for 3X8 and 2X6.
My son who is 9 years old, doesn't like doning (his) homework.
I have thougt of new good tastes that don't sell in Japan.
I hit my head hard on the floor so I feel a bit weezy.
And so, I have to study some foriegn langauges.
If you have an interresting in cooking and studying German, read it, please.
My daughter is one year and therr months old.
Wearing shoes is strange for her, I guss.
In the afternoon I did my landry, baked muffin and studied for the test which I wrote about in this diary yesterday.
I'm going to go to bed earier today and I will wake up at 4: 30 tomorrow as usual, in order to prepare for the beginning of next nextweek.
I think I can keep good rithm for my lifestyle this way.
I like drawing with a boolpoint pen
When I was a child, I often used a boolpoint pen for drawing.
The boolpoing pen is thus useful for me.
If you finished a midical colledge you have to be able to diagnose this case.
Suddeny I felt something strange, and she looked ill.
The way she sings made me think so, and she seemed to be very confident to sing and enjoy singging and such.
But I really enjoied this race and
I tried to move it to a safe place, but before I did, it got up and starated to walk.
They are little Einsteins, totally free and always eagar to learn new things.
Of course you have to be careful not to force them to do things which seem/ are meaningful to grown-ups but don't mean anything to kids), and you shouldn't expect any immedate results.
What is an approoriate subject for small talk?
However, we shouldn't talk about money or private things such as politics and religion uless they mention it first.
There are many advandages to small talk.
Everithing stands on its head.
This year we are repearing and liming our home together with my son.
As the population density increases, various problems arise: air pollution, water pollution, lack of water, waste disporsal, and energy consumption.
He enjoyied the long slide.
But as I have been exposured to a lot of kinds of English on the net,
Even though they have Indian accents they seem to be okay to work and live in America or other English speaking countries as members of socities.
Are you interented in the news?
It's very difficult to understand all the imformation, for example, political, economic, and societal problems.
Some of my friends don't even know who the the prime misister is in my country.
I was really surpried and shocked.
We eat fabcy dinner (actually I eat KFC) and cake, and drink sparkling wine
Today is my birthday, but just like every year, nothing special or imporant happened the whole day.
I think maybe because people are busy with enjoying their summer holidays against the extremly high temperature.
I always feel it is defficult to talk about my work,
Besides, if you leave Obi just tied simply, it'll be loose because the cloth of Obi is broad and thick, so it needs to be delt with so that it'll keep in place for a long time.
I didn't go out exept when I needed to get food from the shops.
But in this case, I used soy sause.
But, I think it is neceessary to relax occasionally.
I was hurt by a storong team, which is the top team in my town.
finarry, I decided to keep playing baseball.
My teammate told me that ``You are abnormal and you shoul see a doctor.``
Presereved flower lesson
The rabit wearing green clothing is an easy-going guy.
I saw a movie yestetday, because I felt like seeing one.
My roommate recomended ``Skyline``.
UNIQLO is a brand name; its corporation's real name is The FAST RETAILING, established in Ube sity in Yamaguchi prefecture in the western area of Japan.
UNIQLOCK was published about a year ago, and is popular among geeks and people who are fashion concious. It is known as a very fashionable and techinical screensaver.
I think you will be suprised by the music and dancing.
I know it's important that I keep studing English to improve it.
I will start studing by podcast from now on!
Today's frist diary entry:
My co-worker's daugher has been infected by the swine fl
I hope the Swin flu issue will pass soon..
So if you want to study Chinese and your native language is Englsih, you can contact me.
leavesing your email address or send a text!:)///
Ahetr that I could meet him at around 7: 00pm.
It was the first time in alost 2years.
Every time I drink beer or some alchol, I always feel like going to Karoke!
I should be careful for not driking too much beer...
These days, dengerous luds were sneeking everywhere.
But I belive that God helps me all time.
Those are very healty.
Thus, women play an important role in the labor force.
I wrote this entry preparing for the writnig part of the IELTS.
Current Japanese custom of Siant Valentine's Day is changing that girls give chocolate to their boyfriend for that girls give it to their friends.
My Wacom Graphire3 tablet (computer drowing tool)
Therefore, I decided to change school to implove my English ability.
My new school is just close to my workplace and has a good enviroment.
So that is why I'd like to watch a movie without subutitles.
We did girltalk in a cafe over a cupputino and small cakes, which made me so happy.
A typhoon will get closer to Osaka my hometown tommorow morning.
A professer might say something important about the exam in the class.
My frist impression of him was not bad.
I lov rock 'n roll:)
but I lov bossa nova too:D
I often herad that many girls have no sense of direction.
2 weeks have pssed since I came to London.
Now I live in an international dormitory, but I cannot make any international friends here because my roommate is lso Japanese...
We have similer pespective on many things. I find that he's so funny and smart.
Just before we talked, he put his message for me in the chat box, and it said ``I missed you.`` I was happy about that he had thoght in a similer way that I had.
My ideal hause
She boughet a new cottage resently, so she invited guests to it.
It was a wondarful lake side cottage!
The lake is big and clear, and there is conveniene area.
Maybe it's difficult but I want to find an ideal house becouse we cannot live in it
Because I go library to studing English at 9: 00a. m.
In Korea, there are mamy holidays.
I can still see the grape trelis of the neighbour.
I'm studing in college.
Sunmer is soon coming, and I need to lose weight in a short time.
Sunmer, I love it, but I do not love fat!!!
In has been rainy this week in Hyougo, and the weather forecast says it will be rainy untill this weekend.
I had Nagasaki Champon and it was dericias!
I like Nagasaki Channpon.
After awhile the Ex-president opend his mouth.
I have to study mysel.
In my oppinion: The reasons people read books are:
This site is helpful to me, because I don't have the oppotunity to wtite in English.
Uncredably, we had to climb about 500 stairs to go there.
It was worht climbing all the way up there, we had beautiful view.
I carried out thier favor with pleasure.
Boys be ambtious!
In some areas of China, if a family gets a girl, the husband treats his frieands with red eggs and if it is a boy, the husband treats his friends with thered eggs with one black point on each of the eggs.
They will hold a concert which requir us to come wearing black clothes.
We are in a room on the second floor of my wife's parants 'house.
It was very intrested!
And feel so happy eberyday-thanks for eating icecream.
I did not want to watch such disgusting movies, but I am very a honest and sincere person, so I obeid his order.
Most Singapoean friends laughed at me land said ``You pervert, How cheeky you are, This is not your PC but your landlady's, Why did you do that?``.
So Japanese goverment made a dicision to stop providing electricity in Kanto distinct, even including the capital city, from tomorrow.
I like sports (especially karate, table tennis), and I also traveling, films, and photography.
I was alomost done.
Only foreingers, Asian people in paticular, live in the city.
If there were not Chinatowns in the city, Sdney would not be so active.
You will be able to see its huge and beauticul Chinatown.
Those discricts are not like Japan, but like China as well.
I hate the English airtcle systems.
So when average Japanese students study English, we are always suffering from these divils lol.
If English speakers study Japanese, is it difficult for them not to use the airtcle system?
Warszawa in Poland is very famous for hosting the International Fryderyk Chopin Piano Competition.
It's a day for returning a present to a person who gave me a present on Valentain's Day.
He had a brother nemed Moon.
Lately I have been thinking about how my life will be in the furture with my family and friends.
Okinawa is an iland and is situated south of Japan.
Okinawa has a unique culture, food, language and atmospher.
I have nt decided on any of the trip details as yet, but it will be nice trip ^ ^
I hope I can go to Eourpe in the future.
I have always liked Baroque music, espcially Vivaldi.
Which kindda ofgirls do u prefer?
But it's diffcult for me to talk to someone fluently.
l am Mahi. I'm a Japanese enjneer.
I hope I can speak and write English, and comunicate with some peaple!
There was a few minuits blackout, because there was a power/ electricity interruption in my house.
Today, I watched a documentaly program on TV.
I know that it comes from a famous Japanese cartoon and was reamade as a soap in Japan and Taiwan already.
But, after I saw the drama with freidns, I became hooked on it. ^ ^
Although it includes unrealstic situations, and is sometimes hard for me to understand, the main actors, who are called F4, are gorgeous and I can't [find a reason to] object to its popularity
I'm worring whether I can do it by the deadline.
Not Japanses music.
someting is wrong with my Skype mic.
It is a tough month at the univercity, but there is nothing to do about it.
On my Christmasmas list
I said on my Christmasmas list
She was diagnosed with a healty problem recently.
I shoule keep a record of my body's ailments.
I saw the beautiful snow, but tempreture go down.
One of the most beatful things in the world is watching a baby growing up.
``Kyle and nis men were able to take a great many photographs of the mountains below.``
soccer is played around the wrold.
I enjoyed palying soccer.
Now in the new millennium, scientific technology has increasingly advanced and the disparity between the wealthy and the needy have greatly enhanced. Some individuals have link the gap to the advanced technologyies.
However, from an empirical view, I really hard-pressed to imagine how the spectrum of technology has attributed to the wealth gap since it gose without saying that scientific technology candecrease disparity between the wealthy and needy.
To begin with, the proliferation of the information highway have taken possibility to the poor to operate a host of things, which would have been unrealiable two decades ago.
Moreover, it is wild acknowledged that the mobil phone, one of the most significant inventions in twenty century, has transformed individuals 'lives into highly efficient and convient living, especially for the poor.
By pressing a button, we can connect with anyone anywhere, which in turn enriches peeple's life various and enables the human race living in different economic statuses.
I guess I need much more vocabulary and a large amont of reading.
becaouse I run out strange things
I remenber that I hav n't been contating my boyfriend for a long long time.
I have taken charge of all arangements of on-the-job training.
Today, I enjoied my time in my house until my work started at 5pm.
Every day, my work starts eary in the morning such as, at 6: 30am, so I went out before dawn.
And as I get older, there is an increase resk.
It is intelesting.
Since we frist met, we have spent a lot of time together because we study at the same university and we always take the same courses.
I have a constant headache these days, especiallhy when I hear loud voices.
I love to plan birthday parties for my childen!
Last week, I met a strangth man.
It has many kinds of issues and organiged by the level of difficulty.
So, I don't know my futrure...
The reason why Philippin and Indians can speak English is because they used to be a colony of America and they had to use English to live a smooth life.
Firt of your questions, I think the most popular season for wedding is spring.
It is weird:) Maybe she asked the cabin attendants to write a Japanese message on her expensive bag on the plane lol She also said when her funs see her in Japan, please write a message on her bag.
Today, I am going to go to a phote shop to get a picture of my family taken.
I liked to see them suck saps we fed them, and occationaly fight head to head over saps or females in the plastic case at night, as they are usually nocturnal.
Fishing was also my faborit activity when I was in elementary school.
This morning, an insureance lady visited my house and offered me the same job she does.
That was very annoing.
The first time, it was an old event during the Nara period. Today is the turn of the season, We have distributed medical harb to avoid sickness and misfortune.
I thought that this site would help ppl who wanna improve their laguage skillz
yea I know I have& nbsp; this lonely diary which also can help my studing
The first thing important in education is knowlege.
Education gives us the knowlege of the world around us.
Education is not about lessons and textboxes.
It is about the lessos of life.
Again Auler, this guy never stopped.
He always speaks like, ``Let me brabrabara,`` or ``Please allow me to brabrabra.`` I learn many things about both English and mathematics from him.
As the Beijin Olympics started a few days ago, I think many people are interested in this topic!
Ryoko Tani coudn't get a gold medal, but she got bronze medal.
I went to the Nas& Damian Marley Japen Tour yesterday.
They performanced for about 2 hours.
It was very exciting, so I watched it 15episodes in one stting.
So I WILL get it inthis year because
The employees do not need to math or hire accountants to get their tax return.
However, t people who are self-employed, landload/ landladies, or have certain types of expenses over $ 1000, have to report for their final income tax return.
It has been rainning in our city for several days.
I felt so bad. evrything is bad.
He is a budker, who does acrobatics very well, usually performing in the square of Xinyi Vieshow.
It's exciting to dig an unknow story.
I think this site is really useful for people who study foreing languages.
This weekend, I'm going to run a marathon race whice is first time for me to run 42. 195km.
Now, I'm a team leader of ekiden whchi is a relay race run by four people, with each person running running five kilometers.
I want to lead to team the trimpth, and so I want to have superior record.
But many Japanese think that they are reluctant to devorce if they hold a wedding ceremony that costs much money!!
I am annoyed by my toothache, but I'm looking foward to going to the dentist again.
According to the newspaper I read recently, it is easier to get a high salary person to produce high quility goods than a low salary person.
Furthermore, in my case, when I worked with a low salary, I couldnn't gain any interest in my job
and I answerd yes...
Since I had just gotten out of bed I was still in my pajyamas.. (^ ^;
But he said that he was traveling around the area and suddenly thought tha if we (my family?) were home, he wanted to come visit meet us.
Anyway he is very cherrful person, so we had agood time.
I think I need to take some gift to him this firday. Do you think a bottle of alcohol is a good idea?
By the way, I was supprised when I came here.
I think Japanese have difficully accepting people coming into their houses eccept themeselves and their family.
My girlfriend chose Greenlatte latte. I chose hot choco.
We ate toghether (without our boss) and my colleagues liked my dishes.
Every time when I promise others to fulfill an assignment, I can accomplish it very well even though the task seems unconqerable.
Moreover, I am afraid to dissapointe others rather than I myself.
I like differant coffee.
When I'm sad, I drink cappuccino. When I'm deppressed, I prefere black coffee.
I used to limit my time to 30 mins, but 10 mins is more intensive and makes me concentrate more.
It's a time when many people make thier resolutions for the whole year.
Keep your fingers cressed;)
However, it is difficult to keep my tention calm when she seems not to hear me, or does the same mistake.
The sheep was finally found by the sheepherd and felt relieved.
I am Booddhist, but unfortunatelly the temple generally don't give this kind of service periodically for small children.
It must lead to increasing of the enthusiastic Booddhists in the future.
defferent world
I overslpet this morning
I put ong my clothes hurriedly and went out.
Becouse I made a mistake.
So please tell me how to study Speeking English.
Seriously, it was supre expensive!
I found many colorful fighting airplains, flying in the sky.
Then I relized it was just a dream.
Hi everone!!!!!!!
I bought two puzzles because te puzzles were on sale.
For about an hour we continued walking, visitting many offices, ascending and descending stairs, and opening and closing shutters.
I must go to take a shower and make myself beautyful!
Sceneries of destruction broadcasted on television make me sad.
I will go to convinience store to make a contribut tomorrow.
My boyfriend went to Guangzhou to make clothes for his fashion desigh competition.
I was happy becaues I helped her.
I lack fhysical activity.
However, I think there will be a lot of professional athletes competiting for China.
I'm really sorry that I didn't talk a lot with my frinend.
Even though my feeling is not good, I had enjoyed the time with my frined,
I dontn't like a person who says, `Because I am a very busy person, would you do that?`
But these days I think about my studies and how I can develop my skills in languge quickly all the time, so I've been trying to find some books that will help me to learn this languge.
Acully, I like to study many languges.
I am a teacher, I teach chemistry in seninor high school.
The text is about well known people and their privat lives which nowadays is often exposed to the public.
The author of the text gives us a shocking example about a policman from Los Angeles who used police computers to find out privat information about the stars.
Probably the policeman searched the information about the stars in order to sell it to celebrity magazines, and the police database as well as the internet are places where privat information about stars is really easy to find.
In Japan, the age of aduldhood is 20.
But now, I don't need to drink alchohol secretly.
But she playied very well.
when I used I-pod nano, the bettery of that would be really fast gone
but now when I use iPhone, the bettery is longer than it!
I am goint to my family's at about 17 pm, I think.
I want to orvercome those problems, so I registered for a new site.
(Really, although I have registered for it, I haven't used it bcause I thoughtmy PC didn't have a mike.
Recently, I was asked which train to take by a middle-aged traveller on platform 15 at Sinagawa station.
I worried about taking the TOEIC Brige test tomrrow.
So, Do other countries have TOEIC brige tests?
The TOEIC brige test is a primary test.
I don't konw what to say.
And tomorrow it will be hotter! uuuh-where is the rain?...
Today, I was fainted at a morning assenbly.
To make a friend learning a second laguage is essential.
My freind, who will get married in May, and I went shoppint to look for material for her wedding bouquet.
We finally found the best flowers, my friend smliled beautifully.
I'm not fimilar with the company.
I went to stydy with my friend
I went to study with my friend today neare the BTS saladang
We have been studying English and Thai for a long time. I was happied to see her today because last wenesday I did not go to stdy with her. I had forgotten whather I had an appointment to study Chinese with her.
I was happied because she was not angry at me.
Who said sorry noy, I am busy very much at the moment. I was reading your diary already, I see that you have improved.
Thank you for reading my journal entry all Japenese and English people, have a nice day............
I can't speak English well but I have to stduy English.
When I was walking on campus on the way to pick up my car, a woman stopped me and asked me the way to the Pavollian.
Copy or Hommage?
McDonald's Happyset Set for children is nice for adults too.
If you have a coupon from the mail, you can get it cheper.
I am preparing for the TOEIC exam. The test is on Novemver 31st
This is my first time to write an English daily diary on a webside.
KAWASHIMA will be traded to another team in the Plemier League?
I heard West Bromwich Albion FC in the Plemier League made an offer for him,
Nxst October I'll run a marathon.
Now, I will parctic it everyday.
I'm still a student in a foreing country!!!!!!
I don't know much vocabrary.
I have never written this kind of sentense before so I will try to write it by following my book.
I take comfort in watching sitcoms on my labtob.
Although it was morning, there were a lot of people, especially forein visitors.
We bought some souveniors for our family and friends and afterwards, we went to Tokyo Station to take a bullet train. We returned with a lot of stuff.
My neme is Aya.
My idea is you are either a victim always affected by ur external environment including people or...
I went to ``Ryuichi Skamoto's Piano Solo Tour 2009`` on Aplil 2.
I promised myself that I write a story here onec a week at least.
Summary of plan of a new Microsft operating system
Seriosly!!
Here is the reason why job-hungting in Japan is terribly complicated.
Therefore it can be a huge disadvantege in job-hunting not to work at a company right after graduation from university and to be ``KISOTSU``.
-Dream colaboration-
He continued, ``This stabucks works in colaboration with Tsutaya!!
Khabarovsk is a large city in the Russian far east and it takes almost 2 or 3 hours to get to there from Tokyo by airplane.
They built cars for competitions and later, in 1947, also began to make deportive cars.
It was so windy that my kite flew vely high.
I remeber my first shopping experience on the Internet in 2003.
I had scored some points, and althoug my colleagues helped me, I couldn't continue playing.
Some would just fulfill thier (sp) passions for languages, studying different languages and exploring different countries, cultures, histories, cusine,......
Then I got 2 tomatoes from my appartment's owner.
Robert's fale skin& Tayloar 'abs were fantastic....
maybe the movie's promotion stragy.
ohter is in charge of the wedding car,
Married couple keep it as a memoy for all their lives.
People usually thinks marder is absolutely a bad thing.
(I don't think it makes sanse, 'cause that shouldn't be a reason to kill people.
He was arressed a few days ago.
I might be able to improve my English speaking but my grammar is horible.
So I want to ask everybady how do you study a foreign language?
I will study more and master it to bocome a more sophistecated (resourceful;) man.
TV news about Greece remainds me of the trip.
We enjoyed walking along the seashore, eating greece dishes, and cycling aroud the island.
It was very windy everyday, and it was cool to swimm in the sea.
The preparetion for the presentation this week, household tasks...
We are living with problems. Work problems, family problems, money problems and stuff that we have to solve. If we cannot solve them, we will feel a little bit down. So we need to vent and relax to balance our life. We can go out for a vacation, watch a movie, listen to the music, do some exercice or just have a nice sleep to make ourselves better. Sometimes I do, and I have a lot of ways to relax.
everything is possible, please belive in yourself and action now.
If it is good, I'm going to apuire my driver's license!
I wrote them exploring the Korean-Japanese dictionally very oftenly.
Today is Easter! I think all of us should remmber the Jesus 'death.
I'm just going to get a pirt-time job.
But we could visit only two, because I didn't wake up early-_-~ ~ ~ as usualy.
When my lesson finished, we went to centr of our city and decided to begin from there because there is many of temples and other religious organizations.
In a Japanese map, Japan is located in the center of tha world.
I don't know if he acturely meant it, 'cause I am planning to go somewhere for travel after the exams are over.
who knows from wich country you come from in order to help me on this website.
Just a qustion.
I watched Doragon Ball a little while ago.
Doragon Ball is an old Japanese animation.
I love Doragon Ball.
It is not too much to say that I grew up with Goku, vegita, kuririn who are characters in Doragon Ball.
The heat wave is espected to continue for a while.
I'm looking foward to the cool fall weather.
The thunder was so intense that the windows trembled and car alarms signaled.
I will let my shop open in Apirl 1st
Maby, it's time to give up now.
Even though it is still late June, the air temprature became 31 degree celcius in Tokyo today.
It is still hot and humid, but I have to go to a clinic to take a prescription for medical insulance.
My duty still continues, when I finish to talking to the boss, I have to go to a motor bike shop to renew my bike insulance.
He is a mentor in my life and offered to support me financially when I dicided to study in the Netherlands.
Recently he offered me finacial support again.
I emaled him this morning about our plans for tomorrow.
I dlink heavily!
I want to go abroad in summeeeeer bacation!!
The demerits of capitalism would be if you lose in the competition, you may not get a bonus so the system is good for winners, but it may not be frendly to loosers.
So, in a capitalistic society, there is a need for a safety net so even the loosers can live happily as well as winners.
It's required to live abroad or if you work in campany which requires you to speak English. ``
and they (in their cars) slept for one onenight.
Now, They have been rescued by the Ground Self Difense Force.
And finally, the snow was 138cm (= maximam) between the 25th and 26th.
I'm boared...
I miss my friends, but it is hard to meet them for various reasons; marrige, moving...
But I thought ``If I don't say anything, my partner can't tell me anything``, so I said everything I just had thought with courege:)
I dicided to join an English conversation school called ``Rare Job`` today.
I appllied again and I succeeded to recontract for more 2 years.
My mother maneged to even go skating.
I was suprised when I heard this fact.
I think ``a couple of`` is a usuful expression when you speak English.
Moreover, gasoline, which is fuel for automobiles, is made from fossile fuels such as coal and oil, and the process of making it may also need fire, which casue CO2.
For example, the higher the global temperture is, the higher the sea level will be and as a result, some ilands will sink. Of course people who live on these ilands will have to leave their country.
temperture has been increasing.
If global warming lasts, our lives will be destoroyed some day, and these effects are mainly caused by driving automobiles.
According to recent reseach, we can get more than 80% of information about other's characteristics based on looks.
This means that when we make jugement counts on appearance, we can know his or her characteristc
It's very simle to understand and full of obvious cases.
I like playing video games on Xbox360 and listenig to music.
That's all for my intoroduction.
I feel like I don't want to do anything all day lomg.
So openig the window and checking the weather is the first action I do when I wake up.
It was nearly terrbile.
Sometimes people in forign countries don't understand it.
Tiger Woods has forteen girlfriends.
Maybe the action/ activity has to be a single, atomic action for the contunuous tense usage and the difficulty is the consideration-is an action is a single or, actually, it is a set of actions.
30 (Mon) was a bank_ bankholiday in the UK.
Self-introducton
Hallo everyone.
Especially on the first day, a very sexy and beatuful woman Singer 'IVY' came
She works at cosmetic comfany.
I paid for the meals for my freind when I didn't have money to pay for it.
I apologied to my freind but she seemed to hate to pay for it.
I negotiated with my freind who will pay for the meals next time.
We usually call each other very often, sharing all the small ditail of our lives.
I think it's tastey? (It seems tasty)
It's a good thing to learn a new language from a profetional teacher.
Akira is a member of Exile, which is Japanese pop music groupe.
They are childfood friends and Akira is four years older than Masami.
Of courese, I have the original Japanese version.
It was my third time and quite intetesting.:) And what I noticed in the class is that there are many Americans who tend to drive agressively.
It's gonna be rediculously expensive.
I talk to my parents on Skype evry sunday night.
English instractor murder case
Recently in Japan a popular topcs is who youg man killed english teacher three years ago.
As you know, the other day a major earthquake hit Japan severly, especially the Kanto area, and a lot people there are facing many difficulties.
For example, acording to reports, they suffer from food shortages and can't get enough sleep.
To be honest, the earthquake has little DIRECT influence on our daily lives. (Of course, it has many inderect influences on us.
This is shown by the fact that I'm very very worried about people in Kanto, partly becase many of my frieds live there.)
But I'm suffering a kind of setbak.
But at the same time, I also think I manage to brush up my speaking ability to some extent by reading books or listenig to many materials in English.
So nowadays I'm reding a lot of newspapers and books and watching videos or movies in English and thinking how I can get a chance to express myself in English.
My hobby is listenig to music and playing bass guitar.
For example, I knwo the phrase ``Lehman shock``, but I don't understnad how it effected the World Economy and can't explain it well.
Now I am not a student any longer, so I think I need to have knowlege about these things.
Therefore, I borrowed a book called ``To the people who became working peole without understanding economy`` written by Akira Ikegami at library.
I hope it hels me gain more knowledge to understand the economy.
I exactlly dislike reading books, but I try to do it little by little.
I watch it whenever I have free time like afer work and/ or on holidays.
Write to me, pls!
In a large scale company, it is difficult to evaluate each emplyee's contoribution to their company.
So even if someone could achive his best result, he cannot get a bonus because of his company's loss.
I'm not surprised because the March disaster in Jaspan was broadcast all over the world.
Many Japanese artist apper in this one!!
It would be a Japaese-English word; it means that ladies-talk about female-particular things.
Recentry I have found a need to study English again becasue of my Job.
I think it could be a good practice for me but I feel it's more difucault than before.
I try to continue to do this listeninig.
PS I love tennis very much so I play it 2 or 3 times a week, and if I find some free time I would search for a tenins movie in Yuotube with a term such as Federor etc.
If you like to watch or to play tennnis, pls reply to me hopefully to be my friend!
It's a fasion magazine in Japan.
Some people may say that there are not as many places in their office, where they can somke, as before.
Well, it isntn't something I should think about.
I will go to bed earily and prepare for the next day!!
After the East Earthquake, two manths had passed quickly.
One of our deals is to combinate our products with 3rd party products.
I want to make friends who are intersted in learning English or who like traveling.
I study English at my univercity.
Actually I had my first experience with a Pick-Poket.
Then I checked all of the pokets but unfortunately couldn't find it.
In the capital, Ahens, the average temperature in January is 10. 1 degrees, and in July is 28. 0 degrees.
It was a remakable experience and intersting but I have to go back to japan.
As you know well, Japanes is a minor language.
And I know it's very difficult in many aspects, like grammer, 3 different characters, pronunciation, et...
Also it was so difficult for me to understand what the newscasters were sayin on the TV.
This song is famous because of its lylics.
Her future self writes back to her 15 year old self saying that it would be all rihgt, I am an adult now but even I still have difficulties but I am doing well so please don't cry.
And y friend tought me about that.
It's hard for children to jugde which is right.
In addition, students only put a lot of informaiton into their brains in schools.
However, vigorous pictures and unforgettablely vivid sound would be engraved in their minds.
Brazil (Burazil), Korea, Iran, and Japan.
Proberbly, my speaking skills will be better and better if I more phrases in English.
I like this phrase, 'I could eat a horse!' it means that I amextremely haungry!
My first dirly.
Can we call them or their ancestors 'wild', or will they never be categoried as 'wild' because they've once been tottaly domesticated?
Now I have started reserch on subjects which I will study next semester.
I studied aesthetics at undergraduate level and planned to contine further at postgraduate level and aimed to acquire an MA in that area.
According to the professor, 3Ps (Poverty, Population and Pollution) are the most discuessed topies in the aid organisations.
I can understand it, but these topies are too broad to choose a specific issue to write a dissertation.
I, however, However, I didi n't speak and write enough to communicte with people.
Because of the big/ recent earthqueiqe and tunami that happened in Japan this year, so there is not enough electricity in whole Japan.
Many companies in Japan take more holoday to save electricity as usual.
Stimulating the subconsious may help your memory,
That is very beautifull.
Last week I had a bad job (experience?) with one of my supervisers (bosses) over some issue.
We had a good time at some Izakaya over a couple glases of beer (called) chu-hi.
I will study at an English language shcool for ten weeks.
Do you agree or disagre? A person should never make an important decision alone.
There are many famous people who successed in their fields: like one of the greatest entertainers, Micheal Jackson, or a good Japanese baseball player, Ichiro.
Famous successed people surely put in a lot of effort.
Given such points, I strongly reccomend you think that way.
On the first harf, the Argentinian scored two goals.
I Caugh a Cold.
I'm feeling realy bad today.
I am so sorry that I cannot reply to some of my friends 'e-mails puntuality.
Unfortunatly, summer in Russia is not long enough to spend it at home.
As you know, Hong Kong is an internation city and the financial hub of Asia.
Thus, there are a lot of ppl who have differnt nationalities.
Anyway, Hong Kong is located near the ocean so the humidity in Hong Kong is incredable high.
I think, due to the high humidity, Hong Kong ppl have great skin!!
I really appriciate his meeting with me.
Many artists live in this area and we can meet them and theri artworks.
When I was choosing some food and there was a cute kizs. The boy said to me that one item was not so good, so I should choose another.
I chose the one that he reccommend to me.
They seemd like westerners.
I was moved and appreciated their bravey
I've decided to keep a dialy in English starting today.
I was hit by a car and broke my collar bone durling my time in the US, so it's a little bit hard to use my hand...
the Instruotor of level 4 is British!
I went to sleep at 9pm the day before yesterday, and I woke up at 1am yesteday...
Today, We shot a musci video.
So, it is not that uncorrect.
It was about 3 best friends putting message on personel ad for finding boyfriend/ girlfriend.
Invoice that you added was also witten 1 of it.
Of cource, I will go to temple to worship with my family.
My town is surrounded by mountains and nature. There are some rivers nearby where I raft and sometimes go fishing with my father. It's reale peaceful.
If you search for the city on a map, you'll see that it is situated in the Ural mounatains.
Some tourists are very dissapoited with this fact.
No idea:) But it is situated exactly on the watershed dividing line of the Ural mountains, and if you come there, you can stand with one foot in Europe, with the other in Asia, or with both feet in Asia and your head in Europe if you want:)))) (you can see on the first foto)
I couldn't sleep because I whached football games at midnight.
So unpleasant-to feel youreself strange, empty...
I want to feel reflesh.
I hung out with my friemds (today).
college entrance examnation
the college entrance examnation is the most important exam in every chinese student's life.
this is a brief introduction of our country's college entrance examnation.
I need your helep.
The first English book I could finish reading throuth was ``Fried Green Tomatoes``.
I could finally tet to know the details of the story and
And everyone was quite friendry.
We should've talken beforehand about which foods we would be bringing.
Who can help me? I have a problem with myself (in my spirit). I can't escape my past. Those were my bab things such as being belittled because my grades were very bab.
during the time it took them to leave home, Bae-chu came constantly to eatting.
Light polution
They are for advertising, commercial proertyies, offices, factories, streetlights and illuminating sports venues.
We should trun off the lights for a little bit sometimes so we can save energy and retatining the ecosystems.
So now let's be responsible and clean the sae.
I bought an ambrella for my friend.
How wanderful the life is!
About TOIEC
I decided to take an examination of TOIEC.
I want to improve my English fsst.
snd I want to work all over the world.
They have a rule that limits the number of foregin players in the team.
He gets a title and is proud of himselft.
It touched me and I borrowed the album '(What's The Story) Morning Glory) from my friend's firend, then I found that all songs on the album were so wonderful!
I counldn't hear what you said.
And, when I got a mail, my heart is very hurt,,, nervus.
At that time, I was realy tired and sleepy.
A percentage of the audence ``decrees`` the success of all the work that is behind this show.
The winners are chosen by an audence, who can vote for his, her favourite singers by a phone call or a text message, with a code number, and by a jury of quality.
I am a lazy person, and I often give up on my diclaring.
Because they study hard foriegn lungage for various goal.
The reslt of self marking was bad.
After we knit the things, we sell them on the free market or donate to instirurions.
Becuse This culb will recess from December 14th to January 4th of next year.
It is the last piece that we need to finish the shape of our blanckt.
If I could speak English well, tthen I wouldn't have to study so much and working in Canada would be easier.
The Game and English Cnversation Programs
This is my secound time staying here.
So I want to change my email addrses
Tracy Whiteny, the main character of the story, is a young, beautiful, and intelligent woman working as a computer operator for a bank.
Ielt examination in Septembe
I would like to learn Engish.
Only four days more and I can be back home. Also, I'm beginning my summer vacation. I made a plan for this vacation. I want to join my cousion's company and do work for him for free.
I also think I can get more experences.
He bouht some souveniers for us.
I think many Japanese people wouldn't want to eat a snack with a colar like that.
I need background knowledge in order to be able to obtain higher schore of TOEFL.
Anyway, I will buy a magazine called '' English Journal '', but I don't know whether it wiil help my background knowredge.
His skills are unbelievablly fantastic!
My firiend and I went to Ansan where my friend J lives.
We ate a lot of food in a familly restaurant called, ``Vikings``.
I will go to the market and play with ma dgs.
I wish to go to america and study aborad in order to get job in the near future.
I hope I can find good friends to study langage with each other.
Yesterday, I was very busy becuase I had two exams, three classes and two tutoring sessions.
When I went home, I just sat in front of the computer to watch a few vedio clips.
I hope I am not depressed whatssoever.
Yesterday, I wacthed ``The Lion King``, the famous Disney movie.
The blue backet has polka-dots (on it).
If I speak English, I would like to visit many contries!
I can't express in Englsih what I want to say, so I need to study speaking.
And I want to belong to community, then I would like to make firends there.
I was so excited beacause I like this brand very much.
So he will be preased.
In fact, Napels is famous for its pizza.;D
It's intesresting for me, not only because of the story but also the illustrations are great.
Unfortunately, I can't put the link of facebook on herebecause the national network control centre has banned it, so I can't connect with my friends there.
My skin conndition is pretty good and I hardly feel itchy.
As one of the menbers here, I will do my best to communicate with others and write more dairies. I think I'll be suceessful and change my way one day.
He was Continental Delegate of the Congress, Governor of Virgina, State Secretary, Vice President of the United States and President of the United States.
I would have oftem remembered and dreamed of it.
Today I studied about FrinedFeed (URL
This service is very useful for me to serch the information that I got from each service.
I'm waiting crection from everone.
But I thought for a long time and I decised I will stay this way
You go abroad and meet good friends who have different cultual backgrounds but they make you feel that there is no border among us when it comes to friendships.
Are the idioms and slungs which are on the books still used in the world?
If not, how can you learn new idioms and slungs?
At first, I was not so sure about this observation because there was an exception in one person, who works regularly but has the highest operational capabity in the ship; he can fix almost any mechanical failure which occurs during operation.
I just went over to Yokohama where my ancle lives.
Finaly we rolled them carefuly, and we're done!!!
Anyway it's really nice to eat sushi with sutudents.
What are the important things in a restaruant?
we should always provide a warmheared to them.
comply with customers and give them high quanlity service.
As a profrssional.
I don't doubt that we shoud have this as standard.
Howz's everyone's day going?
I already knew there is no clearable answer
I got up dazy to day my bain is so confused because I have not slept enough.
I love to travel to unknown or bautiful places.
But, I will do my best to overcome all my proplems.
I thought ``cash out`` was unbelieve, because nobody withdraws cash in a supermarket in China, but it happens in Australia.
We have few factories that make bats or the other baseball equitments, so the bats and gloves, everything except clothes have to be imported.
Thenks for reading my bad English diary:)
We parked the car nearby and had to walk to the site because of the traffice control.
During the event, we saw a magic show that was perormed by a good-looking yong couple.
However, when the midnight came, we could see two firwork shows from her balcony at the same.
Today was the frist lesson.
But I looked like the most foolish person in the calss.
Recentry occurrence
We haven't played on playground equipmet for a long time.
After that, we climed to the top of the slide.
Regarding the meal, some fancy dises were served.
But he didn't emphasize the safty of the food.
Trimming is important because it is easiear for germs to adhere to the surface of the raw beef.
As a result, his restaurtant caused food poisoning and killed four people.
The purse was 81RMB. For us, it's not that expensice since the purse is of high quality.
It is actually extream hard work to raise two newborn babies at the same time.
I read an article about the stress that an older child expriences once a newborn baby is born.
anyway, we have done it, all we need to do now is waitting for feedback from our customer.
Camping ``Twilight`` and ``New Moon``, I parefer Twilight, because it is more romantic to me somehow.
I was really excited to see kangkaroos in the wild like this.
It's quite diffrent from Japan.
I'd be grateful if you correct my Enlgish.
Alsmost everyone, no matter if they are yong or old, male or female, they are keen on it.
It is really a challenging work since there are so many books, at least one milloin.
I like reading, so next time, I will spend a lot of time there to broaden my horison.
Oh, I remember that I want to inform you that I am going to change my tiemshchedule so I won't write so often later.
The doctor diagonized that she suffered from hemorrhoids.
So she stubbonly killed her desire more than ever.
I'm a sophmore at Hanshin Universty.
I'm a South Korean girl and I'm very much intersted in English, French, IT and electronics.
There are radioactive contaminastion, earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
So, I speak English at the school, but I usually speak Swhili in my village because most of my neighbors (the families of my cowokers) cannot speak English.
There have been cases when/ where a dead body was disvovered after weeks or months, and this was only because the sthink spread all over the building. [spread = spreaded]
I wonder if I can get English skills now, even though I'm over fourty years old.
There are so many beautiful structures influenced by Christan and
I had harad time to forgetting it.
If I want to talk about things that I like, I can talk with others who are intereted in it.
Each person has thier own tastes.
Here is a vedio clip, from the movie [The taste of others].
No doubtly, natural gas industry is the most hopeful industry in China.
If you find any mistakes, especally grammer, correct me.:)
Cuz, thier MC and performance was fun!!
But I cannot go for a warking holidy because of my job.
So, I have got a lot of chocolete as a birthday present.
I like chocolete, but not this day!!
I hope to study abroad and work oversease.
I haven't been writting here not because I am lazy or anything but because I don't really have time.
I played the music ``Silk Road`` composed by Kitaro at the rehearssal.
I can't speak English well and typing farst.
I'll see the club member of the univercity.
I was a part of a brass band when I was an univercity student.
Now I'm a little neverous.
My company's global language is Englis, however I cannot speak English well.
Some of my classmates plan to go abroad, and some prepare for gratuate school exams.
Though I like to read, I amd not really good at English literacy.
Hello, friends and teacher. I went to university today to prepar averything before recive the cetificate today.
I paid a lot of money there for the picter and my dress and associate old student um...
Recently my yonger classmate Raquel told me that there was a website which helps people to practice languages that they want to learn.
There was a piture of Carl Lewis in a textbook.
It cost nerly two hundred dollers to join this party, I gotta say.
Hello, my wuderful friends. Do you like to listen to a story before you sleep? I like it.
Today we had violn class.
But the theacher keep saying 'hold your violin up'.
Tommaro is the concert (sort of).
We'll play violnin at school library.
My brother's girl friend is Tiwanese.
This year, in Sptember....
Article 9 of the Japnese constitution states that (1) in order to aspire sincerely to an international peace based on justice and order, the Japanese people forever renounce war as a sovereign right of the nation and the threat or use of force as means of settling international disputes.
Anyway, I had an amezing time because Japanese people would never imagine meeting famous people in person here.
After I came back home, I tald the story to my friends who are native English speakers, and they all told me how stupid am I... damn.
Yesterday evening I snoze several times.
I will stady English very hard.
Actually I had been suffering from my knee's pain I got last Decenmber, therefore I asked him some advice about which exercise would be good for my knee's rehabilitation.
He kindly taught me some streching exercises and how to use a machine execise and I did them for a short time.
I thanked him very much and decided to go to that gym regurarly.
The Healh Minister is trying to convince poeoples of this.
Medicine services should be free for everyone, poeoples want to feel safe in the hospital, no matter how much they earn.
He is good with childen, never barks? to people, and always stays by my side when we go outside.
Winnie the poohy-My review
I don't know why but I loved him and his friends, Piglet, Rabbit, eyo and so on.
The charactors are very cute but not very clever.
Yesterday, I went to Yoyogi park, which is located in the cener of Tokyo, and saw the cherry blossoms.
Because of tragidal earthquake and Tunami Fukushima nuclear power plant, which supplied energy to Tokyo was dameged.
Both its functions but especially its appearance appealed to me. (Or, ``I was attracted not only to its functions, but also its appearence.``)
It's a technique that applies pretty seals or pictures on things with glue, and the things that are worked on are glasses, prastic bottles and wood, etc...
We could enjoy verdant scenaries anywhere when we stayed there.
In 2005, the black bears surrounding Toyama risidents were a controvercial issue.
The lack of food in the moutains would have made them dare to risk their lives by coming near populous regions.
Japan won against Arzentina in today's soccer match.
I the enjoyde Chinese lunch, night view and shopping.
My room, my colothes, my brother, and so on..
I go to coleage.
She shounldnn't.
There were a lot of poople waiting to find out if they were one of those successful candidates.
I was quite anoied by the important items on the agenda.
These lessons are fot the TOEIC test.
During the lunch break, I was suprise to see my friend disguise herself as a ``Pokemon``.
I want to hold a halloween party, like how& nbsp; Amirican students do.
I wanne go home!
to make a centence.
My job is in the service industry and mercandise management.
Anyway, I will ask him to read it because that day is really importent..
Have a good weeken.
Recentry, it has become hot.
I would like to learn English and I regestered on this site.
She is tierd in these days because of daily child care.
From thenon, I often went to him to learn English gramer and vocabruary.
I used to wear brown contact lense for half a year.
Although I know that contats are bad for our eyes, I didn't believe it.
And all the families are talking abot it.
While I wathed it, I was able to study English and catch spoken English.
One day I want to speak engkish like that.
becaouse I want to study English more than I want to study finance.
So I waited in front of the door, and then I entered it on opening time, so I was the first cutomer today.
My classmates from elemantaly school
I saw my classmates from elementaly school last night.
Besiedes, the cruel corganizers of this test put many difficult and rare English words on it without any hesitation.
The lestning comprehension part especially is super difficult.
On top of that this test has 200 questions, so if we come across successive difficult questions and we cannot propely answer, we would be FUCKIN frustrated.
If I cannot obtain a high score on the 29th of January, I promise, I will assssinate the organizers of this test.
Becuase my PC had some problems, I couldn't connect to the internet.
I had never been to an American school, and I was impressed with the classroom, corridor and stutends.
I was happy they tried to speak Japanese as much as possivle.
one is singing a song, one is playing a guiter, one is playing a dram
As each Mr. children's member has good skils, Japanese people
have benn inpressed by their music.
Ispecially I recomend you a song '' HERO ''.
Now it's rainny outside and it's very cold, I really miss the sunshine and the temperature in the south.
Open Univesity
It `s my first day to know the Lang-8, I tried to use it once and successed.
Have a nic day!
I am going to go somewhere for my English and IT skil.
I work for a real estate company as a sales maniger.
And I like hanging out with my friends and finding good restaurans/ bars/ shops/ etc.
I can't hear them because it's a noizy place.
After that I danced with a philippine friend.
He could dive under the water without breathing for about one minite.
This winter is expecially frigid.
Do you know the player Ichiro on the Seattle marinners?
When I had online lessons between Japan and Indea before, there was no problem.
I'll play with my frend next Sat.
I wotch the news every evening.
It ramains to be seen whether it is feasible or not.
Tomato sause
I made tamato sauce today.
If I had had more energy, I would have gone to a fitness clua.
I am going to go to a Taiwanese restrant for lunch with a coworker.
The reason is clerea!
I `ve been to Go-kon party when I went to collage, but people say there is something diffrence between student` s party and office worker `s one.
I think office workers tend to join more seriouly, because they have less chances to meet other people than students have.
At last, I went to Utah USA 2years ago to study English& teach Japanaese in an elementaly school.
which were some hand cream, body lotion and shoese.
It will be hot in this afternoon, so I'm goinng to clean the bathroom using a high water pressure machine.
The good things waiting after that include drinking beer and taking a nap in this confortable weather.
I love my new jod very much, and I cherish this chance.
The wather has been cold for several days.
Of all the sessons, I like spring the best..
Engrish is a funny English expressin by a non native English speaker, especially (by) Japanese.
'All your base are blong to us' (AYBABTU) is one of the most famous and popular Engrish expressions especially amang Internet users.
They are not very famous in Japan now, but I belive they're going to be famous soon!
Thanx for reading.
Do peaple who live in developed countries and are not materialistic (?) think so?
There are many kinds of food which are not expesive and taste good.
So, my next big journy is next summer.
And I hope my englisch isn't too bad. So that everyone that reads this can understand what I wanted to say...
I want to be a goood student and a good girl this year.
It makes me very happy to have an Amrican friend named Almir. ^ ^.
My specialy is sculpture. And I must draw [?] every day.
I admir them a lot.
I'm a writer for Japanese daily newspapers and magaznes.
He taught me 'GO DO' (name of a tune) which means we can do anythig.
She passed the entrance exam, although I was surprized.
Jacrine's books describe girls with big troubles, who grow to be independant.
He'd like to play a guiter someday.
Thanks for reading my dialy.
Plese correct my diary and be my friend!
It is hard to get interpreters if the language is not so commo, for example, Swahili, Nepalese, and so on.....
Long interview take almost all day, while short intervie takeonly 30 minutes or 1 hour.
I lirerally ran to the nearby supermarket and purchased a steriliser.
(x_ x;) It seems the temperatures in Sptember and October will be higher than the average of the previous years...
It's becausr of the tuition fee.
The coreography started yesterday.
I will do my best on my essey.
When a woman is stressed she instinctively feels a need to talk about her feelings and all the possibel problems that are associated with her feelings.
finding solutios to her problems
I'm worried that recent Japanese youngstars tend to go to various foreign countries and know much about foreign countries, but they know little about Japanese history.
For example, I magage to write this sentences first in Japanese in my head and then translate and put them into English, which requires a great effort and is tiresome.
I mean if an Egnlish-native speaker is very good at Japanese, is she/ he thinking in Japanese first?
Hi, I wanna meke some foreigner friends
She also says that I'm not paying enough attention to French because I started with Japanese this year, and it makes me really anrgy because you have no idea of how much I enjoy studying Japanese.
Finaly, I transferred my day off from today to another day.
Then I will make pikles Chinenses and eat that them with curry.
I belive in your help guys:)
We choiced ``OMIKUJI`` for the fifth time!!
In Japan, people coice ``OMIKUJI`` to know your fortune for the new year.
This book level is Biginner but it is difficult for me.
Since most of them are online shopping I hope I'll recieve the dresses exactly the same as they are posted.
This ressesion has hit me pretty hard.
I have no experienc of editing and writing, but I want to try.
I don't know this job is really intersting, but I want to try.
Today, at last, he recoverd and came back to our house.
Most of the time, Spiderman is airboarne with his web, swinging from building to building...
I'm going to a bargen sale this weekend.
because I have garduate from high school.
I'll go to bed earlly to prepare for tomorrow.
I'm not a Tri-Athereat!
First Dialy
I read a book for 30 minutes, I heard Engrish CD for 30 minutes.
Rencently I read a book called Christmas in summer.
But I want to write, since I decided to write in the daiary every day!!
I ate a watermelon for lanch for the first time this year.
Is it the same in othe countries?
My duty is oversee and analyze ground warter, waste water, exhaust gas, and so on.
Compared to other divisions, we have a lot of obertime at the end of month.
Today my daugter went back to Okinawa, because she has to work.
I wrote a diary becouse I want to practice my English.
Yesterday, I had a terrible headach so I took 3 pills of medicine.
But if my head aches from a bad headach, I might as well take the medicine to endure it.
I babrely found the pharmacy and I got treatment.
I wached 90210
I watched the final episode of the first seoson of 90210.
I'm looking forward to watching the next seoson.
They were very healty.
Extrim, dirty and fun!
I can't tell whether it's going to be the same in the case of Japan (hault of growth in economy), but it's sure that the economy of Korea depends on the flow of the real estate market.
Before entering university, I didnn't worry about my writing because there were not many changes to write one's opinion at school under the Korean education system.
Today I studied phisics for an exam.
In the libraly.
I'm very happy because there are many people who have helped on my way to sucess.
firstly, I want to say thank you to my good friens, my classmates and many other people. They encouraged me when I fell and supportde me when I made decisions.
They gave me a lot of powers and made me confident as I was costantly moving forward.
Because they hurt me, I was motivated to continuous efforts until I became an exellent and sucessful person.
So, from my career standpoint, I thank everyone I've been in contact with, no matter if they helpde me or hurt me.
What sall I grow?
I was given some onisons and potates.
I plan to grow sommer vegetables this sommer.
Are there goyas in other contry?
and I found one of black cars hung plags on its bonnet.
The organization that made the JLPT doesn't pubish the test questions right after the test.
However, a lot of text books for preparating for the JLPT have been released.
I'm looking foward to it.
Although I've had an ID in lang-8 for a long time, I always have no time to wirte a diary entry.
Most students are under stression like me.
Thist Saturday it was my first day in college.
She was nice and cooporation.
The lecture was about how to write a good essay, and I have an assiment to write
and I need you to help me to improve my english leval.
I entried university this summer.
After that, I can colm down.
They are very big and are stong.
I went to the movies with my hasband to a thiater near my home.
I felt realI action. there was something in front of my eyes.
becouse I payed 1800 yen plus an extra 300yen for 3D.
It was cheaper than other similar courses, because I had a proffesioal? invitation.
Help me to love learning Enlish again!
How can I get rid of these bad feelings, how can I learn to love using Enlish joyfully again, like I did a year ago?
They don't help other pepole.
She is studing Japanese.
But the weather is cold and graysh.
Tom Waits is one of my favourite singars.
it was my frist time watching a game.
Good evening erveryone.
I will go to Shodou scholl now.
I am soory, I can't explain well.
I have troble with the language and enviroment.....
I was surprised at his thoght
I came accros the Japanese speaking Japanese.
If it's true, I think the Norwaygian goverment has to review their laws.
So she asked me, ``How do you say in English, black framed glasses are popular in Japan?`` Although, I know she is nervous about speaking English, I have no idea why she wants to know that exression as the first thing!
There are 6 hours to go to until the biggining of the match.
I answered two phone calls from my clients regarding a big coontract, which could feed me for a couple of months.
Today, the weather is warm and confortable.
Following that, we played backetball together.
How to condjugating on Lang8!!
Everyone danced happilly.
After he left home, my daughter and I talkded a lot.
When I get older I want to travel to Canada becasuse I would like to know the country where I hope to spend th rest of my life. If I see that Canada offers the opportunities that everybody says it offers, then I am going to go back to to my country and apply for a permanent resident..
This is deadful for me because I must write treatises in English.
So we are going to buy some vegitables and meat for dinner now.
she was angey at the TV, and she went to bed angry.
It is the central city of an island which is northernmore place in Japan, Hokkaido.
2 days ago, I wrote a jurnal about whale hanting. My jurnal asserted ``Australian ways of protesting against Japan are very impolete and rough``.
Surely, if Japanese people try to change something or protest against something, we whould only read a note of protest and shout something a few times in front of the oponent's organization.
lol Of course, the opponent's organizationwo n't change their atittude orway of thinking in any case.
Japanese people should watch other countries 'ways of protesting and their passons more.
I am sad beacause my sister deleted the program for the keyboard I use to write in Korean!.
It reminded me that I've seen a bear-shaped keychain in a shopping center neayby my home.
So, I thouogt it was a girl!
I think she made me a litte better looking.
I know that bad thigs can occur all at once.
From September 22 to September 24, I went to Hokkaido for a trip with the friens of the university.
My teacher gave me until May 4 to hand in an essasy.
Finally, if you decide to buy a dining table mat, what kind of style you perfer, a table mat that would put you in a good mood or a table mat that would open your appetite?
long long ago I stadyed english, but I still remenber a little.
My todays today is designing.
Since we got two new workers last Octover, the opportunities I got to design web sites decreased sharply.
So a pesron who is good at everyting has to do the remaining things.
But these kinds of expressions are not fammilar to me.
I'm using a nicotinic patch.
When I checked my diary this morning, the freind who I met for the first time had already corrected it.
I appreciate that all freinds support me.
S. I want to use more precise complex sntences.
I read a new gide book for the JLPT.
It is sure that the test will focus more on comunicate ability than grammar.
I have not been able to writte an entry or correct other entries althogh I've sometimes visited this site! The reason why is that I've probably caught the Rubbela virus or another strong virus!! (Oh my gosh!)
39 degrees!! You know, in Japan, the tempreture is still high and the sun supported by the summer attacks us, but at least for me, it was such a cool day, or, if anything, a cold day ^ ^
That's rediculous.
Today I asked him to help me coreect my studying abroad SOP and I told him I need it tomorrow, that meant I wanted him to accompany me, but after correcting my SOP he rushed home and told me ``I have a couple of things to do before I go to bed``.
In the beginning, I supposed that we had interested in each other, because he gave his phone munber to me and said ``If you want to call me, call me anytime``, and asked me to take MRT home togther with him.
Yesterday, I attended a perty from the company where I'm going to start working this spring.
Another student and I will start working for that company and we are going to be in charge of global markething.
Then, I was puzzled because my English speaking, listeng and writing skills are poor.
It has already been about three weeks since I registed on this site.
A Suprising event
A officcer who was taking care of international students said that
he could help me get acception as soon as possible.
Thank you guys, Thank you for suport me!!!
Is it called 'being selfish' in Englsih?
You can't understand what I'm talking about from these sentense...
We can obtain sooo many things from that.
Although they cherished the notion of life-long emproyment and the idea that the older you are, the more likely you are to get a chance of promotion, we do not seem to have these kind of thoughts at all.
We know that we have no gurantee in a campany.
Hellow all my friends.
We should never foget those who are sad about their important family member 's
Of cource I want to be glad that they are coming back home safely with all of them. with everyone else?
But at the same time, I never want to want foget about all of people lost in the war of Iraq.
I cought a cold. Maybe because I was around lots of people yesterday.
I can read simple sentences now, but I can't realy understnad normal passages and books.
Today he took me to a restaurent as gratitude for the present.
He thoght that I rarely ate meet (beef) because I live by myself.
Father is going to Tochigi for buisiness tomorrow.
If I eat a hanburger slowly, chewing it well and tasing it, I must regret having it.
The production is starded after ordering, so I have to wait for another month befor the product arrives.
She was so tonedeff tunethat I couldn't remember what the song title was.
The mettress of my bed sinks too much.
The throne in question was a graceful sight: it captivated the eye of a beholder with beautiful, hypnotic silver filigraine decorations.
Facinated with Lord of the Flies
Nearly almost all my friends have it and they all recomended getting it.
Because I didn't have enoght money with me at the time..
Today's exammers were about 60 students of an elementerary school, a junior high school, a high school and an university.
because the Korean team played so fantasic.
There is no need to mention that when your father is getting married you (as the most beloved and wise of all cock-owners he has ever been acquainted with) instantly become the one who has to put up with all the fits of pre-marriagal neurosis (as well as being an unlucky witness of all this stuff), take care of all the sodding preparations (``we need to do a great deal of work to make this day really special``, Goddamn it!) and just try not to go mad or turn into a ``bridesmaid bitch``.
fankly I don't like these things... ``
interested in wome... ``
Today I have found out about a postgaduated programm.
But I disided not to surrender and for one month (it's time I have before the interview) to make my English as good as I can.
And one step of my plan is everyday writining at Lang-8.
What should I do frist?
I like coocking Korean food.
^ ^ ima high skool student who's tryin to learn english n been stayin in aus for nealy 2 years so far.
firstly I will just write about my self, I am 18 years old now n terning 19 in a few months and plan to go to uni in jap after leaving skool where im now goin in aus.
I'd really appreciate if someone taught me here coz honestly I was totally lost at how I could improve my writting skills, there r no ways to impove my writing skills around me.
btw, it's already been a half hour since I started writing this lol ima very slow writter obviouly.
well wat should I start wittin?
I reckon there is nothing like japan in the world, you'd probably understand if u have the oppotunity to go visit japan ^ ^
What a lovely pharase!
A metophor expression./ A metaphor.
After we fill half of the pot up, the rasing of the water also become obscure.
Nobody can sensitively recognize the rasing, and then suddenly this pot becomes ``unbalanced.``
This kind of corns, in other owrds, many intermediate Japanese students will start thinking ``Is mastering English from 30 years old impossible?``, ``Probably I don't have a talent for language`` (?) ``I don't think my English is improving, It's waste of time and money, I gave up.``
I tried to use a metophor in this journal.
On the way home, I bought seven bottles of maple syrup and three boxes of maple coockie at a supermarket.
Are you accually using it?
Anyway, I think it's a good idea for revising words, not byt learning new words in my opinion. It's also brilliant for learning KANJI CHARACTERS <3 xD.
I have to stay here until tommorrow morning.
The othre day, I went to a musical instrument shop and bought a saxophone.
This morning, homestay father took me and my roommate to school, and taught us how to catch the bus go to school and back home, and he is interduction a christian church to us.
There is beautiful scenery, modern buildngs, and animals which I have never seen before.
I sent you a sweeeeet present!
From your cazy sister, Haruna
Like my mum and dad always love me depite all of my imperfections
``When you have a duaghter just like you, then you can understand how I feel about you``.
After that, the girls preparad dinner.
It was very dilicious.
I didin't know which course was suitable for me, so I selected the basic TOEIC course.
correct me if nessesary. I am Lena, 15 years old.
Well, I like swimming, watching TV and different movies, listening to music, watching foorball, hanging out with friends, etc.
This is Oribe ware, one of Japan's famous potterries.
It has a strabge design and beautiful green glaze on it.
When I drink a cup of cogffe with this, I am very relaxed.
Last night one my good friend and I decided to make an air baloon out of paper.
And we had a baloon with a diameter of one meter.
We had a flat paper wich turned into a big ball!
Today after luch thought: ``I would like something else..
Sory, just a question.
Maybe because I lack a sence of security, some people might rely on their closest friends, their families or their boyfriends very much, but for me, I rely on my home a lot.
Even if I get a boyfirend, I will choose to live alone, because even if we break up, at least I have my home, and won't end up without a boyfriend and no place to live, that would make me feel like a loser.
I haven't contanted this for a long time
contant Becase of not enough time and the low intenet speed in
I went to my grandmom's home with my parents today.
My grandmom is living in a nursing home now.
and my grandmom will be joining the wedding party.
Due to tayhoon I don't have class in the morning
u know a thyhoon is coming to japan.
I can even atach photo of these buildings.)
But anyway I really want to visit other countries, and with a great pleasure I would like to meet foreign coultures.
I exersise every night before going bed.
In can by easily demonstrated by comparing different Asian communities, such as the Man ligneage or the Asian-American community.
To sum up, this kind of Asian community seems to be mainly the result of a Wesern idea.
Neither do I feel isolently nor do I feel inferior.
``Reading thousands of books is not equal to traveling thousands of miles; But traveling thoudands of miles cannot beat communicae with more people.`` by Yu Minhong, the chairman of Xindongfang.
Modern cities have been planned as business place, that is, the main ideia is not have people living there.
Today, I bought a bottle of rice wine, ``Fuyu no sanpo``, from the nearest supermaket.
I think this bottle is showing chilliness and silentness, and its naming is very suitable for this bottle.
The only thing you want to do is this shit ``, and because the little girl didn't have the force to fight with this sadic ogre named Kabi the barbarian, she had to do all the things he said.
Every moring I meet him on my way to school, so we quickly became good friends.
If we asked for directions, they brought us there in peroson.
So, we went to a hot spring which took thirteen mimutes by car from our house.
We oftern go there because it's equipped with not only hot springs, but a heated indoor pool, too.
I heard it was the same in China or in some of Europian countries
I have problems with choising new jeans.
It's so ironic-low-waist fashion comes to Siberia from warm contries, but everyone just accepts it despite cold and long winters in Siberia.
I coundn't believe it, but there it was in black and white, as clear as it could be.
Please look forward to my dialy.
She is working in a kingdergarten as a doctor.
He faced about one thousand and nin challenges and finally, he met a person who was willing to buy his recipes.
But I rearise that I can access it with ease.
I wish everybody a pleasant jourary and a perfect future.
Then, we climp up the mountain.
If it clears tomorrow morning, I plan to snowbording with friends.
Thanks to lang-8, I am so happy becasue I could make some new friends on this site.
I think next year will be more fruitfull.
At the same time I am trying to be good maan, so I can maintain positive relationships with others.
The firsr thing which came to my mind was, ``Why?``
The second happiest is Noerth Korea and, the third is Cuba.
It is very intresting to try teaching! Then next week on Tuesday we will act on film about our school life.
Before this economic crisis began last September, a lot of workers had come to London from other EU countries (for example, Pohland).
However, the UK, as well as another country are suffering financially, threfore it is very difficult for foreigners to get a job.
To tell the truth, I have hated studying foriegn languages.
But there are few clowd today!
We used a sepalated room so going together didn't make sense.
The main reason that I came here is that I want to get a letter of recommandation from my professor but also I want to take a rest with my family.
I don't konw.
I will make a presation about a city: Hong Kong... and read a scary story....
Because there were just two banana sautes with powder suger, no ice cream, no fresh cream...
The purpose of this trip is to make inventroy clearance, to report the settlement of account in Augusut to the board members, and to take part in a conference.
It may be because of getting nerverous or excited, however, I don't know why.
Please tell me the diffrence and situations between ``I will miss you.`` and ``I'm going to miss you.``
In fact, in high school my scores in English were good or Exellent, especially in structure, but not so well in reading and writing. When I entered university and met different students, I realized acully how my language needs to be improved. I'm a medical student and I find difficulty in understanding some terminology, particularily at begning of my first year, even though I got a 6 on the IETS exam!
Now my medical terminology is good, but I need to improve my general language beacuase I still can't read long stories or novels in English. I don't like having to open the dictionary each time to understand a word.
Then, I tryed to introduce myseelf.
I majored in International Reralitons.
Today it's windly.
I was so dissapointed..
Day by day I feel the autum getting deeper.
I love wathing baseball games on TV and English football premier league.
Next month, I am going to go to Turky with my girlfriend.
Plese help me to learn English
This is the first time I have used this websit with the help of my colleague.
Just like in every other country, McDonald's restarutant can be seen here and there in Japan.
Many Japanese people don't think that McDonalds 'hamburger is yummy. As proof of that, here is the result of a questionnaire about hamaburger shops.
According to this article, many Japanese think that the most tasty hamburger cahin is Mosburger, a Japanese hamburger chain.
His sudden carrer change was very amazing news in Japanese Economic circles.
I was VERY intesting when I was at his house.
offense to Aristolte, but in my four years at ShanDong University, I
have come to find that passion is a key ingrediant of the study and
Academic life was facinating.
What I remenber above all was always bebing
It was exhalarating, intimidating, sometimes even
discouging, but always challenging.
Let's appriate it and look
Refusion.
It is always difficult to refuse a date, because I don't want to look all concited but I really don't want to go out when it is not the with the right person.
I had a lot of experionces like this and I realized that male and female can't be close friends.
an overcourt is 3000yen, and a hair cut is 1000yen.
How do we stop deflaction?
My frinend
So, I used this opportunity, I met my friend who is a techer at a university.
I think that parents have to love thier children.
I didn `t think it would be a love story and I was sure it was a typical modern book about notning.
I'm tiried
I feel a littel tired, I don't know why though.
Although I want to believe this world wont enter iinto war, I feel something worse (coming).
It may not be delicious to foreigners, but if you have the chance to visit Korea I recommand you try this food.
I mean those who were previously diagnosed and require asistance
no longer require asistance at this time or those who were diagnosed and now require asistance.
I know it's mean for me to say sonething bad about someone behind their back.
Recently I went to a game shope to find some new games.
This Thursday, I will go to Tokyo to atendant a ceremony of the company that I will enter next year.
I have been living in a student accomodation for about three years.
Then it would not make (any) sence for me to stay in the Netherlands.
Therefore I like this accomodation.
One of my friends did not (get to) know his neighbor [UK English] for six months.
So we would like to make the accomodation comfortable for the newcomers.
I'm learning to speak English in shcool
becase I studied very hard....
I'm afrard of swine influenza.
I want to play sports occasionary, but don't want to belong to a sports club because it is too hard for me to participate a lot of days.
I really wanted to buy it, so I orderd it on the internet soon after I watched the TV program.
I skimped on dinner yeaterday.
and I met a lot of forign students.
But I had a launguage problem.
Recentry, I made many types of bread.
I intend to teach chinses around the world one day so I need to enhance my teaching ability.
People graually become to stay at home in winter.
I thnik the weather is a very important factor that influnet people.
Before the food is done, my husband put pre-baked bread into the oven so that we could have it with the casserole.
You remember those days; when your mother knit a sweater in the dimp light for you, or waited for you until midnight because you stayed out late and she wanted to make sure you came home. You know that there are many memories like that.
In the futhre, I might experience the new world with the one.
Expressing my appreciation-A useful hiaragana website.
I always appriciate your corrections to my journals.
Why should people get TOEIC sroce?
Beacuse my birthday is in the summer, it means I'm gining to get older?
I have native speakers in my school but I'm ashemed to talk to them.
It's a pen seta and culture gift certificates!!!
The intersting in reading
It is bad news for evryone.
Initially, I was suposed to wake up at eight o 'clock and
Monday mornig
A tutle lives a long life.
Every time I have to write an English report, I cannot help but use an online transelation application.
A phrase I like is: ``knowledge is power`` and Englisf is the most useful power right now; there are hundreds of millions of Englisf speakers.
It's no problem if the new students have a good parsonality.
We went to an Indian restraunt.
Their atmoresphere is high quality.
Anyway, I know I still have a lot of opportunities to improve my writting skills.
This is my first dialy on Lang-8.
Now I major in english literature in univercity.
Mubark has been the priesdent of Egypt for 30 years.
They want to see the fall of Mubark.
Allah will help the peole of Egypt.
but the people of Egypt can't, because their goverment has blocked all Internet access.
My Favorite Sports
There are many beautful clothes, dance movements in the film.
Please don't hesitate to correst my English.
When the earthquake happend, he was in a mansion.
I don't understant it myself ^ ^;
This season, a lot of colleages held school festivals.
In my colleage, I sold Adobo.
It's a Filliphin food.
The goods were from developping countries.
my first dialy
I'm studying English evey day.
It's because I'll go to Tronto in Canada in April on a working holidday!
Eventually, I'd like to get an interpriter license.
But now, I'm not good at Engrish.
Today, I tried to inatall EVERNOTE on my PC.
It seems convinient for me.
I definitely recomend this book to every child, but if it happend that some adult had not read it they should read this one.
I got up pretty eary this morning.
Although nobody was walking arong the dark street, I enjoyed walking briskly for about 30 minutes.
Looking forward to the future, I can see this is gon to be something I haven't fully grasped.
I got the feeling that every skaters performed very well and they shawed their high techniques under all that pressures, many expectatons.
Mao Asada, the 19 year old captured the audience by completing a tripple axcel succcessfully.
I like her perfoamnace in the short program.
I spend everyday just attending classes, doing homeworks hanging out with my friends on holidays.
Even by doing so, it might be difficult to attain somethig special, but what is important is to try to have an awareenss of issues and start a volunteering
Barcelona was a very exicting city for me.
Last weakend, I went to watch the rugby games.
Thank you for reading my jouornal
In the afternoon we played a difficult game. Oh it was carrzy, I could not understand everything that the teacher said about the questions and the answer was also difficult but it was interesting.
Recetntly, an accident happend.
Japanese famous ex-F1 driver Katayama Ukyou climbed the mountain while trainning, for he has been planning to climb the highest mountain in the Antarctic (south pole continent).
They camped at the middle hight and a powerfful gust peffed off their tents.
He said at the interview that he will withdrow for at least one year.
The public veiwing is an event where you cheer for the team through a huge television screen with a crouwds.
It was a good game for Japan, but I think that there was a substantial diference between Japan and the Netherlands.
Today, I was required to go to school puntually and behavior myself well.
I don't konw why we're supposed to take classes in shch a marvelous summer vacation, which should have been full of joy, laughter, and merriment.
It seems that everything in my life jsut enveloped in terrible atmosphere.
Alought it sounds a little pessimistic and overstated, what I really want to say is learning is a lifetime and happy activity rather than pushing us to the limit with our mood depressed.
So I suppose we should cut down on the time we spend at dest.
Improving our knowledge by practicing it instead of talk about it thoretically is the most significant, positive, adn effective in our life, in my opinion.
Today's menu is omrice!
I should be more opotimistic.
japanes food is popular in the Europe, US and China those days.
And also I push the wrong bottouns on the keyboard, even when I write in Italian, my native langueage xD
uh, it's not exatly right xD but I'm trying, but I'm a self-thaght girl (ok, I think this expression is uncorrect) and I'm actually still at the 'HI, MY NAME IS ELENA'-things like that.
Humm...
I went to watch baseballpark with my friend a the ballpark.
A Baseballpark that has chicken and beer is like a paradise to me.
I think meeting is a good opotunity to grow by myself, so I must make good use of this meeting for my growth.
It's summer in Japan, so it's very hot and humit.
I went to a cell phone shop today becouse I lost the one I had before in Australia.
I'm looking foreward to seeing my friends.
The College English Test's listening comprehension is difficlut, but this is not the worst.
The dentist said it is not serious but I should brush my teeth in the morning and at night and seldom eat somthing acidic or spicy.
My roommate Fengyuan Zhu or ZHU Fengyuan have gone to beijing.
Tommorow is my last workday, because I told my boss I would be resigning from the job.
So I sometimes have a chance to talk to custmers in English, and transfered docements from English to Jpansese.
I thik it is good practice for improving my English, but I can't tolerate my boss's arrogance.
After finisihg work tomorrow, I want to try to get a new job!
Then my English teacher said to me. ``Please call your roommate and tell her don't lose this test.`` As soon as my English teacher finshed talking, I got my telephone.
The coler is good, but my bangs are too short!
is a neccessary class in our school.
Next, our school life wll be happier.
classes are neccessary because of the reasons stated above.
If you understand the humor, you could be from Osakan.
I know that I wouldn't have known how to read words, how to count the numbers and I wouldn't even have heard about the internet if I were in a severe poverty with unenlightened parents who are deing because of a lack of food.
If I were alive around my age luckily, my life would have been beared harted towards the indiscriminate world.
I belive that people dominate environments, but at the same time, I also believe in the fact that environments can change people.
The survey of that most people in Africa live with less than a dallor proves it too.
I am going to bring some gifts for her, do you have any recomendations?
In spite of this stuation, I'm spending the day as usual.
Accidently, I'm going to watch hockey for the second time in a rowsinceI 'll be watching sledge hockey at the Paralympics tomorrow.
Yet, the frequent descent of the bears caused some serious problems such as causing some casualities.
I really want to do lots of valuable things in the future, so I may have to do regular excersice for it.
But, I enjoy the festival `s atomosphere.
It is so conveniet for me.
I already wathched ``Pursuit of happiness`` and
No matter what, I feel warm and confortable. I won't sleep!!
I'm also learning Portugeuse.
They taugh me a little Portogeuse when I showed interest in Brazil.
Today I have decided to visit Brazl in 2016 because Olympic 2016 will be held held in Brazil.
He is only 28 years old, but is at risk for hypertention and obesity.
When I use English very ofhen, I become better at speaking.
I am worri.
I recived private request to talk.
``If someone doesn't know the history, he must see this history personaly.``
Abvout 4 months have passed siince I came to Aus.
For this week I am staying with another fost family because my host family are in Bali for 2 weeks.
It's used to explain hierarchical orgnizations that separate software developers from end users.
But we have never forgotton each other.
Kameta is from Kameta, which means tortoise.
Japanese sometimes name their pets from their soecies.
She has shortn her hair.
I watched a movie yeaterday.
It was my firest time to go to the Tokyo Dome.
You can enjoy studying and learn some slungs and daily conversation which you can't learn from textbooks or class.
If you can get Japanese ones, you can learn Japanese more efficiently by comperaring with this site.
So, I bought a book called, ``Basic Grammar in Use`` wirtten by Raymond Murphy and published by Cambridge University Press.
``Basic Grammar in Use`` is an American English Grammar Book and ``Essential Grammar in Use`` is a British Englsih Grammar Book.
I appricate this site!
Recentry many people have their own blogs and some of them are open to everyone to communicate with each other; just imagine it's like a kind of class room or something.
I hope they will find an awesome drummer, because I like the band because of their drumms.
There were some students who tried to remember, and then four of five studens were given the gift.
I really like to sing this song when I watch the film with tittlw ``THE LORD OF STUDY`` made in Korea.
the Japanses lived during the Edo era.
Do your countrie's people know where Korea is?
Teribble!!!!!
I have varius memories....
I've read twelve books by Agaths Christie so far.
We are going to have a gyouza party tonight.
I'm gonna cook gyouza for 6 people.
So she bought me clothes and a pair of shose.
Afterward we went to get coffe and we ate a big cake.
When his father got ill and was dying, he called his son to his bedside and said aginst his will, ``I'll say goodbye to the present life very soon.
3 days ago I took a math test, today philosophy, monday I'll have history, the day after English, then Phisics and then science and then phisics AGAIN!
I'll try to write some answers here to check my orrible grammar <<'''
Maybe becouse of our new roommate, or maybe not.
It is good for me to make a new habit, meet some new friends through here, creat some ideas...
I am trying to creat something new.
I'm woriking for a bank now and it is ok.
It is a system whereby salary and jop position rise in accordance with age and length of service.
For exmaple, in a traditional Japanese company, things like letting a young person make a big deal almost never happens, no matter how brilliant he/ she is.
20 miniutes later I had to transfer to line number 3.
During my teens, I always listened to thier albums.
Today, I bought a magazine in a convinience store that was on my way home.
I think fashon is used to show up my character.
I don't know much about that student. (The only thing I konw is that she is one year younger than me.)
This company holds a composition compositon.
(Normally it's 1800 yan) ($ 1 = 90 yen)
I went to see ``Inglourious Basterds`` today.
What will happend in the future? I look forward to it.
becouse some of my friends cannot speak Chinese very well
I also started to watch foregin films
I thought it was weired because there is priority among the issue that are reported. That is to say, I don't think it is appropriate to report all these issues about cheating.
Similally in Japan, TV and news paper don't tell the really important news and avoid the topics that threating the power.
movies, novels, and fairy tales talk about good triumping over evil.
I'm Japanise, so I support Japan.
I won't return to face the difficulty, but these days, my mood is so down, I dontn't have a reason.
One of my cats loves to sleep nere my PC.
It is so amaging.
I recomend it!
Thank you for reding my diary!
The job is very instersting and unique.
I want to study design in a foreign country in the furture.
For example, good restaurants, beatiful sightseeing places and so on!
Of the Japanese artists, I like Sina Ringo (toukyoujihen), Bump of Chicken, and Beat Crusaders.
If you get sad, whose songs would you recomend to me when I get sad?
When I'm stuck in my relationship probrems, Brity Spears songs make me happy!!!
But I will be a suppoeter of Arsenal from now on.
However, the Japanese parties are defferent from the Europian ones.
After I arrived in Narita airpot, I sent some of my baggage by delivery service.
They are older than me by 9 years and they are marriaged.
Ummm, it's intersting.
When I arrived at the park, I saw the monkey. Since I wanted to take some pictures of the monkey, I touched the little monkey's head as quickly as the monkey back haed and bite me arm.
Today, in English class, we thought of why people attend college or universiry.
In my opinion-increasing demand of human resourses with specific knowledge-if we would like to succeed in our career, we should be well-rounded people who have a practical and expertise background.
They must be required to submit a graduation thesis when they start job huntting.
I knew it after caming back from NZ, I really prefer living in country other than Japan..
I met some students who went back to thier country after Voluntary Service Overseas.
It's a vountary service to teach science with English to African middle school students.)
``I called the center, Thay told me
So, today, I went to the center for a phtsical examination.
So, English is essencial for me to communicate with them.
I'm afraid of misstake.
I discovered that the cusion of the seat fell in.
Then, I remembered that the foreiner was seated alone. (There are two seats at one side and I had my partner.) Initially, I hesitated to talk to him because he only speak English.
Because the cusion of my seat is so bad ``
I can fix korea entries.
There are some many analisis tools.
I am a single wroking mother.
So, to avoid the feeling of loneliness, I am getting started sutdying English!
I realize that many people study other languages hard as I crrect and write journal entries in 'Lang-8'.
Let's start by studying English and chinese!
im not japenses!!
Allthough I'd tried to make a good first impression it all collapsed in a second.
I carried him in my arms and looked aroud to find his master.
People write New Year's cards called ``nengazyou`` in Japan.
Nengazyou is a kind of unique card
I have finished writing nengazyou today.
It's fun to get nengazyou from my friends and former teachers.
The level of my English became better, but its just when I am talking wiyh people who are not from UK or USA.
The siniors sometimes link daily things to technical terms. (I know!)
The wing was eleborate and delicate so it seemed there was no strap on her shoulder, and it looked real.
Following her downstairs, I was preety sure that she was wearing platform shoes with high transparent soles, because she looked like she was floating several centimeters high above the ground.
I found '' osechi '', which is a Japanese typical dish, being sold in a convinience store.
These days, I feel unhuppy!
So she and her husband have to fix a lot of things like the celling, wall and floor.
What a coinsident!!
At first, I thought it was just an evacuation training exercise but I soon found it wasn't. I smelled smoke as it filled up the building and saw dark grey smoke rising from the buckside of our building from the window near reception.
Accidentaly, this was the last day of one of our classmates who came from Sweden.
I was tierd, becouse there are always so many peapole in ikebukuro.
She's so brave to try to break down the barriers in the persuit of love even breaking the rule set by god.
Recentry, I've been muscle training.
Today, I went to Shisuoka airport by bicycle.
If you kill someone, you will become a muder regardless of wether you are in lawful society or not.
However, if you kill someone in a war, it is likly that you would become a hero as you kill more.
I just want to say hallo.
It's my first day using this epoch-making service, which my ex colleague recommneded this Sunday.
I used to work for one of the translatuion/ interpreting service agencies in Tokyo as a sales representative, and heard many of our Japanese clients wanted the service called ``Check by Native,`` especially in cases where they had to present something very important in front of their clients, using memos (ppt.) which they wrote in English.
Like in the first case where you just want to know the ``facts,`` often seen in daily interaction in business, it doesn't matter whether a native or non native Englsih speaker wrote the passage.
But in other cases like in a restaurant, ``feeling`` has much to do with your acion.
It's interesting that the toughest subjest for me is writing, which is totally different from what the teacher lead us to believe.
I tried to find the anwer to that sentence for a long time.
The first answer is ``was`` and the last anwer I don't know because it is diffical for me to understand and also I am too lazy to read the book.
One thing was very unbelivable.
During the two days of competitions, the cheer leading squads performances of each cllege (Such as China, a university is make up of many colleges) attracted us the most. It was also wonderful that some college girls dressed in bikili!
Because some colleges had professional athletes, our college didn't get one any gold medal but just only a few of copper medals. But it doesn't matter, we all enjoyed the spirit of striver!
Therefore, I believe that we need artificial sweetners as a substitute of sugar.
But I was not able to let my fingers move on the piano keyborads well.
then my friend, (she is japanese, of caurse.)
we went to wp to gather woth my cjs friends!
I'm phisically getting weak.
Now, I'm drinking a lot of sport drinks such as Gatorede.
I haerd that the foregin companies 'turnover is big.
I have attended someone's ferewell party every weeks in September.
I am gon to write this for tomorrow's exam.
Secound, I often see people smiling despite their difficulties.
She fonicated with a friend of mine who came out of the closet, so you can say
that was adultry and infidelty.
She got groped (felt up) on the train, which made her androphobia...
I took a nap for fifteen minutes before leving home for my part-time job.
She doesn 't have confidence about English, but she knows many verbs and conjuctions.
To my surprise, there were no stories nor paragrafhs on her textbook but conjuctions and exercises.
Thank you for yor cooperation.
It was ouwned by chiken egg farmers.
It can match with everything so I don't think it has a charecter of its own.
she `s left olny I stay here
I `m lonly
but I don `t know whant do I do
But if you finish your plate of food, the amout of vegetables and fuits you have eaten will be huge ``
Sometimes I cannot underestand you.
Amusement park has disappeard.
That park resemle the Teletubbies hill.
so I hope that I will be wrting one correct sentence.
I took my yongest son to the hospital because he had a fever for 5 days.
I went shopping Yuraucho last Saturday despite inclement (bad?) weather.
I was thinking my budget for them would be whithin ten thousand yen.
After that I lost my confidence in speakin English.
I hope my engish speech skills will be great like an American!
At 11: 00, I always get out to eat, because I'm very foolish. I don't konw how to cook!
Then I searched on the Internet, and I found some information that said the strings of a guitar need to be replaced evrey three months.
audience: There were many people in the audinces at the concert so the musician was nurvous.
My hobby is watching dramas and collecting lots of hilarious. jorks.
If you know any funny jorks, please tell me!!
I'm a new member, and I would like to improve my writing skils. I plan on taking the Ielts exam, and I want to get 5. 5 to enter the college.
I really feel lost and confused, because I don't know how to improve my writing skills. I know that they say practes and try to write and to show it to someone who is fluent in English unfortunetly, these people are not immediately avilabel to me.
For a few minets, I was brosing the internet, and I found your website. I hope I find what I'm looking for.
For example, the topic was ``How do movies or television infuluence people's behavior?
In his correction, he used the sentence ``As can easily be seen, watching a movie and learninf about worldwide issues influenced me to make a donation.``
At the same time as this party, the 'LADY GAGA' concert was held at this stdium!!
His car skidded and overtuned.
Is it wrong if I say ``Let's get started``, ommiting the ``it``?.
If it were not Japan, the superioer would be sued.
When I was a student, I spent a lot of monet on music.
It said there is a still caste (?) system in certain areas in India. A young woman was killed by her mother because she was in love with a man who has a lower caste than hers. This sounds pretty much ridiculous (please stop putting-between your words.) and unacceptable in this socitey.
I want to spesk more English!!
It looks very futurish
Okinawa was warmer than Tokyo, becouse of its location.
This time, the airplane was deleyed by 2 hours due to maintenance.
It's on the way to mya home town.
The first thing we did when we arrived to the city was going to the graveyard, to pray for my granpa's brothers who already died.
You could realize at first sight the city was colonizaded by Slavic countries by the names in the graves: Mostowski, Olosz (my family's name),
There is a wide street near-``Kutuzovskiy prospekt``-but trucks that deliver goods are forbidden there because it is a govermmental street.
I haven't finished my bacheoler's degree yet like normal people around my age.
But there, we study American English and we have few oportunity to hear a British accent.
My British friend recomended me theBBC's web site to study British English.
it is my first diary writted in English.
I hope I can use this place to enhance my English ability. Especially my writnig.
I love Caomima, because they are very brave, they are able to speak the unspeakable about darkness in our socity.
I will write my way to utlize this web site.
I had many parties (eating jumbo parfeit, smorgasbords, and so on) and often eat something around midnight.
My famiy won the contest.
Becasue it makes me think about my dog.
Today I don't hav any plans...
(some games in arcades disapper)
My firend ``aquadee`` has pain, too.
I pray that God heals the both of usr as soon as posible.
So she and I headed for Starbacks.
Tonight, I will watch the Japan vs Tailand& nbsp; volleyball game.
The last sentaence I want to say is: ``Correct my entry, plese!
Having been told about the website for quite a long time, I could not make a resolution to strat writing until now.
Yesterday was an incridible day.
daialy life
while I'm here in Japan, I have little chace to use English.
I am glad to come on here and get to know this website which may hlep me to improve my English/ Japanese.
On April 1st, April fool's Day, my country manager was laied off.
I need to try my best to build our relationship and get close hiim.
Now, I pronouce all words like in French.
I wrote about myself here just because I wanted to post with correct English on my profile myspace.
If you are a boy, It is very important that you know you have great potential to sucess.
It is important for me to find my favorite things in the dayly life.
I Thank her for heling me to study English.
and I'm intereted in French too
when can I use this sentenses in conversation?
In the midle of it, I felt breathless and flush...
hello guys from japan, and my first diary abt japanese disaster
thankyou_ you:>
Chinease people might be struggging
If you see me crying in the corner, don't laugh at me, please give me your sincerly wishes and energy.
I also thinking that if he is courious in our life, you can enjoy being together with him.
You will be ploud with yourself ``
I am also happy if somenone like me because of who I am.
Do you like eggg& rice?
He's so cute that I still can't resist and get sentimantal.
because my husbant is in the UK on a business trip.
There was a cute painting drawn in suger on the top.
I will waite for my next chance.
As for me, I promise to help in studying English. And of course I will try to provide a funny and interesing meeting in Nevskiy prospect. =)
The severe lack of housing for students is reflected by the numberof students in doorm over the total number of students.
Workers have also encounted the same situation.
Recently, one of the goverment spokeman said on the public media ``[we] will move the metropolitan unniversities to the suburbs``.
They could also make wrong sentenses.
And I find that even after severl Chinese have correctedsomeone's jounarl, there are still some errors.
It is easy--easier than any other forigen language.
twilght is my favorits, now! ~ vampire>_ <
I have been wacthing this chanel for 3 months after I planned to practice my listening.
Not only does it have funny programs like Scrubs, Friends, Simpsons, etc, but also it's very convient for me. Whenever I want to wacth it, I can.
Sometime it's hard to believe that someone on Earth can really be that stupid, but that's what makes it so attractive that I somehow can't help but wacth it everyday.
Today, I taught 6 children English, Japanese, amd geography.
I used to have a fluent accent, a decent vocabulary and a good undestanding of the spoken language too.
The disadvantages are you really have no say in your enviroment, hindisght is 20/ 20, and even if you have a good plan you don't always have the resources to execute it, while the future seems so far off and your parents seem so old you think you have a lot of time.
She has become beautifu.
I have only one brother so it's a bit of an embrassing fact for me to have a sister.
In middle school, my most chrish time,
I could do everthing with my friends, say anything with my friends, and I didn `t feel bored on weekends.
Love isn't everything; our family, our study, our carrer, our friends, and so on are also necessary.
I go to the library everday because I have many times.
My favorite thing is to read a biograhy.
I borrowed a Walt Diseny's biograpy today.
Recentry, I have been busy job-hunting and attending class in university.
I'm a student who lives in Taiwan and I am studing in University.
I'm trying to learn English from them, but it does not hlep very much.
And needless to say, I'll visit The Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in Cambodia, whichi shows the savagery of Pol Pot's regime.
I have not had enough breke time at my job these days.
I have studied English only by lisning to audio lessons on the way home and on the way to work.
I thought, these thesedays a lot of people study Chinese.
Hallo, I am Japanese and I live in Japan.
Spealing English is one of a very difficult thing.
It is difficult for me distingish between [L] and [R].
he was always in a goog mood and always had something positive to say.
when someone woule ask him how he was doing, he would reply, ``if I were any better, I would be twins!``
That's sounds a little bit weird for foreigners being asked for their age. It is kind of taboo espencially for westeners.
The big event, The Winter Olimpic starts today!!
I want to write things but english is very diffical for me.
Universuty is said 'Hesitation term of life'.
The problem about that is that don't how how to earn (money?) in those placecs.
I may not be able to say anymore, though foreighers say Ghibli is not so much fun.
I know the inssurance fee is $ 12 per package. I ordered 3 DVDs.
Strawberry was 100 yen for 20 peices or so.
A pickled grean leaf vegetable was 50 yen.
It is a greated radish.
I ate Daikon Oroshi and pickled begetable with rice for lunch.
I hope this marketing style (local product for local people) shold be more engouraged for both consumers and farmers.
They had tried to keep in touch but it was impposible.
Unfortunately, she just caal him to say that she was leaving him, and to let him forget her.
Pleae correct it
I am fond of foreign cultures and interested in ppl who are from all over the world.
I was a mechanical teachnician in the past 3 years.
I cannot tlanslate the sentence below.
She asked, ``Son, are you ok?``
I am not a mysophobia, but I cannot stand dirty floors.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowleage or experience.
Even if they did not have any music class at school, they would listen to their favorite singers and groups.
They can deepen thier bonds through other school events such as cultural festivels.**
That is why students should learn more practical and usuful subjects first which will help them attain their goals.****
In my own opinion, although music has many adavantages of relaxing and making people happiy, we can live without using it as a job.
Therefore, more significant and valueable subjects should be taught with a priority.
November 23rd is Lavor Thanksgiving Day in Japan.
Lavor Thanksgiving Day!?
When I passed by 'The Rogers Center', I realized that there was a flyer posted on the wall for ``Toy Story 3 On Ice``, a tiket booth was nearby, so I stopped at the booth to find out the details.
When I asked the clerk how much the tiket were, and at what time the show would start, she replied that the cheapest tiket was 15 dollars and the show would open at 7.
So then, I bought a tiket.
My favorit scene with Barbie and Ken was also fun.
During the interval, Mikey, Minnie, Goofy and Donald Duck warmed us up!
And (their) pizza is so delisious...:)
We will stay for one night at a lacal inn in Toba, Mie Prefecture, next to Aichi where I live.
Busy day which I didn't ecpect....
But, if it snows, there are many troubles in everyday life. For example, I have to be careful when driving a car, and snow prevents the traffic systme from working normally.
I hope I can pratice using more English here.
I deposited in my best friends Sung-hwan& Krissy's account because of my loan?@_@;; then I ate a Korean nodle with Krissy at lunch.
In the early morning, I got up because today I had to take my daughter to meet her first tearchers.
I dont understan them.
Doing somthing at frist is very exciting as you know.
I'm a little bit nevous and excited.
bacause today is a rainny day.
can you hplp me?
For example, the people with pets generally have lawer blood pressure and lawer rate of depression than those who don't own pets.
75% of families who aquired pets reported an increase in the level of happiness and enjoyment in the homes.
And Start to exarcise!
It is a long-running doll, much like a Barbee. I used to play with Lika-chan when I was a child.
But we coundn't find any water. Many people are out buying water after hearing that Tokyo Water Official detected something bad in the city water a few days ago because of the Fukushima nuclear power plant.
But I can't take the medicens for a cold.
Because I have already taken medicen for my eyes,
However, nobody helps me even if I worry about this stuation.
Shop assistans in Japan say ``I ra ssha I mase``. It's sort of like saying ``Welcome.``
The last time I wrote something in some kind of journal was a really long time ago and I stopped because of my ultimate lazyness.
Lask week, our school did/ carried out a survey about/ on whether it is good to make friends on the Interney.
Firstly, some students belive it is easy to get on well with net friends.
Secondly, we can take part in interesting activies with net friends.
Not just for the short term but also for the long term simaltaniously.
When October comes, I always think about how I fill the gap between the goal I difined last year and the actual outcome.
My counsin bought a chiken for my dogs..
Today's dinner was chikin.
One learner wanted to transfer to other jobs using his billingal skills. I'm not an expart but I tried to do my best for him.
It was a question which asked you to chose the correct conjuction among some choices.
He had to put one additive conjuction on the sentences.
It's a traditional way to celebreit new year's in Korea.
Although It was the coldest day, I'd been wating an hour to see that
But I couldnn't because it is unusually frozing outside.
Especially a boy called Haidal. He is very clever, because he knows a lot of Chinese words, although most of them are bad words.
But if I failed the exam I cannot go threre...
It is popular amoung young Japanese girls.
At that time, all high school teachers told us, ``Keep studying hard for one year, after entering a good university, ur bright and easy days will come.``
The thing is, this area does not follow the Traditional Chinese culture and peole here speak Cantonese, a language I can't understand.
My colleague asked me why I want to study aborad today, and, freakly speaking, I am really not sure why I want to do it.
A: The weather is raining outside, remember to ``take`` an unbrella with you.
B: The weather is raining outside, remember to ``bring`` an unbrella with you.
Some college students held a birthday party for babies born in Decenmber.
But a baby came on the stage while they were playing the show, and it interruptted a student who was playing music again and again.
So I stayed in my companies domitory over 2 days.
Teachers belonging to ALC tought us English conversation.
I watched a TV program called, ``Sekaiichi Uketai Jyugyo.`` In this program, they said that crocodile tears means unture tears.
I noticed thit is happening for rest of the world.
One of my friends, who is a foreighner told me this web site.
I ordered an iPad2 at the Apple online store alomost a month ago.
I think my reading comprehension needs to improve, and it's difficult for me to get the main idea of a paragrag.
For me, too many practicse before the language test are not helpful!
Because when there are some quetions I can't get the answer, I will become nervous and anxios, these emotions only made me perform badly when testing.
Hope, I won't be asked the quetions which might be too difficult for me.
But I also lack English languate skills.
First, I went shopping at UNIQRO.
They're very warmy clothes.
They're too exepensive. (;_;)
The status of my application had been changed to ``Pennding Contract`` after being stuck ``in Review`` status for a week.
I parcitipated in the bowling event held by my English school last night.
It had been a long time since I have done any bowlling, so I wondered if I would do well or not at first, but my team (my friend and me) won third place!!
Kao Corpration is one of the most famous chemical and cosmetics companies in Japan where their products are used almost in every house (in Japan).
Although I can study and I have many ways to learn it eaven in Japan,
When I visited Philipines last month to study English for 2 months,
I might as well use English to comunicate with them.
I stayd there almost for an hour.
I considered whrther I should get one of them or not.
But the most successful of them all has always been capiltalism.
, peolpe are scared to take them.
So the real cause of the spread of drugs, especially among young people, is the misconception about marijiuana.
Many gangsta rappers rap about smoking weed... I watched 8 mile (about half of Eminem's life) 3 years ago, and the movie dipicted people smoking weed as a matter of factly!!
So, as a conclusion, I want to sate that not only must the government make the already existing laws tougher, but also cencor the media, which have a trmendous influence, especially on young people.
First, I like this website because everyone is kind enough to coreect my poor writing, (though, my dictionary is always beside me, just in case.) Usually those who correct my diary leave messages for me.
That is what I ment yesterday.
I recieved two packages
``seeing is believibg`` ^___________________ ^
It is a little dificult for me, but I always enjoy discustion with my teacher in English.
Sice I had a day off this year, I went skating with friends.
Ws it?
I will be stisfied with it as only space for sleeping ``
What she recomended is managed by her office.
I don't know if I should be studing the Japanese grammar at the same time...
I've only had a little food but I don't feel hugary.
Sometimes I am not hugary but I want to eat....
I'm gonna read the book entitled, NY NYinstitute of Photography.
OK boddy, I'm gonna learn more slang later, I hope RAVI will be mad at me. Shame on you! LOL
I will be carefull about that from now on.
Though I speak say tavel is my hobby, I haven't actually gone to many countries.
When I was on the campas alone, maybe I was seen as a strange person by many students because of my appearance.
The first time I tasted it I thoght it was too sweet.
Two chocolate buscuits sandwiche a hard chocolate inside and again, the buiscuits are coated with chocolate.
The first Tim Tam I tried had orange tasting chocolat inside.
Bite the head and the bottom off the biscuite.
I am goint to excersize every day.
To teach Korean to them is not easy but very excting to me.
July 7th is a special day for us Chinese people because there was a romantic story that happend on this day a long time ago.
A Goddess didn't want to see them togather, so she placed them into two stars with her magic.
One day, lots of magpies flew togather from all directions to formed a bridge in the sky. The pair of lovers could then meet gagain by the magpie-bridge across the Milky Way.
missing him made me not interested in my jod, my sale performance was not so good, my boss was very angry with me.
I like this song's melody and lyricks.
However it is difficult for me to sing to the guitar, and to pronounce English lyricks.
But I broght some bread to eat with my friends,
The table is very dity. <buy a dictionary please
Have a nice weekand.
I am majoring in English literacture and I feel it's a burden.
Havn't been here for a long time
Havn't been here for several days.
I feel so frightend/ scared.
Sometimes I see other (people's) exellent articles and I just admire them.
In these times, I sometimes think about the reason why I contine to work.
I feel very happy if my colleages and friends are eivious of my promotion.
I'm really glad if my wife or parents give me some words such as 'congraturation!
A public servant must surve our nation and people!
We would like to know if there are no problems for us to act as as the sole distributoer?
Well, I'm really interested: Do you, English speakers, use all your tenses which we (foreing) are studying at schools or universities? Recently we learnt about the future tense and there are so many kinds of expressing it, like future continuous, future perfect continuous and future perfect simple.
and in the afternoon, in the Classical Libreture class, I watched an animetion called Bleach, in which my favourite actor is cast.
He was the most famaous pro-wresler in Japan.
He was storonger than any other wresler so he was the storonger, in first or second place.
He was the president of his pro-wresring company called Noah,
It was bigg news in the sports newspapper in the morning, so he was on the top page in the sports newspapper.
Other sports newspapper's top page was also him.
He often appeared on TV programs so people will be sad for him, even those who don't like pro-wresring or watch pro-wresring.
His cuase of death was being hit on the back of his head because he took a backdrop from his oppoment.
Two men's wresler have died in the ring since the year 1953.
She rufused to watch the Titanic movie.
Shiba is a Jananese breed of dog. They are a medium-sized and very clever.
It's her first time going to a forein country alone.
because I tought I could get good score like 700.
mn------can I execuse this result? lol.
and it felt troblesome to read them again.
I spend free time absentlly.
I think I am lazyness. I haven't write anything.
Today, I receved the decision for studying abroad.
However, studying English while also studying chemistry was difficult, so I felt relievd a little.
Hi, thank you for ur reply.
Luckly, I am not.
studing English and Japanese
The building in the Heian-jingu shrine is a replica of the imperial palece in Kyoto city in the 8th century.
After shopping, we ate ``Syabusyabu``.
It is a meal where many vegetables and thin slices of beef are dipped into boilling water.
The ``Syabusyabu`` restaurant which we went to seems to be popular with many foreigners.
There were many foreign visiter in the restaurant.
Second, I wish to speake engish very well.
Third, I will help members that will learn the Korean languge.
Because of these reason, I registerd for this website.
my objection for in ternsdhip
Oh my godness help me!
By the way, his name is ``Free-Za``. He appeared in Doragon Ball Z, which is a famous animation in Japan.
to keep competitive in the intesive race.
I had made some friends who are japanes.
He wanted to have his own farm/ poultry farming and really healthy poltry.
I've started reading the Mmanga One peace, which is written in English.
Sometimes decesions are made regardless of our opinion, and we have to follow them anyway.
Thank you for coming and visiting us at Onoda-shi, Yamaguchi on Juniary 21.
A mother said that your picture book reading was so wanderful!!
I wanted to enter it but I was affraid that the price might not be friendly for my wallet.
And I leard about life through movies.
Sometimes, when I am bored, moive help me to spend time.
Please recommand interesting movies.
A strong typhoon is approacning the main island of Japan.
The weatherforecast forecast warns that there will be strong winds and heavy rain.
Poverty in Vietnam will increase because of soaring inflation over the last time, thus the Vietnamese goverment has to continue implimenting measures to curb inflation, said Mr John Hendra, the chief executive of the United Nations Agency in Hanoi
However, there are still areas in poverty that are difficul to address, particularly in ethenic minorities and he called on the goverment to adopt a new approach
But it has been a tough month because I had to settle the accouts for the fiscal year of 2009.
I'm in charge of the accouts of a prodction affliate company in Kyusyu.
The first time I met him, he talked about ``SD Gandom`` and ``The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya`` and I couldn't understand everything he is talking about.
After leaving from Tokyo, he will go to Shizuoka to view a big Gandom model.
Withoug Anna, I cannot get my English better.
Anyway, I have to mention that I leave on Aughst 26 to US.
I want to say thank you for eveyone who taught me English so far.
Espessilly, writting is mush better than before even though I still have a lot of mistakes which I can't notice until people say.
However, he doesn't know that she recored every song he sang each day.
Compared to Asian culture, somethings were similar but somethings were completly different.
I want to get a driver's ricence.
Watching the lower classmans take part in it.
I suppose he is in pain because he has been alone for a very long period and has to deel with the feeling of being the last one of his race.
I can't forget the peculia taste of ttomyangkkunh of thailand.
I wiil write in my diary continually.
It is a service is similar to Lang-8 but this can help us exchange languages with foreingn friends and practice the language you are studying.
In addition, dormitoies are safe.
These days, I'm very tired and sad because I have to study hard for my University enterance exam.
I love listening to glish music, but I often don't know what they are singing about.
The story is happened in some high scool.
the biology theacher experimented on one girl named Hyeon-ju.
She bit the theacher.
And they bit anothers.
And Hyeon-ju bit the embulance driver and paramedics.
You need to be indenpent.
I have not felt afterquake since last Friday.
In Tokyo, there are afterquakes everyday.
I hope that many people will read my diary and correct my sentenses.
please correct the sentenses, and be my friend!
I passed all my exams with exellent scores, and I am very happy!
I want to go to Moskow to the theatre.
Sorry for my bad Engish.
They were standard questions, like self-introduction, your personality, why did you slect this major?
And now look at my essey:
Games are undoubtfully important for the health and phisical skills of children.
But unfortunatelly, today we can see that our favorite yard games are not so popular among kids.
I am not an athletic fanat, but at least they have to feel qurious and to be interested in
Open air games develop phisical skills, make chuldren stronger and faster and improve their health.
I drink a few cups of coffe everyday.
I cannot rest becoause I have been so busy.
I will goin for an English recitaion contest at university tomorrow.
It consists of fifteen pages and takes eight minites to read.
I hope I will be to able to be carm during my turn.
I read a book written by an American professer in Japanese.
I was not the presentation today, which meant all I had to do was just listen concentrately.
Besiedes, everyone of us has to participate in preparing for the procedure.
This ceremony derivered from the event that the prince of Nintoku emperor sent a gift to his fiancee.
I may discarried again, but I'm gonna continue learning!
Even Athough I am Chinese,
The reason why is because graverobbers destoryed tumuli (plural of tumulus) lead to many mummies being dismembered and moved out from coffins, so empty coffins were recycled and used again.
Apart from people's mummies, it dispalys/ shows animals's mummies, which is a cat, eagle, crocodile, and mini snake.
Honney-giger means ``bottled ginger with honey``.
This year my friends and I have decided to attend semianr by ourselves. Since we have lots of free time we waste it without doing anything in college.
And I can do one of my hoppies with friends.
That is, learning new langouges.
Ysterday a big ship came to Kobe.
I guided foreign traverers yesterday.
However, I wasn't nervous and could guid them arter all.
I will go to a university to have an interview tommorrow.
I have a question about a colum.
I never know how to play the pinao or guiter like others, or do as well in French or Japanese.
As a result, I found this website and enjoyed correcting articles written by some foreighers because I am good at it and it makes me feel good no matter they thank me or not.
Eid al-Alfitar is an event usually staged by the religious community, which is a group of people who practice the same religion and it is one of the two most important Islamic celebrations.
Eid al-Alfitar happens on the first day of Shawal month, which follows Ramadan and we celebrate because we have completed one month of fasting.
The second most important Islamic festival is Eid al-Alfitar and it is organized by the local community.
He says: yeah, realy cute!
Another example, you find youself alone with your dad's friend.
I broke up with my boyfried.
The principal speaker asked us a question at the very moment the class began: ``Have you determined to perserve to prepare for the 2011 Postgraduate Qualifying Examination?`` Then he explained his question, ``To start to prepare is different from to perserve to prepare.``
Everything sould out, but my lower back hurt.
The pain was awful and umcomfortable.
This afternoom our class will be having a class meeting which will be about electing elite as Party menbers.
I submited an application for Party menbership when I entered the university the year before last.
For people from outsid like me, adapting themselves to the community is little bit difficult.
In other words, for someone who is member of the community, it is very comfortable and safty place to live.
My favorite team lost!
My favorite team lost!!> <
My husband told me to call the office for sicl leave, but I knew I couldn't.
My dream is to be a milionair.
I don't care even if other people say ``You can't be a milionair because you are not rich right now``.
I must be succesful because I believe in myself and I try to be a good person.
This is a sentence which was writen by a native English speaker.
I've wanted to see these shows becauese my friends always tell me that these shows are very interesting.
``sometimes piople need to have a break``. I can only console myself with this thought.
I got up at elevent O 'colock, then had breakfast and lunch.
Tomorrow I have English lesons, so today, Sunday, I am studying very hard.
I listen to English a proglam on my ipod every morning while I'm on the train going to my work.
I don't have a forgner friend.
Theyve studied all subjects like mathematics.
Three days from now I have a chance to goto to New Zealand.
This suturday I went to Shiga as a part of my group activeties.
Today, I have some classes at my colledge.
Especcially I love my pet dog!
On Saturday morning, my fridnes buy breakfast for me.
I heard from my parents that the pollen count is expected to be two to six times higher than avarage
Lately I walk whith my dog eary morning.
When the number of ATPs becomes less than the number of AMPs (having 1 phosporic acids), a hormone called AMPK, which senses the balance betewwn ATPs and AMPs, will be activated.
This exposition was devoted to Salvador Dali. I never have seen his painting in the museum untill this moment.
I knew littel about him.
I'm so glad to see that my diery has been changed.
I belive in ghosts!!
My friend has seen ghosts and he has a special avility that he can see ghosts.
The drama is realy fun!!
David Byrn is always cool.
I'm studing English in my school.
I will keep on tring!!!:-)
The weather is clud.
But, it's beautifui.
I didn't have any Indian friends in Taiwain
All my foreign pals are Japanes.
The favor of curry is so unique.
She mixed yogurt, basil, cilantor and chicken together.
But the type of rice is different from Taiwain.
Every etnic community has their own character.
I'm worring that drinking too much coffee may be bad for my health.
My favorite color is white, so my car is whiet.
becaust of that, I want a white 4G iPhone.
Last Thursday I guit my school.
It seems to forrow that I deside to buy it.
My favolite author.
For example, a 32 inch TV, a bus trip, a toster, etc.
Because, I am so busy on bussiness, so I can't get straight holidays.
Sometimes I make an English sentence for foreinger.
I woner if my writing is correct or not
Why don't they standarization the size of books like Japan!
If you have an oppotunity to come to Japan, I recommend that you to go to a ``Yakitori`` restaurant.
I also want to learn German because I really luv German football and FC Bayern;-) this is my first diary.
The sun today was so hot that we were all getting faintful.
Today, when I was about to eat curry rice, I saw the curry soup was sticky. Then, I smelled it and found out that the potetoes went bad.
Today, I went to the supermarket named Rarphs near my hotel, and bought sushi.
I interested in Fashon, Art, and Music from the 90's!
And the game featured them will be releaced this December.
I am ``good at`` speak Japanese but I am ``not good at`` spesk English.
This function is said to be very convenient for peolpe who suffer from hemorrhoids.
When I left a reataurant, it stopped raining.
... I visited Yskusima.
Today I met juniours in my university, and tomorrow I volunteer for an elementary school
I feel an urge to preserve the wildernesses for the sake of the beautifull planet.
I like a crescrnt moon better than a full moon.
I have a sore neck becanse I leaned my head back and looked up at the crescent moon.
I am a software ingeneer.
my boss is comming! See you later!
He spent almost five years working in Indnessia, my family changed a lot in both a negative and positive way.
Honestly, this is an extremely unneccesary incident.
Mango has become my favorite fruit since I traveled in the Philippines three years ago.
Please hlp me!
I am going to send E-mail to my friend who an internationai student today.
Do you remennber me? My name is ko-chan.
Please corecct my sentences.
With thsi new awareness, Lisa got the permission she needed not to worry so much about Jim.
She may try to pull him back mentally by asking him guit-inducing questions such as ``How could you treat me this way?`` or ``What's wrong with you?`` or ``Don't you realize how much it hurts me when you pull away?``
HOW A MAN 'S PAST MAY ATTECT HIS INTIMACY CYCLE
Deep indide he may be afraid he is unworthy of love.
I want to get high score in TOEOC.
I'm wating for Avril Lavigne now.
As it is so amazing, I choose it after taking the 2007th college enterance exame.
Recently, I'm writing a science thises to paticipate in a science thises comptetition.
Whatever the outcome, I will do my best and not dispoint you! ~
I'm looking forword to it!
Mah-jang culture came from India or China in ancient times, and finally came to Japan in the17th centry.
He is complelte beginner, so I can easily earn money from him and his friends.
I drew a picture with green and brown crayons yeserday.
I haven't used crayons since I graduated from elementry school so I've forgotten that 'Crayons Are Great'.
I `m a university student now, and I` m studing organic chemistry.
Because I don't know how I can begin to leanr this unfamiliar language!
As it stands, I am aspermia.
I tosted some bread and then put a lot of cheese on it.
I microwaved the cheese bread for a minute and the cheeze melted out of the bread onto to the plate.
Altough, the language I want to learn the most right now is japanese because I really want to go to Japan one day.
Beacuse of this I haven't used an internet cable yet.
Last week, I could browse and make corrections easyly.
She was wearing a shoking pink sweatershirt.
It is diffuicult for me.
I'm a software engneer
I'm studing Chinese and English.
My goal is to use English for bussiness and to communicate with foreign friends.
Go studying Eglish!
I also seceive some ^ ^.
I'm convinced that is the reason bacause other students played their parts very well.
Today, Richard asked us to talk something about the globle finacial cricis.
yeah, many students in my class can speeck fluently english, but no one can say it well, and we just had a three-days holiday, little had found this online, Richard seemed a little angry, but he didn't tell us, just asking us to do it for the next class.
I found this statement (as follows) in my textbook for studing English. (optional)
I hope there is no damege from this earthquake.
I have been aware that I really need to improve my English skills, such as speaking, writting, reading, and especially listening, because now my listening is not very fantastic.
I don't know how to ues this, I am a Chinese girl, but I am in US now.
The main characters are Tom and Hek.
Now I've been singing Vanessa's song ``Come Back to Me`` for 3 hours. (Maybe my neighbor can hear a little of my voice through the walls.... It's OK.
Or is Zac going out with Ashlley?
But I have also seen photos where he hits it off with Ashlley.
Then, we chatted about matters of common interensts.
After that, we took a special lecture by a Proffesor from their university.
More and more people, eapecially women, would like to live a life which is full of freedom, and many of them may choose to be single for life, for example.
I like walking in the a shady path alonely.
Ever since opening Taiwanese investment in the Mainland in 1990, the ouflow of the capital has caused an economic crisis in Tawain.
My English cram school teachers are forengner.
I can't imagine that I go abord alone.
Mixed feelings agian.
Frist I feel happy because of someone who when we frist met told me I look like a singer.
This Wednesday I had a Chineese speech contest at my school.
I'm not alome, right?
I can't speek fluentry
Coooking lesson
My favoorite baseball team is the Yomiuri Giants,
Cakes made at the cake shop are strange, becouse the cake shop is a Japanese sweets shop.
Jast a month has passed since a large earthquake hit Japan (3. 11).
So in Japan there are 2 layers of high presure: the Chibetan high pressure and the Pasific high pressure. That's why I am almost dying...
I'm currently a collge student at Jiang Xi Normal University, majoring in Business English.
Reading books, watching movies, listning to music and collecting pins are my hobbies.
I'm teaching an Amrican friend Chinese as a part-time job.
This minute it was raining, but the secound minute it's sunshine.
I have been thinking about this questioni since I decided to take the New
And now what I came up with is to make ``kisapedia``, which is just an explaintion of the things I am interested in.
That is, writing a personal wikipdia.
I want to read Englidh books.
But I have no chance to read English books because English books are too expencive.
I am writing this dialy without looking at the dictionaly.
Please help me with my dialy.
I am wonderring how much time it will take for me to be able to use English like I used to be; but, I will do my best, be diligent and be proud of myself.
Recently, I realy want to go back to Vancouver, the best place in the world, especially in the summer.
I hope that one day I will go back there and watch the brillint fireworks again.
It is located in the center of Tokyo, and famouns for many big shops of electorical appliances.
There are many ``Maid Cafe``, where girls in costumes of maid serve you with intersting performances.
Beside the mantelpiece he was shceming his escape from his home.
When I was an elemently school student, I hated writing a dialy. (even though it was homework, I did 't do it)
In addition, a jounal will be the most priceless thing for me when I become an old man/ grow old.
I saw Happy turn, which is a Japanese rice cracer CM.
I think it is about the guy who kept eating only McDonald's Humbargers and fries.
Starbucks Jappan anaounced that they will sell a new instant coffee in April.
I hope that the new instant coffee doesn't destory Starbucks's brand (OR name).
I'm interested in your Japanese class, and hope to join as a totur.
And how many Japanese toturs will be there each day?
Through this class, I want to make American friends, and enjot talking.
Thnak you very much for your time.
Everyone helped me so I wii do my best ^ ^
Evevn so, we saw lots of beautiful trees (even they were more than 3000 years old!).
Yesterday's deinner
We entered the Izakaya and orderd from the menu.
We orderd non alcohol drinks because we both came here by car.
There are a lot of people here who decide that they are native English speakers, such as Pakistani, Nigerians, Indians, Ghanian, South Africans, Irishmen etc.
Please, if anybody can make a few comments concernind matters of my introduction, I'll be very glad to share a lot of interesting stories about the UN, Africa, Western Sahara, Morocco, and I'll be ready to be a good adviser for those who want to improve (their) Russian or start to learn it.
Well I am Chinese. Some people on the internet ask me whether or not I am a foreigner. Well, if I don't know ur nationality I can't give you an exact answer:) If you are not Chinese, then to you, well, I am indeed a foreigner!
but actually, Chinese new year hasn't come yet, coz we celebrate a luna new year.
My girlfriend and I went to Yilan this Monday to Wendesday.
I failed again and again, and I never sucessfully stood up on the borad.
I will talk more about the palces of Yilan later.
The screen was spinning before my eyes, so I totally got desorientated@_@ I tried to get myself on track, but then my friends suddenly screamed: '' Will, you idiot!!!!
Now I want a motercycle and am dreaming that I can get a big one and travel around the world.
I'm so looking forward to going there, but I also wonder if I'd hit it off with Europians.
Gonight, byebye, see you.
When reading Pygmalion, I find that my ``desctriptive`` vocabulary is very poor, e. g. about/ concerning architecture, or furnishments.
I am so curious how some people can speak their second language as proficiently as their monther tongue.
The test had grammer questions, cloze questions, essay writing, and oral questions.
I mede three friends and had lunch with them at the foodcourt.
who can possiblely imagine that I can download a 30 gigabyte HD movie file in 15 minutes!
so its very deliciaous.
Open source conferrence in Tokyo
I joined the open source conferrence yesterday.
All the people I met yesterday were gentle, and they tought me the various things about open source on the internet.
In my hometown, this rent could give me a 1R which is 3 minites 'walk from the station and provides comfortable amenities.
Prices in convinience stores may be alomost the same, but when I go shopping in vegetable stores or the local market, things are as different as in rates (?).
This difference robs me of opporotunities to eat fruit (^ ^;) (in Tokyo I rarely have furuits anyway, though).
When I got home I was hungry and tird, but I liked it.
Relexing day
He showed me a lot of postgard.
I wouldn't like to lose interest in swimming, so I must warm my body throught exercise before I start?.
Again, I was too lazy to make any compotitions.
I listned to his songs today and he's my favourite rapper. I think he's the most handsome of all rappers lol
Hellow Everyone!
I read English Books to help children to studing.
Prease help me to fix this document.
I'm goint to Asakusa bicycle for health.
Saturdy!!
(OR-I will be going for a drink with my former high school techer the day after tomorrow.)
I haven't gone drinking with anyone this much older than me without somebody else, so I feel a little tention.
Are the students able to understsnd English grammar?
I thought that I was definately not good at it.
In other words, I've totally screwd up.
The white and well ripen corn () out of the hust (k) makes me happy and I anticipate how () it will taste ().
So I'm very happy because hiking is my favorite hoppy.
But I am a little worried for the rainly season.
I will organize an English Club for my company and also host it next month. Our aim/ goal is to let the English learners around us get together and open their mounth to practise their oral English.
For these reasons, I thnk education that aims at development of individual tarent rather than learning by rote is needed.
My high school give us many chances to go othere countries.
``Everything was over-producted or just junk.
It is so sprendid.
Because, we were able to eat fresh fish, shrinmp, salad, etc.
I don't want to letsing he be unhappy.
As soon as I arrived I noticed there were a lot of foreingers, but I didn't talk with anyone. I tend to get nervous when I have to speak in English because I have no confidence with my spoken English fluency.
One of my elder sisiter's family came back from Kagoshima to live with our parents seven yeras ago. Since then, my sister, nephew and niece have lived with them.
I think this movie is a very interesthing story.
Finally, we made an appontment to see him in his home town, Bergium.
Cloudy, rainy and sunny, Tuseday, 28, April, 2009
Sweet Moment-Transrlation# 03
I want to learn child-nurturing methods used in the US, and to do the work that is velated to the child's future.
It is maybe an action movie like indiendent day or almagedon....
I can study Eiglish in various ways on the internet.
Take for example EnglishCentral; I can practice listening and pronounciation on the site.
It's so happy for me becasuse it's a chance to implove my English skills and I can save money for buying my favorite things.
I remenbered it was very interesting and wonderful, and most of the pavilions had a long line.
I want to go again, although I forgot the name of the retaurant.
I feel Chiristmas is coming, discoveing people who have
Starback's tumblers with the Chiristmas colors; red, white or green.
In order to attend a kimono acution, you need a license.
I will go to Hawai next summer.
Generally, I don't say much if the atmostphere of a conversation gets tense.
However, I will find another way to say sorry for my irasibility.
Because I had to teach her math, I do not want to go liberary.
She never thought of anyoue else
And there is a bad smell aroud them because they became spoiled; (I think a man who threw them away is very stupid and cruel.
It's a little imconbenient, although it's good for relaxing.
Maybe I shoud live life more slowly.
Why do people think days pass by so quickly after fourty years of age?
But she felt days past by really fast when she was fourty.
Usually, the beans are sold with seasoning such as soy sourse.
So, a little bit of soy sourse will spice up the beans.
Due to the unique texture and teste, some people are not fond of it.
Yeh, at least I'm alive, and I have a job.
It's similar to ``Mentlist`` in that both protagonists of these two dramas can read someone's mind with their amazing skills.
Woudn't it be awesome if we could read someone's mind like they do?
Well hope I can make lot of friends here and exchange langueges (language correction?) with each other.
In modern life, I think moest people have an image (icon). Maybe the image is (of) an economist, a president or a drawer (artist), and so on.
These peolple have an important influence on the admirer.
In the firest instance, I think that he is a prime singer and dancer.
beacause there aren't (many) people who can reach the attainment like he reached in this world.
He often takes much money to help (needy) children through social walfare insititution.
Afte school, I have to go to cram school.
Now I'm writting the text of my presentation.
But, it's tightly connected with the previous stories. If you don't remember the stories, it's better to watch T1& T2 before you go to the theater.
It is always nice to write here for I am always so curious to find out who will be my first wrting corrector (or should I say who will be the first one to correct my wrting, but no matter who you are, I would like to say ``thank you`` to all those who check my writing, you are the most wonderful people in the world!
You've got to know the difference between ``given name`` ``family name`` and ``middle name``. I often mixxed them up before, but now all is clear.
There is one thing you should always keep in mind: when you fill in a form, please mind your writing. If you use joined-up letters, then it would cause pople trouble (in) recognizing what you wrote.
This weekind I'm going to the beach with my girlfriend to meet our friends there.
Althouht I have listened to this song somewhere before, I did not know the title and singer untill quite recently.
My chance to get to know the song was a CM by a campany of Instant noodles.
I was born in a northern city of China, and I went to colleage in a north-eastern city.
I love snow very much, and the winter in colleage left a deep impression in me and gave me good memories.
It's so dericious!
Hi, today we are having good sunsine.
Last week I went to Hokkaido, which is in the northen part of Japan.. I went skiing there.
Since I started to work, I had no chace to go skiing.
I have actually witnessed a cab driver bargainning the ride fare with a foreign lady who was extremely tired after daylong shopping with her young kids.
I'm planning a summer camp with the pastors for all chucrch members.
The place we will stay is awesome, with little streams from the hills and helf of the area is covered with trees, which is wonderful in summer. I'm looking foward to going there.
Are the problems international tralvellers cause greater than the advantages they bring?
Hence, More and more visiters should have opportunies to travel to other places.
It's a format of program when learning a new programming ranguage.
The company that I worke at forced me to take a test yesterday.
Today is the start of my english staudy.
I went there, at that time, the docter said to me ``there is a wisdom tooth in your mouth``
Stupid Day and Asertivness
Today, write your uncorrect behaviours and write your correct behaviours, and perform the correct behaviours the next day.
Resentry, I often feel this way.
Thank you for readnig and correctiong my entry.
I think politicains should sacrifice themselves, leset vested interests.
This is what really happe in Japan. good job
But his friend didn't come back till the middle of the night, he feel tired after a long journey, so he couldn't keep on waitting for his friend.
Well, it's not really ``do nothing`` but studing Japanese.
My parents want me to go for an exam of TOEIC and JLPT, then use the adventage of these two languages to get a job.
Honestly, I'm not really good at socialing with people.
Stranger makes me nervus.
Of course not to mation using the adventage of English or Japanese......
I have been a lacross player ever since I become a university student.
Hello. It's my first time using Lnag-8
please check my sentance.
please make this dialy sound more natullay ~ ~ ~ ^ ^
If it is not for an improtant thing, I prefer not waiting.
First of all, the small cute ``Daphne Odora``, which is in full bloom from feburary to March, reminds me of going to cram school in Hiroshima where I stayed at my uncle's house to go crram school.
It's like delicious, vinilla flavoured chewing gum.
On the other hand, I felt an elegant atomosphere.
unpleasent, such as strong s cologne, hair pomade, women's perfume, (it always smell good alone), just mixed up, came up to me and then, I got sick.
I want help and to make freinds in the world. Sounds more natural.
My favolite artist is METALLICA.
Today's journal bacame about discontent.
Today I read a tranlated fiction of chinese writor.
While the man dreamed about coutry house and want to live in a farm, the girl liked to use brain not the strength for work.
It was fun story that the English man can imagin how the young Eastern will be.
So, dad said to eat dinner in the reataurant.
It was a tough time, but I enjoyed taliking with the customers.
That's why many people, especially men, were wondaring to pickthe (right) colors to make aflower bouquet.
These hydrangeas have special coloer and shapes as well.
But as a matter of fact I got car-sick, being uable to say no when I had little appitite on our way there.
Today I went running about twenty miles, but I couldn't hear the footsteps of Spling yet.
One is the Honoruru Marathon in Hawaii.
just signed up to belong to a basketball team, yoga class, volounteer and so on.
Recently I can go to work only two days in a month because I have been receiving post-surgical chemotherapy to prevent canser recurrence and metastatis.
Though it was regrettable that I got sick, I belive my sickness have developed greatness to my soul.
She majoys in fine arts and she want to study in france in the future.
The movie I want to watch recentry
But they alone do not warm my house, so I alos use an oil fan heater.
I've kept playing basketball from when I was an elementaly-school student. It is a very difficalt sport for me, because I'm not tall. But, I practiced shooting many times by 3-point-line.
In these days, I'm always shoppinng or singing in the ``KARAOKE-BOX`` or drinking riquere or doing many things.
When I gave a speech here the first time, I was a little nervase.
I have to programming for my reserch.
The langage is OpenCV.
I'm going to study C and C + + langage at first.
Before long, you will find your home beome neater.
I should have worn a long buttom.
However, the Japanese do not really understand the logic of star signs because they believe the blood type is more concinvable than star signs.
Everything has an exception, and I guess I am not counted in the stastistic of the star signs and blood types.
This is my firt entry on Lang-8.
He often asked me how to study and mangae time.
changing my plans like doind this 3 times a week.
memorable day and muisc
This was the last time that my classmates and I had a meal together since next semester we will be devided into two different classes.
So I lay down on my bed and listened to muisc on the radio, which made mehave a good mood.
Additionally, light musiic helps me to fall asleep quickly.
From that day on, I dreamed of ofimastering english as well as her.
What is your favorit muisc?
messhi is great player?
Why you can earn more at Canadian companies is that they estimate indindividual skills more than Asian companies do so it really depens on your skills whether you can earn a lot of money or not.
I hope my english gets better for many resons.
and I can Ihelp you with Korean, and a little bit of japanese.
Does anyone on this site have such symtoms while staying in Japan or in your own country?
Recently, I felt like wach ``Avatar``.
My foreigner freind told me about that magazine yesterday.
He possesses a lot of authority as bisinessman.
He has taken care of his pearents untill he dropped out from a private university.
I wish one day Catalonia will become an autentic country, and then we will be completely free.
Men's foemal dress is easy.
I went to buy a dress suit from a tailer yesterday,
Becase I'll participate in a friend's wedding ceremony and I don't have foemal dress.
If I were a woman, it would be deifficult to choose, but I am a man, so it is easy.
Men's foemal dress is more uniform than women's.
When we try to study English in Australia for six months by using a Japanese agent, can you geuss how much money we have to pay for them?
I got angry, so I slamped the door.
I knew nothing about foreign countries eithher.
I developed chest mustle, upper leg mustle, and so on.
Today is thusday.
If you are a samrtphone user.
We are going to go to Himeji catsle and some other places.
I want some things in my life to change such as finding a boyfriend, getting a job, being sussessful...
But, my englsh was not good.
Recentry I often went to the States, almost 3 times a year in last 3 years.
Nobady knows what would happen in the future.
So, I need to impove my speaking and writing skill in English.
The Rabbit has the personality traits of active, tame.... ect.
I brougth the paperback and an electronic dictionary.
I stude all day long and arranged the company's products.
We have a big test tommarrow, and I mean BIG, very big...
I am very, very, very nervese,
because studying is not my faveraite thing.
I understand some English sentenses which I couldn't before.
She was just fine, so I `m realy happy.
Everyone seems delited by it.
My fother had lots of potatoes in the house, more than he could eat before they became rotten.
So I gave most of them to my yoggy teatcher whith two carrots when I visited yoga sutudio.
Their menus look so yammy!!
I Abusolutly have to study English.
Maybe, beacuse it makes me have a headache.
but I wii try to learn more English
There is a satelite school here and I'm kind of an exchange student.
Alos, I think my English has improved more than when I was in Japan.
It is my first time writting a diary in English.
I hope someone will revise my mistakes in this artical. I would really appriciate that.
I've gainted some weight.
The divice is tured on every morning, but today something was wrong and it didn't work.
She rided her bike and she gave me a chocolate, which was delicious.
After reading a record about the debate between Obama and Miken, I thought there was a great difference between the 2 candidates, and that's why everyone said Obama was better.
Obama's speech is full of numbers and truth, he memorized and used these records cleverly to support his oppinons.
On the contrary, Miken usually used concepts or vague words.
When it turn to Miken, he said that it was right to do so because of justice and the government's calculations.
However, maybe fighting in Iraq has more benefits than disadvantages. But if Miken can't explen it clearly, I think it was clear that Obama was a better option than Miken.
In Japan I watched the full moon on 20th, Janualy.
I forgot its title, but it was about disigners who come up (invent or design) with variousequipment that help people, such as people living in developing countries.
Yesterday, I used the Skype for the fitst time.
For example, I like to read books which are, of coures, hard-covered.
The standard mobile phones which are sold in Japan have high-tech camera devices and internet connecting servise.
But I do not need such kinds of higy-tech functions.
Therefore I bought a very low-quality mobile phose which has jist e-mail service and a very low-tech camera device.
Nawadays, Do you think I need to own a car?
Therefore, I can do work more speedly/ quickly and efficiently by using machines.
All of above is a part of my essey that I wrote in a class during my study abroad in Hawaii.
This is my frist journal.
Haruki Murakami?
I guess they were on a day off.. (It's an abusolutely impossible case in Japan)
Fortunally, the light was fine and we could phone.
My Frist Time Writing A Diary In English
It depens on the woman, but I think most women who are given a lot of love from their parents don't do that, unlike this Taiwanese woman.
If you type your name in the box, then the program shows some Kanjis in your illustlated brain on the screen.
In the end, he talked about his experience of how he accidentaly met his friend exactly on the day after he dreamed of his friend who he hadn't seen for a long time.
If enybody knows how to do, please teach me:)
The operater calmly said ``First you have to make sure he is already dead.`` After that the operater heard a gunshot from the other end of the phone. The hunter said ``What should I do next?``
I've never stayed in foreign countries, so I can't descrive my feelings in proper expressions.
And I know it could be the most precious part because Chongqing, together with its people and mountains, has inevitablly constructed the background of my university life which has been maybe the purest yet most complicated period of my life.
Differences between wish, hope, and beleave
A lot of frustartion came out from both teams.
Some playes fell down to the ground and looked very hurt.
TV proglam on-air: TSUNAMI.
The father of the bullier came to school to apologize to the student and
However, the girl who was bulllied retired from (quit) the team at that time and
This time the bullier told me that she wanted to retire from the team (too).
For example, he uses public portation when going
Our city is in the suburbs and it is difficult to traver
I want to buy a beautiful woolen cap to warm myself, red is best, which looks like fire in winter.
One porson who fooled them is making music on the Internet.
My teacher would like to everyone write santances.
I think this technique is spcial.
They controle the effictiveness!
And exercising makes me feel refleshed!
After exercising, taking a bath is my favolite thing!!
But, I relly feel sorry/ sad about my English right now...
For example logarithms, vetor operation and integral calculus.
I took some phote with my digital camera at my bitthday party last week.
This semester I'm only taking 2 couses, but there are some other things I have to deal with...
Now the area I live in Japan is in the reiny season.
I'm at a point where I can no longer find any appropiate books to study with, so I'm basicly wandering around in circles.
So far, I've completet a 1-year language exchange programme in Japan, and have picked up an insane amount of vocabulary.
I'm not so sure about kanji combounds, vocabulary and grammar though...
In this movie, Led Zeppelin's famous song, 'Immingrant song' was used.
In 2008 (two thousand and eight?!) I earned a degree in Journalism at the University of Palermo and the first week of next novembre I'll take the program to earn a specialist degree in Social and Institutional Communication.
It's a thick and soft udon with only simple soy sause, and it was delicious but softer than I expected.
After that, we had laxuary dinner which had various sorts of sea products!
they usually go there during their mddile semesters.
There is no shunshine but there are strong? high? winds, therefore, I'd better/ rather stay at the doormotory, playing on my computer.
And then, I read those comments, and I got really pleased and happy becase those explanations helped me understand the parts I didn't in an easy way,& nbsp; plus there were a lot of examples.
Well, I've had a delicious breakfast, and today the weather isn't as& nbsp; cold as it was& nbsp; befor.
Recentry, I wonder whether foreign lungage should study in the country.
Everuone please help me.
I try to start writing a diry on Lang-8
I shink I want to study English more but it's expensive to study English in japan.
Kono neko wa okashi hen desu.
Kono neko wa senpuoki no mae de nemasu ga, sono nezou ga okashi desu.
Tabun, sore wa totemo atsui denki no tame desu.
Whenever I watch that show, I'm hauted by the fear of terrorism haha.
I am interested in ``SILS`` (School of Inernational Liberal Studies) in Waseda University.
After that, I talked with a coullege student.
She has studied abrord for a year.
I have returned to Fukuoka prefcture.
I enjoyed looking at the choices in the beginning, but it was going to be complicatd.
So I am going to stay in Fuuoka for at least two years.
Today We talked about blood type and many personality traits accoding to blood type with my phone conversation teacher
I told that him in korea people believe that blood type affects the thinking and personility of people
I thought I had to study English, especially the listning part.
I recieved my laptop from repair.
I paied the mobile phone& amp; GABA (English scool)'s expenses.
Well, I'm trying to translate a contract about medical instrumentof from Japanese to Chinese.
Why? ``At that time, I didn't know the meanig between drug free and free drug.
The mackerel was loasted and dipped into sweet soy sauce.
mamorial day!!
Today I just wasnted to say ``Hello`` to all of you.:D
what my freiends are thinking and can also send what I'm thinking.
Theerefore, I'll just go to bed right now.
However, that blogger says that before you make friends, you have to imput lots of words, about 5000.
Please somebaody help me!!!
My dog gave birth to 1 boy and 3 girls on Aiprl 13th.
After that I often visited the States for business and lesisure.
In another two years I will be sity years old and I plan to have a trip to USA with my friends to drive across from LA to NYC.
Today I went to a funeral in a buddist temple.
The road was like the river so I was affraid of driving my car.
I'm excited a little because Lang-8 was exactely what I wanted to find.
I'm getting a bit anoyed by all the spam accounts on sites that I like.
At least, I personally don't know anyone who is just waiting for that mail which promeses a true and passionate relationship.
And the ones that do make a living out of 'being a webcam girl' or the like, the people that do have an intrest in such things will naturally search for it themselves, won't they?
I have been looking for an interesting American drama that can help me improve my English listening skills, and today I finally found 'The Mentalist' on an Internet site and downloaded 5 edisodes from the first season.
This drama is about investigators who belong to the California Victims Inverstigation organization and try to find murdurers.
It is very fascinating because the mantalist uses his mental power and hypnosis to track down the murduer.
? Anyting else?
I like/ enjoy playing tennis, skiing, and especially travellind!
We will engoy ourselves this weekend.
However, I suddenly heard terrible lowd sound.
And a lot of UFOs came over us, then they splinkled poisonous rains!
This is an email requesting reshipment of my mypurchases.
Libraly 3 <story>
Second dialy.
I have never written a dialy, even in Japanese;
They are learnig ballet, piano, art and abacus, which is a Japanese crassice calculating tool.
I think they are learing too many things for their ages.
But, I never succeeded in teaching her continuausly.
Thank you so much for reading my dialy.
If you have time PLEASE correct not only my missspelling and grammer,
Watashi no jimusho (kaisha) wa sochir desu.
I had a coputer certification test at 12: 40.
I Have Qustions Again.
Well, I'm reading at the momment a book called (I don't know the correct translation in English, I'm translating the Portuguese title) The girl that steal books...
I'm in the beginig, I can't undestand the story so well. Since a lot of people told me it's a wonderful book, I'm excited to read it...
Usually it is played by professional SUMO wrestrers, but on this show, it is played by other fighting sports players and TV talents.
The unique concept of it, and the amazing sence and talent of some players excited me so much!
Lo and behold, the Strikeforce chanpion as well as the DREAM chanpion Alistair Overeem was there, and he won!
However I guradually noticed that I ought to have more chances to speak in English.
becaouse I wanted to kid around, I said ``Good morning man ~ blalbla``
Aand we received guidance from him about how to get rid of the mouse.
He said that at first we must find where the rat insart the invasion..
When I say that, people aroud me look at me surprisingly as if they didn't expected me to say that and I end up looking odd.
I say, ``We can listen to radio while doing simplitic tasks (maybe give examples?). I feel so relaxed while listening to the radio.
For example, a Filipino said to me he wanted the bycicle-cargo on which I usually carry my kids.
If we find that information, we can help satisfy the foreigner's niche and it is a buisness chance too.
I'm a little bit nurves.
At the beggining, I didnt 't like it so much, but gradually it caught my interest.
Next I would likr to watch the DVD of part one.
with the differences, we can't learn the foreige cultures completely, and then if we do not have a good knowledge of the different cultures, it is a big challenge for us to write an English essay well.
As foreige language learners, we seldom communicate with others in English or write English letters to others in our daily life; that is to say, we do not have a good environment to learn and we regard the writing course as what we have to learn, but what we want to learn well.
And I believe that if we learn more foreige culture and develop a better language environment in our English study, we will find that it will be easier for us to write.
Somehow, I recently haven't takjed with Americans in English.
A few days ago, we went to the cinema to see ``Shrec forever`` near my home.
Shrec was very funny and fantastic.
Shrec feels that his married life is suddenly very boring.
Shrec accepts the proposal and he is trapped.
Could you do me a faver?
How are yor?
I think my English sentences are sheesy...
Can you beleive a guy around 20 watched such a love story? LOL In fact, I like love story movies because I don't need to think deeply about them after watching them.
Mio loves tomatomato.
But these papers are too diffictult to write, I feel that I will have a very ``good`` days in these two weeks.
I had to speak English through a mycrophone.
And I had to type English senstenses with my keyboard..
I can improve my enlish ~ ~
It looks like a white carpet and it is very beautifull.
becasue outside was sunshine and I didn't wear lots of colther.
Haha, wonderfull snow I like it.
No matter what's sad things are in my heart, I always encourage myself finally ~ Hopeness is light!
They tought me how to play pool.
I wnat to go out with them again!
While Gods is plural, but it is prepended by an article, I mean ``the``.
And this kind of tea was promoted by one sentence advertising saying: ``Please drink this tea if you want to control heat.`` It tasts very odinary when I drank it (for) the first time, before this advertisement started bombarding us from all directions.
Many pepole fed them.
no suspecious people following me
It's testosterol itself that makes the difference.
The amount of testosterol released decides the sex of the fetus.
Surprisingly, the more testosterol released, the more uneven the length is between your ring finger and your middle finger.
To my openion, I don't think it's good to pioneer biofuel,
It will be a problem since it sitll needs fuels to transport the ingredient.
If we start to use biofuel, people may think that the problem of food lacked has been solved, and start to use things unlimitedly, it will cause a wate, too.
He said it's kind of awkard because last year we (both) studied together at the same school,
Yesterday, I registered with the sns site which my friend on this website recomended.
I interprited it as `Ima lazy woman`
little mistake in grammer.
Once I understood what he meant I quickly apologied.
When we study a foreigh language, we usually memorize one meaning or two for a single word.
My neighbor, who lives in the ground-floor apartment across the alley, adopted two dogs. I called one Small White as it's a white dog, and the other Spoty, as it has black spots.
A few months ago, Spoty died due to old age.
I thought it felt very sad because Spoty was gone.
I saw him/ her wandering in alleys and lanes nearby, I guess he/ she was searching for Spoty.
Althogh it has been three or four months since Spoty died, Small White still whines somtimes.
In the contempoary world, technology is advancing at an astounding speed.
But in the meantime, whether technology causes entironmental problems has become a highly debated issue.
Specificially, instead of wasting our resources, a simple life can conserve non-renewable resources, such as mentals, minerals, petroleum and fossil fuels.
It may be tempting to argue theia easy life may carry potential drawbacks.
However, the denifits reated by technology far outweight the disadvantages.
so we are stayed in militery service..
I think it's our first trevel..
But nobody wants to go militery service.. ^ ^;
Compared to real trevel, joining the Army is a little deferents.
Of course, Trevel make me flutter..
Everyday we should go to scool or to work..
For my refresthment, I trevel..
Have you ever had an experience in foreign tevels?
How many different kinds of trevel are you familiar with?
I am not too good at Eniglish
For example, they can learen how to talk and begin to understand different languages by watching TV.
The first lesson I learned was how to conmmunicate properly with different people, including classmates, professors and people of different social status.
We had a task that assumed you were in a lift with your boss and he didin't know you, so you had to try to promote yourself natrually.
This kind of thing seems like a piece of cake, but it's definitly useful in our daily lives.
I stayed home the whole afternoon and became fent.
Though my ability is still not good enough for the impending examination, it seems something constantly coaxes me to find other ways and escape from this endless yet doomd to fail enigmatic swirl.
Only in daydreaming or the dreams of deep sleep could I find the contented smile with the delightful wrikecles embellishing my cheeks, carved by all the wounds from my sacrifice and torment.
At that damn moment I just can't do anything practical or efficent to cure or soothe her pain from the aches and itches, andall all I can do is to comfort her with my care and words.
Always in the serene night with the dim lamp by me, this platitude would penetrate the gloomy air through the soud of my mom's breath reminds me to be more determined and obstinet for my hard-to-reach dream.
The great mother's day is around the corner, but I am still a dependent child who doesn't have the ability to buy her any luxurious or exquise stuff or treat her to a dinner in a great restaurate.
I'm feeling comfortable even though I recognize that there are many mistaks.
I wanna take advantage of this hapiness and time, to improve my English.
And I worry about zemi that starts the second grade at unversity.
I had write in English becous I want to know what I wrote incorrect!
They will have a life of happyness.
On this day, the obstruction will bacome a bridge.
That monie is very interesting.
I should remove worms from these leaves so they can keep gorw.
but I don't have any firend to teach me English.
That is how we show our strength to our cumtomer.
One of my colleaues became a father yesterday.
I want to have such a great feeling, but saddly I can't give birth by myself.
Shinokiya is wonderful plase.
I came to Singapore frome South Korea.
I havs looked for couse in community centers in singapore websites yesterday becase I want make a local friend so I looked for an English
it was my first premie.
Because of that, the first day might have been canceled, but the typhoone went another way, so we were able to hold the festival.
I got a pair of danbels to train my upper arms.
They are not like regular danbels.
This city falls victim to a disease we're afrad of.
Because the actors are perfect, and the gerne is action.
Now, I will introduce my favolite song.
I drank too muxh.
He seemed cold becaue he wasn't wearing a jacket.
Then I learned Nicotinell patches are released fromNOVARTIS Pharma again.
This situation has lasted for a couple of days already and the roads are litterred with ice.
I want to make many foreign friends, and learn about foreign peaple.
I'm going there by a woking/ holiday viza.
In epidode 1-3, Rachel said, ``I should really get back to work,`` and Phoebe answered ``Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.``.
While other waitreses could serve well, Rachel couldn't serve well.
I think we have to care about wrong streotypes.
I am also expectable for the coming new semester.
but the leaves in Kyoto are especialy beautiful and amazing.
While I was riding on it, a Filipina person spoke to me in Japanese.
But I thought the atomosphere was better in Sky Spa.
I wish I could speak English fluentry!
In order to improve my writting skills, I think I'd better add a daily record of my activities.
it's rlly not easy to blance those three things at once.
She gave me a shutlecock key holder and some cookeis.
I will put it on my badominton's racket case.
I hope this accomodation remain for awhile, in spite of the upcoming tough economic condition.
I'm narvious recently.
But it was puite easy for me, and I wanted to read something more proffesional, like a paper or thesis.
It's more lightfull here now compared to what it was before.
All of my sudents passed it, which made me happy. Also, I thought I need to study harder not to be beaten by them in the future and always to be their teacher.
Usualy day
Izumo is more beautifull place than where I tought about before visiting.
I am disappointing now, I saw anouncement today, and I now realize how difficult it is to apply for that program.
Sometimes I think abou why my parents always work so hard, yet my family is still so poor. I really don't understand this.
Even I am trying my best to get that scolarship, because I can `t afford the sky high fees of graduate school.
Some cell phones are very expencive, but they can do more things than cheap cell phones.
I'm going to stduy English and Germany hard on this site.
This is the frist time that I write my diary in English.
In my dream, I could smell the cat and my nose was tikled by its fur.
So it was very taugh.
recentlly, the movie 'The Hurt Locker' showed.
My friend asked me about this sentence ``Enjoy ur life there.``
That sentence is supposed to mean ``enjoy ur life in canada.``
The daily temperatures here fluctuated between/ from-2 to + 3 degrees Celsium.
Should one ecpect a reward when doing a good deed?
For example, he takes care of his friend's wife when his friend goes abord.
Because if you try and prevent the theif who is doing something illege
Anther reason is doing a good is alaway recognized as a silly symoble.
So why doesn't the goverment give some reward and let them feel a sense of pride.
I actually was not expecting such a great response by anyone since there are so many perple writing a diary and wating for diary corrections.
I just wnat to hear your voice again.
I went out with someone to test and comfirm how much I love you.
though it's very insteresting to be with that boy,
Since there had been unexpected visters, I used up my coffee beans and I forgot to buy new coffee beans.
I love the smell of muffine and coffee. It makes me feel so happy.
That is my fovorite moment of a day and it is where my enagy comes from.
My body is still craving a coffee and I am counting down the time until my fovorite coffee shop opens.
Today was a boring and a tedius day.
So I feel bored (& tedius). I want to go back to school.
But, the language specs were very interenting.
I cook every day because I have experience working at a restaurant as a part-timer, and saved moeney.
And I also heard that somethimes lions show up....
the University's liblary to study for myupcoming master course entrance exam.
The exam is onthe 25th of Augst and we have to take 4 subjects including English.
-It's the script when I prepared the English speech contest in my 1st year in Uviv.
The leader seems to be a lille bit strict.
Since there are so many non-japanese people working out at our gyms, I'd like to welcome them to our ruuning session, too, which is exciting!:)
If you skipped this step, the remaining temperture will harm the freshness, which means it will inevitably pull the rug out from under the all efforts you have taken.
I am going to visit Pune for a business trip for several days and I want to get some informtion about Pune especially about turiost attractions in the area.
The first one I draw is based upon the ``Madonna Della Seggiolia`` by Rafaeollo.
Because it is so difficult to explain and express my job in dateil.
Many good friends who have different countries are prabably here.
To get a satisfactable result, I decided to get a 600 score.
Next time, I will see her befor my day off:)
Hello eneryone.
One day, I used goole to help me improve my English.
I don't know why but I probably spend too much time on Internet or I don't eat a lot of food and I often drink a lot of coffe.
I'd like to get in fittnes clubs 'gym.
This gym has a lot of foreiners and that's why I'd like to get in.
I learned that some western cultures have the concept of 'personal space'. This means that people think they have an invisible area around their body in which they are rightously occupying and when some an unfamiliar person comes in to that area, to them, it is an intrusion of their privacy.
I hope that these past weeks were also usefull for you.
It sonwed occasionally.
And in the world, it is natural that lots of people spend it with thier families.
They want to spend it with thier special boy-friends or girl-friends.
Although speet limit is 55 mile an hour, most cars drive 70 miles an hour.
Normaly, rainy season lasts until June if my memory serves me right.
Sometimes I felt uncomfortable, beacuse my boyfriend seemed to love talking with the girl.
Altough I know they can't have any relations, I don't like that he talks so much with her.
Suddenly, I felt angey and asked him, 'Why do you know she loves it?'
there was a menial man who graduated from Camblidge University
The man went into militery service and passed away in France.
one of the my most favorite auther
At the milk celebate, there was 'milking experience, making milk cheese,
First, we put 8 lavendar oil drops, 2 drops of milk concentrate,
Previously, you guys comfirmed my resume for me. Thank you for that.
I am intersted in this new experience.
I need to bake a pie, fri potatoes with beefstakes, little pastries, what else...
Well, I'll invent sommething else to cook.
The Korean natinal holiday ``Chu-Suk`` is over.
We talked nicely 2 days ago and he was in bad mood. I stood next to him, helping him thorugh his problem.
becouse I like movie so I woule like to whaching enghish movie.
My favorit movie is Jackie Chain.
Because my husband's work was becided in Frankfurt.
Sometimes I think that days are so short because I can't do much things. However, on weekends, the days are longer and then I don't know waht to do!
Now it is wintter vaction, so I am happy:D
torday I erolled in Lang-8 after a friend introduced me to the site. She said I can write on this website, and someone will correct my writing.
Taipei 101 was build by the KTRT team and there are 101 floors above gound and 5 floors below ground.
During the power outates, the traffic lights don't operate.
a bit tired as I am, I am pleased with him knowing more about chemisty. I am satisfied with my attitude towards the job.
By the way, my friend and I studied MATHEW on Saturday Bible study.
but I have some free time to do something like this nowdays, so I'm doing this.
If I paseed, I have to do the interview one more time.
Somtims I have a cough, runny nose,
How can I lrean English?
I had bread and soup for diinner while watching TV.
However I think this situation is not common for the typical Japanease.
That's terrorable.
From the th to the 10th of May I was in Nizhniy Novgorod.
A tyhoon is approaching. The wind has picked up and it's pouring.
I've just started Lnag-8
I'm an IT engeneer, so from technical view, it is not so hard, I thought.
I aloways eat dinner at 11 p. m.
Since she is very knowlidge about archtecture, and we have different opinions about it, we don't get tired of discussing it.
Besides, we can enter free of charge and the plice of food and drinks is very reasonable.
Valleyball Game
I entered a valleyball game last Sunday.
I usually use some LUSH products every batht time.
So I decided to be an instant colunteer interpreter and help them.
Well, I'm a graduate studnt now.
Of cource, it's a part time job.
The paerty will be given in Tokyo at Roppongi.
The recruitment number is 1000 peopre.
What desine design we put on?
Is anything I can write that has never been writen by others?
I will study tourism in univercity for 4 years.
I am intereste in the food problem.
I am looking forword to going abroad to study.
Yesterday, I had a party with my neighbers.
Three people are living in our apertment, and sometimes we have dinner together, or talk over a cup of coffee.
Althought we only had 30 min to cook, the meal turned out to be really gorgeous!!!
Althought I failed to win a prize at Seoul office of education KOI, I thought I was very good at programming.
I'd y be very greatful for any help to improve my English.
The corn bits tenpura was the most dericious dish.
Naturaly, we looked the bill and were surprised and laughed.
To be honest I don't like to study or memmorize grammar rules.
I ate chiken rice twice in Singapore.
I prefered the grilled one, so I placed an orederd for it.
I felt it was like teriyaki chiken, a japanese dish.
I ate an entire half of a chiken with my husband.
I tried chiken rice again at the changgi air port.
I am going to live in singapore from 11th Octomber.
I want to eat chiken rice sold in different places!
I am becoming an architect and want to know more about my work, buildings, and desinging in general.
and music (I diskile pop music and prefer genres like metal, metalcore, hardcore, punkrock, etc.). Sooooo..
27th Febrary is my father's birthday.
I bought his favorit ramen and wine.
This is because it makes my shose and skirt damp.
it doesnt have any poitns. you shouldnt read this lol
hi guys, sorry I havent written any entires. I have been forgetting about this lol
I didnn't expect that I could have such a lovely time there.
its alredy been 3 weeks since I came back here.
I deffo will keep studying english.
If you are goign to get scared, I suggest you stop reading.
I think if you see sonthing scary, you will keep your eyes open to protect yourself.
But it's the first time I'm going there and kyouto is one of the famce (?)
It's bacause I heard from my friend that I would get many calls and messages from unknown people.
But I recently have become confidnt about my English step by step.
I think that it's about time that I start skype and talk English possitively.
The Shinshouji shrine has a gardian angel for the Kabuki artists and the Sumou athletes. You can find
Kabuki artists and sumou restler on February third.
People who got chocolates, cookies or various gifts on Valentine's sday give presents to the people that they received them from.
Firstly, I think there are three ways to understand the meaning of words of second languages-replacement, internal difinition, and external difinition.
Internal difinition means learning words by dictionary difinition.
External difinition means learning words by guessing its meaning when they are used in particular situations.
Our experience has taught us that it is difficult to learn words with only their dictionary difinition.
By learning second languages, you can enjoy tranveling abroad.
First, the only way for Japanese people to understand English is to learn by external difinition because of (due to) large cultural differences.
So we have to learn English by external difinition.
By doing so, we can understand the exact meaning that we can't if we interprete English into Japanese.
We have to stop the traditional way of learning English: interrpretation.
this is my first day using lang 8 and I made a blunder, because I choose german as the langauge that Im laerning but the fact is Im learning english!!
I cae to singapore 7 years ago Im here to learn a new language also I wanted to start a new life in a totally different place but of course singaproe was just a temporary place for me, the place I really wanted to go to is england, the reason for me to go there may be ridiculous but I think it is tolerable, the reason is I wanted to have a british accent, its cool furthermore it sounds professional isnt it?
While depressed, I glaced at the date which is April first.
I believe that memory is nerver lost, even when it seems to be, because it has more to do with the heart than the mind.
So, we can walk around Shinjuku, Harahuku, Shibuya, Ayoyama and everywhere in Tokyo easily.
Maybe they have seen my old pictuer on laong-8.
I'll have a nap now and memerize some words this afternoon ~
This Sunday I will vesit a host mather for just a look.
For me it's fashinating looking into people's eyes and reading through them to know their real feelings, their eyes can tell me something hidden, what the mouth won't say: fear, sadness, happiness, envy, shyness, embarrassment, anger, surprise, pleasure, lies, pain, complicity, reproach...
If we look at the most famous paintings, for example Monna Lisa, the intensity of the look will capture you and will invoke an emotion.
I hardly understood what everyone was tallking about.
On the way home I stopped by the book store to buy a textbook to make my listning skills better.
The big problem is the ice wind that belw right through me.
Besides, I really like to listen to the sound of nater like birds singing, water flowing and rain falling, and the best place for it is Unmun Temple.
Please giv me advice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:D
But untill now, I haven't been able to figure it out.
I got the first comments for my jurnals.
Thank you for cheak it.
Today, I went to my other campas.
It's much farrer than my main campas.
Yakuza is a Japanese gangstar.
when you take only the first syllablus from each number, they are called, 8 (ya), 9 (ku), 3 (za).
My hometown, Kobe has a big house of a gangstar known as ``yamaguchi group``.
However, I cannot help but be impressed by the beauty of the tatto on their backs.
Tomo: ``(Pointing at a sweet shop with Chirstmas decorations at the door) Daddy, can we go into that shop?``
I'm going to resatrt to write.
If you do not know what a Chikuwa is, read my previus post.
Because of Harry Potter series, I began reading English novel: such as Hernry James's short novels and Jane Austen's six novels.
Besides children novels, I also think gothic novel are intersesting.
And this semester I need to write a reseach paper about Dark Romanticism
Because Japanese book has many pictures about maids and Vctorian times.
France has ballet, Hawaii has the fula.
I'm very busy thses days.
When I go to bed many kinds of ploblems are coming and going in my brain.
Someone tought me that if you have a ploblem you shouldn't think about it at night, because it makes your brain more excited.
Generally, most of them were built during the feudial period.
Each of them has distictive feachers.
Priviously, visters used to be middle-aged or older men.
Besides castles, Generals and Lords in the feudial Period are also popular.
But when growing up, you'll find everything is differet than what we thought before.
We have to learn to bear what we don't like, and we have to work to feed ourselives.
We have re-instructed the packers to make sure to use proer packing material and we have made sure that panels will not shift in the carton to avoid any damages to the board.
Yesterday, the tempetature went down, and many people feel that autumn has come.
aaand I am not prepared to give a presentation!
I'd like to read this book a lot of times and to develop my skils.
And I do not have a kimono for sach a formal place in April.
I have questions now, so I want to answer these questions, but these questions are a littele difficult and abstract.
What is the difference between a scientific aregument and a speculative argument?
Suppose tjat you are developing a medicine.
Is such an experiment likely to give you new inshight??
This way of living can be difined as '' passing through, ``which means that one finds the meaning of an act, not in the present, but in the future.
For one person, `` praying ``itself is an act and a plesure.
I love kimonos very muchk, but I don't wear them very often.
Now it is raining and sometimes snowing in the cetral area of Tokyo.
From my personal viewpoint, I do not like cold weather, so I really enjyoy the warmth of this winter.
That's just what one would expect of a Havard grad.
A: I'm afraid it's too much to ask, and I hope it isn't too much troble of you, but....
I'm not a fashionable person, but I'm interetsed in fashion:)
We got to the trush bin and found my empty plate, empty juice bottle and empty sweets box...
Some hugry people should have been eating them.
It was my falt, but he didn't need to be so angry.
I hope he will be assigned in another department next quater.
He was very surprized and looked at me sullenly.
Becayse I was content, I went to sleep,
Because this Plase is closer to the seismic center than Fukushima-nuclear power plant
AND Onegawa-nuclear power plant was hit storonger than the Fukushima-ones from the Earthquake, Tsunami and seismic intensity......
I would like to emprove my English skills and learn about each other's cultures.
My first english dialy.
These day, I have been secoleded for not resting sometimes!
in the following sentense:
my classmate is warnning me that if I still haven't sent any part to my supervisor
the worset thing is my friend just came to vist me from Nottingham...
According to their comment on NicoNico Douga, they put sticky notes on a piece of drawing paper to make Mario, Goombas, and Koopa troopas.
Probably that partnert could be an lang-8 user, that would be nice too, so I am starting this search.
Then I spend every weekdens to study Japanese by reading aloudly, for I have to study hard for my major as a junior whoes dream is to pursue further studies.
Almostly all of my classmates have begun to prepar for NETEM, and that's a little scary I think.
You have touched me so much that I don't konw what to say.
It looks like three-dementional art.
geograhy class 0904: What is the diffrence in taste between IR-8 and Japanica Rice?
I hope that they will eventually remenber each name and location.
What is the difference between IR-8 and Japanica rice when eaten?
Thery are really clever.
He had heart on forhead, which is lovely for the valantine's Day.
I would like to have ridden him even the frist time I was scared of him
At first, I couldn't adapt to those teenagers who were noiseful in my calss or doing unrelated work.
The parts that I ordered last week arriverd today!!
It looks goood!!
I look like a hamster whith big cheeks!
I am very gald the other person roccrect my errors.
I gave lot of care to the schedule, ingredients, data of costomer and so on in this one month.
It is famous for its hot-sping and beautiful sea.
June is a rainy seazon in Japan.
When the rainy seazon has finished, the summer seazon comes after.
Some people do it like kissing or something befor they even get a boyfriend or girlfriend
It is just like you liking someboody.
What is the difference bewteen befor and after something?
Sending emails and making calls use a lot of Electoronic.
Also used telephones are always abadoned in remote areas.
It is not good for the enviornment.
Neverthless this movie was a comedy, at the end the women made it up and it drow tears from me.
and I wondered why the blanck of ``school and address`` is very small.
I am twenty three years old; it seems that I'm not yong, but I am still in school. I hople in the furture I can have a beautiful life, and I konw it's not easy.
As a man, you must give your family a comfortable life. you shoula make your father and mother know you are strong enough to support a family.
But I'm still a student now; I can do nothing escept learn and learn every day. I hope I can do songthing for my family, but I don't know what.
I am lstening to Eminem's music right now!
Jeju is a beatiful island.
One of the women and the three womeni are my friends in my university.
We schelud to meet at a pub in front of my university.
(not necessary) We introduced each other and then we drank soju. (Korean alchoal)
We had a very fun and intersting time.
Recently Ive started
listening to English audio books to improve my listenig skills.
Now I'm listining to a book titled <Witch& Wizard> and I...
I think the author of the book must have either seen too much japanise anmation or is a huge fan of the Harry Potter series.
Anyway I'll finish it somhow some day.
It is traditional ivent to visit the grave of the deceased.
How about your countory, what occasion's do you display/ celebrate
Okay, anyway what I am trying to say is that cheese cake is not just a cake to me, it is a goumet to me.
A spong cake should be the most basic step of any cakes.
My daughte wanted new outfits as her Christmas gift and I wanted a new laptop
However she graw up and she already knows who Santa is.
Watashi wa Surubenia-jin desu.
So, in future (when I start my world travel..), I will go to many contries and meet my friends...
I welcome many friends from other contries...
I alredy died so many times...
But it will be very defficult to make.
This is just the biginning of making my app.
The next morning I felt exhastued.
Now that I'm healther, it's time to resume learning English!!
I read some daiaries written by Lang-8 users learning Japanese.
Restart Toiret Training
Mothers shouldn't be too nurvous about this kind of discipline.
One day, she played with her friend climbing the jungle gym, but her friend always climed higher than her, and so she started to cry out of frustration.
However, she has been suffering from hemorrhoids since last month, and we finally succeeded to have her wear diapers to heling her buttocks.
Van to iidesu.
watashi ha nohongo wo renshyushitai desu!
Though my job position is a common clerk (I belong to the sales department), I have a lot of responsibilites to my customers.
After the Tohoku Earthquake, Electoric companys are saying that people should refrain from using electorisity. We believe this means that gas users will come back, but still many people are choosing all-electronic residences.
This is the first time I've joined this webside. I heard about it yesterday and I want to improve my Enghlish, so I joined it.
I hope everybody will help me improve my Enghlish skill.
The breatiful trees on the right side of the street where I'm walking are blooming.
Riding a bicyle up the hill on summer days is very hard. (in summer)
I wish to get to know some friends here to study toghter.
Merry Christhmas
Merry Christhmas and A Happy New Year.
or when I see a car of the same type and coloer which he drove.
He was my dreamer, he showd me a lot of things.
We are plannning to play games with kids.
I'm trying all that I can to learn English and japonese too...
Today I was, in a ``how to learn japonese`` blog, and I found a theme about
my japonese...
also, I grilled chicken breast and spwrinkled some pepper and salt on it.
My summer vacation in 2005 was exciting because I went to Dagupan City in Philippines where my cousin's familiy lives.
But I especilly remebered visiting the Hundred Islands.
I had a nice and peaceful time with my cousin's familiy on a island which was chosen by me.
Obama's presidencial inaugural address
To be honest, I had never heard the presidencial oath in detail in the past.
The Ecconomy is badly weakened... ``
-He helds respect in the forefront...
``For us, they forght and died in places like...``
I wanna study english because I will go abroud this
Andy Worhol's work made my view be widened.
I will eat soumen, which is like a nudle.
The favorate book center where I want to go shopping is located in Guangzhou.
But when you come to their country, begin living their life, and speaking their language, you undastand that they are not that different from you.
I usually use QQ (smilar to Skype) on the internet with my girlfriend, who is Chinese, at 8 PM.
Why would you meke coffee before going to bed?
I should have more interesting things to do rather than sleeping almost all mornig.
I wanted to upload these dishes 'pictures but my cellphone's battely had gone off.
At the party, we talkd about many kinds of topics.
For example, ecomic, other colleagues, men and women and music.
I am studing two languages every day.
Hopefully, tomorrow I will have enought time to sleep
Two German women came to this farm yeaterday. Today was the first day to work with them.
there are 5 friends I'm familier with.
Actually I've heard that such an action, when lots of electical devices are turned off and on at the same time, can damage the power supply network.
I will introduct myself.
It is clowd today.
She is aways kind to me.
She is lovly to me.
She aways teaches me.
I have a class in one hour, so I'm listening to music and writting this.
But if I want to raise my score much, I had better study Listenig.
Because Lisning should raise my socore more than Reading.
I viseted my pearents and drank with my pearents.
I'd like to see her and her pearents soon!
Of course I like Japanmation too.
She is so cuet and looks like an angel.
I practice on Manday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
That's equall to 9 hours.
Thank you for the reccomending, Beth, NurikoSpecial and Kchasm ^ ^
(I saw KCasm's correctin, and afterwards I went to buy the DVD...)
Can you see tha paper disk?
It says ``You can place the disk caontaing episode 1 here, after buying it.`` Why the hell do I have to buy it????
for my bithday I spent very good time in shanghai.
I was very happied. I really like my familly.
Maybe I can borrow some more accesories from my other friends, we will see...
I'm sorry I can't explane my feelings well about it.
My mom bought me oysters as a suvenior from Sendai, Miyagi.
This is my first dialy.
because my acutally name is, duck jun kim.
I'm very glad to know it, but before I do I must pass my exams, because I want to continue my edication in the institute.
They are very difficalt subjects, but I hope I pass them very well!
Thus, I'd like to correct my English by writning in my journal every day.
I have no Japanese friends in Hong Kong so I am looking for Japnese friends.
I have never met peple who can speak Japanese in Hong Kong except my company staff.
Even though you have many manythings, you see something of your friend's that you don't have, and you really want it.
Although this is true, I believe we have to be satified.
He was nice guy, cute and very jentol.
Though I have no chanse to speak English in my workplace now,
Because my friends or relative always rememdere that today is my birthday.
I'm looking forword to this meeting with my friend.
I knew that IKEA in Japanese pronunciation is deffellent from English.
I had to ask somestaff members about my luggage, but no one could speak Japanese at Honkong air port and no one helped such a miserable Japanese man.
I made a mistake, and almost went to cutom counter because some members of staff told me I should go there to receive my lugagge.
Some members of staff stopped me at the entrance of depature lobby, because they found asmall scissors in my bag.
I confirmed my flighf schedule at the big electronic board.
And after that, I felt he became somewhat better thatn he had been.
It's very nessary!
JUST WAITING, WAITING FOR SUCCESS, I DONN 'T BELIEVE GOD, BUT I STILL HOPE GOD can GIVE ME A CHANCE TO TAKE CARE OF MYSELF AND YOU!!
I learned English for some years in school, but I was never succesfull.
So, I am trying to improve my English with this blog (journal) and I hope some people will correct my posts und help me to be better in this language.
fortunately my friend drove to the theather.
so I appriciate her
thanks to my frined!
terrible, I wrote a lot, but I lost them, how could this happend?
he is an inspector of agriculture and has a big tatoo on his back.
You can comunicate with anyone in foreign countries, since English is the most important language.
Nowadays, even a strong counry can't easily make colonies in the world.
Hi all. I am new to lang-8. I need somme help.
quetion about ``most``
Cameron Diaz jost now on TV.
Tom was so homesome and Ms.
I am an engineer of a construction company and I am constructing a phermaceutical factory in Shizuoka.
So I enrolled a correspondence university to get a teacher lisence.
At a hair salon in Harajyuku
I was off offday.
I always have some bread, coffe, and salad for breakfast.
Especially, extra virgin oile is very good for health.
However, I have to admit that I should put much more effort in studying Enligh.
But I'm still murmering when I speak English with a native speaker.
Japan is in deep ressetion.
I heard from xx that you helped deal with office matters for me during my sick leave. I relly want to thank you.
For exsample, kindness, sincerity, strongness and so on.
As for me, I think frendsihip is important.
It's my first time to regestry here
They were amazing and their monuments bear witnnes to how great they were.
The ancient Egyptians managed to build their country and leave their feetprints in the land so that we can remember them.
Osama Bin Laden was killed in a mansion outside Isalambad and his body was recovered by US autohrity.
I am going to begin writing a diary in English tommorow.
Although real cars is consist of hard iron, this movie portrays many personificate cars as soft and cute.
I told her of my recent problems, and she adviced me to do everything slowly, and at my own pace.
Japanese people have a many oppotunity to hear American English from movies, dramas and music, but in my case I hardly ever hear British English in my everyday life.
MF consists of/ consits out of three families having distinct characters.
But she has difficulties studying, which worries her momther a lot.
My freiend works making Bizenyaki, so I will get a chance to visit the Bizenyaki work place.
So some of them are very skillfull in their use of English and they are even better than I am.
So I adviced her.
Today, I listend to Taylor Swift's songs.
a sandwish.
The following are the comparation between them.
When I wacth the financial news lately, almost every time, many traders on the stock exchange bury their heads in their hands looking distressed.
Soy saurce factory
and the end on the tour, you can get a bottle of soy sause: DD
So I booked a nice restrant to hold a end of the year party for my office friends.
If someone has to check due to an emergency, they should ask permission befor checking it.
airplane because tha body color is blue and I like blue very much!
At my university, there is a place I offten go these days.
It is more relaxable there than in the library.
espect my speaking and (my) listening.
I don't know what I have to do: learn each pronunciation of a kanji, or learn pronouciation of words using this kanji.
I went to the baseball park with my friend on Sayurday.
Some friends have already started finding employeement. This makes me nervous.
I studied there for two years, and guraduated in 2007.
When I moved from my parents house, where I had my own room, to the dormitory I had to ommit some things I wanted to get because we didn't have enough space in the room.
Why did I grou up like this?
I enjoy optimistic people, who want to do new things and who laught a lot.
Her friend said that if you soaked this mando in a yogurt, it would become a fresh mango!
She is very positive person, which makse me a positive person.
Can you help me translate this into the right gramma?
The plane has been carring more than sixteen-thousand passengers without any serious accidents for the last ten years.
Today's weater is very fine ~
Well, I'm goind to go to New Zealand during the summer vacation.
In British custom, putting red poppies on their chests is to pay respect to all war deads on th 11th of Nov, an armistice day.
By the way Catcher ~'s influene is a little strong.
This periods American authers are very good.
Fitzgerald, Capotie, Richard Brautigan, Charles Bugowski..
My favorite short story is Fitzgerald's 'Babilon Revisited'.
It's a loely and a little sad story.
This story's charactor's conversation is very cool.
Hi everyone, I just registered this afternooon, and wish someone who could improve my pooooooor English. I also help my friends with Chinese..
I agreewith her opinon.
I have an iPod touch which I won as a prze 2 years ago.
except for the phone and mbile internet features.
I didn't get used to serch a web manual,
This opened thegateway to knowlage, information and passtime.
I was able to show friends odawara castle.
But the risk is it prevents me from stading and reading.
But before sleaping I can enjoy watching movies in bed.
iPod touch is my tough and enjoiable friend.
In the central neighborhood every ten steps that I took there was a newstand.
I've never seen so many newstand together..
Two survivers were found today in Japan!
Today, two survivers were found after 9 days.
I had an exam this moning.
I will have to take the same classe next term.
The Delay Becasuse of the Typhoon
The texts which should be read are fortunetly not difficult.
If I were more acitver in the seminar, I could learn more, but if I concentrated more on the seminar, I would be tired.
Yet today is a very warm and spring-like beautifull day!
So I decide to take the exam alought I don't want to study the laws and theories.
The gangs of New York, the black underdogs, the Indians in reservates that lose their spirit.
I watn to enjoy keeping a diary.
fable about cofe (translated from Russian)
In the first, he threw a carrot, in next pan he put an egg and the last pan was filled with granules of cofe.
After some time he took out the carrot and egg and poured out the cofe.
-Carrot and egg have boiled and the cofe have disolved.
But what about the cofe?
-It's the most intresting.
The granules of cofe have absolutely changed the water.
Recentry I am very sleepy.
Hello! My mame is Sumi!
It's my first time to write my dialy on this website.
I hope I make a lot of foreign friends and learn other languages and teach Japanse to whoever wants to learn it.
It's getting warmer nad warmer these days.
By using this device with 4 kinds of filtation, clean water emerges in the end.
In a small town, you have to own a car to ensure a confortable living.
Another aspect of the excitement of city living is the variety of cultural activities avaiable.
Still, I would rather be a bit more cautious and live in a large cith than to feel secure but bored in a small town.
Guess how many times I can write ``clouds`` in a pharagraph so short!
I got in one university finaly!!!!!
I maight live in Kyoto!!
wao ~ I'm so happy now
Please check my dialy.
We went to drink after the race and cought up with each other.
Whether you belive it or not, Tsukasa and I had already thought about an escape route just in case before we went there.
On the thatced roof
I read an internet blog article repoting a new program, titled ``Kimchi Chronicles``, which will air this year on PBS channel in the United States.
Both noodles have a very smiliar flavour, but the noodles are different.
It might be uncomfortable to a foreigner, especially if the she didnn't like the untidy atmosphere of a small restaurant.
The restaurant is very famous for Milmyeon and as I heard, the tast of the noodles are quite delicious.
It was an experimental exam, so we `ll write it for a note in the ehd of May ^
So I bought serverl lottery tickets.
To spend sereverl minutes dreaming and being excited is not so bad.
On the other hand, when the brid arrived at the wedding, she looked so relaxed and happy.
It has been one year since I met them last, so I enjyoyed talkin with them.
African music is so rhythmic and has an unique tember. So, I like it!
I didn `t reserch anything about the country yet.
I sometimes pick up those leaves that have grown enough and saute with solt and peppar.
We tookthe train to go to school and we would come home together from doing homestay.
Jis name is HYON.
You can learn about Hideyoshi and the relationship of people surrounding him with English imfomations and also can see a lot of works of art there.
Since the new SCM project started this March, Ive been quite busy...
Although the tenpertures is still low (like-5 to-10), the weather has been sunny recently in Toronto.
The other day, even though the tempertures was-5, people were drinking on patios in the afternoon!
Unfortunatly, it is prohibited in Toronto to drink outside.
It would suck to be sneezing all day when the long and cold winter has filnnaly been comming to an end.
doctors always write down manin diseases, but from my point of view, it does not always mean main disease.
We should lok into the patient's diseases if the are correct enough to justfy their treatments.
I'm hangry.
I'm hangry now, but I can't eat anything because I have to get a medical check at 2: 30 in the afternoon.
Some people caught infuluenza.
But I still caought a cold again:(
And I finally deciede to get it.
But I felt something strange with this clothi
Tonight, I recieved a notebook cover that I bought by mail order yesterday.
It is very expencive but it did not satisfy me, because it is a little bigger than I thought.
Please contrtibute in both English and Japanese.
I have tasts tomorrow at school.
I have to syudy tonight for tomorrow's tests.
but I continued studing English after work.
but English studing is very interesting!!
It's been a long time since I have written an English dirary, so it will take me some time to get used to it:) haha ~ ~ nice to meet everyone!!
Chanpion! (24/ MAR/ 2009)
I didn 't go anywhere becouse I watched the WBC on TV.
I was sisappointed.
Qestion: How to learn language?
Thnks TO them, I can listen to English while having fun.
Incidentally, because it is very difficult, I gave up reading ``HERLOCK HOLMES``.
Today, I talked and palyed tabletennis with him.
Since he rolls a turban on his head everyday, and I had caght sight of him praying several times.
Anyway, I have taken an interest in Islam culture since long time agoe.
Frankly speaking, I wanna ask him some quetsion about his religion.
learing norsk...
We were strangers, but he made a good impressiom on me.
But maybe you cadont tell from this pic..
I naver acceput some stimulation like...
montain erupt =(LMAO
Yes, I know I will soon be attending a universty and that I'm 18 years old.
When some people find this out about me, they are suprise and they think that I have a proplem.
I can learn a lot of new information from cartoons, spically cartoons about history.
I love a lot of cartoons, spically Japanese anime.
I like anime that are about proplem in socity or about history.
My favorit game
My mother told me, ``You should creat your eveyday life to bring more brilliant moments in it.``
About Shi-itake mashrooms ww
I'm recently interested in California, because my univercity recommends us to go abroad to study at Univercity of California.
That is because McDonald's in Japan campained various American Hamburgers.
It is famous as the home of the diety of studies.
In my opinion, Korean food is the most dericious food in the world.
When it comes to things that are ``slow and patient``, nothing quite matches the variety of Korean cursin.
I felt it's important to studing English recently.
You know, Japan is a small island, so we don't need to speak English. We rarely meet Westerners, supecialy in rural but urban areas such as Tokyo and so on.
I felt it's neccessary to learn English lately.
So I started this servis, ``Land-8``.
sometime I think I am really want to study archtecture or..
I like vegetables becase they are not too rich to eat.
I've been tempolarily back home this holiday.
The comsumption of energy is clealy increasing all over the world recently.
The excessive comsumption of energy has caused various enviromental problems.
This very famous song is written by the extremely talent musian Jose Feliciano.
That is the epic goal of every musicain, to reach to the heart of others.
From today, I will write consitently in my diary.
If a dog is a rabid dog, it's very dengerous.
Nise to meet you.
My favorite caractor is Donald Duck.
By the way, I haven't logged into Lan-8 in a while.
I couldn't log in because I had forgotten my ID& password. Also, I have not been able to find joyfullness to keep a diary here.
I woudn't like to add any more social networks.
Despite my feeling, my English teacher eagerly encouradged me to keep a diary and write something in Englsh yesterday.
I read a scientific magazin a few days ago.
I'm a vegetarian, (actually I'm a pescetarian, it's almost impossible to be a perfect vegtetarian in Japan!) and it's very rare here in Japan, many Japanese don't even know what a vegetarian is!
I go abroad quite often and it's not hard to find bege food in other countries, esp, in India all food is marked saying whether it is for bege or non-vege.
Maybe I should open a restautant for vegetarians??
I didn't go to work because of a toothach.
But just after luch, my toothach flared up.
I hope my toothach can heal quickly.
It is an English conposition about studying foreign languages.
Three Rossian sumo wrestlers took some drugs (marijuana, hemp, etc) and then they were caught by the police.
I want to learne Japanese. I'm ready to help your Bulgarian.
The Earthqueake wreaked havoc upon the country especially in the Tohoku region.
Nowadays, I see people smoking in the streat.
Today is ectremely cold.
If it is excludee, it's all fun.
I treid again and again.
pas de volly, pas de vie...
I know I'm crazy but I love tham and I really think they're beautiful!
I'm not sure if it's cool or not, but he appers from the top of the fire engine!
I have a great spot at the front where the fireworks are shot, many fireworkers are now setting up the fireworks.:)
I was sprised that they had gotten my phone mumber from a teacher (not sure what this last part means)
But I am still happy, I am no longer worried about how I can attract more membesers, and that adds to my confidence.
Now, I have to prepare the welcoming ceremony to let more freshman particepate in the club.
E-mail makes me feel happy, but uneasy and sad sametimes
What deos ``text contributions`` mean?
Is it something like 'This book is for Helen' or 'For my pafents', written by the writer on the reverse of the title page?
so it dameges the hair.
I want to improve my English because I like talking with people; girls in particulary. lol
I intend to pronounce the corretion of this entry and be corrected by my pronounciation by a native English speaker on skype.
I love spring because it's wormer than winter.
Yesterday I bought a used bicycle cheeply from a co-worker.
That's why I made plans to snowboart first.
I don't like to go the amusemnet park because the route to there is heavily congested all the time.
becuz 2 days ago I hung out with my best freind
I mean, for insyance, at first they only detected oil in one place.
Besides, befroe the petroleum was found in Daqing, it (the region) was a wasteland.
Grammar and listening were more inportant than speaking for taking (the) exams.
We are comportable with each other.
Moreover, I like the atmasphere of getting together with my family.
I am now an exchage student of Bergen University in Norway.
The documeent is very important for our work.
We have to improve the service continusly.
to evangelize the Pakistian people.
When I heard of her story, I desided to be a teacher
A way of thingking by Japanese is restricted by Japanese social convention without realizing.
because the girls there are beatiful.
We wrote calligraphy at frist, and after that the teacher started teaching us how to sketch.
today I met my older sisiter and her baby.
I like the British spelling, pronuniation, and expressions as follows:
sound in Brithsh English.
tell me wheter the British are more likely to pronounce it as 'I: ~'?
What happend?
For this competition, I needed gain waight so I would have some to lose. So I didn't fear gaining weight until today.:]
Secoundly, ``t`` play more sports
I decided to run 10 km (about 6. 2 miles) per day, and to ride a bicycle insted of riding on the train.
All the santa and easter bunny things dissapeard and now, it's only about eating.
I have to put some money onto my rechargeable credicard in order to buy the tickets (for me and my friend) online.
Ths building has two towers.
Tomorrow, I'm gonna leave here for Ipo by a express, KTM.
Ipo is also a city of Malaysia.
I will try to write Ehglish and want to be able to express my thoughts in English.
So I thouht there is no problem if our store is closed today.
I'm very satisfacted with that color
I hasitated dying it.
I have heard that the Maldives 'sea level has been rising as the Antarcti glacier melts.
This also affects the aminals and plants in Korea.
So, we swiched from the restaurant that we were going to go to, to the bar.
All I need is courege.
My computer is slightly old and slightly whierd.
Whierd...
I hope that my english wrting skills will improve in the future.
I would like to thank everyone who is goig to give me good advice.
[First contact with an alian civilization]
It is not certain that we will see any aliens because we should have already seen some of them if they exsisted.
It is certain that more and more people will visit adn stay in cities because a lot of people in the world seek more convenient and comfortable lives.
Of course, the number of computers increase and more people have the chanse to see and use them.
Howevery, it is difficult for computers to become popular in all nations including developing countries.
She visited my house twice a week and studied eargerly.
I already graduated from university and my mojor was occupation rehabilitation.
When I get up and look out the window, to my dismay, it is still rainning.
Rainyday has recently become commen in most areas of China.
In Japan this is colled an ``American dog``. This is not the case in the US
I am wondering about the name ``coorn dog``, why ``corn``??
I usually record musci from CDs and transfer it into my iPod and watch DVDs on my PC.
The divce is an important tool for me to learn English through music and shows.
I can watch DVDs again and it will help my listeing skills!!
Enoshima is centerd along the coast of Sagami Bay.
The region alonge the coast is called Shonan.
Shonan beach is the most populer in Japan.
Gettin back to my main subject, I recommend two Ramen Houses.
The book is full of unexpcted twists and we do not know who the terrorist or the guardian of freedom truly are.
And if you are not I would still recommend it because Digitall Fortress contains an amazing story which drags you away from our gray reality and certainly changes your opinion about thrilling books.
Indain food is like roti canai, which is made of dough tigehter with some soup.
MERRY CHIRSTMAS
Today is Chirstmas day, but I just stay at home ~ without friends! What is a torrbile day!
A foreign costomer is coming tomorrow.
Rewinded at the classic concert.
Althought it was Wednesday yesterday, the movie theater was full of the funs of Evangelion and many had to stand to watch it.
I chose Business Administration when I enter the shcool.
But I don't want to give up, I will stuy harder than before.
Do you agree or disagre with the following statement?
and co-workes is extreamly good.
recomends on television, popular TV programs and
thier children not to wath television.
watch televition all night.
really unhelthy for them.
avoid useless and noneducated information.
My life seems like such a catastrophe that I counldn't help but sob for all my past teen-life.
Is it alright for a sophemore to dream anthying about her future?
I work for an IT company, supporting on-line community developers like Lang-8's development vender. I've worked here for about three years.
Our clients require us to make bussines plans to generate profits via internet communities.
This job is difficult but it interests me because we can directly recoganize the reaction of the users through our plans.
I, however, wnat to learn more, and I know that there are azure, emerald and pale*.
My older sister also bought a alittle turtle after she saw my pet turtle.
There is a crown at a seience museum in Tokyo.
Trad Japan is one of my favorates TV programs.
It explaim many traditional topics with unique perspectives in English.
His favorate pagoda is Touji's (one).
The host asked another guestion.
The host compared Europian church towers with Japanes towers.
We have never heard stories about tall towers falling down in our earthquakely-plagued country.
I wonder if most of foriners think they can climb Japanese five storied
I had to mediate a conflict of opinions, because the employeebe was in trouble with the store manager for a couple of weeks.
I have no plan to become a polylinguest at all, but I might have to study basic grammar and conversations in those languages.
This weekend has been vering boring.
I have also sent an email to my director of my proyect (the professor who advises about it).
Now, I'm waitting for a phone call.
But I didn't have a cast, so I biught pudding.
When I don't have something to do, I go to the connvinnence store.
But, it bacame a good memory!!
The good news is that I can get home earier, so I think I can have more time to type my journal now.
It was the first timeseeing an unviersity festival.
. It was the usuall time.
I like reading nobels and books on economy at home.
I'll go to another countly to teach Korean language maybe for 2 years but I don't know when I will go there.
If I live in another countly than Korea this summer, can you come to me still?
I have only heard of this movement until my company made us notice about it and suggested to perticipete.
If we do it for 40 consective days, that's only about a month and ten days; we could save a life.
She and I were supposed to go somewhre, but the weather is so fickle.
Just a while back it was really widny and there was snow everywhere but now it looks as if it'd never snowed.
I wanna enjoy the weeken.
kk Plz gim me advies!
This is a cery serious problem.
I spent a lot of time learning English to get agood position in the company and I am really interested in comunication with people oversea.
Luckily for me, I have had a hope for the future since I found apurpose for my job, when I was young, I just worked hard without any suspition to my job, because I thought that working in the company is our duty, even though the job is not interesting.
He told us, because he thinks we are innocance, that he was willing to keep in touch with us.
I have been studeied English for over 15 years.
I had learned, at laungage school, however I could not understand and I fogot.
I use a electric dictionary and it contains some dictionarys.
This time I thought it was good to use English-English dictionary in order to learn the differnces.
But the discriptions of silly, stupid and also foolish were slightly similar.
And I hope to syudy English very hard!
On the other hand, 12% people dislke obese people and this is less than the 16% of people in 2003.
By the way, recentry one my lang-8 friends said that he dislikes female smokers.
I will have my 20th birthday in two days! A 20 year old girl, but I think I kown a little about all aspects!
what a pitty!
think of Willy Wonka and he got nited.
But if you are a person who is able to make your brain always drive on, I guess you are able to think about more useful things althogh it is different from person to person.
I'm a medical 6th grade student at a medical school, so I'm busy prepairing for the examination for medical qualification.
I ate fried chiken and had a beer.
For the two paper assignment, I need to write about four papes.
I've used it for aproximately a week, I feel it suits checking feeds, watching iTunesU courses, reading some comics in bed before going to sleep.
I've done everything that my English teachers taught me to do: recite English words, recite passanges, learn grammar, and do listening exercises to prepare for my exams.
lt am very uneasy.
The idea that a person's character is desided from blood type is wrong, because the fact is that there aren't relations between a blood type and a character has been proved scientifically.
We have different personalities, and nobody can deside their character.
I have updated my profile but I thnk it is not perfect.
Please read the folllowing:
Today I went to a cildren gym.
He usually plays with boys of the same age ina the nursery school, but he can play with boys of different age too.
After that, we went to a restaurant (Big boy), snd we had lunch there.
After lunch I played MARIO KART on the Nintendo DS wiht my host sister.
A Typhoon is comming.
The wind and pouring rain made it difficult to control the motocycle.
My host family is Philipino
I hava a toothache!
I went back to my parents 'house in Japan for the New Year's horiday.
In Japan there is really cold weather and the financial crisist too.
So I went to ``hatumoude`` with my parents and I watched the ``Hakone Ekiden`` on TV.
I userd to have 20-20 vision, but now I need glasses.
I enjoyed a pipe prgan concert.
Organs and pianos are so diferent.
reacently asked me about the condition of my car by telehpone.
but all I can see is a rice field because my area is the contry side.
So I'm not goot at playing sports but I enjoy leisure sports.
I want someone to help me with my Enlish and Chinese.
I'm a Japanese computer enginer.
So I try to study English by some ways, such as translating computer related documents on the Internet, reading a grammer book and taking lessons in conversational English.
It's a place where people with disabilites and children stay.
It is my first English dariy today. I don't know how to write.
I do not have to go to work, I do not have any duties, except learnig English of course.
This morning he woke up earyl at 7.
I usually eat out becaouse I have lived the single life for 9 years.
It's a very famouse food in Japan, and it's very easy to cook!
However each country has a different lunguage even though the EU is one land.
Which ones of the following sentenses are possible to use?
I learned about O-mamori in Englsh and Japanese, so I will write about traditional Japanese O-mamori.
Usually, pices of paper or wood are put inside a small bag or cloth.
Later it enabled me to play my kids their favorfite songs--most of them were anime songs or nursery songs.
I enjoyed speaking with many custmers.
Do you know at least theree countries where more than two languages are spoken?
There are many new things, such as a dictionnaire, translation, and so on.
I haven't writton a diary in awhile, haha!
I konw it's really hard (don't you think so?) but I'm just trying to do my best.
The woman said, ``Would you like a cup of coffee?`` ``No, it's ok,`` I replied.
By the way, I hace luck with my acquaintances.
The powder is in infact from China, but it is cooked with an Arabian touch.
I think I didnn't do my best.
Today, my fater will take her to the hospital.
electorical vehicles
I watched a TV about electorical vehicles booming in China.
The TV said that motor bycicles using electrical power are popular in China, so they already have a foundation to make batteries.
I felt nostargie.
We tried to meet the professeur and we were successful!
He remenbered me.
My birthday was on the 22nd of Auguszt.
My brother lives together with his girlfiend and their dog, Mazsola.
I was very happy because my boyfrend didn't have to work that day and he could be with me.
If you read my former entries you may know that my boyriend is a cook and he has to work 4 days a week, but he doesn't know when.
So ater lunch, which was a bit late at 4: 30, me and my boyfriend sat in front of the TV and watched a cartoon, and my mother, my father, my brother and his girlfiend went to the gardenand to chat.
After half an hour my brother took me to the garden where I blew of candels on my birthday cake.
I wawas very suprised, but I was very happy.
When we arrived at home, I immidiately decorated his aquarium and put the fish in.
He swimms a lot and he seems happy.
but something eles means special.
And its meaning includ good things and bad things.
what do you do frist?
I found I would be late for my germany class.
He has been flighting against cancer since last Fall.
I've grown up with his films, so as a Japanese, I'm very proud of him beeing recognized around the world.
(A heavily editted and dubbed into English virsion of this film titled ``Worriors of the Wind`` was realeased in the 1980s, but it did not follow Miyazaki's original plotline.
Second, there was no heavy trafic, so I could get to destinations on time.
But I like rural areas like this town, becouse they're peaseful and there's plenty of great food.
In Kokugikan, audiences were being crezy about game.
it mearns, ``I have no lover``, and I want one.
The person sitting in front of me colmplains a lot..
in which, Gogu was being playing by american actor,
When I was 19 years old, I watched a TV dorama, 'Shiroi kage'.
It's weired!!
When I was in the military survice, I took the oppotunity to go out for only one night.
The magazine whitch e took today's articles will be on sale all over the country on April 25th.
What is the diffrence?
I have many paln.
It was Wednesday afternoon, I did the same thing as usual, did my work, drank my coffee, everything seemed normal, but a terrible thing just happend....
When I was typing on the computer and thought how I should respond to an e-mail, I noticed something strange, something was moving very slowly, when I glaneed at the flower that I bought few days ago, I was shocked...
I imitate my teacher's pronouciation but I cannot pronounce ``r``, ``th`` and ``V`` well.
And I cannot pronouce and distinguish ``very`` from ``vary``.
Everyone hoped the happiness for the newly-marriaged couple.
When I see clothes that I like, I just wait unitil they have a discount.
hallo!
However, I think, if there was enouth time for me, I could get the right answers to most questions.
You just prepare some vegitables and seasonal seafood,
Last night, my sister and I sat on the bed and tlaked about her boy friend!
``acturly, a boy loves himself more than his girl friend, inculde my boy friend`` she told me
not in my area:P I really wanna finish the training in there, ang go to Heti ASAP.
anyway, so far I really love it here, the pay is good, environment is great and the ppl there are so friendly!
I felt like I didn't need to worry anymore about mistakes when I am speaking& writting
There is a traditional custum in Japan that a blood relation will pile up small stones to mourn their child's death.
And it's a Canadaian version of piling-stones (cairn).
I don't like to be treated unfavorable or unfavorably. ``
So, he has a heavy accent which is quite differet from Taiwanese dialect.
lLife should be on the go.
Desperate hosewives
Her narattion is rich in black humor.
My work is boring in evryday life, but it is also difficult on my days off, because I am working in a park.
Actully, I love my company, and considering the current economic climate, I can't leave.
Please tell me how to pley them well...
My car was bumbed....
My husbund called out to me, ``Pass the solt!``
I didn't know the why he wanted the salt, but I brought the solt box to him.
Anyway, I felt tired and started to go back to my home., On the way I saw a apir of really beautiful, high-heeled shoesthat were marked down.
But when I was cleaning a shelf, some old photos came out and my attention shited to it.
I'm not sure about Nagano (because the TV news repots don't mention it), but I can see from this blog that there is also big damage there.
I don't understand what he ment, but it isn't bad.
Our 20 sufer friends were picking up garbage from the beach and sea.
It is like a dream come ture.
``Ciaooo il mi ramarico!``
I studed English a long, long time ago.
Now I lean (Learn?) to Japaness.
I planed to have a proffetional syougi player play an instructional game, but I arrived there later than I expected, so I couldn't.
Watched dorama.
I watched a dorama that was recorded.
This morning, it was croudy.
Anywasy, I went to Niagara Falls last Sunday.
My Japanese frieds willingly accepted my offer, and we had a very nice time!!
I wrote my firts English diary here today.
Recently in Japan, he has become a famous directers.
Watching videos on you-tube that Ellen appears in, it dawned on me that she got married to her girlfried and it is out in the public.
After knowing the fact, I felt awkird about watching her show because I couldn't help myself feeling some discriminatory against the insanity of tying the knot with same gender.
And I read an article in the newspaper that in New York, marriages between gay couples is officially legalized and it is becoming the fourth or fifth state where the gay marriges are allowed without being against the law.
My colleage said that Chinese drivers can't understand even easy English.
Sometimes, I feel so coufused.
All I hear are the sounds of typing and music. Everything esle is silent as though people didn't exist; as if I'm not alive.
Especially after getting maried, as we have dependents.
It gives us a resonsibility to support them.
When they started thier business, they made many mistakes
Fainally, they succeeded with their business.
It became thier culture of the company.
my websit
Chinnese names is different from western names.
I live in Shanghai, I have studied English for many years, but I still can't speak or write English fruently.
I happaned to meet a mussle man at a shopping center.
He was speaking with someone by use a cellular phone and then he suddenly got angry in a lould voice I was a little scared and I thought he was so rude. However, I was wrong again.
I also play the trumpet in a Jazz Band and actually I wanna be a professional trumepter in my future.
The new job is totally diferent than my old one.
I had my hair cut doday.
Some says that radioactive revel around Kanto area is highter than usual on Twitter.
Another funny occure
He turned around, ran out of the court hall, which was on thesecond floor, and ran alog the hallway to the stairs.
There areso many occasions like thisall aroud the world...
It was an irresistable impulse.
Although the summer was extremly hot, it was a short period during which I could've seized the opportunity to get intimate with her.
I have since returned to campus and the signs of summer are graduately fading away
I checked the Japanse-English dictionary from the column of Kana syllabary.
How can I possibly theach them?
In the end, I accepted thier request.
Happy Haloween!
I was sent birthday emails by my fliends.
Other specialost say that you should eat a light breakfast.
What was interesting was that someone who wore an armband which had characters ``STAFF`` warned a man who smokes in the yard neaby my lab not to smoke there.
I know there are so many differences between the eastern and western culture, so some peaple may think (that) I shouldn't be so worried.
I have problems with the past Continius, past perfect and present perfect.
``You know why you are having problems with english gramar?`` I asked, ``Why?``
She said, ``The reason is that you are thinking in spanis, that is why.`` You know what?
I thik evereting is going to be just fine!
I have been making progress now I feel more confortable talking with people whose native lenguage is English.
Ive hurt my wrist
She said she was 49years old. When I heard her age, I was very surpised because I thought she was around 70 years old.
by the British goverment.
UK economy shrank by 0. 5% whichi is a suprising result for all because it had been predicted to be between 0. 2% to 0. 6%.
This dissapointing figure is partly because of the extremely cold weather in December, but it is said that public spending cuts have also affected the UK
Although it is important to tackle the huge debts of the goverment, I think it is also necessary to reconsider the amount of spending cuts and make sure the economy will continue to grow in the future.
fitst, I think I should introduce myself.
I showed reluctance to go on to a Japanese Univercity
So I want to go to an American Univercity.
After graduating from an American Univercity, I want to work for a foreign-offitiated company.
Happy new yaer!
I went to my groundmother's house.
Otoshidama is plesent money.
We just played one game because we were so hungary that we couldn't wait for dinner.
In this job I will be a superviser of sales, although it's new area to me, I can't wait to try it out.
So I have to take her to the hodpital in the next city.
she is one of the Japanese populer singers and I love her very much!
I had to practice danscing every GW so far, for I belonged to the dancing club.
I could say that Ayumi Hamasaki is the most pofessional and artiartistic singer in Japan!
It is the frist time I am writing in my diary, too.
I dreamed/ dreamt of hugging her, telling her I'd missed her so much, and she just smiled at me without saying anyting.
The dream is so warmly unforgetable because I could see my beloved family member and tell her how I had been missing her.
When I was born and growing up, my grandmother cared for and encouraning me all the time, and now I think dreaming of her will surely bring me good luck.
I was embarrsed.
My teacher saw that I was making an effort to solve the qestions.
His advice is right (*), but I thought that I was expanding my English knowledge through research, reports and presentetions.
The gap between my recognition and the (this?) objuctive assessment, caused me great shock and disappointment.
Learning academic words is also an important issure, so now I'm looking for a nice word book.
Some TOEIC word books might be good, but academic vocaburary is a little different from what TOEIC handles...?
I am majoring in Jpanense in Taiwan University.
In the sencond year, we had all Japanese class up until now.
I think English is an importent and an international language.
I think we can teach each other our mather tounge.
(why I am writing a English dairly but with all the Japanese in my head?
In feburary, my friends and I will go to Singapole for sightseeing.
Maybe Lang-8 will be a situable place for me to learn English.
That movies main charactor name is 'BEN' (starring Will Smith)
Plese tell me about some recomanded movies or books
Do you have some recomanded movies or books?
One of them is Gneral Relativity, Special Relativity and Photoelectric effect.
In theory, we can go to the futuer by the use of Relativity.
But, There are problems going to the futuer.
The problem is that if you run at ligth speed, Friction of the air sets you on fire.
You can go to the futuer when you slove these problems.
So light spread as watering and ligth is composed of particles which we don't watch.
Ligth has quantum nature, Solves many physical phenomenon.
Material which has qyantum nature is only light.
Ligth is very unique matter.
I'm a house wife but my family let me alone and prepaired food for me during those two days.
What I realized as soon as I looked at the school gate from across the crossraods was that the construction next to the gate had finished.
I tried to watch supernatural online, only to find that the site had been rennovated and I couldn't wacth the latest episode....
In additon, I write a diary in English for the first time.
I will have a conversational English classe at night.
When I was touring around Pris, I could see a lot of beautiful places, including classic and old buildings.
I didn't have any Indian friends in Taiwain, befroe.
But the type of rice is different from that in Taiwain.
Every etnic community has their own character. (its own character)
Beautiful sunshine and confortable breeze
What is the differet between ``other`` and ``another``?
What is happyness in your life?
For you, what is the happyness in your life?
Beacuse if I thought otherwise, I would become unsatisfied.
Everyone was excitted and we got NO. 1 among 12 classes.
I was born in Tokyo and have been living here up until now except for the one year that I attended a universtiy in London.
I wnat to make forgien friends.
I must study English hard because English is an important tool to cummunicate with foreign custmers.
Dear techers, please kindly correct my sentences if there is bad grammer, wording, and so on...
I coud not write my entry yesterday because there was thunder and lightning last evenig.
For example, a guide, a translater, an interpreter, and a teacher.
In that Avenue, there is held ``Pagent of lights in Sendai`` every Decenmber.
My friend and I seached somewhere where it is quite to study the Chinese and Thai language, we have not found a good palce so, yesterday we studied at a Macdonal shop but there was a lot music and a lot of students do thier homwork.
and I asked her about her about in Chinese they have a kungfu she laught and said that she has a diffirent type than in the movies because they can't sping in the free (air?) or a roof like that.
I really niec when we talk, good thing we understand each other some times I think she is Thai because she tried to speak Thai with me alot.
``And let's start to speak up when people are assailing us with the noise that I played you aerly on.``
Her kindergarten class was on a one day vacation because sprots meeting was held on Saturday instead.
How difficule is the TOEFL?
I hope that I can apply for Master this year, but I am afraid that I won't be able to apply in time most schools 'deadlime are in March.
Why is English so difficule to study!
During the test I could understand the lecture, if it was about an familar field.
Come on, you are 15 and grown, why do such childly things?
I'm a graduate student studying Architeture and urban design.
I want to go abroad to study Architeture, urban design and landscaping in the future, so I need to styudy English.
althouh it was not matter itself, I was interested in urban design and landscaping, then I decided to study it.
After I went to the grad school, my desire became storonger.
In grad school, I'm studying the development contorol system of England.
The Japnese palnning system refers to the Europen one.
After garaduating from grad school, I wanna go abroad to study.
Althouh I think that, it's important to work in society firstly before going abroad.
I want to go to the Univercity of Pennsylvania in America to study how to design.
I don't like to wait for anybady.
The Marilyn Monro picture is world famous.
Yesterday I looked into an apple sotre with a friend of mine.
All the merchandise displayed in the store had sophisticated desine.
I wannna study abroad someday, maybe in America or Btitani.
Recently, because of the presure comingfrom all over the world, they are asking Chinese government to rise the exchange rate between RMB and US Dollar.
At my current job I work long hours, I can't take consective days off, I get home late at night, and the pay is small....
Moreover, becsause I'm tierd out, I don't feel like doing anything at all on holidays.
I am (almost?) 30, and I am thinking of the future seriousely.
So sorry for the compliants!
It's confortable.
I need a slitght professional pointo of view.
Therefore, they overcome the weekness by the influence of alcohol.
I wrote Taylor's interview's dictation for about one minuts, but there is no way to know if they are correct.
So, it's a really cool balance of them being completly supportive but never pussing me too hard in one direction.
We don't see my brother and my dad as much, becouse they stay back home in Tennessee.
It's really good gause for my actions.
Back to the JDORAMA's valuing jobs: whatever they may be was really pointed out in them. Their Japanese society's portraits showed that whoever you are you can do the jobs. Like in Gokusen: she's (who?) a teacher who also works on a construction. In Yama Onna and Kabe Onna there's a lady who can buy expesive bags that are sold, but yet she works as a saleslady on department store.
We took Line 3 again and we went to the samll but still interesting restaurant again. We strolled around the campus again.
Finally I bought ipod touch.
Since I came to this college, I no longer complain unreasonably when I have to do something I don't want to do but am forced to. I am supposed to be responsble for my own actions,
speech, and emotion. When I get hurt now, my parents are not about to support and encourage me. I must shoulder the bunden all alone.
studying, and working condition I must establish new personal relationships among my classmates and think from an adult's perspective. However, I haven't totally converted myself from my previous state to this new one. I tend to escape and avoid this reality often. I frequently ignor that I should take a solmn atitude instead of unappropriate expression in formal situations. consquently,
We gain machurity, delibration and confidence as a boy becomes a man. But I can't feel these in my mind. Maybe I haven't grown up at all.
By the way, In Japan, thanks to the mass media's viased broadcasts, people who love manga or anime are called ``otaku``.
My favorite song in his album 'Human Nature' is, ``bille Jean``.
Her job is a policewoman. She is a policeperson.
Althogh it is only the 1st day we talked a lot
Of course, the taste was so dericious.
He is a very enargetic and naughty boy.
It is his favotite.
She is in kindergarden.
During this term, I want to comunicate with them a lot and be close to them.
Do you know an inexpensive but good reaustrant in Hawaii near Honolulu town?
Seeing dolphins, eating humbergers, reading books on the beach and diving into the sea might make me free!!
What else should we do there that you guys recomend?
After the class, I retouched a famouse musician's picture, and some other tasks.
So, we're choreographering our dances.
It is difficult to choreographering dances for me,
Now I'm still at work, but I can't consentrate on my job:)
The little turtle replied, ``I will, if you don't drink my offee.``
particulary young people love it.
Slowy, but surely.
I am a univercity student and I'm majoring in economics.
Affluence does not always gurantee a happy life, because people wich a large affluence don't think often on the problems which they may have, when thay live as they like.
Because of their high standart of life, they buy what they want for a better life and eat what they want to eat.
espacially in the U.
I'm addiceted
From my expirience, I know that if I begin breaking the rules like this, I can easily give up the/ my plan.
We could become addictated.
It's a simply quiet and peaceful place. You can see childend playing with puppies, and people are sitting around enjoying their breakfast while talking with each other.
However, you can only have a simple breakfast when you are in a rush worried about trafic jams in the morning on workdays.
I always write a strange diary, and it is diffirent than my thoughts
Sometimes I went to clubs or parties with them. Day by day we became freinds.
I got a feeling that tonight is gon to be a good night!
tonight is gon to be a good night!
I'm sooo excited right now.
I don't know why, I am lazy, I have no plan, I only want to chat with foreigners to improve my English. acturally it's not good, I know, I am young, I should do something for society, I will change myself.
English become official Language in Jpapanese company in the future???
Rakuten's president said that speaking in English is inevitable to expand its business outside of Japan since Jpanese market is shrinking due to the reduction of population.
But it's a little bit contravasal because it's very rare for a Japanese company to use English as its official language.
Even successful Japanese companies in different contrieds like Toyota, Nintendo, etc have not set English as a official language yet.
I think people who alredy study English like us in Lang-8 don't think it's a huge burden.
Anyway It must be very difficult to achieve goals becasues English is rather difficult and doing a meeting or making a report in English takes a lot of time
I wonder how they prepare for its gols.
If Engilsh is understandable, you can get more chances in some way.
But I refused answer becouse I didn't put any make up on my face.
I missed a good oponutity to talk with him.
But when I told that I am 38 man, almost people disconnected mmediately.
Almost every time, I lied that I am a 15-19 gril from cali.
Peoplr would come up with the stupid idea of comparing them.
Hahahaha I want to run so badly in the next 21 kilometer maraton in Tijuana with my official Japan shirt and that my brother wants to wait until the end of the world cup to see the list of rankings.
Although Japanese people are becoming aware of the enviromental issues,
yes its gonna b last day of skool tomorrow in this term n after tomorrow, I have couple of week days off:) well I got punishement by a teacher today...
hopefully tommorow, my last skool day is gonna be aweosme not like today lol bye
I was so luky that the bus was not crowded this morning.
To my surprise there were not that many mistakes in my diay, which re-ignited my enthusiasm for writing.
Japanes university entrance exams are very hard, so I have to study as much as possible.
I have enclosed all required documents except the affidavid of financial support from my company.
Some people agree with that opnion but others disagree.
However, there isn't any chemical seasonig in the foods made at home because individuals can't buy the chemical seasoning. We can also see the process of making the food, thus if we eat foos in our home, we can prevent serious diseases and become healthy.
Although she looks wierd all the time, I still like this character.
I want to travel to Kanada.
During summer vacation, we want to travel to Kanada because we have never been to Kanada.
I often hear that there are beautiful nature spots to visit, like Niagara Falls, in Kanada.
This Diary is English-Laerning-Record and Life-Record.
Thare are many books.
I will read books I borrowed in my school's library, surf the internet like lang-8, go somewhere with beautiful scenery, ect.
There are many sorce of knowledge.
Today young people not only use books to gain knowledge, they also are serch for it in journalism, on television, on the radio, and through meeting with other young people.
The refrigerator has a function that makes ice cubes automaticaly.
So I decided, ``I wiil get an iPad at the Apple retail store on FIFTH AVENUE next month!``.
It is important to garanteee opportunities to recieve fundamental education to everyone.
Many people think that politicians and high society want to keep education expensible to maintain hierarchy.
For example, Waseda University, one of the best private universities in Japan, has its correscponding high shcool, junior high school, elementary school and even kindergarden.
If your familyos is rich enough to send you to Waseda kindergarden, you will not have to worry about future academic competiton.
Simply, most Japanese poeple do not consider education important.
Most companies do not consider academic backgrounds of prospective employees from humanities departmetns.
I didn't know that, so it suprised me.
He also showed me the neighborhood, like where was the neast ATM machine and where you could got a bus ticket.
During our short trip, I saw a great view when we passed the Saskatchewan revier.
There was a clear blue sky behind the brige and I saw a beatiful revier and green area.
Basically, it took 35 minutes though, I made some minner mistakes and took 50 minutes.
The faucet was very rudimental but it was quite difficule for me to control the temparture.
Although I was quivered a little bit (?), my palm was hot and thoums were working.
I am afraid that I will become busy, after the class and internship-program bigins.
When they they told me they planned to go to Europe, they asked me about my experience, and especially about how I made specific plans all by myself--from the list of cities I'd hoped to visit to ticketing, transportation, and accomodations. It reminded me of memories of/ from my own trip.
I won 8000 yen after 30 minutes, so I will buy Doragon Quest 9.
Today, I attended an editorial meeting for the acamic journal concerning gerontology.
Because it is my Strenth.
After graduating, I worked as a mililtary officer.
At the same time, I'm the sceond leader of my company.
It's to be an Internet margeting professional.
As of now, I'm looking for jobs in a private domitary.
First, if you live in domitary you can save a lot of money on food.
The public library is so close to my domitary I don't need to take a bus to it.
The third and maybe even the biggiest reson for living in a domitary is so I can live freely without my mother's repeated talk.
Dreaming about my future, I'm studying in this small space in the domitary.
Aditionally, starting this week the tempurature has been very low, so it makes it more hard (or harder) for me to get up early.
First of all, I achieved the gool to pass the examination for CPA.
These days, I have read The Japan Times and The Nikkei Newspaper via internet andwrote some diarlies like this in English.
Although I had time to touch up on English and studied English autonomuslly when I
I really, really want to make a friend who can teah me...
I'm fifthteen and I'm staying in malaysia study art.
Yestoday it was repaired by one of my best friends and it is nomal now.
Ganerally, I spend all my spare time with my computer every night, but when my computer was broken, I had to watch
I like one channel named HBO becaues
Yesterday, I came back from a six day trip with my freinds in Paris.
Yesterday was very good taiming to come back Japan, because now a big and
powerful Tyhoon has been travelling towards Japan, and many flights are being cancelled.
Im from Russland, and I live in Moscow.
I like to chat und speak with people from different countries.
I dream about Japan und Ireland-I want to go there very much! And I like Germany very much too and I would like to go there too.
I didn't have a favor, but had a cough sometimes.
I love anymal!
I love anymal.
Dogs are alwyas very affectionate and kind to people.
I want to work in the World Animal Protection sosiety. So I have to study English very hard.
Eating dgs shoud be banned.
Ok first off you guys SHOUUULLLDD already know that I'm a respiratory therapist. Today I was assigned to the emergency room, wich was FULL. Well I never expected a lazy day there but it was busy as hell!
Headache occured by bad smell.
I (and almost all passengers in the train) was suprised and confused at the strong and weird smell.
We guess that one or two of the menbers bring rain with them.
My friend introduced me to the job, so I learned the what to do from my freind yesterday.
I hope that if I keep working out and swimming it will do me good and it will keep me& nbsp; healthly, mentally and physically ^-^
Nowdays, my mind is stuck...
Do you have any hoppies?
Would I call them ``hoppies``?
My mother regreat that I don't care for her.
My family hause is in Chiba.
untill today I have a lot of heavy tests, so I all I did was study, study and study (I cut down even on sleeping, these days I went to the bed at 5: 00a. m. and I still went to university
I'm going to do one or two more, and then if I have enough time, I will draw some pictures for Cristmas;-)
But my colleage told me that ``I will put you through xx section.``
Me and my school frineds can see cloudless skies from my school.
However we coundn't.
a park in the beging of winter
I feel rfreshed.
Since he is living alone out of Koreaan as an old bacheoler his parents have been worried since he came to the US.
My idea is that love is always chenging..., last month I had a kind of BF.
They say the Japanesse have good manners, but I think this is not correct.
Now, there are more than 4 'VOCARIOD 2' charactors,
and some PSP softs of 'MIKU' is available.
However, sadly, we havn't met each other since her wedding.
quater pounder
I definetely hope that she lives as long as she can.
I did not learn enlish diligently at school.
Also I'm corresponding on ICQ with people who want to chat in enlish..
It's from Star Trec.
the foloowing is from a radio show.
I studied a lot there, and now I'm really tierd.
Coffee farm workers should receive a higher imcome.
An acquaintant from the other lab said to me, ``I heard you have become a chon-mage man, and that was true`` when we met yesterday.
tommorow I work again.
First of all, I want to express my deepest appreciation to my nice frieds who helped me to correct this.
I'm realy honored to share this short story with you.
My friend Kazu-chan was stabbed to death by his skiing associate when he was a third year junior high schol student.
I was so relieved and I deeply thanked him ofr his brave deed.
He said that he would need fried chickhen, some Umebosi-rice-balls and sausages for his lunch.
I went to see the docter for my broken leg.
So I had the chance to see my leg bone agin. Shall I say hi to it? Having seen the picture, Docter was not very worried.
It was really wonderful that I could see world-famous table tennis players playing just in fron of me.
But my English is incorrct,
My sentencies is very foolish.
I can't create good sentencies.
I have a question about English grammer.
wiritting an essay is a little difficult.
Because this is the fourth time I have attened this test! Still, I getEnglish.
I think learning languages is an interestig thing!
Now I am litening to, ``Born This Way`` by Lady Gaga.
She is such a cool women, isnn't she? But the only word I know to describe her is ``cool``.
I am a person who always looks on the bright side, and enthusiastic self-motivater.
A barton relay the most intersting of all the competitions.
Although I have skype and msn's ID, I nealy don't use it.
I usualy go there by motor bike.
We learned about passive phreases.
The next class was about comparing diffirent cultures.
(Sato, the cartoon I watch recently is a Japanense one named Detective Conan.
With tighter and tighter relationships between each area accross the whole world, any change that occurs in one region can influence the rest.
I am not sure what the Chinse economy will look like in the future; can we keep our rate of growth as fast as before?
She is annoied about the difference in culture.
She didn't do good seach about American culture.
I have read an American newpapper.
The most important thing that I should be carefull about is that I have to speak English well, and talk with Americans well, too.
I heard from my frinds that if you make a mistake in English, they would become a little upset if it's at fast food stores or restaurants.
My co-worker has comphensive knowelge of computers.
(thans for checking my letter, God bless u.)
You want to disappear. Everthing in under your control.
I was trying to know your sorrow, the details help me realize ur heart,
Today it's ur birthday, Are you happy??
I am happy to celebruate ur birthday in my blog.
Mciahel J, I just want to say thank you for you.
I was very happay.
but I have not recive a lot of mail.
I like drawing the best, wacthing movies and listening to music too.
I thought many street venders would be preparing their shops.
Marco, a italain guy I had met in LKF in June, texted me back finally.
These distractionsprevent me from concentrating on my deskwork at my desk.
I offen hear a phrase in songs which is ``never be the same``.
It was a commedy, but it was very touching.
In colder countries, moccains kept peoples 'feet warm.
The dificuculty of learning English for Japanese people
But as I am prooving that I am capable of grasping Japanese in a short time, I feel that my English is getting worse and worse.
However, she is very naive and gullible, so that she gets easily decieved by other people.
Durian smell was not good but,, the tasts was good.
Eating durian was a new experiense to us!
If I have a chance, I wana go there again.
I am so tired, and don't konw what to do.
The doctor adviced that he stay off his right leg until the pain is relieved.
I wasntn't going back to my hometown on the 31st of December, so I accepted it.
I look like a telephone appointer/ operator, because I am always wearing headphones and a mic/ microphone.
It's been a long time sice you went to hospital.
Whether you fogive me or not, it was definitely my silly mistake.
She said that she misses me, and she may possibly come in Oktober, but only for a weekend.
Shikoku is noted for their noodles, the hot springs and the beautifl nature.
I made a lof of friends there, including our leader Rick!
But I regard integration cources not only as a social political measure for foreigners, but also as a place of learning.
One definition of learnig is to change human actions through new experiences.
If I run into a foreiner, they are giving me a kind of smile.
I bourght an electronic dictionary at electric appliances store.
Tomorow is a big day for our school because we will be celebrating its fifttieth aniversary!
But I had just ran a 5000 meter long-distance race! It didn't seem like that long of a diatance when I was first told about it. Now I am in the internet cafe.
You might ask me ``What have you achieviment in 2008?``
Even if a non-neative speaker speaks incorrect English, we occasionally understand what they want to say.
But neative speakers occasionally can't understand what they want to say even though we understand it.
The drink is so sweet, and it feels like I am intaking in 1000 calories.
now I'm interested in fitnessgym.
after school, I'm goiing to ``Fitness First`` which I heard, is most popular gym in australia.
The concert was Base Ball Baer's.
But it was expectedly difficult.
Anyway, one thing highlightened for the next semester is that I'll have to start up the preparations for ``job-hunting`` seasion, which I think officially starts next year.
For our office, we usually buy toilet paper thorugh the delivery service of office supplies, however, because the earthquake occured on March 11th, this service had stopped.
I went home late. I normally perfer to wait for my friend at the comepany. However, because she had a lot of work today and I realized she was going to stay alone at the company for a longtime.
Are you sick or soemthing like that?
Maybe that man will gossip about my uglly face!
I lile him because he is very kind.
To catch the information about Web technologies, servicies, etc.
I'd like to countinue reading books.
I hope I can communicate with poeple all throughout the world.
Because he is not so good at mathmatics.
I really need to appriciate him.
Inrernational School...?
In the world around us today, we are surrounded by a variety of technical machism and tools.
Starting from the eighteenth-centry, the development of technology has never ended, and has advanced faster than ever today.
Technology such as air-conditioners and electronical dictionnaries do lead a much more convienient life than ever.
Some people might argue that technology undermines the relationship between people because once we are developing and using the technology, we forget to keep in touch with others, and that is the ``convienence (?)`` character of technology that makes people more careless about the way to get along with others, thus, everyone feels lonelier than ever.
I am in charge of 26 cosmtics shops.
I suggested that the owener analyses how her customer buy a commodity and apeal to nighborhood for shop's existance.
My English name is Betty, I am fifteen years oid, I like music and sport.
Of you (who read this) don't mind, plez give me advice.
I'm going to vist my mother in law's house this morning.
After the final exam, I have to find a job for the summer hoilday.
I have already been working for four days, but I stil can't focus on my job.
I didn `t know how many people in Korea can speak English fluently even though somebody hasn't lived abraod.
I was shocked, and I looked back mayself.
I've been so lazy, and I didnn't do anything to get to my goals.
Once we want to archieve great success, we have to invest our own ability by over a hundred thousand.
Because of my scholl studying, I have little time to browse the internet.
In the follwing days, I will do my best to update how I learn something everyday, but it's possible my schedule might change.
Two are for writting.
The high-potential young guys asked questions. ``What kinds of computer langage do we need to know?``, or ``What are the most important things for working here?``
I just wish that they would recognize what couriosity means...
I am taking a English lesoon.
After I woke up, I turned on my luptop.
This is an amazing place! I hope that I can improve my English writing skills and make some freinds here ~
These stories are so gorgeous and moving that many times I couldn't help cring.
This is what I tranlated while watching the drama, Lie To Me. This was made in Korea just for someone learing English.
I couldn't approch you.
our bussiness plan is cleary spot-on.
We took a boat that had a clare bottom and saw many kinds of coral, fish, and so on.
Although I have always wanted to go abload, I think that there are many great places in Japan too.
The design is similar to foregin web sites.
Do you guys care if your borthers or sisters were older or younger than you?
When I ask ``Do you have any brothers or sisters?`` to you, you might answer ``yes, I have two borothers``.
I mean a lot of people I met don't care t whether their borthers or sisters are older or younger than them.
Ooops!
simillar to me.
My thesis is on the director Hayao Miyazaki, He was born in the 1941 and grew up in the post-twar years.
We can see in his works most of the time, the protagonists are strong, indipendent girls or young women.
In Sprited Away, Chihiro is forced to survive in a bizarre spirit world, and had to work in a bath-house for spirits after her parents were turned into pigs by the sorcess who owns it.
Kiki is based on the novel of Eiko Kadono, and tells the story of a small-trown girl who leaves her home to begin life as a witch in a big city.
I reserched the program later on the internet and I found out it was a long-lasting program, but each time the topic changes.
of course its arebenefit for me.
befer I would drink almost everyday.
``Saki no yu`` is a hot spring with a very beautiful panolama.
I feel that the hot spring is very rerax.
My ears are very cold when I ride my bycycle,
Something ubsubstantial like ``beauty`` or ``money`` are reasonable for me.
Articles are trickey!!
I speaked on skype with John!!
I will call him again after I can soeak English fluently.
Not a hamuster.
The reason is ``there are no chaire``.
After waiting for the bus for about 40 minits, the bus finally came to the station:)!
Yesterday, I did the presentaion about my reserch (computer circuit desgin) in front of my proffesor.
I went to a tranig center with my friend today and worked on my weight untill I can be satisfied for the first time in 2 weeks.
Tomorrow is a national hoilday, I decided to take the three days to travel.
The customer often saids, ``Our system needs these functions.
They sais, ``I have never seen such a huge swine``, but actually, the size of those pigs were normal for us.
The prizes for perticipation are a T-shirt, a bun and a carton of milk.
In fact, I want to have a new smart puone.
I'm just a human being, not a macine.
I don `t understand how you can distinguish between present perfect and present perfekt progressive, etc...
I watch movies withthout Chinese subtitles to listen and speak English.
I am interested in the energy policy, especially, eco-friendly energies such as wind and sollar power.
My mother is a full-time housemaker.
These days I often think Japanese nudle are good.
I consider myself a pacient person. I like to help, and enjoy teaching.
Today, I went to the beauty salon and enjoyed a face massge for the first time in a while.
After a meeting we went drinking with my colleage.
I'm not good with cold wheather.
My habbies
The expression is parfect for me!
Celeblate for my marriage.
``Newton`` informs us of many kinds of scientifical things.
I want this fascinative magazine to go on forever!
Recently my wife watches a SMAP's DVD every day which was released on Decmber 8.
I would like to learn Engligh for travel and communate with others.
It makes me sad because nobady believe me.
it might be a bad thing brcause many men would like a women who can cook.
As I get married, it would not be good for our relatonship because if my husband didn't like my cooking, we would have a problem if I couldn't make a nice dinner.
So I ate food, took some medicene and a bath. Then, I went to bed early.
I know very well that English is so importante to me, so I hope you can help me with my English.
I have a plan that I'll go to Japen to study law 2 years later, so I must study hard, and I will.
But during interviews, when I am asked to describe myself in English, I always become nervours.
My friend organized free tickets for us but because we went paraseiling in the morning, we didn't have enough time to go there.
I am jealous that site members can write such good Jananese composition!!
To take an ojek, a passanger should go to the ojek pool.
I can halp you with Russian and you can help me with English or Turkish, if you want!
yet we sonetimes regret.
Just compare marits?
Just risten to advice?
But the rasult was the result, so I must accpet it.
(2) Students who are expacted to graduate from high school at March of 2011.
(3) Students who have (an average grade) higher than 3. 4 Japanese grade points average (maximam 5. 0); 3. 6 japanese GPA for students who apply at the faculty of law; and 4. 0 japanese GPA for students who apply at the college of technology.
It was colod, but we felt hot.
Beacuse we could earn that money with our feet.
From now on/ From this point on, I will prepare for the writting module.
I am not familliar with classical music, but I think his music is very beatiful and touching.
He wasn't embarraced at all with such an unusual girly outfit, so I thought he was completely miles away.
Afer all it said and done, I feel like my body clock is very strange!
Every year is representive by an animal in Korea.
I will also runnning around the neighborhood every morning.
The topic of whether we prefer to eat at home or outside in restaurants has been widely debated in our community rencently.
As a consequence, this will lead to a very effecient life.
The people eating at home may have sufficient time for their favorite intrests than the former.
Besides, we can cook dishes according to our own appetites if we prefer the food to be hotter or have less suger.
This is the best way to learn foreigne languages.
I want a man who is ambitious yet family-otiented.
I read Japanese blogs which are popular each day. But I'm not satisfied with those Beacause there are few blogs which treat politics or social subjects. Mostly they treat a subculture or talk about the writer's life.
He adviced me on many things
I will try to study Enlish
This mornig I am tired from lack of sleep.
I think my cousin is a night person and she feels vivrant around that time.
I must learn besiness english.
It contained pork back ribs, carrot, onion and potate. (back?)
Today, I went shopping near by station becouse today is national holiday in Japan.
so I went my home rappidly.
I was cycling along the river with Yuya, who was riding bihinde me and shooting camera with a lot of enthusiasim.
We run and run and run thruogh these people.
Anyway, I wil keep trying my best.
Electric utility expense reises these summer.
So lots of things will reise too.
Studying hestory.
Yesterday I started to study Korean hestory again.
I prepare (d?) some things to study like a Korean hestory book, a reference book, a laptop for searching some subjects about which I might want to know more on the Internet, and a radio for listening to AFKN which has a lot of good popsongs.
I think I live in the happiest time of all human hestory.
After I get it done, I'll study hestory again tonight.
So, I recomend that you find your favorite, and make (good) use of it in your life.
I have bnothing special right now to write about and I'm determined I must stay up all night for my schoolwork which is due tomorrow so I'll finish writing now.
Swine flu has spead over my city.
I started learning Hula this Febluary.
I am on summere vacation, but I will have to make a graduation thesis.
Hm, sounds studpid?
I was so proude of myself.
Would you tell me if the scenery is still as beautiful as the sunset I saw with my fmaily twenty years ago?
After work, I went to my bofriend's house and we met out in front.
I traveled cafully.
It's been raining since last Sunday, and according to the weather forcast it will rain untill next comming Saturday.
I have experienced rainny seasons so many times in Japan and Thailand.
Each rainny season's charactors are totally different.
But I'm pretty sure that hummidity makes Toro sick.
Today, it's a public holiday in Japan, I confirmed and calld offiece of English Studies.
When I'm thiking about this, I sometimes think I will go the UK and meet her.
I wantt to talk with the members on this site in English very well.!!
When I was a junior high, one girl who was not my classmate came to close and said, ``Are you gay?`` I couldn't understand what she said at first but I replied ``well I have a sister so you might feel so.`` This is not an anwer at all but I managed to say that.
When I was in college, one of the exchage-student who came from Canada, he asked me same question.
He appareltly denied me.
I went to BODERS last sunday with my friend.
I love this feeling, calme,,, and cool!
I think there are many different peples and cultures in the U. S.
atc..
As you know, a person's personality is dffirent from evrypeople else's.
But oddly enough, my blood type is a liittle similar
The reason is that we can order by phone call and get delivery servce.
Naturally, their intonation and pronaunce doesn't sound familliar.
I was quite shocked about their careness and horrible food.
It is very rural. I love Yamagata becaouse I can relux.
I had a violin compitation this morning and went to my violin class this noon.
I have to write about Japanese actors using computer-generated characters, about why I think adults in Japan reas comic books, and about whether I prefer fiction or non-fiction books.
Tha's why we are working longer than other developed countries.
When I stayed in the US, I often heard people saying ``that is my job.`` I think there are two meanings in that sentence; one is that I will take full responsibility for my job and the othe is I will not care about other people's jobs.
Today was a lettle warm,_ so I irrigated the field.
Hello, I'm kadaobi (not my real name).
I practiced it but they look like crocodilia a little.
At end of the year in Japan, we have a custome of having a meal with someone you had business with.
I think this custome comes from the saying ``All's well that ends well.``
Tomorrow I need to deal with a csutomer who really gets mad at our product...
I was diappointed with that.
Becaus I love playing soccer.
But, an idividual is important for an alphabet culture country.
I think it is very important to think deeeply
well, would you like to make/ be freind with me?
I am the only person to deal with legal and compliance affiar
Actually, I didn `t understand all the lines of the characters, because I watch it without subtitles.
Just to see the local marchandise, and the people look vigorous there.
My breakfast was sunnysideup-ala-Thai, fried bread, and coffe with condensed milk.
the street vendor cooked two eggs in a metal sauser which is just the size for two eggs.
The coffe was really sweet, half coffee and half condnesed milk.
I sholdn't have stirred.
I think he was also embarrased.
It is defenitely part of dynamic relationships with him, but it is not so easy to control it.
A ceaseless effort to improve yourself makes an unchanged value throgh your
Just now I recived the acceptance letter for my poster from the conference committee!
But such considertion is a dangerous myth.
I said, ``Congraturation!!``.
I'm afraid of opening the windows in my room becasue it's very cold these days.
Japanese famous actress, or imfamous celebrity, Erika Sawajiri suddenly announced that she decided to devorce her husband Tsuyoshi Takashiro, so-called hyper media creater (though no one knows what his job is) the day before yesterday.
Moreover, stating that he didn't know what was happening with a desparate pale face.
By lights, it was a bit strange that Erika, who is a beautiful young lady, married with Takashiro, who is over 40's and not so good looking with an ambiguous and susupicious job.
I think, however, Erika's abrupt decision without contacting with her husband was really crue.
Althoug my situation is too ordinary to compare with this case, I once experienced a sudden break up.
There were 7 members alltogether..
It's Sunday, and it's hard to see in northeastern of China in winter, but I have many tasks to do. Some reports (about computer, assembley language), and some electrician reports. It's must be hand in tomorrow, so I have no time to go out.
First, we droved to MeiLing where a company's broadband network was wrong.
We found that the fault point hadn't been there, so we droved to Zhongxi and fixed it well.
I think they're difinitely great.
Each character has their own specail accent and it confuses me.
I begin to study Enlish with this site.
A mikoshi is a portable Shinto shrin.
It's much hevier than it looks.
My sholuder is still aching...
Anyways, there are so many clothing stores in Dong Wu Yuan and all of them are terriblly cheap!
By the way, I've been studying about what is the best kind of industry for me to work in after my gaduation.
I'm considering about my career plan, but I still have alomost no idea.
Mnay university students have been doing job-hunting every day.
In Japan, first of all we have to write ``Entry seet`` (Resume) to the company which we chose.
Also, we have to write the reasons for our applications, self-introductons, and so on, into the Entry seet (Resume).
Now I attend a translater school and an interpreter tour guide school.
I watched ``super 8``, which was produced by Spielbarg yesterday.
In a sense, this film is very Spielbarg.
T., Jurassic park, War of the worlds, and other Spilel films.
I must be cafefull of unconscious habits.
I'm going to Nara for/ on a chool trip, so I won't write any journals for four days.
I am studying at a foreign langusage college now.
She doesn't wash dishes, she doesn't throw awy trash...
I visited Cina for sightseeing this year.
Actually, some opinions expressed in these museums are ploblem in Japan.
After watching the movie, I felt that the hero is very genious.
We promissed to go camping this in summer!
All of them They all calld themselves Tiger Mask.
My experience is that I have learnt English for many years, however, I still find my english skills are not good enough and it is also difficult for me to use a new vocaburary.
I have memorized lots of vocaburaries, but the diction that I used is still very limited.
After 45 minitues of driving, we got to the feild.
We had a primary school performa.
I can insist that a greeting is absoultely important when studying English.
Second, there was pronuncition training.
The Pronuncialtion's role is also important when we talk to others.
Because listners can understand our words when we speak to them correctly.
Every time I contemplate the fact, I think it's intresting.
Even though we are far from each other, we can still chat about everthing, such as our feelings, our life, our work.
this afternoo I reached the downtown to buy some computer consumables.
A lot of groups go to the Aquarium jast like us.
deeling off the bottom
The police searched out the evidence that the two companies have been deeling off the bottom.
-Communicate with collaborators iuntil you get confident with your results and interpretations.
Some of us are a sumbling block, but we believe God is our rock.
Will you help me to learn Thai langauge?
I am going to the desaster area next Monday.
I see a pile clothes and I question myseft, ``Why do we wear clothes?``
Finaly, it's better that we should wear clothes when we get out of the house./ (go outside)
But Is it coomon word?
It's such an exciting game for Disney funs.
And my eldest sister promissed to buy me a bag which is worth 130 bucks.
Everyone knows that each cowntry has its own unic and fanatastic culture!
so I dicided to walk from the school to the station.
A foreinger who is married to a Singaporean.
Foreingers can't buy new HDB flats in Singapore, even if they marry Singaporeans, in short HDB flats are for only Singaporeans.
I've never done this before, but I recken it's going to be quite helpful...
My mother was more sucared than me so I comforted her the whole time.
She was a completly stupid girl who had spent two years in an america jail.
She spent her life in an america jail.
My father goes to Pachinco for his entire holiday.
It's a buffe party.
I was suppurised by her energy!
So I tried to find a way to buy the provious model of MacBook with a US keyboard, and finally I decided to buy a model from the US Apple Store.
With this marine sport you can experience speed and exhilaration by runing on the water.
I was very suprised.
On the fifth day, I packed souvenirs for my frineds and my family in my suitcase, I prepared to come back Japan.
In shor, he has an concise policy.
I had an opic test.
I want to change my charater.
My neme is Kaori.
I'm going to shcool tomorrow so I hope for good weather.
Since he is currently staying at Zac's house, I can talk to him every day along with Zac.
When I was in junior high, one girl who wasn't in my class came to me and asked, ``Are you gay?`` I couldn't understand what she said at first but I replied ``well I have a sister so you might feel so.`` This is not an anwer at all but I managed to say that.
When I was in college, one of the Canadian exchage-students asked me same question.
Eglish work interview
Recently I applied for a job as asistant to the teacher in cram shcool.
If I comform the conditions that were asked for there will be a interveiw.
what is the best respones?
And I lacked preperation for this challenge.
Of course, I'll try the second challange.
Next time, I'll pass Gread Pre1 on merit and not luck.
I want more of an American atomosphere to a fast-food restaurant!
But the whole restaurant is an important place for me. I want to enjoy another country's atomosphere.
So I want to ask them to sell toys of Ronald and his friends at Macdnald's.
I'm sorry, this is a nagative diary.
I have been learning English sice last summur.
To learn is my brain's traning.
and I want to talk with forigner.
Yesterday when I spild my cookies, he ran to eat them as fast as an F1 car!
It is said that Toriyama Akira, Doragon Ball author, was
It is difficult to become a famous cortoonist.
Only 2% (in all) cortoonists can become real/ professional cortoonists in Japan.
What do you think about marrige problems?
My friend who is a 28 years old woman is thinking about getting marrige.
She said that he is the perfact guy for her (and they are having a good relationship), but she has problems about his parents.
Accoding to her, her boyfriend care about his parents a lot.
On the other hand, I do not think that they can solove it after getting married.
Every couples have a problem, because we all are diffrent.
My friend and her booyfriend are keeping a good relationship, so they will be able to accept his parents.
Honestly I think that she has too big a problem for her and she will regret to get married sevral years later.
My English didn't make senes to her.
I wiil go to shopping to get some groceries.
And l studying English at langage school in Brisbane.
I want to speak and undersand English more.
Many people were studing very hard.
Afterwards, we went to Doutonnbpri.
He smeil at me, what a pretty baby!
I still remeber the feelings...
But my mather said ``Korean women tend to get plastic surgery.``
I made miso suop and another dish.
The miso soup was a littel bit thick.
In the past I wantded to be a chef.
I konw I shouldn't go on this, but I hate studying at home.
Result is... listning 78/ 100
Grammre 32/ 100
Today, I finally get back to school and my domitory after an 18 hour train journey.
when I travell, writing a letter is one of the things that gives me enjoyment.
My English teachur is old, but she is very strict.
I got a SHOCH!> <;
I was very dissapointed about this...
Usually they sell the books at a 50-70 percent discountt.
On March 11 an enormous earthquake happend in north-east Japan and an enormous Tsunami was generated.
This incredible huge natur disaster caused extensive damage to the cooling system in the nuclear power plant.
Japan is one of the top level industrialized countries, the goverment and nuclear power companies repeated that using nuclear power is safe and no problem.
People against nuclear power in Japan were even seen as a little politically extrem.
Now, the accident is still not under controll and the mythof perfect technik is broken.
One day Sarah decides to go to Norway and surprieses Jim.
there were always some retired people chatting and kids playing uderstairs.
I made a decisioin to buy a house and I moved to a better neighborhood in late 2007.
Chocolate truffles, scones and gateau chocolat
The topic is 'international marrige'.
I wil read my old diary nd try to understand it again to help me be good at English in the futur.
Although Internet is more and more popular among students, there is no doubt that book is an vital way for studing.
All of my serven have gone, they already go home when the Ramazan holiday come.
and my mom don't want them to come back, cause they are thieves, they stold some of my stuff, and offten steal some food.
I am lucky girl beacuse I know about this site
I hope meet friand on this website
There are a lot of tasks I have to do, and I have to be thankful for the actual status under this ecnomic crisis.
We have rolling blackouts tonight beacuse there is not enough electricity.
I think he urinated fequency because of the psychological stress.
I am writing a Master's thiesis now.
Moreover, every user has been friendry and very kind.
And I hope that Lang-8 further develops in the futuer.
I've just finished wathcing this movie.
Tomorrow nigth, I will speak to my friend in English with ICQ.
We will discuss different themes: religion, musik and jobs.
today, a frend of my girlfrend inturduce me to lang-8, and, it seems to be a good website.
I thought there would be a clearence sale because it was President's Day, but I realized that I didn't have any money to spend for myself.
I hpoe I don't catch a cold
Maybe just a little bit, but I think they are so I want to continue writing entries and imrove my skills.
Another thing is that I'm writing about diffrent things in my entries, so in fact, there isn't just one topic.
RIGHT: He, the helo, has already gone on his trip.
This could be a one-time-only lecture or consective lessons on regular basis depanding on the company.
Yesterday, I asked/ consulted the weather center about the everage wind velocity of the area where the building is located
In order to accurately predict generation performance, I will use CFD and giographic software.
I need to do more research on the feasibility assesment of generation.
But from now on, I will try to write one diary everyday to impro my written English.
Writen for the first time
But, interestingly, I have to call a American proffesor of my university Mr Duggan. He conducts a class entitled 'Linguistics.'
The reason thet I joined this website is to write a diary in english.
To be honest, I think I don't spek english very well.
I hope to keep practising enghlish and speak it well someday in the future
hopefully I can get the help I need here by asking many qusetion.
If you have a qusetion, I will answer it to the best of my ability.
One meeting, one oppurtunuty.
He can learn about our culture thourh Japanese folk tales, too.
They want to drive with their frends, and that is breaking the law.
It seems that their defference is power.
Perhaps they would get nervos in the fight so they couldn't use their power and techniques because they are polite and gentle guys.
Of course, the owener keeps the apartment clean so that there are no bugs at all in my room.
I was so hungry but there is no food in my refrigirator.
I have ramen, instant nooldes.
After comming home, I tidied up the room for a moment.
I'm going to watch a movie and write a movie review, read a book, play with my pet and study English untill dinner time comes.
This is my first english diray, I am very excity, I reside in Chengdu China. It's a very____ city, hehe, panda country, have you seen kongfu panda?
I thoungt that I should e-mail my Japanese friend to ask him/ her to come.
Unlike the other species, humans have culuture.
The other day, I got the result of TOEIC Speaking and Writing test which was held last month.
They are open on a natinal holiday.
I thought he might be ungry.....
Otani says that ``The evolution of an isect is very fast.
Humans have great intelligence, but insects are more great than us in vitarity force.
Six years is such a short time that we could still remember each other distinctly, yet such a long time that we all amazed at the chages that had occurred among us.
Our teacher was an energetic and humor young man, and he still is now.
sorry for any uncorrect english
However, I think that it is not tha cace.
Moreover, I sugguest that our lives are occupied with what passes for leisure in our society.
Taday is wonderful, suny day, but I have no spirit. I feel sick. What should I do?
The reaon why I got such a good grade is by studying many English words
Fortunately, today is Ftiday; I can have a rest tonight and also on the weekend!
I listen to English on my/ an MP3 player when I go to my campany.
What kind of MP3 is a good choise?
Hi evryone!
first dialy
I live near the Urals mountain in a big industrial sity.
This is school of desigh.
We told them about it, and they adiviced us.
Yesterday the worlds famous movie director Steven Spierberg talked about East Japan Earthquake at an interview in Paris.
I went to Singapore to attand a conference from Feb. 25 to Feb. 28.
To quit smoking seems like something impossibel for a heavy smoker.
Yesderday, someone went to my Blog and left me a commont.
I am very warry.
I have to writea diary that is attractive to readers so that it can be corected by someone.
To pass anohter car, I must handle the controls carefully.
Recently, an unrealistic politician has become an issue oline.
The goverment supports poor people financialy.
The day before yesterday, a politician who agrees with the current policy worte an article on the web.
He only ate fast foods-due to lack of money, and he didn't consider other factors such as phone bills, electricity bills, transportasion fees, etc.
I read an article on newpaper recently.
this is my frist time here, my classmate told me this place, today, so, I came ~
She thougth that her life was boring.
I didn't find her life boring. It was comon, calm, but not boring.
She recollected her privious life and realised that it was good.
We should find joi in our everyday lives.
I coudn't express what I feel in this post.
But, some of my Chinese and Taiwanise friends doesn't like him since he has a dirty mind...
Japanese companies often evaluate one's score of this test when university stduents are applying to their companies for a job, so it is important for us to achieve a high score.
This test includes writting and speaking sections, so even if you are native English speaker, it is very tough to get a perfect score.
I hadn't really talked with her hasband because he looked really tense when he came over to my parents home.
I can understand a litle of the movie with japanese subtitles.
There are a lot of countries in Asia such as China, Laos, Bietnam, Cambodia, Burma, Tailand, India, Srilangka, Parkistan and Nepal as well as Korea and Japan.
So many people are suffering with unexplored bombs and mines in Bietnam and around the Tailand.
I don't understand why we are fighting each other because of different ientity, sex, race, class and religion.
Several rock bands had excting and passionate performances.
It brought srangers together in a common interest and it represented young people's attitudes towards life.
I moved to haruyamacho (?), Mizuho ward in Nagaya (?) city.
On the way I go there, I drew 100 thousant won out of my account by card.
In comtemporary society, the amount of information broadcast by meida such as internet, radio and newspapers
Newpapers play an enormously influential role within the whole media.
I don't know this finction well yet.
So, I will often use this usefull tool:)
I commuted to English language school and staied with an Australian family for two weeks.
My part-time job is at McDnald's.
does erratic mean really bad, hamrful?
A human being is a lengthways creature, so you must always keep balance.
I was wordering about applying to your shcool for admission in hairdressing.
I think it has not finished receving applicants yet
We were confused becuase we thought it was supposed to be in the mall not outside the mall.
After going to the hospital I felt better about my anxieties over ticks and skin illuness.
Why do all the non-heterosexual people have to make an extre effort to do anything.
I'm angry with all these peole who are talking nonsense against gay marriage. I'm extremely angry with all the people who says things like ``it's unnatural`` or ``it's agains the moral concept of family`` or rubbish like that.
Homosexuality is not an aillnes, but homphobia IS.
I am hosting my support group, which helps facilitaitor our lifestyle, in my house today.
There are for people who want to imporve thier life for thier good.
I want to go to Hwaii!
I am looking forward to the weakend already.
Prease tell me how to be more positive.
I want to get along and keep in touch with him in the futere too.
Now, I am thinking of starting to work part time, so I have a question: ``How often do students (like in universuties) in other countries do part time jobs?`` In Japan, from what I know from my friends, many students do part time jobs and spend many hours on them.
Does this mean that I am very dependent and childlish? I am worried about this now.
There was too much water on the flloor ^-^
because it has some important featers such as Contactless IC smart card,
You said you would treasure that clock forever, but you've gone agaist our rule again!
I wrote my last entry without checking it, so in the last paragragh were many lower-level mistakes.
I finished my journey in Australia and got that job vancacy in BAHA after going back to Taiwan.
And the song that I am gon to be cover is called You Can Win.
Today, I played footsal with my co-worker.
But unfortunately, I am overweight and have a wider weist.
I am a middle-agged man.
I heard about Lang-8 from my best friend (love you!) and I became intereted in it.
I keep saying that I only sutdy Enlish this time! (?)
I wanna chang my job and it requires me to speak English!
I'm writing this diary with a transraton site.
Beofore writing my first journal, I read a lot of entries that other lang-8 users wrote.
I remember seeing it years ago and I was reary impressed by the story and characters at the time.
Many kinds of fish, freeze dried, half dried, salted, and freshraw, raw fish.
But stil, I'm excited I'm on vacation.
When trade tensions heated up in the 1980s and early 1990s, these years became known as the era of ``Japan bshing``.
It was my choise.
Then I bought a Cinese phonecard at Peking Airport but in Tianjin it didn't work.
I'm not newly gruduated anymore, you know!! ``was what he said.
Well, I'm glad that I'm one of the very first people they think of when they're in troble, but please, 3 calls per month is just waaaaaay too much for me..
Ever since I started listening to Mariah Carey's Memoirs of An Imperfect Angle, I was deeply atracted by these kinda music.
It has a covention hall for 1000 people and eight banquet halls.
So I started a wild Enlgish project.
beauifull spring!
Spring is very beauifull! In this season the flowers bloon, grass sprouts, and there are green trees.
I had thought that reading practice and having conversations with my wife everyday were enough to mastring English.
So since one week ago, I have started (doing) listening comprehension excercise there.
Now, I can't understand what the announvers say at all, but after I read the texts, I can understand them.
Inspirating quote: ``Possessions don't define you, your lifestyle defines you``
I can say that from my personal exprience I carefully monitored my life.
English Convesation
I have started to take lessons on English convesation recently.
He's so talented because he can play the guitar, violine, and piano.
Usualy, I'm not a casual sort of person but
They are newly opene malls (department stores?).
There are many peple there.
I offen see Japanese woman with foreign men as couples.
Jpanese men are not popular with foreign girls?
But, the club chief is planning to have some paties regularly after the dissolution.
Perhaps becouse of age?
I wii play tennis in this afternoon too.
However, I conqurred my self/ emotions at last and tried very hard, and became one of the best workers in that factory.
Meanwhile, I try to find the weaknesses in myself and try to be optimstic towards life, even occasionally somethings will happen unexpectedly.
As some famous people say: we cannot change anybody else but ourselves because we have to realize that in these hords/ masses of people there are without doubt many kinds.
I like your display of courang but at the same time, I envy it.
Quitteing my job
The food was wonderfull and the people were very friendly.
I sometimes go to coffee shops such as Starbucks or a Doutor Coffee.
What is your favorite season?
Major campany start in April, so my neiborhoods will move soon.
I would like to make a special (?) day for my 2 neiborhoods but I haven't hit upon a good idea.
I thought that the meaning of mature was to pretend that you have a high status, to handle everything with high efficiency, to keep steadfast with my princiles with high profile, and to treat those who are younger than me well.
For example, cleaning up campaingns and collecting trushs in the street to contribute to society.
I aslo have to carry all of my luggages to my new house tomorrow.
Before I re-entried Singapore, I withdrew two hundred thousand Japanese yen in Japan.
Why doesn't anyone correct my dialy?
plese correct my dialy.
5. A momentary seperation.
Becouse he slept all day.
midnigt crying
So tonighe I will sleep soon.
The bank was prety crowded at the end of the month.
I hope to give someone the chicolate next year!!
I went there early in the moring.
and the rest was the endodontic tretement.
We will need more manytime. ``
Miyajima is an iland, so we took a ferry to get there.
The other day, I decided to attennd an English school called Presence at Omotesando.
I will write here regarding the progress of my English skills through the English scholl, ``Presence``.
Becase people who speak English very well are cool in Japan, some Japanese people try to talk to them in English.
Moern day people can use the internet, thus they can easily contact their families and friends and can watch the broadcasts of foreign countries.
I really want to ask English teachers living in Japan, please learn at least intermediate Japanese, because Japanese students really want theachers like that.
I don't have any complaints that they only speak English during lessons, it's essencial for us, but sometimes we need explanations about English grammers or dificult expressions in Japanese.
It's always interesting to learn something new, and I personally like studying foreing languages.
This week I've been feeling like I live in Sibir.
Fortunatelly, the snow began to melt.
I brought my mobile items. (laptop PC, G-shock cellphone, Android phone, Voice recorder, Handy video comera,
Anyway, I made today's an apointment.
He replied, ``What?`` with a frowing on his face.
I'm Sho, a college student studying engneering in Japan.
Well... and I like listening to music as well, especially forign music, for example Linkin Park, The Used, My Chemical Romance and so on.
Gee, I shouldn't have written about New Year's reasolutions.
Anyway you'll see how my resoluions go around June.
because I moved back home last summer from another prfecture
look for a band pertner in my city.
I like my city but I prefer Canada to Okayama because I like Noth American cultuer, customs and music.
Chirdren abuse
I want learn to English (I'm a begginer).
It is very expensive, but all my friends said that if I buy a cheaf one, I'll regret buying it and will buy a new one very soon.
I want to decolate my wedding party with many beautiful flowers.
Now I am in Chain China next to the Hong kong area.
We were once in a prmiary school.
Also, I understood I got close to paradice or heaven in a different way.
In those days, the most interesting thing was maybe fashione magazine.
beauthful clothes and shoose.
I remembered that when I lived in Japan I had a lot of trobule with the language barrier and customs.
TOEICtest is the English test.
Yeasterday, I stayed up late at night.
So, it was unusuall for me to wake up that late.
Especially my father doesn't belive in God at all.
An intersting day
The weather is warm and sun is shineing.
In this bus, I meet three foreign students, one is American, one is German and another is from Holand, they want to vistor ``Tian an men``, but they didn't know how to get there.
what a good chance for me to pritice my English.
What an intering day today.
The schoo provides one on one lessons.
I talked with a neitive speaker.
The picture is of a SHOKADO BENTO (It's a high quality luch?)
I was exhausted while making a 100sheet presentation file using the poewr point.
Recently, during a protest to condemn an inafective legislator there was 67 years old man who painted the house of representative's roof.
By January 1, I received a lot of New Year's cards sent by my friends and reletives.
First of all, you can see different types of japanere culture in Tokyo.
My mother usually buys drie bonito and shaves it when needed.
My hoby is playing the guitar and singing.
Lang-8 is amaizing!!
The game was held very early in the moroning in Japan.
I'm really releved to hear that.
I am suprise that I got the pass mark in my CFM EXAM, the LAW EXAM result got a high mark as well.
It feels strange, funny and intersting.
So I finnally noticed my bad behevior. (acustomer) (?)
I decieded to try to close my computer immediately after I finsh writing in my diary.
Many people think that time passes guickly when you use the computer.
Now I am going to try a lang-8 marason (I named it by myself)
My love is always something strenge.
This picyure is from the Kumagaya Fan Festival. If you have a chance, come over next summer.
I saw two idels today.
But, he made every endevour to speak it, and at last he was able to convey his feelings.
Moreover I find that my sentance are too long and it is difficult to understand.
this is my first post on this webside and first English in my life.
I especially like Krispy Kreme Dounghnuts
a shop opend in Shinsaibashi.
Thta is amazing to me because I've never been abroad before.
He always makes me happeyer.
I am good at mathematics so I easily undersatand the subject that relates to mathematics.
The benifits of this website are not only learing languages but also making freinds.
I called him when I heard about the increable disaster with the earth quake.
I just called my sister and I found out he is workding very hard with very little sleep.
He is kinnda of shy..
One day, he told me that Japanese Self-Defense-Force was trained for disaster relief from earth-quakes and tunami.
But, unfortunatly, the worst nightmare has come true...
helping thousands of people to the safty-area before the tunami hit.
I thougt the way it tasted was diffrent from how my boss makes it.
Then, I realized my misstook.
So I'll make the sauce again this weekend, and perhaps a Hollandais sauce too.
She became sensetive.
He explained her that Michael had the same desease as she does but he is cool and became famous.
She was encouraged by him and recoverd her confidense.
Can you imagin if your color of skin changed?!
She and Michael are brave people who got over their own desease......
the garden of a nersery school
A nersery school which I can get toon foot in 15 minutes, opens its garden for children.
but I never thought that there were very mess! (?) Meaning most people were cheating on the examination. I always concider Chinese students quite smart! Yeah, of couse they are smart! But it was not fair to cheat on the exam, right?
That's unbelieable!
I can read English stories and airticles, and I know many English words, but it is very difficult for me to listen, write and speak English...
Sorry about the nagative outlook.
There is a simpe answer))
Congratulatuons!
I've already worked at new work for a mounth.
I have been asked to traslate this (below) into Japanese by my friend.
I cannot tlanslate.
Can you translate this sentenses into Japanese?
But I'm happy anyway becouse it's SUMMER!!!
The corectee might have believed that those were right.
Oh! Tha's great!
To sove the problem, I believe that youg people should go overseas to study, travel, help developing countries and so on.
I think it would be better to lower the air conditionar.
And I regret a little bit that I didn't try to aks in detail for alternatives because I barely understood what the clerk was saying.
He spork too fast to catch it (all).
I know to hundle a thing like this; you have to be proactive and patient.
Oh, being in the States, feeling alone, it's just hard to hundle it.
I went to this course, becouse I can read English text (not good, but I can), and I can understand English speech (worse, but I can), but I can't speak it!
Recentry I wrote new year cards for my friends, and put them into the post.
It was a loud thmp...
In my spare time, I have broad interests like many other youngers people.
I (usually) study for a long time, so it is important that I find a more conveinient coffee shop for studying.
Additionaly, it lets us use the AC power, so we can use our laptops there.
A lot of my friends are worrying about their future, bause many companies have decided to cut their costs so that they do not need to recruit others to join them.
I also worry about my future. I have been working as an intern in an internation company for 2 months, but I'm not sure I can stay there.
The reason for my call is to confirm the shippinng date.
I am working in procuriment Department.
In addtion, jogging after working became my hobby too.
my hasdand doesn't think it's good.
I might be more strict with her about mony, rules, and study than he,
, We will go to Belgen from 29th August to 3rd September.
I work in the Jewelry department and my partner works in the fashion department.
About Lybia.
I have heard much news these days abouy Lybia.
And I also heard that many countries are concerned about the exodus of Lybian.
From what I've heard Thunisia was no longer able to deal with such a influx.
But I think he doesn't feel much responsibility because he said Lybia people love Lybia and Cadaffi.
It's rediculous.
Soppose that a girl has loved some guy secretly for a long time.
You are interasting. '
I'm Japanaese.
If you watch the news on the tv or intnet, you will get informtion about the nuclear power station in Japan.
In my opion, I think we should close that,_ firstly, it is too dangerous and we cannot control radiation.
secandly nuclear power stations could produce some nuclear waste.
We also can find other resources to replace nuclear power,_ for example solar power and coal and oir.
In the case of Shizuoka, Yakisoba (griled noodles) is a very famous food.
David Coverdele is one of my favorite singers
because his voice is adrable. Many people are fascinated by his voice.
Nowdats, many hotels offer a discount price, it would be cut in half.
Couldn't unerstant!!!
I couldn't understand Engish or organic cemestry.
I haven't wrotten a thread in a while a while.
Usually it is/ it's warm over there, because of the sea, but that summer, the weather was either cloudy or rainning.
but recently I really can't have confidense so much about my English skil.
I don't know why they can remember vocabraries so much!!! umm anyway I have to study more.
After arrivining there, she didn't want to get out of the car and cried very hard.
The teachers were warried about her.
I thought she just wanted to ride in my car more but couldntn't....
I'll kepp watching next episode after!!!!!
I couldn't go outside because of the tyhoon, but today was fun:D
These two movie stars are the bigining of my study.
I'm suffering from a migrane.
It's something like a migrane.
BUI I WHEN FOUND OUT THAT HE SHOULD COUNT THE QAUNTITY OF SYLLABLES IN THE LINE, THE DEVIATIONS FROM METRE, PECULIARITIES OF GRAPHICAL FORM AND RHYMING SCHEME...
The wall, the table, the counter, and all of the stuff are made from ice blook inside.
Even drinking glasses are mede from ice.
I like to write a diary entry but this is my first diary on Lan-8!
I have known about Lan-8 for some time but I've been nervouse about writing a diary on Lan-8:)
I'm learning Enlish in several (different) ways.
I am reading a newspeper, 'Student time.'
I watch webe TV, and so on.
Hellow ~!! Foreign Friend ~!
Bcause, I have freedom.
Meetting my friend, Eatting nice food,
Sleepping a lot, studying English, I do that too! ^ 3 ^
I'm going to take part in Hana, where I learn English skeaking with foreign people.
On a cold day, I feel like eatting a hot food.
If you eat HoBBang, you may say ``Ho ~ Ho ~`` eatting.
But it was put off due to the big typoon.
I wana write a letter for to host family.
In Melbourun
Because this is my first opportunity to go overseas and Melbourun, in Australia, has a lot of nature.
First, we got on a plane for the Gold Coast, where we then transferred to a plane for Melbourun, then my host mother picked me up and took me to her house.
We have three classes tomorrow, to teach us what Melbourun has.
I gave it to the station clark.
Recentry, I've been addicted to eating crackers.
In Beijing, I have a lot of trouble acrossing the street.
Actually, compared to Japan, Chinese drivers drive very fast and loughly.
Today, we sold the same frypan agan.
My favorit color is blue.
Today is my first vist here.
A case in point is Edison who invented the light bulb through numerous experient. What's more, he wasn't defeated by frustration, and he also said, ``faiure is needed and it has the same value as success for me.``
I plant vegetables in my beranda.
Last Suturday I had my hair cut.
Chris Moulin of the University of Leeds, you can induce jamais vu through semantic satiation, which means bassically fatiguing a patient's brain by overexposing him to a word.
After reading the aforementioned info, I wonder whether there could be some implicances for language learning over the short and long term.
Today is april fool's day. In the usa, peopie usually fool their good friends to make everyone happy,
because the old generation doesn't like it. In their minds we would be very impliet if we do that.
Tomorrow we'll have a outing. My company organised it. We will go to a famous and beautiful place, and we will see a panda. I am so exsiting and I'm really looking forward it!
I always try to broden my perspective, which means I cannot easily answer any kind of question just from my knowledge.
Even native spakers have a hard time writing something abstract, what it will be for a Japanese kid to do so?
Although some emotions and morals are still cryptical to my age, I was touched and just ccould n't stop the tears because of the beautiful regret and the heart-breaking ending.
Are people in modern socirty losing their moral values?
Some of parents are very aggresive.
In such tigh situations, teachers find it difficult to provise good education and teach good manners to children.
Youths learn very naturaly how to respect their seniors.
Each of us has to recongnize the importance of morals.
After I posted my journal yesterday, I regretted a lot because I wondered if my journal entry sounded offense to some people.
I want to say that English helps to express my emotions more easiler than Japanse.
I suggest that there are some culuture differences there.
I am nearly fourty, I work for a company and I am a department manager.
M every day except satday and sunday.
becuase I can't type a letter on my PC....
SUMMARY OF ALIFICATION
Uhm.... see the Jeepney in Manila, Philippines...
They always give you an unconfortable face when you hit (bump into) them on the road.
Of couse, he didn't hear that, and he picked up his hat I had hit off.
As my college is in Kyoto, I usualy only go around in this area.
but, I am going to Tokyo to take a seminar for job appricants tomorrow.
Thus I think that I would be busy, but I think that ``busy`` is an evedence of one's living life to it's fullest.
He used to work in a sushi restrant when he was a child.
But she said ``I have never used it because I have a poor backgrund.
I want to speak English fluenly and I want to get a job in London.
I was a bit coufusing.
Today I met my new roommate, who came from England and woked in Australia.
He went to New Zealand to work and just staied here for a couple of weeks.
Actully, I don't want my roommates to change constantly.
Best regads/ Minato
because I think it's not intrested and there was a tayphoon then.
My room was a little messy befor. Oh...
I forgot to writen that I'm not lazy!! So my room is good now.
Of couse I know there are a lot of mistakes.
Well, I just signed up. I hope that with this web site I will improve my englsh skills.
However, I rescieved an E-mail from the community center, saying my reserved books have been prepared, so I'm happy.
I am born in Jiangsu pro China, so I have no chances to comuunicate with foreigners.
Eeting is important.
Well... to be honest, I am totall broke...
So now, I will be open and filexible for any financial suport from any of you!
Anyway, money is not the subjet now. The more important thing is to have great and unforgettable memories with my freinds during each trip which I hope will cheer me up sometime I'm upset or depressed with my work in the future ^-^
while I `m taking ressons, I put my usb to a computer and study English from Eigoduke
There must be a certain relationships in which you tend to hesitate to leave a comment unless the topic is absolutely familier with you.
His full music videa will be released on the 21th.
They pretend to be intimate with us when they need our help, why aren't they unsatisfy by our benefits?
We talked about vorious things for two hours and had a wonderful time.
I'm a student at Hansin University.
Someday I hope to play the guiter.
However, I definately am going to enjoy my life there...!
We are goint to the selecction football-soccer match when the American Cup is in Argentina. I often meet my friends to watch TV.
I came here today (yesterday?) onn business.
Most of his works are paintede wide lonely lonelylandscape with tiny objects such as houses,, boats, animals, trees...
His first illustrated work 'The white bird on my bench' has been published in various European countries after which he won meny awards.
I want to have the ablity to help somebody easly.
The sweat was pouring off my bady.
May this new year bring you many oppertunities along the way.
Because, when we cought up witheach other in my English lesson, I told her about the changing of my way of thinking these days.
She also took the class to improve her pronunciaton.
I talked about some topics including intrnational mearriage with her in the car.
I'm a university student learning about archtectures.
Last month I vesited London for 2 weeks.
This is the frist abroad trip for me.
co, I would like to apply for the possicion of a Service Quality Manager.
My ring fnger bone was broken the other day
Accidentaly, during a soccer game with my students.
I attacked one studets by accident
The next day, my left hand turned pale and a litle bgger.
It's now a chance to strengten my right arm and hand.
I always love my mom but sometimes I lose control when I start talking to her and I become crochety with her.
I act crochety but it's hard to keep my composuer with her.
It would be very bad if I had to be with ohers in that time.
Actualy, my son is always being mistaken for a girl in china.
This weekend I'll take part in the National Computer 2 C language exam, but I havn't prepared well, so I don't have confidence.
The third question was, ``Discribe one of the situations in Picture B``.
I went shpping with my mom.
And at night, I went to eat cury rice in a restaurant with my family!!
I am goning to introduce Japanese folkrore to you.
I had watched Supernaturl previously but now the season already finished.
This is a really good hidden taste except for one thing: it takes a long time to cook sofftitto.
The recieved items are white belt, shirts, and black cut and sewn.
It will be an unique ceremoney.
By yhe way do you know Turtle Talk?
Otherwise, The sentence does not seem to have enough meaning and stucture.
I can understand the teacher speok but I can't answer questions correct.
There was a Engilsh Poromoting Test at the end of the month in my academy.
My techer said,
But your writing is not good, So I recomand you write a diary ``(I can't remember it exactly,,)
I didn't see fear from radialization in their faces.
Especialy in past 3 months when a big natual disaster has happend and the affected people
need heip immediatly.
I question why my contry does not allow both storng and long administration.
In addition, Japan has a mono-cultual society so I think Japanese people tend to be affected by the media's opinion easily.
I want to traverl to Europe, Australia, New Zealand and so on.
Mah-jang day
Thsi weekend
Then we talked about our jobs, habbit, marriages and so on.
We had several opputunity to speak English, but I don't speak it well right now. I am convinced I will speak very well in the future.
Within a few days 'time, we had to quickly switch to wearing cotton-padded jacketin.
I study very hard here because English is not my own languge.
A: I have a luch box everyday.
However, you enjoy hot meal threre?
I am watching Climinal Minds on TV.
I need immediat answers to these questions.
No one can live without peace, which means that the palestenians cannot live but only try to survive.
First I have to decide a specific goal, for example to pass one qualification, to teke an exam, or to get job.
Second I have to plan untel I achieve the level and I know I I have to do this thing in one year, so I have to start today.
It is most inportant that I continue that thing.
My small obgect is to go to an overseas university to study next June for 10 weeks.
My daughter's school is having a field day Tommorow.
I ate stuffed chicken sarsale (?) sounds like that.
I resulted in eathing too much.
I very much want to inprove my English
I love to play with friends, plus singing and dansing.
Could you tell me about your favorite music and singer?
Japan is the second biggest economy and the biggenst economy of Asian countries.
For example Japan is good at making vedio games so a lot of young people play video games and enjoy them. (enjoy video games)
In today's class, we talked about ``the unnessesary things in the world`` in English.
But I don't have any paln to go the sea.
Because I have too much homework and I also have a test for tomorow....
I'm working at a restrant because I need to pay the school fees.
I was ranning, dodging many pepole to get a boxed lunch at reduced price.
I have a running nose, but I don't want to see the doctor, because the medicine will make me more unconfortable.
To teach my students mathmetics.
If I didn't have it, I might have fallen behid.
But, I wonder if young geme lovers can understand them.
Today, a foreign friend gave some adviced to me.
He said, ``I just hope you can open your eyes to the posibility of meeting new friends.``
Today, we had a trip with my father's freinds.
My major is English language and literature, so I like English langage and literature,
I bigun to write in English daily.
Becouse I want to be good at English.
My teachers and my classmets never called me by my name and they always used to call me '' hergiin ezen 'which means toublemaker.
I was called a troublemaker becuase I was a boy who always used to get in trouble and got my classmets into trouble.
The journalist published a newspapar about the celebration of my school's 55th anneversary.
On the top side of the newspaper, there was an interveiw of our school director, but below his picture there was a picture of me peeing into teh corner of teh school building.
she was a young American womon.
I asked the person that the scary mails,,,, she said to me ``you dont need to be worried about it, and you should believe in yourselfe.``
Lang-8 has deeper communicateion, too.
Sometimes even companies have a kind of sport's day in Octover.
Do you have a such kind of day in your countory?
Reacently, I have taken box lunch with me to my work place.
We orderd lunch specials.
After I got inside the store, I wound up buying things I would never thought about buying berfore.
Unfortunately, my puppy hurt his left leg yesterday when he was trying to jump accross a bush.
But it is important to talk to earch other, well thinking.
baby are you donwn down down..
so0o leave it behaind cause we have a night to get away...
so0o leave it behaind cause we have a night to get away..
Koreans have a lot of fun cheering in the streer but today's match is too late.
the frist video and this second video are a litle bit different...
If poeple ask you do you know how to cook Pad Thai,
Now, I spoke to an American who lives in New York by caht.
I would like to help someone's deam to come true.
It's a fantasy and dremy.
BLESS JAPANESS
I hope the Japaness soon have peace. God bless you!
I think music is a beatiful performance, it's something essential, like a type of language.
* I would be gratefull if you could tell me how you express this because I really want to learn how to converse naturally.
It's so fun to play hier.
She said that it is a good site to study languege.
But I am requierd to write a dialy entry.
But, I'd like to be a programer.
The day before yesterda was Midsummer Day of the Ox.
I went shopping with my doughter.
People talked to my doughter becouse she was wearing a princess dress.
These groups cannot inherit if the prior rank inherts.
Oh ~ God, he changes his mind like a girl chanes clothes.
Even if I achieve that perpose, I will not be able to speak English, because paper tests evaluate only my reading and listening skill.
Studing peper tests don't help me speak English and learn English expression.
Studing language steadily is very hard.
I just looked up ``progress`` in an English-to-Egnlish dictionary called the Longman Dictonary.
I think it happend because I changed my diary's title style.
Winter is ending, and Spring is comming.
It makes me feel more powerfull and it's fun.
If you have betther idea, please talk to me.
My skin had a blotch, and it was abseced.
So they had to cut it open, and mundified it.
I appeiciated all of our members singing.
But scince I've returned to Japan, I have been drowing among huge amounts of information spoken or writtn in Japanese, and I recognize my brain is going to melt....
So, I decited to take action immidiately!
I will be very happy if I find lots of friend here to comunicate with and get achievement for my dull brain.
Speaking of the airport, I found out about a new ``ticktless system`` this time.
The media says that the public has the right to know about the private actions of famous people but the media does not have the right to ruin their familiy's lives.
I often eat out, such as at McDonal `s.
Now I'm watching a TV program about the Houbble Space Telescope.
Mein Vater ist beamtin.
My weakness is my impatient caracter.
I like to travles around the country to eat at famous restaurants.
Certenly, the dove is an emblem of peace.
The explanation about the exchage rate in cargo Insurance
In case you fill in foregin currency in the application sheet and requre the payout of Japanese Yen, the exchange rate to the payout is the rate agreed at the time of payout.
Please be advised ahead of time that due to exchange rate fluctions, the exchange rate at the payout may turn out to be less than the rate at the time of application.
Actually, writing this diary is the first time after graudating elementary school.
2 Whisper of a thrill, there is no sence living your life without it.
5 Okey, stay open.
Therefofe I will have to take a bath alone in the near future.
yesaterday, it was a little bit cold.
Today, I went to primary school for one teacher (physicl education teacher?
In a podcast program about how to wisely choose lite and free apps, I heard something wierd:
My topic of reserch is ``spider silk``
The reserch is difficult, but I want to study more about this silk!!
especially, I look forword to eat Temmusu that includs a fried shrimp into riceball:P
Konstantin could not slept with herr and came to me lol.
Therefore we (the emplyees) have to work late everyday.
So after Koizemi retired, the succeeding prime ministers (Abe, Fukuda, Aso) suffered from the poor legitimacy of Koizumi.
Later today, I'm going to trate my classmate to dinner.
Yutori education system failler
I suppose this is what the jornal's writer wants to achieve.
I used to use a dictionary for writing sentense in English.
I didn't want to make mistakes and I don't know a lot of vocablary.
I usually check my sentense with a/ my dictionary.
When I cook a new dish, I follow the reciepe for it.
but next time I couldn't make that dish again without the reciepe.
It's been a quite long time since I had a great time on Christmad day.
When I woke up in the moring, I felt that I wasn't in good condition.
My body's temperature rose up to 40 degrees and I kept caughing and sniffling badly the whole day.
It's unbelivable to be in good health condition after I missed Christmas day.
Even though I have no religion, I'll have to appreciate to God whenver Christmas is coming.
But my American thecher said ``No more freedom in America now``.
So many people in China throw away garbage anywhere and there are no rules of politeness and I just thought China is a freedome country.
Actually Japan is one of world's most polite countries, but there are so many unwritten rules that we have to keep, so I just don't feel that Japan is a freeedom country.
Because it brings me pleasure to speak English with foriegners.
They want to talk with Japanese people because they're livng in my country if they speak Japanese very well they want to live in Japane for a long time.
At noon a keyboard at Ningguo Jiangnan hotle had a problem.
Fristly, I would like to say ``Happy Chinese New Year`` to my friends in lang-8.
My mum gove me some money but I need more.
Active: I played valleball today
Passive: Veleball was played by me today
Active: I wash my dish befor I come here.
I've promised that I would go out with my frineds today.
On Sunday my flatemate and I cleaned the kitchen.
In addition, successful sportpeople/ athletes also make your country become better known all over the world.
During that time, I thougt the sky might darken to some degree, but it had not changed at all thanks to the clouds.
On the information page, a movie about Appolo 11 landing on the moon was broadcast.
I just watched the movie, ``Appolo 13,`` two days ago, though I didn't know July 20 was the day mankind first stepped on the moon.
I felt that the bussiness class is another world.
This menas, it has a different quality, different sentences, vocabulary, students 'attitude and class method.
What an influenceable pearson he is!
My kids and hasband saw Doraemon the movie.
Sadness, lonliness, there are a lot of feelings there and that I can't sum up in one word.
So my doctor examines me very cafully and reserch this illness enough before my consultation (appointment?).
Beginnig of May!!
I'm studing economics in university, and my seminar focuses on international trade and deveroping economics.
Today's topic was on Chinese inequality, then we debated about education, social security, and occuption.
The reason is that there is a correlation between inequality and education, so improving education in rulal area will help reduce inequality.
looks like a japanese comic charactor ``Black jack``
korean is a very good place.
but people have their own caracter.
I don't know why I couldn't open the website, but fortunetly I can open it now.
I am in the middle of the mid-term exam, and I feel like I did terrible on the first subject: Grammer. It is one of my weaknesses in English, but I really like my grammer teacher, she is very talktive and likes to gossip.
I bave to prepare for the debate.
I was so surprised becouse so many Koreans stay there, even Toront.
I read an article about Japanese school unifrom.
AL Chinese Langage and Culture
I really appreciate AL Chinese Langage and Culture because it is one of the tests to check our whole life skills in reading, listening, speaking and writing which we always use when we are a university student.
But I am very much disappionted with AL Chinese Langage and Culture in its culture test, testing our 'Chinese culture knownledgement' and 'Chinese culture judgement', which I find most hateful.
Carefully, there is a difference between 'Chinese culture knownledgement' and 'Chinese culture judgement'.
Testing your 'Chinese culture knownledgement' is based on what the famous Sophists say.
But testing your 'Chinese culture judgement' tests your judgement on using your 'Chinese culture knownledgement'.
This is my first point why I am disappointed with AL Chinese Langage and Culture.
Why do I need to use 'Chinese culture knownledgement' to comment on certain kinds of events?
hate Chinese Culture becuase I have relized that some of the Sophists 'theories are too' ideal '.
Although my teacher said the answers are correct in the right direction, no matter what you think, the answers are still always worng in two ways.
And two your answers go agisant what your teacher's thinking about.
This is the second reason why I am disappointed in AL Chinese Langage and Culture becuse you need to think what most of the poeple are thinking.
I found Lang-8 by accident, I still don't know how I was able to get into this website. But it is wonderful, because I found a new wany and new place to improve my English and German.
The people on Lang-8 are reallly warmhearted, I want to make friends with every one who loves and enjoy life.
Because hee knew that I have been studying English, he thought it was a good oportunity for me to speak English.
It was too difficult to communicate with foreigners, but I enjoied that time.
* Noth Ameria: US, Canada
Luckly, I was able to arrive home without getting wet.
techology and Environment
Specificially, instead of wasting our resources, a simple life/ lifestyle can help conserve non-renewable resources such as mentals, minerals, petroleum, and fossil fuels.
It may be tempting to argue that people who make theia lives too easy for themselves may also implicate potentially harmful drawbacks.
However, the denifits reated by technology far outweight its disadvantages.
I am going to Thilan soon...
My favoriate is Thai food...
In fact, this gentleman was also a business man and he had just finished some business negotiations and then took the trian to Shanghai.
Maybe when I go to university tomorrow morning it wiil be wet and there will be a lot of puddles.
And in the afternoon it wiil be raining again.
I wanna talk about the habbits of my company today.
Unfortunatelly, the meetings always take more than an hour.
What is worse, even though we have mornig meetings for more than an hour everyday, we have to give him reports, about what we did that day, before going home.
Some of my colleagues have gotten sick of those habbits.
As a matter of fact, I like to listen to him at th meeting.
I get a lot of bisiness tips from him.
The most important thing about English is to grasp the common vacabulary and the prenounciation of each word, which I am sticking to either.
Thyank you for reading my English.
I'm a buissines man in Japan.
Someine could help me how to use this site please? thakyou
I hope to make more friends who like studing foreign laguage.
I can't write or speak in English very wll.
Please look at my sentense and correct them.
First Messaege
I'm trying to stady using this sitets in English.
During a party this evening, I got stressed out because of the infinite reliabilty on my English capability from my boss.
I've been studying Englsh for two months.
I wish I could speak Englsh.
you can study any laungages you want.
I am going to see an animated moview tomorrow.
My daughter& I had the fle (type B) for two weeks.
Learning a langueage may be a good tool to make friends.
I am a little bit desprate because I need a epiphany or something else. My English skill is poor.
Today I spoke to a friend in oustralia
I want to wisit the school to pay my respects to my teachers but I couldn't,
It is my firt time to write a diary in English.
I think I am poor at English grammer.
All in all I think I become a more comprecated person when I speak English.
I decided to try it again next yaer. I have to go to the library again and stay there for 8 hours everyday.
I elased him on facebook.
I like eatting and siteseeing.
And surprisely, I noticed that today--August 13th, is International left-handers Day.
In my opinion, using whichever hand won't determine who a person is. Just let every unreasonable injustic disappear on the earth.
In my college in the Department of Communications, we have to do an exhabition in our last year in/ of university.
I feel reliveve
I'm not even sure what elderly people are nore what it means to get older.
Especailly gimchi is a very good food for our health.
realy, I haven't been studying it. So I hope you can help me.
Japan is very cold thesee days.
I don't want to spned a time shopping for something I don't want.
If there were no laws, we would kill each other and the weak wouold be victims of the strong.
If it is excessively or only viorent, people cannot have fun with it.
Therfore, all violent scenes are not always bad influences on people.
Humans are diffrent from animals.
That time, I forgot to trun off the gus with miso soup cooking and what was worse, I went to bed!
It is very unpopularly help others.
We don't understand how we can care about people who wii not return the kindness.
The most delicious way to eat vanilla ice cream is to pour a little barsamic vinegar on it.
After playing badminton, I went back around by bicycle for excercise.
Golden week was fineshed. I will go back to work tomorrow.
I'm so disappointed with foringners who are so rude even though they really don't have any idea about Korean history.
I reanlly wanted to go abroad before,
The biring day
I am chased by a lot of ploblems now.
As she is very friendry, she approached the other dog today, as usual.
``GD`` stands for ``Getting Diborced``
Truthfully, my parents are getting divored as they always argue about something, even in front of me.
So, this incident reassures me that I should get out my own country, Japan, since there is no place I can return to after I graduate from my college, but the real reason why I wana leave Japan has something to do with my big dream.
There, I have to give a speach.
If there are people who need seats, for example, an elderly person or a pregnant person, we shoulf give our seats to them.
Golden Week strated yesterday in Japan!!
But I couldn't have a paid vacation on 2 May because I was asked to perfrom some task on that day by my boss.
I wanted to go on a trip abroad during GW, but my wish wasn't realized beacuse of the above reason.
Their music is so emotional, but it contais lots of electronic sound and it's so fashionable and pop!
I will wash our colthes and make dsinner whth my daughatar.
Today, I went to Japanese Grammer seminer.
Of courese, I'm Japanese.
These days, many foreighers go back to their countries.
entrying to university, I enrolled at a university to decrease the chance of studying English completely.
I had a high fever, so I did not feel like any writing diary entries (now I feel better), so I'll start wrirting something again.
Because the academic atmosphere is not good and the basical laboratory equipment is insufficient and out of date, it is hard to achieve much progress and make discoveries in a short time.
I started working for a liqure company 11 years ago.
The first month of company life we studied in a factry and a sales branch.
Then he quit our company and enterred Waseda bissiness school.
Now he has graduated and started working for another liqure company.
2 other friends live in Tokyo after being/ working in ohter areas now.
I'm liiking foward to seeing them.
they mentioned a brand name that I had nerver heard of
This was a fn experience I had in the supermarket.
Some people mihgt tell me
I'm just lonly..
Althogh I am a little nervous, I will do this job as best as I can.
First, I will wellcome them in the entrance and lead them to a elevator.
``Nece to meet you, Welcome to our company``, ``Let me introduce myself``,
Now I am working in the bakery and learm how to bake bread.
I'm working at a flowre shop, and that is very hard.
I'd appriciate your corrections, but I probably won't rewrite this until I am able to write it correctly by myself.
When I learn more kanjis and feel more confortable, I will begin to post in Japanese here.
Beforehand, I'm gratefull for your corrections.
Nece to meet you.
They are suppoed to cast their own benefits and prejudices aside.
To make matters worse, the wind blew very strongly and bloken my umbrella!!
I know I love her; I konw she doesn't love me.
He doesn't konw.
From my perspective, this game's fantastic point is, using very realistic human avator for acrobatic movement.
I feel that, the central focus of Mirros Edge realistic body exsit in the ``body image``.
Mirror's Edge ``realistic body`` does not depend only on the grahical detail.
Avator's breath and the crashing sound is very real.
If the avator runs for a long time, the avartor start to become breathless.
Secondary avator (NPC?) action is not realistic, but the action variation is based on generall human action.
Most of avator's actions are possible for generall human.
[* Self Modify] Probably, these ``realistic`` functions do not equal a high-hiresolution graphics efficient.
Becouse my friend has his own car.
His driving is soooooooo CREAZY.
I have been eatting so much that my waist is bigger and my stamach is sticking out.
I don't konw why.: S
Some people maintain that attending art classes may borden kids 'horizon and enrich their knowledge.
He was mooned-face and there was brithness and lightcoming from his face like a sun.
She interpreteed the words as a promise he made.
Today I wandered around town and tried to take artistic pictures, but my pictures were mundane because not only do I have no clue about photograghy, I am also not good with artistic things.
To be honest, I'm still slightly confused on how to use Tumblr, but hopefully I will become good at photograghy and upload fantastic pictures!
I have studied painting for a mounth. I think it is difficult for me, the color is most difficult in paninting. These days, I think I make little progress in it. What a pity!
It is a big island located in the northen part of Japan. (I don't know whether the expression of island is correct.)
As a third-year student, I will be job-huntting after a year and I am improving my English level at the present.
Kyoto has some foriners who comes to sighseeing in Kyoto city.
There are bus teminal to some famouse spots in Kyoto.
I would like to help some foribers who are lost in Kyoto staion.
Blinds are the opoosite.
I'm styaing in Australia to study English.
I'm Japanse so I can teach you Japanese.
I drove my car in a main street when I found that it was hard to move and it was rainning at that time.
The heavy traffic blocked the street and thirty mintutes later, I left to look what had happend.
More than a hundred cars were blocked up at the crossing, the street was in choas.
and improper grammer.
Other than the internet I learn from apllications such as ``Windows``:)))) I need a lot of help becouse I find English a dificult language to learn.
That's because I had to get my bank card reissued; yeasterday's accident was not my fault.
I can't trust or belive anybody anymore.
Hey wait, so my loudlord tried to use my bank card?
Even if some hackers have great skills, is it possible to learnaPIN number without touching my walle or bank card?
From now on, I can focus on my study and job huntting.
Influenza is awfull for
Be carefull of infulenza everyone!
Kano and I went to Tokyo Disneyland the day before yeatersday.
Because it takes about 30 muinites from my house.
Nihongo no tanjoubi no uta wo imasen.
This shop sells various goods. For example: bowls, dishes, cutleris, bags, and plants.
In the past architecture was built big, new, and public. Today it has become small, re-bulilt, and private or commercial.
Although they are only primary school students, I found it difficlut to handle them.
There is still room for improvement of my trainning skills.
Wow, it was so hot in school! There was no air conditioner in our dorm, so it was a gret challenge for me to spend the whole night.
Since I've registered on this site, I've always been writting in Japanese.
I love learning Japanese but I think I shoud make better use of this site to improve my English writting ability as well.
All of my family became memebers of Lang-8!
It's a fun to write a diary in foreign languages, althought it would be a little bit hard to keep it up.
Sometimes I think they don't care about the garmmar, but I am kind of worried that they don't understand me.
On Monday, I failed in the rehearsal. I think it's gon to be a big challege to successfully play the role.
I'm not good at touching other peopel deeply, and I don't like touching the bodies of other prople.
(I thought so at a noursing home where my grandmother stays, and while I was caring for my grandmother.
but of course I care for my grandmother.) I can't do anything for other peopele.
I heard it is a litte famous in the world.
This comic has such a heartful story!
I hava an exam.
Secondly, I will work out very hard because I belive I have HIVD (herniated intervertebral disc) and scoliosis.
I need to do streching and take care of my health.
I don't want to fail to fulfill my resolution.
My mothere and I went out for a long walk.
Even though it was so cold that we were almost freasing, I felt really cool and refreshed.
Excercise makes people cheerful.
I am now planing to join a menber of*** as a trainees,
If I become a menber before Jan.
Wolud you mind telling me about making it in time, if I apply for a membership in a couple of days?
I also know that some of them have been became shorter which is good, therefore ``Heroes`` season 4 was denied to that only having around15 epsodes..
Ohayou Guzaimasu
-Philippine wa mou shichiji des.
Noyhing bad or lucky happened.
Mmmm... what should I do?
I'm studying about welfare. My hobby is readinfg books and looking at the bule sky.
Of cource, I like watching TV too.
But, now I have so many tasks about my stadying, so my days are so busy, which is a strange feeling.
To make matters worse, because the disaster-stricken area is very wide due to the huge Tunami washing away everything like main roads and docks. Also the uncontrollable Fukushima nuclear plant, severe shortage of gas, and the situation of shelters and hospitals in the disaster-stricken area are very serious.
It was writeen about her.
He flew to the sea and He was drowed.
I don't feel comfrotable.
I have a sipmle question today.
I'm hangry!
I know that many young woman have had breast cancer recentry.
I think this is becouse of bedbugs.
Although I wash my bed cover and bed sheet reguraly, so why?
So shiuld I change the mattress?
For Exsample, we played Street Fighter II which was made for PS2.
B) installed the software onto the desktop of A's computer, it seemed A was disappointed by B because the desktop was fiiled up with many folders.
A was angry untill I removed it!!
Nobady will notice that I ate one apple or I ate many apple.
I leant 'Gostop' which is a kind of Korean card game from my friend.
There were lots of rules and they were very hard to remeber.
Each card hace a diffrent score and it's very flexible? as well.
It was quite a strange time moment as it was my firt time to play Gostop
I want my English to be as good as my Chinese, which means whenever I see enlish words I can spontaneously catch the meaning of it.
My friend got a score of 850 on the TOEIC the first time, and 905 tthe second time.
'One' is pronounced as 'yi' in Chinese, and it is simial to the pronunciation of 'two' in Korean.
This space seems like a place to wirte a daily diary.
Pehaps we need to go back to the basics of this problem and assess the possible causes.
Furthermore, providing owns <--? criminals only adress part of this problem. So far there has been lift <--little? success in the war against sex crimes.
I thought, I shoul write something in the, ``About me`` section.
Perhaps I should do some grammar exersises for this topic.
I thought ``to get caugh`` is useful in a conversation.
It has been 10 years since I frist learned this language.
But, I found that Janpanese is much more difficult than English to learn.
temperatuer on the increase
since the temperatuer has been increasing very slowly and sometime even falling again.
3rd picture: At Ginkakuji (Ginkaku tenple)
I listend to some music.
My baby pressed the power butten repeatly.
Today, I tried to correct a diary which was witten in Japanese
I felt it was defficult to get up punctually and actually it was so.*
Oh yay, I'm afraid that after I write a few diary entries that I won't visit this website again,
and accidents offen happen, so I always pay attention in order to avoid them.
I saw a boy acrossed the road.
A man came and examied the boy.
Many people surrouned the accident looked puzzled.
About my work, there's so much works I have to finish within this month. I'm afraid I can't finish the mition that my manager/ boss gave to me on time.
Yesterday was a Ssunny day.
All of a sudden, it started rainning hard.
Personally, I think these girls are ridiculuous and their attitude towards life is too childish, it is so stupid to copy someone's style! So, returning to England, I can say it is a nice country with excellent traditions.
In Japan, many flowers strat blooming in March,
Spinach Salada.
There were two Myanmars and one Itarian in our group.
So I have my moments where I'm too carefull about my words.
Yet, I feel an invisible barrior which prevents me from posting my compositions.
I was surprised. I thought to myself, in this town, how could one possibly gather 8 unintersting people? (Except for me, of course)
But every time, I ended up dissapoint like today.
I had an appoinment at 9: 00 in the morning.
And I need to ues the money in the right way.
He is the most enthusiastic and enagetic person I have ever seen.
But once I tried to speak, my tung was twisted!
Fact: I went to a univercity and measured my maximal oxygen uptake during running.
They are second-hand Timberland tracking shoes costing 15000 sillings.
Also, many people say that the adoptation should only be allowed to heterosexual couples because children could be confused in a gay marriage.
Many pepople think that they are one of the favorites to win the World Cup.
Some weeks ago, Japan lost to Corea.
Why do young Amrican people say 'I love very very very crazy about him' in real English.
And I also want to tell my other friends if you feel bad about your body, go to hospital immediately, donn `t wait.
We will talk about many things today and have dilicouse food.
Too dificult.
Being honest Should be our obiligation in whatever we do.
But the realiy is not allowed us to choose right decesion.
There are so many things in the (wourld).
,,,,,,,,,,,,, maby.
He tugged onthe rope and pulled the bucket free, leaving a hole-a hole in the water!
The young couple married with fairy's consent and lived happly ever after.
How grolous it would be.
I ate a hamberg.
I immeddiately decided on what I should eat.
There was a picture of a delicious hamberg on the menu.
I ordered a hamberg and it came at once.
I would not feel better if I had been eating a hamberg for a long time
I was excited and full of convidence.
I wasn't until I found my driver that I realized I had left my backbag at the security checkpoint.
The next day, my cousion met up with her classmate at the World EXPO park.
I had to get up eariler to helped her prepare.
Althogh, I have to take two pictures of myself, I haven't prepared yet:(
When I was 14 (approximativly), I watched one of my first serials in English. It was ``Charmed``, an American serial with 3 witches.
So embarrasing
The class teacher wanted us to have a discustion with a classmate.
That's so embarrasing.
First, when I wanted to buy some street food or drink I always used the fidex and middle finger to show I needed two meals or two cups.
But they would show a thumb for one and the fidex finger together for two.
They were allowed to smoke in restaurent.
I talked on Skype with my friend who lives in Tokno now.
Although I wrote a related aricle before, I still think this topic is hard
Analyze: SWOT for Yes (For SWOT)
Analyze: SWOT for No (Against SWOT)
3) O: Everything still remail the same
And I didn't know that a Tunami has so much power.
Why were the Tunami's waves so much higher than expected? (predicted)
The winner can go to a Korean Univirsity for free.
In the afternoon I went to the palce where I was supposed to learn to drive, but the driving instructor wasn't there.
For privacy, my brother is teaching me to drive at nighttimes, and we paid
Trying to learn to drive a car is so dificulty, becuase it is about keeping safe in traffic.
We can't learn English conversation from either a proffessional
fureter.
I hope all of you have wonderfull days in 2009.
Christianity in the US acctually supports the Republican party in various ways; the party which love guns and wars rather than helping needy people.
I'm going to find a frend so that we can help each other learn languages.
Sometimes we get free tickets and go watch the other shows which are being performanced Las Vegas.
He is greate as well.
Recently, many unlcuky things have been happening to me.
rotaion this year, mailed me and asked me to report next week.
I went to a flea market with my frined yesterday.
Silvano was so patient wih me.
For example, I read articles on the internet or in a newspaper, listening conversation in a website for English lerners.
I help you improve your Korian
Furthermore, now I am interested in Japanease.
I will try to write in japanease in one day.
Though I expexted Miami would win, Dalas won.
So we feel very unfortable.
We are chollege students.
There is no need to warn us to be carefall.
So you can imagine how limited we felt when we had the tercher following.
It's verry good news.
I hope they will be rescused quickly and will stay alive.
Actually I stayed with them for about only one month but I am hapy being their friend:)
What a CRAZY bycycle!!
. Noisy politicion's public speaking 2
As you know I don't like politicion's public speaking, but there is one politicions that I want to hearn and that person is Junichiro Koizumi.
Now Tarou Asou is president who is known to give a fun speach.
Well, I've just now registrated to this site, and due to the excitement, I've decided to skip the next lesson, which is PE ^ ^
Today is the ``Setubun`` celemony.
It is the ``Setubun`` celemony in Japan.
I wished for my family's good health. ``Setubun`` means ``the day before the beginnig of spring`` in Japanese.
I finished my luch
I felt deprsssed beause of the weather.
I did not exercise beause of the rain.
I've just finished language school and started colleage.
I often talk with my friends from Europe on Skype, but I always forget English words and I cannot explain how I feel well:(It's very frustrating and I've been wondering if my Emglish is getting better!
We had a conversation for about 15 minites. She can speak Engish very well. Her English is probablyalmost perfect.
not again, oh my godness! I've only met a fewJapanese people who can speak a certain degree of English or Mandarin, but on the other hand there are lots more Chinese bilinguals in Sydney.
At the end of the lesson, my tutor encouraged me by saying ``You can do it, you already have good English skills. After you go to Singapore, you will probably have many English questions, but you can ask me anytime throung the Internet.`` I'm really grateful to him.
I want go, so I have to improve my English skills immidiately.
But it seems to measure spreaking skill, listenig skill, writting skill, and reading skill.
The tuters are students of Phillipin University.
Just keep stuyding. It's the only way to make my English good.
I was surprised that lots of foreign people were visitng there.
I have to strat working tommorrow! ^_ ^;
I didn't know why, but I had a sexually transmitted desease and everyone invited me to hang out.
They are related to death like euthanasia, patient's right to know about their terminaly illness, cloning etc.
It's a very contravercial issue even for native English speakers and actually it doesn't have any answer.
Like Tsunamis, earthquakes, tyhoon or meteorites?
It will be a center-exam of Japan tomorrow.
Today the movie ``Summer Wars`` was browdshowing on TV in Japan.
It's too broublesome!
My sister and I made cookies yeaterday morning.
I made up my mind to listen to English songs and watch English moives.
Suan falls in love with him.
News that an intruder had breached the security of Wisteria Lane spreads like wilfire.
I borrowed it from a frend who likes comics
In Germany, a genius Japanese doctar Tenma had seaved a boy's life by operation.
Unfortunately, Johan was agenius who can think of killing without siginificance to human life.
Tenma learned about the facts, he felt that hewas responsible because hesaved Johan's life when Johan was childfood.
MONSER is one of populer comics in Japnan.
I even thought anything would do as long as it wsa a kind of living thing.
Recentry, I've been very very busy.
So I want to see a lot of my faborite movies and spend time relaxing!!
to sucseed in the event....
I went to Creer Prospects in International Business last week.
Omgsh, this morning was awefull!
I was soo hungry that I could hardly see!
I had taken my antibiotics but I was in such a hurry that I forgot to eat something, I tought I would buy something once I arrived.
In geography there was the rivality between China and Japan, or the French economy.
I chose Asian decolonisation and the rivality between Japan and China.
I tought, did I really go through this much trouble?
Last day, it was rainning day,
Within such a short span, I visited Wasgington D.
Know Now I can understand the teacher in the Foundation, becauseBrendan helped me a lot in litening.
After I had to go back to my univerisity and wait 1 hour (until OR for) my next
How can I trnaslate this?
But my vocabulary is too poor to traslate the meanings of this.
In that class, I learned about a strainge concept: that perception is not the re-creation of reality but the constructing of an image.
Furthermore, the illusion of sight is the resullt of the brain's activity.
The Professer said that the brain copes with information from the outside through sensory organs, and makes the image, which is easier for us to understand.
Therefore the image I'm seeing is not the real bojects but the image constructed by myself.
The poor gamer's budy days.
I saw my younger sister reading Horry Potter this morning.
I read that noval a long time ago.
It was very magic and redicious.
Befor semester, I joined the magic clob in my university.
I often listen to the alubm ``In My Own Words`` by Ne-Yo.
I am lonly. (I feel lonely)
Becaused of work, I have been working over 12 hours a day for mabe 2 weeks. It's really very exhausting!!
The weather was a little bit hot, but I could conmplete the play.
My socore was 91 (45. 46).
However, my listening and speaking are still the same, and I tried to improve it by listening to music with lyrics and watching movies with English subtitles, and I have a lot of friends from diffirent countries, and I speak with them a lot, but I still have some problems with explaining what is in my mind.
I'm the engeneer in the manufacturing department.
My faborite musician is Kobukuro, a famous Japanese band.
Whatt's up?
Besides after school lessons, most shools let students play there until around 6 P.
These boys kept threantening us.
Busterd: ``Hey I am asking you, don't ignore me, do you have money?
Busterd: Huh?
Busterd:...
When I prepared to fire it, the wind was so strang that I could not do it with a lighter.
When I was reading Newsweek magazine, I came across the following sentense.
Of cource I did work on lerning English in other ways.
Now, English is very important to me because I need a jod and money.
If I dont learn to speak englisg, I won't find the job.
Fireworks are to be held tonght in my town
In Japan, on the 29th of April it was a pubulic holiday.
That was the Enperor's Birthday Showa.
One cup of yogurt, two cups of milk and one tea spoon of haney.
I lost it last thirsday in Tokyo on my business trip.
Many reserchers argue that due to the genetic similarity between humans and animals, experiments can help us discover the cure to fatal viruses and diseases.
So I went to the school for the first time by bicycie.
I'm interested in foreign countries and their culcures.
I don't use English in my ordinaly life,
Yoy know Russia is big.
Next, the phone was taken by another classmate, he told me that he really thinks that I should talk to the teacher to see if ther's anything I could do to fix it.
Because I didn't do the porject well, and my final presentation was not okay.
Ohhh, what a relef!
So, I hope I really can help her and teke care of her.
Fistly, I want to meet with my friends from high school.
Secondly, I have to wriht many letters called ``Nengajo``.
I have not wrihtten any Nengajo yet.
There are more than 100 letters that I have to wriht.
An Eectronic dictionary is a tool for learning English.
It is just a machine that is use for translation, and sometimes it is not a percise machine. (It was my homework, please figure out the mistakes in my composition.)
It's really intersting and
I'm having a Charry blossom viewing party on April 5.
But we haven't decided a pleace.
I've been stuying english for something about four years, but still having difficulties with the language.
I started stuying english because of my parents.
In a first momento I really hated the idea, English was terrible to me.
just another thing: I started germain classes today and I'm really loving it!
However, I will try my best to write more eassy here:)
Unfortunately I lost my wallet and I looked for it for harf an hour.
It was really exciteng and interesting.
I went to a desert island and ate a lot of crab and shirimps!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wao!!!
I will write dialy as much as possible.
Please help me studing.
He was totally exausted so he was sleeping when I called.
Pleasseee be My Friend and teach me English.
However, people often say to me ``You look like a half-beed!`` I think that's because of my brown eye color, but I'm a natural Japanese.
I need to wake up early tomorrow because of my frined's part-time job.
My wife took me to the ``Cirque Du Soleil theater Tokyo`` for my birthday present.
The theatre is near Tokyo Disney Land. It was built especially for the famous gloup, Cirque Du Soleil.
During holydays, I sometimes play analog games with my friends.
Tom Chruise acted very well.
I don `t speak English because it's very diffculty. I think I speak very good englsih, but I don` t really-when I meet my friend, we only say `hello' and `hi'.
Today, I woke up at 8: 00 AM, drunk cofee, watched TV.
When I write a diary entry, I read vocabllary books.
Do you know Nagano? Do you know Nagano Olympics in 1998? Nagano is a famous plase.
For Forexsample, Zenkouji! It is a very old shrine!
Would you serch the Internet? It is a very big shrine!
In 1992, I went to Thiland to meet my famiry.
I am part Japanese, Thai and Chinease.
My older brother lives in Tailand.
Labor Festvial is a big holiday in China.
At college I have a lot of time to study and play with my classmates, but we are not always togther.
Today my math teacher told us about Furby in the class.
He feels vexed so he forsed it to eat (by touching its tongue) even it when it says ``I'm full!``.
recently, I have become interested in Korean dorama.
But evetually I got throught it and we made dericious ``Japanese mugwort rice cake``.
In the middle east of Asia, they've had a truce between Isralis and Palestanians.
Hallo!! (Hallo is German!:P)
Till now, I think that difference betwwen 'see' and 'look' is whether it includes actor's purpose.
It's elegant and gorgeous, I'm paracticing often:)
If you're sick or get wound accidently, that means you have to spend valuable time during the day waiting inside of the hospital.
There are so many trobles in our life such as family, friends, love and so on.
I'm confiednt of my ability to work for myself.
I love music ang watching movies.
What is the difference bewteen them?
I know some of them pretty well, 'cuz they live my labo.)
``The proffessors have the title' Prof. ', we put Prof.
So I asked them to put the tilte ``Agent``.
(Wie soll ich die umlauten schreiben?)
They were in the same stuation as me of having a hard time communicating with Australians.
I finally could communicate with Australians because I got uesd to and gained confidence in my English.
I have enough money to go to Australia but I am a litte affraid of the swine flu.
Swine flu has prevented me from to going Austalia....
We enjoy trips during vacaion.
What are your school assaignment like?
How long are your essey?
I'm not as fascinated of it as she is (it would be difficult:P), but I enjoy beatiful paintings from romanticism and photorealism.
Please correct my English with the propriate words.
My friend asked me to write a draft to ask the university in Carifornia like below.
I have not confirmed that my degree is eligible to enroll in your school and sit for the bar exam in California, howerver, Hiroshima University is one of top Japanese national universities.
As for wiriting essay skills, I'm planning to receive support from a local English school in Japan and I want to try to polish up my writing skill enough to pass the bar exam in California in the future.
I mean I prefere autonomous distance learning, is that an option through your school?
Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions, I realize that my English wiriting skills are poor
For our honeymoon we went to Torkey.
This was the first time I went to Tarkey.
Farst, I went to Istanbul.
I thout so.
I was surprised and also shooked to hear that.
Like Brundi?, Singapore, Korea, and also Brazilians from Nagoya orefecture, (There are a lot of Brazirians in Nagoya.) and I was very happy because I could get to know them and became friends with them.
They are so carm.
The Brazirian are in high spirits and I were happy to be in each other's company.
I admit I had overslet one time... Just one time?
I'm always nervous when I have to speack in front of many people.
They're sitting there straing at me and then I forget what I have to say...
And thanks a lot for cerrecting it...
I'm going to live with a guy from Tiwan this momth!
I can live with a guy from Tiwan!
So, football could be world wide sports compared to other spoerts.
I was so shocked because it was a tortally misunderstanding, so I explained it carefully, but she still didn't calm down.
My careless behavor might have upset her, but I thought the focus of her anger was not the main subject we were dealing with.
However, this earthquack was too strong and brought a 10-meter-tall tsunami.
The earthquack was 8. 9 on the richter scale.
The biggest earthquack in Taiwan was just 7. 3 and it made us lose a lot.
It's hard to imagine what became when a 8. 9 earthquack and 10-meter-tall, 3km per second tsunami happened at the same time and the same place.
If it was in Taiwan or if I was a Japaness, where would I be or where would I be standing now?
It's rainiing sometimes, but the next day the whoke world becomes so green.
It's wendy today!
But sometimes it is a little hot and wendles.
We chose classes by cumputer.
We needed to remember the class number to choss classes.
For a long time, I haven't logined into my account of Lang-8.
Two shoolboys began to play agame to warm their body's.
I took a trip to Tokyo Disny Resort with my boyfriend.
hello everyone, today is my first time to use this webside.
I found this webside to be very useful.
I'm 20 yaers old.
They speaks English fluently, but his boyfriend especially has a maevelous talent for languages.
like spending time in domitory (sharing room with friends), playing seasonal sports and learning about other cultures at that time.
That's why I dicided to write a diary or something on ``lang-8``.
Recently I've watched 'Star Trec-Voyager' to improve my listening skill.
But my English teacher recommended me to watch 'Star Trec-Voyager' because the actors and actress speak clearly.
I want to write entris on the trip to Malacca, but I don't have enogh time to write.
I will be glad if will you correct these sentenses!
It seems like I'm writing mothly journals repeating ``Long time no see!``
The connection to the web browser is in VERY poor condition inside the dormitory where I am, so it's difficult to enjoy web suffing.
My old PC is borken, so my mom bought me a new one.
Doing volunteer work that helps some exchange students to study Korean, I realized that Korean grammer is too difficult to learn, which make me wonder how I learned Korean without any difficuly.
He came to the university to receving that costume from the store.
So here I'd like to study techical English and make new friends (fram all over the world, but it seems to only be a dream).
He corrected it and tought me about the word ``appointment``.
We are going to buy some somthings for her and go to northern Thailand to congratulate her.
It has very widly& beautiful scenery, and the food is more delicious than anywhere else. In particular, the seafood is delicious.
I read in the news that sushi is a popular food around the world. I will take the chnce to eat sushi when I go abroad.
Each of them got a prize at the photo contetion for tram cars last fall.
Actually Roh-bai is not the same as Ume but very simular to Ume.
Japanes like Ume fully blooming on Februaly after the Roh-bai flower fell out.
However the answer was ``no`` so I opend the door, but middle aged woman in green shirt was sat down on the toilet.
I interviewed in Tokyo last Tuseday.
Anywey I don't have a lot of time to live in Korea.
Today, it is a beatiful day.
In Japan Saint Valentein's Day is the day for men to present chocolate to their lovers.
But we didn't have a Christmas party recentry.
Have a nice Cristmas Eve!
I sterted the Twitter.
It is an action movie about the conflict between Betman and the Joker.
Betman represents justice.
Christian Bale plays the role of Betman and Heath Ledger plays the role of the Joker.
I had been doing nothing but sutudying for my university entrance examinations for a whole year.
Then, this spring I tought in this spring ``I shoud work!
though I had been given a scholarship untill I dropped out of the university that I had been at before.
Today, I thougt that money is more precious than ever before!
Many of the people who gathered at the park were holding flowers to show their sympathy for thos who died in the massacre.
The last three problems were really covoluted.
the following sentece...
Today my coworker tald me about a Korean singer.
I also beleive in Chinese fortune-telling as well as Tarot cards and blood types.
For me, I live a life with a contradiction of modern technology and the old-fashioned ancient knowlege.
I plan to go somewhere to see the cherry blosom.
(But they aren't canser)
I have had some chenges lately.
Fitst, my spoken English is very pool, so I think I should speak more with foreign teacher.
I should also look back the old knoledge.
For this exam, I must have a good grade, It matters my Englishe Band Four.
I'm so lonly, because he supported me.
He said ``Let's cure th illness together.``
I'm so lonly.
So I hope some day we can meet again in heavn.
That year, The Sydney Mornign Herald and the World Wide Fund for Nature conceived the idea which was observed/ celebrated in Sydney as well as in some other Australian cities, followed by other cities around the world.
Because I inted to change my rooms interior.
Recentry, I am interest in Northern European kid's room interior.
Recentry, I am interested to go to Korea, China, and Europe!
I've been to Korea, Singapore, NY and Austraria.
This is my very first dialy, I'm quite lazy, but I really want to improve my poor English so I'm thinking to write every day,,,, as much as possible, so please check them!
If I keep using my iPhone like that, I'll develop bad helth.
But actualy, my iPhone used me!
Please give me some agood advice.
Drinkong an alcohol beverage?
Riding a creazy ride at an amusement park?
What about taking a bath in hot bathturb?
You may pass out due to the creazy hot, spicy taste.
I've decided to travle around (in) Europe when I do my masters degree in the UK.
Among these, two of them are Safco Field and Yankee Stadium in America.
My grandfahter cut the rice plants in large quantities with a reaper (photo 1).
Apart from that, I can amuse myself because these days cI have a bad mood.
I was really disappointed in myself and feel sorry for my parents coz I `d been studing very hard for the test and they invested lots of money in me, like hiring a private teacher and letting me go to cram skool, but I still didn't do well...
its a kinda english test with 4 sections: spearking, writing, listening and reading for people is who are studying english as a second language.
I dont feel like studig anymore.
well the test score realy discouraged me.
``Likely I will continue,`` another person said. ``Cigarettes are part of my life and I can't abanden them unless I die.``
In Japan, a lot of resterant are starting to offer hot pot dish.
I found this website on the enternet.
Please collrect my sentence if I make a mistake.
Some exparts say that a lot of natural resouces have not been found yet and also it will give us the opportunity to start business!!
Hoding your hands tightly, my heart would burst into fragments.
I have been working for 1 year and I have learned a lesson-I lack of counage, which is a disadvantage when I was doing work.
But many times my friends have told me: ``You don't look like the (conservative) kind of person!`` Becuase I usually take it easy when I'm with them.
Life sucks without true love, and I msut learn what should I do to find the zeal for my work.
It couses a thunami.
What do you think about this catostrophy?
In short, it is okey that we use 2000 kanjis.
I am reviewing the German cultur
NYC is a very very exciting, amezing, beautiful city.
Comming soon!!!
A few hours ago, I read an article about Winston Churchill who is the most famous prime minister in Britsh.
I want all the friends have a happy time in this lovely internation social network.
Please be my freinds.
My car has a sheet of ahes on it.
For example if you don't take Math or Biology you cant go to medcal school (I dont wanna be a docter or surgeon so I want to drop it anyway ^_ ^). Well it's a difficult decision but I have plenty of time!
Because of this, I'm sing have less opportuny to study.
I want to recover my diligence without rejecting my friends 'imvitation.
My favorits
Today, I will write about one of my favorits things.
Comiket, Comic market or KOMIKE in Japanese pronounce, is a kind of market place dealing popculture andit is theworld's biggest festival for amateur artists and manga-fans.
'Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!', she shouted suddenly and ran into living room, and she said that some blak object fell.
It was so yammy.
After I have finishd the class I will ask you to join and learn Thai with me there.
Why can foreign peaple speak Englsh?
I conceal my feelings and emotions uncousiously.
Also my wife and I have a bit of the cold so we are taking many vitamin C saprimment.
We had having a special couse menu as below,
Of couse it was very delicious.
Although I didnn't know exactly who he was.
Where I work, there are lots of real bilingals who make me envious.
my englisg is very bad, I need to learn it, very fast, some ideas?
Do you knou ``Fantasista``?
Futhermore, ecotourism, whose business takes advantage of the wilderness, may have harmful effects on it.
I love to exesise.
So I descided to do some exesises for my helth during summer vacation.
The course for students is inexoensive.
For this reason, I discided to use this gym quickly.
My body will change in thie summer when I keep training.
Thus, what I shoud do is to get used to the current life and rhythm.
It is so confortable that I am not willing to wake up.
Many of my friends spend a lof of money going to a cram school for English.
But to be honet, it was totally funny and fun. haha.
I sware to read English everyday.
I sware to read English everyday, because my English is too poor.
It's embarressed me and I noticed that it's time to improve my English...
By the way we went to animal hospital to vactinate my ferrets.
I ordered a ticket to Arch Enemy's concert through the Internt but I haven't gotten an email confirmation from the company.
Acutually, I knew that already but I wanted to study etymology anyway.
Today, I had a three hour lecture on political science, amd a theree hour lecture on world histry
A few days ago, I started to translate Machiavelli's ``The Prince`` from English to Japanse.
I feel as if I'm decoding a cipher when I translate. Well, I don't know if this comparison is right. ``What does this sentense mean?`` I repeatedly think and imagine the meaning.
It is very cothic and makes me think about ghosts.
I was taking some photos of the church iyself, and of me next to this church, but this photo is the best one for me becouse it creates jouful emotions in my soul and heart.
Let's write about Joni Michell, one of my favorite musician.
The occation of the first meeting to her music was in my boyfriend's CD rack those days ago.
A musitian and a painter.
My mother took us to the station and I took the trin.
It was lovery, wasn't it?;)
There were many stands there that sold vgetables. Past tense.
The street there was made of blicks.
I think I lack knowlage and reading books would help me create my own idea or anything.
I had finished reading ``Wuthering Heights`` yeaterday.
Althouth it is a small and characterised by its long heritage, Yangzhou is flourishing and becoming more and more flourishing.
An industrail park has been built just beside/ next to the old town, where many new high tech companies are booming.
When people realize that they can develop careers in small cities, large cities like Beijing and Shanghai may be relieved of some burdern.
I run every night to reflesh my body and mind (?).
in order to reflesh my body and mind.
Back then, I always ranninng before dinner.
I only have a datebase in my PC.
After that, I did my homework til 10 a. m. After doing my homework, I started cooking and had lunch with my roomate (s).
Yesterday, I had my withdom tooth pulled out.
The exam on history of Rossia was very difficult.
I expect a lot from my new life at univercity.
This is a foto of my class =))) Only girls as you see =D
We eat grilled beaf, chicken and vegetables.
I have studied English for eight years and I usualy talk with my friends in English.
So, if anyone would like to teach me proper phrases, I'd be most apreciate.
First off, I went to headquater where I got heartwarming welcome from all the people on the staff, including the section director.
Maybe this is commom sense but it always annoys me...
I saw three other cruise ships thet were different to yeaterday.
Prime Ministar
Members of Hatoyama's cabinet were intruduced in today's newspaper.
He looks earnest and persivering.
The economic bubble burst suddenly, and that effect spread quiculy all over the world.
From his official web site 'HIFUMIYO', he has traveled to many countries, and seems to have become a socalist.
He criticises capitalism incisively (particulary in Amrica) on his site.
I have been studing English for about 5 years, but, it has not worked.
I'm trying to learn gramatics, words, etc.
Everyone's help is welcom!
Because of th school garden party,
I teach undergraduates Arcitecture at my university.
I teach Descriptive Geometry, a kind of drawng.
I sometimes use some pieces of paper or solid models which I made for them, beause it's hard to describe things somtime by only speaking.
I jogged only on the weekend, but I think it has a little effect in decrese my weight.
It's been so long time sice I wrpte sonthing the last time.
Please crrect my poor English sentences.
The daughter which will arrive first of all will arrive early next Tursday morning.
I think I only enjoy being with them such as rioght now.
The Japanese landlady was going to England to celabrate Christmas and Ner Years day with her family members and husband's relatives.
Deschanel one of my favorite actresses.
I've seen an aquaintance use this phrase before, but I wasn't able to understand the usage.
To enter that high school I should get a good grade on this midtern test which is next month.
I am looking forward to hearing thier new sounds.
Despite embarrasing, the Russian people, who get by in foreign languages, pick them up with a great pleasure and are ready to help you find your destination.
At last, I finished writting about my last Seoul trip.
But she really likes Enlish, and speaks almost exclusively in English.
Unfortunately my school field trip has been postphoend.
That trip is sceduled to go on Ang.
So, It may be all diffrent.
And, I encountered whay I feel cute. (not meaning sexually)
I drank orange juse.
And it `s gonna take a few more minutes for us to neally clear up our heads.
I should have eaten a balanced diet with prenty of vegitables and gotten some exercise, but it's too late now.
Hope that I will be admitted to the HUK.
I'll watch 'THE PRODUSERS' next.
Yesterday, I went to two museums: Quai Branly Musuem and Paris City Museum of Modern Art.
This is my favorit movie
I recomend you go see it.
Now I'm faced with the prospect of studying alone abroad within 2 years, without hearing my familiar mothe tongue, without my boyfriend or friends, and maybe becoming overweight and lonely.
She said that ``I can't walk a step, not to mention running, cbecause my Ipod hasn't been charged``.
Meanwhile reading professional text books written in English is also in my schedual.
I think my ability to write English is worse than before because I didn't any write journals in Engilsh. Of cource the same goes for German.
Ah, they were very strict with me growning up and, um, I used to have to sit at the piano for hours to practice.
Ah, when I was younger I, um, bresented my mother for this discipline, but when I turned about eleven years old, I was very grateful to her.
I was probably better at piano than I am kown.
You can see there are a few books but a lot of wood meterials.
Not only humman being but, also animals too.
but I know he has such kind of charactor.
As for me, I always use English-Japanese dictionary and trancerate to Japanese because it is the faster way to understanding what is the meaning of words.
Please judge this sentense.
It seems very crazy. When I play majon, I get a lot of money.
in other words, I make moeny.
The reson seems bad.
Could somebody think of adjectives which do not have superlative nor comperative forms?
One of my favorite English teachers wiil leave the school at the end of next month.
Hello, evryone!
We met my friends cusin and her friends in new york during weekends.
We were able to stay at her cusin's friend's hotel so we payed less than the usall cost.
when I see more things I often feel that I could contral them.
What (Which food is famos during the winter in your contry?)
Helo,
People please help me out here, sometimes I have mindsome doubts about how to use the words (up and out) after verbs. For example: clean up, check out, coming up, carry out, etc.) I don't know how to explain but sometimes I can't understand the meaning of the words that come (up and out) after some verbs. Can you guys tell me?
Our hula impressed many sinior very much.
Above all, ``Heal the world`` by Michal Jackson was surprisingly asked for an encore!
I was always flitened when I heard this music.
FUJIYAMA is a rollar coaster.
FUJIKYU HAILAND has lots of rollar coasters.
I don't like rollar coasters, but I went there with my friends.
It's called Rarmen in Japan and is very popular.
Rarmaen has many flavors.
They are soy sourse, soybean paste, salt, and tonkothu.
I like tonkothu the best, becauze it's poplar in Fukuoka, where I use to live.
Tonkothu soup is made from the poak, and the taste is rich.
The last Japanese food I ate in Japan is tonkothu rarmen at Nagoya airport.
My sore throut was cured, but I have a hadeach and a fever.
Are you familiar with Riverdance?
Riverdance is an Irish tap dance.
My sore thoroat has not chonge.
The hero in the story isn't the typical character in korea dramas.
My hobby is watching Ameican soap operas.
Watching Americna soap operas really help me to study English.
I'll watch 'Desperate ousewives season 3', next.
I'm travling Mie now.
Trick or theat
I want to know if this is a correct sentence or incorect sentence.
But I am Istill waiting.
So, I want to go abrod to learn how to prepare foreign food.
Charo is an Eglish learning program by NHK, a Japanese broadcasting campany.
The radio version is little bit longer and more difficult because it has more datails.
The cartoon and book are good for me and my daugther.
When I get tired of studing English, I just listen to the story.
That's why I believe It is the best brogram.
Now I'm watching a football game, and I'm reluxing.
It was about the ages from highscool to university.
I basicaly agree with this thought.
I'm very busy everydey because I'm preparing for Koshosai.
Would you correct my grammer
Please contact me, and beaome a friend.
I wonder if I should update the farmware of the wireless router.
They were delicious and awsome!!
I have a long hair and blue light eyes. I'm tall 1. 63 cm maybe; my fisical is normail-thin... bhe I hope to learn something from your corrections...
Vangard Princess
He is a MacGyber.
This week is the Buddist Lent and get one day off on Monday.
I'm currently on matanity leave, since Sep 2009.
I love steaks so Australis is HEAVEN.
I know some of my frieds work about 14 ~ 15 hour day.
I went to the 2010 Iwate Art Festa at the Iwate Prefectural Art Musium, with my friend.
I got the pen and a postcard at the musium shop.
I have meny hippopotamus goods.
Mid-term exam day, family's birthdays, writting contests...
This year, my mom wants to get an eletronic bible.
life consists of many trivias things, and those things built up life.
I bougt it a few years ago.
But I had forgitten I had bought it!
Last night, I notice the card and I trid it.
The card was wtitten in perfect message for me.
I wrote many New Year's cards to my friends and relitives today.
Here in Japan, New Year's cards are really popular. On the other hand, Cristmas cards aren't as popular.
You know, it's the most famouse American animation.
We Japanese speake English, I hear like Words of Space.
I'm so exgusted, I just finished teuk kong mu sool which is called martial arts?? (I don't know how spell it,,,)
I had highking on my neck by the guy who is 5 years youger than me,,,
I think that forigner are open minded to everybody, so I can make friends easily.
Now I'm learning English and Polish at the uniwersity.
Unfortunaly, you can't understand the [useful?] of the song if you don't speak french because the lyrics create the [variation?] (but listen to it anyway ^ ^).
Everything in the outside world was scarey to me, and I could not move at all.
He is 9 years old now, and still bilieve in Santa Claus.
I must change to Sant Claus in secret at midnight.
Lately, my parents always conplain about my learning schedule.
I feel jerous!
A screw is dificult to take off and took about an hour.
There weren't many biycicls.
A lot of big and high bildengs were there.
The hotel we stayed was gorgase.
Then put in the backpack and we climed the mountain.
And in the tarin I came across a man and he asks me what train Jhon got on.
What I came up with is, ``(Jhon got on) The train earlier than this by two trains.`` Does it make sense?
I recieved a telemarketing call today.
Nowadays, I recieve them evry day.
I haven't put my coat away in the drower yet.
I'll sleap now.
Janualy 14
ideal: What's the ideal educational style for Americam people? (for?)
basic: I thought I needed to study basic English grmmer.
Funish!:D
Otukaresama Everyone! XO (btw how do you say Otukaresama in English?)
Unfortunatelly, this weekend was very warm, spring is coming early.
It cosisted of two parts.
In the second round, Manny Pacquiao, the pride of the filipino, K.
Yesterday, I read a documentaory about the ``blood diamonds`` or ``conflict diamonds``
The diamonds which from the civil war countriy was called conflict diamonds, or blood diamonds.
But in 2003, diamonds company, civil society group and governments around the world began an effert to stop the trade in coflict diamonds.
The diamonds from the civil war countriy will not be sold in the international market.
Although there are many illegal diamonds traders, they bought the coflict diamonds.
Because it is the frist time that I went on a trip with my boyfriend, I was so excited.
If you visit KOREA, I strongly recommend visiting geo-je-do (there are many fasninating spots).
I have to preapare for the class and I have new students whose names I should remember.
April or Spring is the time when I'm very busy worring about a lot of things....
So, I would like to be find a lanage exchange partner
My owen dream acrooss the sea.
I and my friend went to nearby lake and we swam and walked in forest:) There are many trees:D and it's green and brown:) At this lake there is a beatiful beach.
We think we want to stabilze our salary.
I think companies have a responsibility to stabilzing our salary.
I have to work until at 6: 00 and than I going to the English Academy from 7: 00 until 8: 00 and then I will go take care of my daughter at my mother in law's hause.
That will hel him/ her cultivate the ability to concentration.
I am not the kind of person who would want to be a professional housewife; however, I feel happy every everytime I make the house clean and tidy.
I felf very tired and stressed, but it was very interesting.
That's suprising isn't it?
'A person whose neme is written in this notebook shall die.'
deu to the movie ``Notting hill``
What is cultural? It is defined as the civilization and customs of a cretain race or nation.
How can we aviod it?
It's easy to assume that there must be a scramle and I'm not used to doing things like that.
I love The Stiff Dylans 'ver.
Readin practice
What a stupid introduciton lol.
It is really difficult even for me as a native Jaapanese to get used to it.
to begin as a beginer
but I just wated 15 minutes.
Hi =))) I want to comtiniou my favourite dorama list!
I was shoked so badly after I watched this dorama!
Ok, to be cintinued... =)
Yestoday, a T-shirt was enough.
Before I go to bed, I should prepare my bedquilt. If I don't, this evening I won't sleep well.
Today I recive 4 clothings that I bought form taobao.
He diagonize him with a cold.
He is crancky, so I have to hold him all day.
I started learning the use of the Excel apprication on the first day of this month.
I spent 9 months in Machester with my host-family so they've become like my real family!
Just went to the gym, and as usual I am woring now.
Go straight along Peter Street and take the second turnig on the right.
Then, turn right and go along the road until you get to Picadilly Circus.
I had a lot of nightmares last night, because I watched the horror movie ``ghost ship`` befor going to bed.
And I'm a biginner in Chinese.
Now I'm taking calss called Children's Literature.
We are planning to repaper the walls, redo the floors, and chage the cabinets in the kitchen.
It's named Bianki.
Bianki is an Italian maker.
What's the differnence between them?
``Gheimeh`` is a kind of ``Khoresht``; ``Khoresht`` is a meal that consists of meat, vegtables, and beans or grains.
Becuase of this use, some people called ``Gheimeh`` a dead people's meal.
In the next stage peel and cut tomatoes and fry them; you can also cut some mashrooms and a green pepper into small pieces and add them to the frying potatoes, then add salt and red or black pepper to the mixture.
First of all, spring semster has come and I'm taking some classes,
However, my speaking and writting socore wasn `t good.
My colleague's speace was so impressive.
I ate Ayu, rever fish in summer, tofu, waite beans and sashimi.
This photo is of a place where I usualy go fishing.
These raboratories contents have many subjects and they are hard.
I have just finished my SPM which is the exam that must be taken by the 17-year-old studddents.
After that, some of my friends are goin to persue their studies in colleges and universities.
There were los of friends ^-^
When my room is tidy, I feel more enegetic.
Today, I counsulted the agency who are involved with students studying abroad.
The counseler said that it wouldn't be usefull to study abroad for only 2 weeks.
I stay with an Itarian family in Canada.
Refernce book
I Bought shose.
I've alwalys wanted to buy shoes to wear for spring.
I bought songs by Ann Triskel at the iTunes stoer.
whithout a title
Can it be insteresting?
But the Tenprature was terreable,
Becase summer starts in a week.
When we arrived at the aquqrium, we were very tired
We are not given any time for debet or questions.
So he is not populr with students.
A month has passed since the big earthquke has hit Japan.
All we can do is to keep doneting money to them and spending money to buy goods from the regions suffering.
When someone ignor me, I'm hurt.
I think being hurt is not bad, it's sometimes neccessary.
A hot day! The tempreture is 35 degrees.
How I wish I can stay at home fowever!
If I had enough money, I would buy many bags and clothers, but I didn `t have enough money.
Beacause I must save a lot money to change my car.
I have stayed home almost every day sinse summer vacation began...
I'm an entorepurenur in Japan.
Someo people use their real name and others do not.
After a short walk in this round market I went to a coffee bar to get a coffe.
For example, Naruto, Keroro Gunsou, evangerion... and more.
I downloaded Merriam-Webster dictionary, English magazines, and an Engliah word book.
Then, I came to the conclution that I am experiencing difficulities because of the difference in cultural background.
Althogh it was the first time we had made one, it took us only thirty minutes.
2006 Completed Japanese instructor course 420 hours at Hirohima YMCA
2008 Had expericence as a Japanese instructor in Melbourne
When we borrow money for someone,_ we should determine to pricise date of repayment.
``No smoking`` signs surroundour daily dailylife as we walk in the streets, shopp in the malls, travel on buses, or watch movies in the cinema.
I'm so sorry for not being as active as the past weeks here, but I truly am busy because it's one week left to the Persian New Year (nowrouz).
People get really really busy from about two weeks before novrouz to two weeks after it.
I went to the Mational History Museum on foot!
The police said, thay they evacuated the houses of two old men.
In English class, we are reading an essey which is about the moon's mystery.
When it is near the holizon, it looks bigger than when it is overhead.
So, we get impression that the moon is big because its real size is begger than expected size.
Because I am not satisfied with my circumstances or myself somtimes.
During the test we needed to read an article and answer some comprehesion questions.
I think the context was too sophisticated for me; like ``message from the cultural elite: reas, you morons, and eat your spinach while you're at it!`` My friend saied I did not understand because I do not know thw American culture and it's kind of a joke.
I am quite excitied to have my own lang-8 username.***
Dalian is a beautiful city with lots of delicious food, pretty beaches and warmhearted peopel.
I got a used notebook computer to study the structure of the PC from my friend, but it's broken. It was heating geradually, and the operating system was shutting down repeatedly. I have little experience dismantling PCs, so I don't know what to do. I have to buy books to study.
However, I feel sad because I am going to leave my school that I have stayed during five years, and I miss the people and everyhing that has happened in this school.
I aprreciate the memories and the wonderful favors in my life.
I think the second way is the most sutitable for me.
Previously I worked as a full time employee for the same compary as now.
It's much simpl than you think, inspector.
or is he seious?
One of my frineds told me that they are just looking for japanese girl because they are pretty and easy to play with.
I'm sure that sometimes it's ture.
An old film, ``Phantom of the Opera`` was pleyed on the screen.
I wonder wheather I can live in a foreign country or not.
Today, I begin to keep my daialy in English.
but is it reary?
According to the program, he still lives in the small town where he was born and lives like an ordinary local person, even though he is a billionair.
As we know, there is no specail machine we can use.
Last weekend/ a vegitable yard and my small pots of plants.
I'm goning to Tokyo for a job hunt.
I am going to go NY next year for my privete exhibition, so I have to learn English.
However, I've succeeded in redusing my weight by ten kilograms within half a year.
Actually, I am keen on wearing smart clothes and want to look cool but it is clucial (?) for that to have a good shape of my body.
I am goingshopping today. I can't waitt.
Second time, I sould use ``glad``.
Somehow, I am writting my dairy now, it may be a good day today. (?)
Becouse not only is it hot outside, but also it's cold inside.
And electric pawer needs to be too cool in rooms that make more CO2.
I can do this but can you? I would never lie to you but you don't belive me. Tell me what I should do. I miss the times when we were happy.
I have been looking for a new house thes days.
I wourld like to try being an actriss in Hollywood.
So hte proncipal decided to suspend the first grade class.
I also work in an aparrel company.
I found every sentence I wrote usally contains ``I``, can anybody suggest a better structure?
We would take a ride every Saterday.
The winter coats that I had dry-cleaned were needed agian for today.
I cooked twe salads.
They were so jucy and sweatey.
The afternnoon is very quiet, I can only hear the sound of typing keyboard.
but, don't call me neet.
I'm not neet.
I havn't been here for more than a month because I have no conputer.
So, I am starting on a diet where I cook traditinal Japanese food.
Today's manu was Udon and seawood salad.
I was amaized that so much Japanese food really doesn't need oil.
I think that this is beacuse the earth is dying.
The issue of global warming is getting wores and worse.
The last day I logined in was......
They help me to live and to chane my life.
I'm suffering from a backach.
My favorite is LINLIN PARK.
It's good season for auturmn leaves ^ ^
Peco is extroverted and has a papassion for table tennis.
Thier characteristics are very different, but noth has real talent.
I felt that I couldn't do that, so I reamined standing.
We call them, ``Tunderstorms Guerrilla``.
First, I will turn off my lights frequetly ^ ^
Recentry, I've been getting very sleepy., What reason is this?
There might be some Japanese people who would come up with a Koean drama, but it's not that Full House.
The picuture is from a scene where Michelle says ``Duh`` to Stephanie.
mayba in this sentence, the man will be suspect, not the police... right?
Most Jpanese People cannot speak English.
so I want to work for a software developement company
But I think I can't take advantege of what I'm doing now
B: continue my studies and try to become a resercher.
I was a sexy pink cat with my friend. (we wore the same cosutume:))
I think the Japanese cherry ``Sato-Nishiki`` is the king of chrry.
My home town, Yamagata, is famouse for producing cherries.
Once, I ate another kind of cerry,
but I realized that Sato-Nishiki is better than the other cerry...
JOB SERCH
I make customs documens.
I have no intersts in it.
It is OK to make cusutoms documents and make reservations for shipments.
I want to do a more crative job.
Many friends offen tell me that I must change... Change what?
I was talking about a name with my firend.
Actually, this is my first time that I have stayed in the United States, and I missed Japan druing the first few days.
It is dedicated to the roots of the Japanes and is a very solemn place.
I choiced espresso ice cream and it was a right choice.
Today's theme is ``room fragrance``, becouse I bought some room fragrance yesterday.
And Rowan Atkincon was nice to the boy.
I heard that Fahrenheit is defined by normal body tempreture.
Recently, 'OTOKO-NO-KO' are increacing paticularly in Akihabara, Tokyo.
On Thursday morinig, I took her to the clinic and the doctor prescribed some medicene for a cold.
Their conditionaer makes my difficult hair easier to comb
I'm sorry for the filty talk.
I feel itchy so often but I wear shoes or slippers so I can't scrach them.
I turned on my computer and connected to the mechine at my company in order to examine the check list.
Aftef two hours, I finally processed all of the problems.
It's special kind of relationships-language-relation (fuhtermore-LR), relation, which based on wishes to communication.
I dicided
So I dicided to become a manager and change my department.
I'm beeing excited.
They can talk before we konw it.
How can I enjoy studing English grammer??
Actually I don't like studing grammer.....
I wonder how I can enjoy studing grammer...
Our hosue is on the 7th floor.
I then pressed the botton for the 7th floor...
His mother or his familiy's maid was already on the elevator (I couldn't see who was inside of it from my position).
As far as I could see, he was not even embarrasing.
But we're in Singapore. Besides if I did so, he would probably pee on our doorstep to take revange on me.
I hope some poverted kidnappers will take him to their house which has a lot of sex toys, and keep him as a sexual pet forever.
I bought many souveniors. For example; postcards, ornaments and a lot of table wares.
TOday I went to Fukui prefexture.
sometime I will go with my boyfriend to watch a moive or walk in the afternoon.
myabe just watching TV or talking with my mother or give my dog a bath.
I came back to Korea from Austraila a few days ago to prepare for being an exchange sudent next year.
I started studying English by becoming intetersted...
I like listening to the radio, especailly late at night.
To my surprise, It cost me about 2500yen (almost 20 dallars).
Everytime I breathe the dry and cold air, I feel warm, beacuse the smell is familiar which makes me safe.
I have studed in Beijing for almost 3 years, but sometimes I still miss home.
Yeaterday at the restaurant
I really had to study English for the TOEIC test but as I was with my frind, in fact I couldn't do it.
(My friend would study somthing as well)
Do yu know why?/
But you know, whenever my friend talks to me, I will have a chat with him and I consentrate on talking with him and studying is out of my objective...
Shonan is in Kanagawa prefcutre which is near Tokyo. Near sounds more natural.
It takes ten minutes by bcycle.
Whenever I want to relax, I can easily go to the beach and enjoy the beatiful scenery and decious food.
Becasuse they stay up with their crying child all night.
The gray sky seemed to cry miserablely, and the mental energy in my body has been fading away little by little.
Another thing in order for you to keep healty is to cut over-eating in your diet.
The parties that out of power are asking the ruling party for a change in goverment.
You can devide people into two groups.
Don't get cold everybode.
I went on a bussiness trip to Chiba prefecture.
I have to make preparation for my visit to Autralia.
Trainig course of business strategy
The world will form a necessary combination for you to keep your life going on:) So meny people who said ``I can never live without you`` live without and feel very happy.
I was tired and I enjoied it.
It was used the concreate, not the wooden building like the other castles, so it is just the museum inside.
The fondation of this castle is the stone wall using a lot of big stones like the other castle, but there are some huge stones here, like the second photo attached.
along the road to the top, the secen was so beautiful ~
I saw many noticements on the moiuntain, like ``please don't go near the cliff as it is dangerous`` ``don't go down the wild path accompancies``.
when we arrived home, I found my skin was burnt bittley and turned to red and will maybe change to black, hh ~
By watching the episodes, an English learner would not only be able to practice English, but also absorb the Weatern culture.
They are Alaways are the same as before.
So, some effictive measures have been taken to improve the quality of the spring festival gala.
I think most of the time I'm just studing to pass the exam and never think about mastering it.
I know that he isn 'scik.
My friend suddenly called me and said she wanted to have fun at Roppongi because she has a lot of friedns there.
She had worked at a spors bar before.
He is a teacher at a junir high school near my house.
On the menu for luch was chinese food, like a dumpling, dim sum and things like that.
Recently my hobby is writting down the line from a movie into my notebooks.
And then I remorize the line, and say it.
Japanse sause is made from various things such as vegetables, fruit and so on.
Salted fied Chinese noodles have recently become known (or popular) in Japan.
A typhoon is comimg to Japan.
Let's save enegy together.
I would like my frinds to have strong boday so they can visit me in the future.
I read an article today that said if we trun on lights often at night when we are sleeping, that can make us get a bad disease. By the way, it can waste our elecsity.
Let's help our country to save enegy before we go to bed and help the world.
It is called euphenism.
It is the euphenism ``
when a native speaker says the conected ``t`` or ``d`` sound like...
Recentry, I have been getting ready to travel around the world.
I want to help out in biology research and to absorb knowlege about it.
First of all, thank you very much for your concern and lots of helping hands from outsie Japan.
Still I believe Japan's Defence Force and other rescue teams from outside Japan will never give up finding the survivers.
I'm very busy now because of a essey for graduate school.
As I travel more and more, what I find is the tough quality and open-mindness of Hongkongers.
I could get over not sleeping more than drinking coffee. Also, I havn't met a girlfriend.
I want to go to Tailand.
I cannot stop thinking of them, but one thing I definitely can say; her Japanese was not so good, and the descriptions/ portrayals of Japanese (people) were very biased (stereotypical) to foreingers.
Finally, they bacame friends.
11 elewen
14 fortenn
Since my shop is very quiet, I have a lot of free time at work. So I have decided to write all the English words I knew starting with an ``A``, and then check those at home. The impotant words are written in red! Today was ``B`` s turn.
I was wondering what is their meaning, becouase in Japanese, black-bellied means wicked, evil-minded or scheming.
But of couse, it is idiom for Japanese people.
She spoked to me.
I was frasturated.
In that period, my teammates and I shared joys ang sorrows and helped each other.
Though after 14 days when our work as a volunteer finished, we would leave each other. Perhaps we would never meet again, but we still cherished this friendship and those unforgetable days.
There are staff members from many countries that can talk with costamars.
They are not theaching Engilsh there but costamars can learn English naturaly.
On Sunday, I went to T-place again, but this time with my dougter.
My dougter brogut some pciture books to ask a staff member to read for her.
If you have them, I would like you to comunicate with me in English or Japanese.
After watching the movie we went to a Italian restrant and chatted a lot XD
for me, it might be the most exiciting day of this summer vacation
I'm working at a convinience store and it was very busy today:(
I wrote a self-introducyion for my friend.
They can say ``happy Valentine's day`` as usuall. then I often feel annory, because the day doesn't belong to me.
But other people message me ``happy Valentine's day too, although we don't havent love ones``. haha ~ ~ now I feel happy, although I dont havent a boyfriend** but I have some good friends. the last time, we went to a Barbecue restaurant to eat a lot of food. and it's interesting, a group of obaasan were singing loudly and drinking in the next place to ours. They looked so happy at the day. just some old womam, no rose, no chocolate, but happy the same!
When it comes to the factors in successful development of a country, no one can ignore the importance of education, and no one can draw a conclusion of basical factors in the development of a country.
Take South Africa for an example, as is shown in the statistics provided by the government of Africa, there are so many familes which are too poor to send their children to get an education.
I saw a bird knoking on one of the trees in my garden this morning.
My hpliday has been going so fast
I quickly ate a simple breakfirst.
corecting donations and taking them to the community office before ten.
I image what might happen. I think they will communicate using their own words, waving their hands, compare their voice through crying, not just using eye contect.
Actually, I was really thankful beacuse they give me fun in this busy life. Then I think if we put ourselves out of our work and life, and give an eye on other people or things around us. We will find a lot of fun in our world.
My favirite artists are Avril Lavigne, Greenday, Linkinpark, Fort Mynor,
For example Naruto, One-Piece, D-Grayman, Gintama, and Fullmetal arcemist, and
I like Final Fantasy and Legend of the zeluda.
The times we praticed were fun, and we took many pictures to remenber the best times that we shared being that this is the last time we can work and play together at the anivesary of Chhs.
I bagen learning the guitar one year ago, and I hope I could be a great guitar player as him!
Why do I have to pay as much as 15-20% to servers who just take my order and ask me if everthing is OK?
There is holyday on next Monday.
I recieve a call.
Often, I try to practice speaking English on this site, but I don't think my English pronounciation is improving.
In the end, Yu-Na won the gold medal with umbelievable points.
Yesterdey in Russia was the holiday '' Victory Day ''.
First, we went to my cottege and rested there.
The frrst diary
I sometimes can't answer the questions because I would be nurvious during the interviews.
I've been studying English for 9 yeras.
My home's cristmas tree
My 4-year-old son decorated my house's small cristmas tree.
So the cristmas tree decorations are unbalanced.
I gethered a lot of toys, books and my children's homework.
I read a book called ``Nnmber the Stars`` because I am interested in learning about the Holocaust of the Second world war and how the Danish rescued the Jews.
To my dear friends who are living arond the world now.
Please liten to what I say right now!
If you don't have them, I too sugest you should find out them soon.
I hope you will become so happy to get to find a nice pertner.
We had a funtastic time.
We were supposed to go to Stanly by mini bus from Causeway Bay.
Afer that, I told the mini-bus driver that I would like to pay the fare of the oter 5 members fare with my Octopus card.
It makes me feel willing to continue this dialy.
Tomorrow, I must write and thank the people who watch this dialy, and who teach me.
I'm stumpted.
I just want to say that I was in inlove eith Japan and now, there's left nothing.
My major is Enlish education, and I like English.
I've wanted to learn English for a while bacause I want to communicate with people all over the world and know their ideas about things, dreams, interests, character and so on.
It sounds really intesting.
Pendulum-Granite is my fevorite song!
Even if I get acupuncture therapy regulary, the cold weather triggers it more often than hot weather.
According to the book, we can live long by calolic restriction.
It has been shown that when animals, including humans, execute calolic restriction, it will lead to a very active and extended life.
It's a pity that I don't know how to reply quickly.:((Can anybody help me?) Getting to know somebody from a different country is really exciting and surpringing.
Now I'm looking forward to an extraodinary February!
my father and my elder brother had to visit to Osaka for busibess trip,
By the end of this month, we must have our presentation to the chief excutives.
How can I chage this status?
No zest, no prower to continue studying.
Also I guess it's a little bit hard to find a perosn for Language exchange in ``Chinese`` here; however, I still want to give it a shot...
It's depressing for a peson who has learned English for
If I can speak more ranguage, then I would speak to more people.
and my sence of value will become greater.
l practided
I learned/ studied English at scool and since that time I had no practice.
I'm so tierd.
I cannot take consective days off and holidays are irregular.
I Wan na Enjoy Waching Kid Movies in English!
Mebourne is good city to live in but I hate Melbourne weather!
But this manth, I came back to the head office and I took part in the new project.
This summer I have litle free time.
I only have one and a half mounth off.
There is no heat this mounth.
I'm so nurvus.
Because I haven't prepared anything for me to saty here
That's all my falt tho.
It was my myfather's souvenir from Hokkaido (a place in Northern Japan).
I also like watching movies and if I have a long vacatin, I would like to travel all over the world.
These days in Brisbane, for me, it is not an unfamilar city, because I have lived here for 3 months, but I still feel strange here.
Toby knoked over some empty milk bottles.
Suddenly Mr Spry's house door opend, and a man held Toby's arm.
My pronounciation sucks...
He's alredy mastered some of those languages perfectly and is going
that my pronounsiation sucks.
I've never thought of the way I pronounsiation things as wrong,
Even though I'm a foreiger, I have to try to make it sound fluent as long
He was transferred to the ohter branch office.
I was really impressd and I cried.
I have become accustomed to this changable weather, declining temperature and perpetual rain.
There is a bizzare phenomena, to you guys it may be really hard to understand.
Due to this reason, I can only use purdent words to record my daily life.
But today when I logn into my msn, I got the information that Microsoft will not provide blog service to us and hope that we can move our blog to Wordpress.
I don't wonna be lazy anymore!
It is wriiten by Eric R.
She took the doll, and coled her Rika chan.
I visited the Blenz Coffee at Yokohama and the NewYourker's cafe at Ginza.
Recently I notice, that more and more of my students are being late or skipping my class. This course of action is ruining my teaching plan beacause many games can't be played with small number of people.
I went to a family resutaurant with my friend Mari.
But I thougt we should find someone to correct us like lang-8!!
Nowdays, Japan is in a very difficult term. Still, many people are missing in last natural disaster and nuclear power plant still difficult situation......
Do you know the lisence called ``IT Passport``?
If you have this lisence in Japan, you are qualified as a person who knows the basic knowledge of the imformation technologies.
I have to study English hard until I go to the Phillipine,
Trip to Hundred Iland and Baguio (June)
Because we didn't have anything interesting to do, though It was already 4PM, we chartered a boat for iland hopping.
Soon after we got inside the boat, great awsome thunder began to rumble and the sky became jet-black darkness...
The hotel ``Camp John hey`` where we dropped by for the cafe is awsome.
but the grave was saved from the Tsunami by a hairsbreath.
In the caustal part of Miyagi, debris lays in heaps here and there,
To improve my French, I have to take lessons with many teachers soI have no choise.
This is a rule in Taiwan but I got a little nerverous. XD
im wating for a heatblock to get warm enough.
I'm sleepy, but I will defenitely go.
I was traying to translate a Spanish post but...
I love hime.
I don't know why I love her so much, don't konw why I can't forget her, I'm not stupid in this problem, I just don't know (or/ understand) why.
After eatting dinner, I got hungry immediately, maybe I don't eat enough
some foreiners were swimming.
Sometimes thay are very strict towards us.
Thanks for everyone's help and she wishes you seccess.
I thought the life of University was busy than anytime before when I was [satting on the chair of classroom and listenning everything the teacher said.
One of the stences was that the students at a university didn't have free time to play, because the students need to learn many many things and pay more time than before to learn.
Your kind support would be appriciated.
I don't know why Keirin, a bicycle race, cannot become major compered to Keiba, a horse racein in Japan.
Fingers acrossed.
Do tou Know ``Job is Shit``?
The taitle is ``Job is Shit``.
Neoneat has been writing articles on his site about how disgusting the Japanese wroking environment is.
He is also insulting even strict Japanese office workers severly.
For example, ``Japanese workers are weak and dogs of their companies`` and ``I'm working in better working environment than them. Do you envy me?`` I think the Japanese government is shit, but the Japanese office workers don't have any reason to be guilty. The Japanese office workers are working every day for themselfe or their families.
I hread that sometimes Japanese people are cheated in foreign countries, and then lost their money.
It contains English reading, English composition, mathematics, physics and a spesial subject.
I am very worried, I was studing 14 hours every day for the past day, I couldn't sleep without drinking, I was tried. So, I decided that I will take a vacation after the test to reduce my stress.
I wish the pain (would) disappear by) tommorrow) morning.
I lived on the sixth foor.
I hope that I can improve my English skills, and I welcome people to give me some tips for my writting. Thanks a lot.
When I found out that he really believes that I am going to India, I laghed.
A question about grammer
I have a question about English grammer in the case as follows.
An electric bulb has a filament, but a fluorescent tube has two erectrodes.
I think ``We usually use a fluorescent lamp, which has 2 electrodes`` or ``We usually use fluorescent lamps, each of which has 2 electrodes,`` is correct. My question is whether the first one meke sense or not.
very very bad! I'm so miserable, I need to learn English, but I don't konw how to study it. Please help me!
We usualy stir-fry it with egg.
I'm not a vegetalian.
Today, I will explainng why I think subtitles are important. (We don't really study subtitles... ^ ^;;)
When people crticized, it is hard..
The trips pupose is to learn
The sports festival wii be held next friday.
I met her 1 montn ago and I thought she was not speaking English as well as me but now I noticed that she seemed to speak English better than me.
I evny her because her English pronunciation was more fuluent than when I saw her 1 montn ago.
I'm working for a life insuarance company in Japan.
by pomping these billions in renewables instead of pomping it in
I haven't gone on lang-8 since I went to my papa's home. because my papa's home is high in the mountains, I had no chance to check my mailbox and answerd your messages. I felt so sorry. I miss all of you so much.
When I rode moter bike, sudenly speed down.
I was supprised because itwas the first time my mortor bike bacame in abad conditi
Alought there are many unhappy things in your life, you must believe there are also more happy things that will make you happy.
So don't treat youself as a tragedy.
Anyway, tomorrow is aother day.
At first, I thought playing cards was so boring and it doesn't make any sence, but in the end, I got to meet a lot of new friends.
I tought it was interesting to play cards, which was boring for me at first, but then it gave me the chance to meet many friends who can make my days in New york more valuable!
please teacth me!! 2
I want to be a prischool teatcher.
But English is deficult...
But I was Kindergarten teatcher two months ago.
My hobby is watching movies, photography, wacth TV, and Karaoke.
I like Japanese Dorama too ^ ^
Two months ago, I landed in Tornoto with my husband and little baby.
Today is my husband's birthday, we plan on buying a cake from the suppermaket to celebrate his first brithday in a new country.
I don't know what to say to you right now. I hope we all here will make a huge progress on what we're willing to learn, and don't forget to make some good frends.
Interestingly, I met Koreans on my way, so we attended service together, and futhermore we were joined as one cell of CHC.
Next, if the machines produced goods, there won't be any qualitatives in that goods.
However, if people made that, people have to make them very hard, and thre will be a lot of quality.
Recently, farming online is becoming more and more pouple amongst young people.
What's more, it is high time that the yonug should be taught how to use the Internet properly.
I went to western Canada on a trip for 26 days with the Grayhound ``30 days discovery pass``
I like to paint using a small number of colord pencils.
Hope make true friends through it and inprove my english.
I like snoboading a lot.
Everday I just get online and read some articles.
It's already fabruary and my birthday is coming.
Last year, I celebrated it with my 7 firies friends, but I was not happy then.
Is it only a phsical problem?
Now I get some acne on my left eyebow and some are near my chin.
I google why I have these wierd things on my face and figure out maybe I have a hormone dsorder. (Is this because I don't have a sex life for a long time?
I'm in my friend's room in Yokohama now and ristening to music.
Because the goverment started a campaign called 'Cool Biz' about five years ago to save energy.
But I was surprized about it, so I couldn't say anything.
She told me that the company wanted a few managers from all areas in Japan, so she called again to tell methe day of job interveaw.
Sometimes I go to a big supermarket called woolworthy in town but it's very expensive.
Do you know anywhere I can buy food cheper?
Do you belivev that there are some ghosts in the world?
I love chokolates more than bf.
Last pictur is green tea with milk.
I wanted to take a mock interview, but before I tell it to the tutor, she shoed me a (?) text.
It is a very dericies food.
he is from Austlaria.
My English is getting worse and worse since I graduared from senior high school, so I need someone to help me with my English.
My luck was ``Kichi``, Kichi means so-so or normal.
a few minitue ago, I said to her, ``Shall we go to eat anything?`` She said yes.
An intresting phenomenon I found in ``lang-8``.
If I'm worng, please help me correct it.
You often hear this qustions being asked in Korea.
Koreans like to classify a person's charactor by blood type.
A types are usually narro-minded.
They write down what or who maded that day bad.
Their charactor is also tough.
They usually have analytic thinking similar to a ditector.
They have many friens.
Because we have two children who will have their entrance examinations of Unvercity and High School soon.
Recently, I'm studing English.
Today I answerd a qestion.
The Qestion was ``When you're feeling sad, what do you do to feel better?``
My classmates and I discussed death penalty in law class because our teacher could not prepare learning packs for the seminer.
Ono was taken to a plice station under suspicion of violating the Maintenance Public Order Law.
It was the commemorative party for publication of Karoku Hosokawa's book, who was a political scolar from Tomari.
The prosecution and the Court ratified the ``Black Trial`` made up by Tokko Plice.
I found out about this site from a magazine yesterday, and so now I'm trying to write someting in English.
The former soulds like ``it's OK``, ``I don't mind it``, or ``forget about it``.
I naver been outside of Japan to anywhere except Hong Kong.
Definitely it remains memorizable.
Because it was so hot and humid, just staying in the hotel was irriating enough.
However, there's laiser show in the night.
But he is pritty cute for me.
Anyway, I will write dialy as much as possible to study English.
On wednesday I saw a movie with my mother, my friens and my friends 'mother.
Themoviewas very funny and inpression.
I'm very intersted in expressing my thoughts in other languages.
I figued out the reason.
You're very thankful to me, becasue you also like to learn other languages.
You were singing a song of Gans 'N' Roses.
One of my friends invited me to go camping in Saitama prefacture.
Futhermore, I'm planning to go camping at the end of next week with my university friends.
I have one daughtor and one son.
I remember that my mother said ``you can't beat your chilren.``
I'm appreciative of my mother's afforts to raise me.
Please hel me.
I live in Tashkent sity, Uzbekistan.
My hobbies-basketball, listening to music, playing basse, and reading boocks a litle;)
I hope to make more frends throughout the world, and speak English very well.
Should I introduce myseilf? Anyway...
The Japanese government right now is reviewing its nuclear energy policy due to the Fukusham nuclear disaster.
Under The Basic Energy Plan, nuclear power will be Japan's ``core source of energy`` in the midium and long term.
And I want to try writting about India and its culture!!!
there are 6 preliminary mathes of GP.
My favorite programe is last year's performance with the music 'the Moulin Rouge' in which yuna kim set up a new record in the short programe. (figure skating is devide into two sections, short programe and free programe)
I am goning to whrite about arranging a meeting.
I think that they met their fiances, fell in love, knew each other well and decided to get merried.
My older sister sent me a picture of her and her hasband.
I was so nveruos.
A friend of mine said something about the hidden messeges in songs.
I've never tought about it.
Have you ever found a song with a special hidden messege on it?
She told me that most rock songs have a hidden messege, what do you think about it?
Since I have never been there, I'm not sure what I will doin Seuol.
Recently, I bigan to read and listen with the iphone.
How can I get grammer skils?
English is very difficult, but I have a fun time when I sutdy English.
My aim is to write a diaty every day on Lang-8.
The main purpose of this trip is attending a conference hosted by Microsoft Corporation at Microsoft Campus in Redmond near Seattle, but first, I'm goint to Las Vegas today (for no special reason).
After I put my cat in the kitchen, I went back to eating my supper, untill I noticed that my cat was behind me again.
It's the first time I heard of this kind of website wichi I think is a great help of leanguage learning.
I like to read novels and watch movies which are very ordianry interests.
We, an audit group, are sending the Accounts Receivable comfirmation letter to overseas customers.
Hello, my wondeful frieneds.
Today we had a speciall class at my school.
instead of haragana...
But I have no oppoturnity to meet with any so I checked a website that introduces Japanese people to foreigners.
My main object is to learn and imporve my English as much as I can.
So why am I going to the Philippines? Thare are three reason for this.
Could you paraphraise the meaning?
Is is kindda ``I should've been more careful about my...``?
He also said that the first Japnese he had learned was in the menu of the YAKITORI (Japanese food) restaurant!
Every time I look back, I am very surprised of how sensitive (or woosy:-)) I can be.
I have reigestered here only today and I was surprised how great this site is.
I saw how you peole correct mistakes.
Now it's so good to make mistakes, becouse I know you'll correct it, so I will improve my English.
Thak you;)
When it snows heavey, trains sometimes stop or delay.
Most of my friends don't use their cellphones for this long, but I'm not good at using electric things and also I don't like reading directions either, so I tend to use my cell phone till it gets any damege.
Well, but I always fell happy, somehow fresh once I chang to new one.
I intend to meet our second eldest son at the end of this monthend.
Unfortunately, recently I have made a lot of absent-mindedly mistakes because I was very busy.
My free time has almost come to an end. It is five minits to eight now.
I received an A or A + on all sujects.
Taking this opportunity, I decided to study hareder.
Don't know when I'll be alowed to use the computer again.
I'll tell her to rase my grade a litle and next term she can lower it.
Any way the rest of the day was kinda funn.
I already explaned why.
I wanned you to know why I'll be gone for a while.
I had been lying down at the poolside for 6 hours yesturday.
It was not so shiny yesturday so I didn't notice the sunburn, but now my skin has become awfully red.
In addition, it's bad that I slept last night on ``Igusa``, a Japanease rug made from grass, so my sunburn became worse by rubbing (?).
Ponto-cho is a street famous for good dining, restraunts and bars in particular for night time.
It's Labar Thanksgiving Day today.
The devil feeld she needed the heroine.
But when the heroine saw that the devil had lied to and fired anoter staff member,
So I resumed writting in Lang-8.
If the band was lower than that, I think the raod to the goal would have been much further and my deperture would have been delayed for a few years more.
I'm a Chinese girl who lives in Austrilia now. + G 'day +
This is my first time using this kind of website that my friend recommonded to me.
Therefore, I'd like to practise my English with you guys and learn something about Frensh.
This is because the unemployee rate is gradually increasing and many international students from South Korea are returning and actively job seeking.
Now we are gethering donated goods and practicing music.
A year ago, I wasn't interestead in Canada.
Other oicture is New Years hors d '
Both of these are Sakura flaver.
I know that ghosts do not exsist.
Tsunami killed many people and destroyed villege.
Thnk you so much.
I coundn't go to school today.
Recently, I enjoy writting my diary in Engilsh.
But I always do my best to comunicate with foreiners foreigners by using expressions the best I can..
The world isn't equal, and the inequal in life is continuning.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is upcomimg, and may everyone have a beautiful and happy moon festival!!
Resently, I've read a book wroten by a mathematician named <beat the dealer>.
So I went downstairs to eat breakfast, and I cheak my email.
This is a good way for me to get rid of stress. Because I am an office worker I seldom have a chance to execise on weekdays.
But I try to execise for at least 30minutes on weekdays except on Monday and Thursday. Because I go to Korean class on Mondays and English conversation class on Thursdays.
We usually have a good relationship, but somtimes we have a little trouble.
Also my family belive in me,
A few mins ago, the announcement in Dalian airport said, the flight to Shenzhen will be delayed about 2 hours.
Labors get more power to protect their legal interests.
untill now I have studied japaness and have traveled around my house area!
To make friends, I know that I have to speak japaness well!
my English is still terreble, but I will write dairy day by day!
and then when my japaness class will be off to beginer, I'll write this diary in japaness!!
My frist time to write an entry on Lang-8.
because I decide to imigrate to Los Cabos, Mexico. ``
Recent research has shown that children are more relaxed to study than ever before, snce the light education policy was introduced a decade ago.
I am a Japanese colleage student studying English.
Lang-8 is a platform for multi-language studying by mutal assistance.
With the platform, you can correct mistakes in people's artical, give them your advice, to help foreigners to study your native language, while you could get a good feeling by helping others and get help from other friendly people.
Because your journals maybe refer to your privacy, the study platform allow you to select who can read your jorunals, for example Internet users, the Lang-8 users and so on.
My granma said that holly ghosts protected me as my goardian and kept thier eyes on me during my birthday.
Because my life is individual and enjoyful.
I am reccently attending a university in the U.
Acutually, I finished all of the classes except an advanced English class.
When I lived in Japan, playing the piano and going to my favorite places with my hsband were best way for relieving stress,
Of course I like talking with my friedns and going shopping and and so on.
So I have to learn these words before I strat the second one.
We have ten levels and a staff member told me that the four calsses from the top are ranked the highest group and these four classes use the same textbook.
wallked there holding to my brother's shirt in my childhood.
There is a piano that my perents gave me in my room.
One of the main delimna goes: should I marry someone who is similar to me or different from me?
Marriage is an important thing for people where we choose someone to live so intimely for such a long time.
Therefore he had the nickname ``Dokuganryu``, it meens one eyed dragon.
It tastes like good beaf steak.
Those chaos, confusions, depression... It seemed like it was never gon to end. And I didn't have a clue.
This is the first dialy for me!
This theme came up after The Wall Street provided complax financal products that led to a worldwide resession.
I wonder whether CEOs sould have limit salaries or not.
However, if the company has debt and will go bankrupt, CEOs should have limits on their salaries for the company and empoyees.
we want to make repairs (or overhaul), and buy new equiment.
I feel that there are maany mistakes))))
I entered univercity in Osaka.
Of course I sent a message for my English teatcher.
I'm now studing English.
I want to make friends with more people from other countries and I learm English.
There is not a clowd in the sky.
Actually, there is the nice beach that I can get to by running ten minits from my apartment.
I could see the really beautiful view espcially today.
I am going to go to the beach again after writing this dialy and visit a cafe where I can see the beach in order to study English.
Studying should be comfortabley, shouldn't it?
'Our case is not a Chernobyl, and the accident doesn't have any effects on those of us who are living near Tokyo.' as of Mrch.
But I dont like to study grammer, so allways use simple words with broken grammer.
Please check my writting to help me!!
Because my parents always spent the weekends for thier hobby instead of spending it with us.
I will pay $ 85 tommorow!
I cooked a pie in the microwave, washed some salad and fry an egg every day for my luch.
To my superise.
When I was in elementary school, I wanted to be a tescher.
Because math usually have definite answers.
I ate noodles and it was to my tast.
Therefore, we have decided to offer some discounts for a period of time, and provide interest free installment for a certain number of customers.
Like every studengt in China, I have studied English for 10 years.
I agree with them now though. When I watch CSI, I can't understand what tehy say.
Taking buses, going shopping and chatting with friends in English are my dreams in other countly.
There are beautiful varieties of dolls in that countly.
It was weired for us to clean up stuff like her friend's old letters and cards.
I learned about 'present perfect' and 'present perfect continously' today.
I've been very confused when choosing between 'present perfect' and 'present perfect continously'.
Because my eyes were itchying.
I am very comfoterble!
Therefore, I'm going to try to write journals in writng style from now on.
Also some hisgh schools or universities are very difficult to enter, due to the exams and competition.
We actually call the cram school '' juku '' in Japanes.
Howevere, when we look up the word '' juku '' in a Japanese-English dictionary, it says '' cram school ''.
My online English teacher told me about a popular sweet from the Philipine.
So most of us laught at him, and looked down on him.
Maybe you also can find more advantagement of the big gray wolf from the cartoon.
professors 'annoucement or the materials that he posts for the class.
But at the same time, I wanna master English and go to restaurans to talk with my co-workers.
Thuesday I was at my Japanese class after work, and I was REALLLYYYY tired since I only slept 3 hours the nght before (hard to go from night shift to day shift in one day XO).
(Think with a twisted mind if you still don't catch it...) Trust me, I was redder than a juicy tomato. If I could have hidden bettween the glue and the floor I would've =_ = The even funnier part was that the teacher didn't understand and made it even worse, so afterwards when everyone calmed down she said:
The owner of horses have to select a strong, able horse and make him into a race hores
In order to be a race horse, he nees parents who were race horses.
The Special sauce was made with Go Choo Jang, and a little vineger.
How about Oyster food in yur country?
The price negotiation was tough but they finaly offerd me a good price.
Can you imagine that a man can contorol the weather?
In some Tribes of native Americans, they are given names which are derived from a vision at a sertain age.
Then, their synod or chief endows them with a name in accordance with their vison.
Now that it is seems that topics about native Americans are consigned to the dustbin of histry.
If anyone suffers from migrain, how about drinking herbal tea?
I recommeded it!
We went shopping and bought pants and a jocket.
To better act this drama, we prectice half-hour every day for about three weeks.
when we playing, I was very nervoue.
our drama was very pooular, and we won the NO. 1 in my company.
The other day, May 8th, I went to yhe fair trade day festival in Marunouchi and it was one of the greatest experiences I have ever had.
(The) Healthy and tastey foods, non-wasteful products, and organic products and clothes were very fascinating to me.
And also I was strongly attracted to fair trade products because most of tem are high quality.
Of Ofcouse, I love cheap, fast fashion like forever21, H& M and so on.
Pls forgive us.
This test is very important, it is essential for me to become an exchange student between my university and Frorida State University.
I like to read gossip news about American celeblities.
Lately I've been readintg her gossip news everyday.
So, we were quite a bit worried first, but finally it was proven unnecessary because they were very well acustomed to the car itself, as well as dealing with risky situations.
Anyway, It was very far to go to our destination-the eatern beaches (kangreung)-from the city (seoul).
I am really preased by it.
The Lylics written by him are easy to sympathize with.
My cousin tought me how to see my friend's sex or native language at Lang-8.
I can see my friends 'imformations by myself.
I will try my best to do it, trust me plase, haha.
I am sorry for the earthguake in Japan.
The stalls sell sharved ice, apple candy, Yakisoba, Wataame and so on.
Of cource, tehre are game booths too.
In addision, we can make friends from different universities in the club.
They caught clams in a full backet.
Aapparently, it can be said that they copied the concept from the game.
I want to pass the exaim.
Wonderful! I finished my exaim yesterday.
It's so agony while preparing the exaim..
Although the exaim has been over, I worry about my result.
Having this exaim again is what I don't want.
So (therefore?), please let me pass the exaim.
You need no cristal ball to know what I did next; nothing at all!
That doesn't mean I didn't care about my exams at all; I always checked my anwers, I couldn't help it!
We were allowed to take the test sheets with questions home and the answers were publiced at a website exactly one hour after the exams had ended.
If I screwed up my French or Maths exam over the next few days, I would definetely have to do a resit or in the worst case: fail.
Of course, it had already passed my mind a couple of times before, but now it was serieus!
To make matters worse, I totally lost my apetite the following three days or so, so I ate nothing more than one sandwich and some crackers each day.
I got something I call the '' vacuum cleaner-syndrom ''...
I can use skype& yahoo messanger!
Today picking many Potetos.
they don't have practrcal any friends.
bucause I was disobedient.
that's why I haventn't strayed far from the right path.
We played soccer and Wii sprots.
I have two way to learn vovabulary, one is to read DUO 3. 0 books and the other is to read the simple English news site every day.
I was not just molding raw thoughts into a linguistic form, but trying to produce new perpective to view things. It can possibly give birth to some deformed or a lateral thought! Then I might need to wear new glasses to view another world hidden from ordinary Japanese colored glasses.
allthough Chinese is a little difficult to learn...
it is an Aussie tv proglam, you know!
Yes, we can see many celebrities from many different industries such as films, music, literture and politics there and we also can listen to their interesting interviews.
No way!!! Also it is true there are many celebrities who are quite diffensive of gay things.
I can correct articles that Japanese studying usere write.
tahnk you.
I should spend my time effeciently.
bad: fuk (lol)
It was so dericious.
I enjoyd.
I like it because it is good for my healthl.
Order is the longest book in the Harr Potter series.
The Japanese goverment told the president of ANA not to allow the same problem to occur.
I'm going to go to Fukuok tonight.
I readlly don't want to stady at home during winter holiday.
Tonight, I have an appointment with someone who bougth a computer from me at the resturnat.
I went to the library to syudy physics bcause of an upcoming examination.
My instructor suggested that I read a good essay written by one of our classmates from Quweit.
My pronuciation was really bad, and it was very hard to say water.
In Japanese, it is difficult to pronunce 'water', because we don't have the ``w`` sound in our language.
In my neighborhood, the Electlicity has failed. This happened shortly after the earthquake.
I logined in tolang-8 for the first time since May 01 2009.
aftrenoon.
Recentaly, I haven't studied English because I neglet it every day.
But, I restarted sutudy English since today.
Most of Indian people are Hindism, so they don't eat beef.
It is unuseal to use meat and fish for a meal.
I stayed there for 10 days because I got the swine-ful!
I had almost a 40C feaver, and couldn't get up.
It was very cold this morning, and I found him trimbling!
I think he will be trimbling tommorow morning too.
But already four dayd have passed!
Their messages couraged me very much.
Let's go boting on the sea. Won't it pleasant in the cool breeze?
Sinceroly yours.
I'm not a phychiatrist, so I didn't know how to take care of the patient.
I've taken care of people who have had deppression, so I can handle them, but it was my first time to have treat a person who has bipolar.
I'm in voncouver.
I am in vancover.
It's suffring that I can't speak English well enough.
I met my frineds I had gotten to know when I was a university student
I enjoyed talkeing about many things and drinking with them.
Though the news may creat argument, I felt very happy that a woman who had longed for a baby, finally had a baby at last, at age 50.
Probably in our time, the difinition of being a mother may become nonsense.
There are several battle scenes (not as beautidul as before).
I was nine years old and stadied in the fifth form of Russian Secondary School, in a small town.
After that I studied English at colledge, if you can call it studying.:)) We had only 36 hours of English lessons over the whole four years of trainign:O I would have most likely called it a revision of I learned at school.
Recentry, I played a game called ``Mind10`` with a co-worker at break time.
I say ``Are you yellow?``, and look at evreyone's face.
On the third day, it was rainy, but we went cuising
I had been very impressived.
he is very simillary to me.
Mabye a lot of meetings make me stupid and poolish.
cause, will is similary to me.
My haie color is brown.
However, I had some concering about my fitness and health, so I started to work out.
The first place I picked a wallet up was in fornt of a shopping mall which is near my home when (while is better) I was going to my work place (work is better).
Nowadays, I'm so terribley sick of lacking money...
Now I'll go shopping in Harazyuku.
but my next holiday, I am going to Akihabara with my French frined.
thank you for reading my dialry!
I will compare my sense of values with foreing student's and
Janury 3rd 2009
Actually I had taken such an ingection when I was 10 years old.
Encounting so many supernatrual things at the same time, the situation of my brain was kind of touch and go.
I didn't speak to myself too often, just once in a blue moon, but be prepared, something was definately wrong.
``It's not my day...`` I wispered, ``I'm just too tired...``
I want a Korean-Jananese dictionary so I will understand to the words to their songs!
I'll stick to study Ebglish in future!!
I have just finished cleaing up my room.
My supervior told me that it is tough to teach students English.
Altough to leave my city is very sad and I don't want to live apart from my family or friends, I think this chance and experience will make me strong.
I can imagine the situations and dialoges through the characters motions and expressions.
So she recommeded the dreama to me.
My son and dauggter take care of her mainly.
So she is qute.
So I think it is best for my recest
She said ``It's like a home dorama in America!``
Today, I went to a Japanese super markect.
I went to shcool (ESL) early fast time today.
My class is Pre-intermidiate level.
There are Japanese, Koreans, blazilian and Chinese students in my class.
During this three days, I will will be in traning at work.
Today is my first day of traning.
But to tell the truth, the reason why I love her is unexplanable.
It was terible!!
however sometiomes I feel lonesome during the night
so I always listen to musi that I love
I wish everyone a happy happytime on the Valntine's day...
I rememberd my trip to France three month ago:)
I thougt he was a young lady when I just saw him from behind.
But he was a little different from before, because this time he was wearing a grean wig.
Fiarst Writing
As the title said, my ner car has arrived this afternoon.
Of couse, it took me about a month. (it's two times longer than studying in the academy) I'm stuying the other subjects by myself.
It is a samurai movie. The main charactor is Ichi who is a blind girl.
I have some quetions.
In our universty there is a tradition.
Next, the fourth grader plays the role of doctor and the fifith grader is the patient.
When we take this examination, we are all very nurvouse because volunteer's play role in patients.
There may be unpropriate expressions...
But remenber,
remenber to go home to chat with your parents, to cook for them, to eat with them etc.
My favorite shampoos and treatments are ``Dove`` and ``Pantane``!!!!
My family have managed a liqure shop for 40 years.
Then he died 65years old when I was in the first year of erementary school.
I can corrent your Japanese diary a bit.
They can sacrify theirselves for the family's happiness.
Attending my friend's wedding banqet
I attended my friebd's baquet on October 3rd, which was also my 20th birthday.
We couldn't find the restaurant for 30 minutes, because neither of us has a sence of direction.
Finally, we found the restaurant at the last minute befor the banqet started.
I was always scolded by my art teacher, because the picture I drow never looked like what the art teacher wanted.
I hope she has happy life with her hasband.
I've posted my first diary for half a month, but to my dispointment, it
Im really excited rihgt now but, at the same time, I feel empty....
I have a hamuster.
I think her name is very qute. It means flower.
It makes sense though. Most young people have golas like fame and financial security so they tend to study for the sole purpose of their career.
Recent, I played bouldering.
If only we could be delivered from this enourmous amount of homework!
I may sound silly, but I love every lesson (exept Physics and Chemistry)..
I am afried that it seems I am falling in love.
I'm wathiching a Japanese film called 'Death ote' on TV.
The film is besed on the popular series of comic books of the same name.
Both the investigator and the climinal who uses the notebook take center stage.
So my Waterman fountain pen has illegularity ink flow. (?)
I studing my English 4 years
What do you think about Japanese car makers, for example, Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Mitubishi and Mazda?
So please check and correct my diary and please send me a message if you heve interest in Japan, Tokyo, me, or whatever!
I am sleepy because yesterday's seminor was harder than 2 days ago.
Separating Appolo with your teeth is sort of common memory among us!
I tried to start the session in safe mode and after a couple of attemps (twenty minutes or more of waiting) all seems normal, until I saw an error message that warned me about an error with the NVIDIA graphics card and its drivers.
I am visitting my daughter's home in Toyama pref.
I have problems with bilding constructions, free conversation and fast English-speaking.
I attached thress pictures, please view/ do take a look them.
I was thiking of how I saw it without my glasses while wearing only the 3D ones.
I have no power to contine writing. so today I am not writing anything.
Recentry, I've been reading Alice in Wonderland written in English.
I am learning in a meddical College now.
There are only sveven boys in my class of 30. At first I thought that such a class might be boring, but in the past few months my life has changed.
They are all very humorous. First I want to introduce our hostess Bin. I call her Boll-piging. When she begain to talk I laugh because she will always say something funny or interesting and she is a very cute girl. Yesterday afternoon during PE class, when we started playing a game, she was still carrying her bag. It was a really huge bag, which made her look like a snail. Our teacher asked her to put donw the bag, but I was wondering '' Can a snail put down her shell? ''
The books 'names are`` The Traveler's gift: seven deisions that determine personal success ``and`` Mastering the Seven Decisions that Determine Personal Success ``written by Andy Andrews.
A few days ago I serched on an internet book store casually.
After half of a day I recived it by a deliveryman and read it immediately.
Fanally I've finished reading this book
I went to San Diego with my freind last weekend.
The beef was baked with onion, green papper, and tomato.
I was luckey because I took a bath last night.
They answer to Mickey's queations, but they never answer to me!
I accept the situation, and I'm clazy about Lang-8 beside them.
Many people went out to join the eving party.
She said she was tired but strangelly
I suppose that sometimes peope need unpredictable incidents.
My partner for Catarina was Kathy,
Next I had a dictation lesson with a Japanease teacher.
In summer, I couldn't go out, because it was too hot and I didn't want to tann.
The rainy season between spring and summer is called ``Tuyu`` in Japanese.
Incidentally, in the gallery, I was intrigate by the publicity for Guerilla Girls which said, ``Do women have to be naked to get into the Met Museum?
At the beginning of the exhibition, there is a board that formed with the name of male artists (Anny Wahrolh, Josephine Beuys etc).
At first, when I saw this work, I was fascinating by the dress but after a careful observation, it made me to think about criminel fire...
It means there is no data on my desktop, in folders and even in ``favorates``.
Shinpai (fail) and shinpei (worry)
Kaero (frog) and Kairo (come back)
I don't think that the amount of posts or comments about a certain player/ club/ league exactry reflect how many fans they have in this huge community.
In Japan, a univercity student's tweet became the topic of conversation.
A studenet confessed his cheating in an examination.
Nobody pushing me to do anyting, noone to exploit or manipulate me.
Yesterday, my syster and I went to the cinema, and we watched ``Gnomeo and Juliet``.
It's very funny because when a human sees ther, the little gnomes quickly turn into porcelain figures, in the position they are in at that moment.
So I'll be trainning till dinner!
Perfume: The Story of a Murdere
I stood comtemplating the rain under the leaves.
They were glistening and elear as crystal.
Especially in the Univeresity, I can spend all my time in my studying my favorite things.
In the library of the Univeresity, there are almost all of the books and newspapers I want to read.
Today I'm going to the theather.
While I was in NZ I had to speak English everyday, but after I came back to Japan I became so lazy in learnig English...
I teach him math, phisics, and chemistry.
defend: He tried to fefend himself, but everyone spoke at once, so he even couldn't be heard.
I have my own lang-8 account and I hope everybody cmments.
My family are buddism so we believe that the 49th day is
My study methods using the nintendo DS mainly consist of studying vocaburary.
Helth is the most important thing!!
Our family went to my grandmother's house to thank her for getting my daoughter a get-well gift.
She was so glad to see my daugter had been better.
A Jpanese friend of mine who hasn't yet recieved a license had a hard time driving.
I think he has a good idea, but regarding how to persude people
So, If we preach Jeses 'teaching
So you must have a valid reawson to make her accept your invitation.
I think troubles and hard times make a manmature. These dayswe 've been studying ``The Loons`` and I think I am similar to Venessa who learnedfrom the suffering in her life.
And I used to attend the foureigin language college in Kyoto, but I dropped out because of economic problems
I was invited to go to Summer Sonic, which is a famous music consert in Japan.
There was further proof about his prefernce.
He picked up the principal's plate every day so that the principal woudn't break his spine while bending his back to pick up his plate.
``Don't raugh!`` I said to him in English.
Each party is focusing on comsumption tax, which is like ``value added tax in Europe``, whether to raise the rate or not.
I think rising the rate is understandable, but I want politicians to stop wasting money frist.
This leads to global warmin.
our strnge melody from choking up
I started to make a chronologial table of architects this year because I want to understand the history of architects and how they relate to each other.
As I'm going to travel to forein countries, before my trip I want to memorize the table.
Today I made a table of Arata Isozaki who is one of the most famous Japanese architects and I think he is one of the men leading the international arhcitectural world today.
Accordin to his portfolio, he completed his first public building at 35!
Second, I went to a concert which took place in Sannnomiya city.
This month I went to voncouver and met many foreigners.
I belive that it means I have the potential to improve my marks.
So, I will wirte about some freshman girls who were behind us and saw my friend and me.
At te end of the conference the school's directos arrvied and finally he told us that the alert was false (thanks God).
My summar vacation plan
I think it's hard to trvel but it'll be meaningful.
I'm looking forword to going there!
In the past, I hated the rainy sessin.
I always got weatted.
I have lot of things, for example-some English textbooks, a daypack to go to some mountains, many instant food for dinner just in case I can `t go to my home, and like that.
He brrowed a book about 'ORIGAMI' at a library today.
We are very busy during this season from Novmber to January because we are providing toys and goods for children and babies.
But, it's combining all mathematics functions, like integrals, invers, trigonometry, natural logs, and many more...
It sometimes not fun (presure) working in my clinic.
I feel it is intersting when they smile after I say something to them.
Let's try having fun (plesure) in our day even if it is work!
I cannot be abesent from practice from now on.
They are very convenient because I don't need to leave home to chek money in my bank account or to purchase books or something.
Poeple often say that Japanese girls are kind, obedient, and so on.
I think comtemporary Japanese girls are not so obedient as people may think.
They are getting strong and selfish, inclding me. haha.:)
I usally study until twelve
I have a father, mother, yonger sister and grandmother.
My sister is 3 years yonger than me.
Well, this blanket is bery useful, like for example, it is easy to carry and I can save on the electric bill as well.
Just a simple question to the Japanse people or anyone good at the Japanese langause...
1-How much Kanji syllables shoud I memorize before I'd be able to start reading anything?
Some international travelers stay in Tokyo, and I am often asked to guid them to Tokyo tower.
Could anyone please help me with the interpreation of this simple sentence?
Hou could you, if you were I.
Don't esitate to ask me to add you to my friends if you want to exchange green patch plants!
The right picture was the secound tea.
Wave dinamics,__ thermodynamics (particularly wave thermodynamics), everything about physics makes me confused.
If you do your best and make the most your of tanlents, you will able to turn your dream into reality.
Iye-na nichi/ hi da..
to omou mashita.
Kinou-ha tomodachi to akai (I) wain wo nomimashita.
Takusan (no) mizu wo kono jikan kara nomikomu/ nomihoshi shimashita.
Tenki/ kion ha mo sumetaku nai desu dakara yuki ga mo furimasen.
Boku no bonpou no tame ni..
Ima ha mada kurisumasu turi-wo kaimasendeshita.
Yasumu ha ui de sugoshimasu, motto motto jikan koko ni kakarimasu.
mo sono ji desu.
boku no bonpou..
totemo hen na bonpou desu..
dakara mouichidou sumimasen.
Mo motto motto gabarimasu, Sa..
So, I am going to study, and inprove my skills in English.
If I learned Japanese the way I learned English, I'll grasp Japanese quite efortlessly. I'm not really worried about writing or talking in Japanese.
Today, I went to Azuki musium in Himeji with my sister.
(Then) I went to eat runch at a to curry shop.
I ate butter chikin curry.
It was really dericious!!
We have studied English for at least for 6 ysers.
I think haven't studied spaking (languages?) enough before.
Then it brcome my work.
If I had wanted to inprove my English, I should've written even one sentence.
I am working as a mechanick at a big chemical plant.
It's dangerous becouse different emergencies and accidents are usual events in our plant.
I thought that I would work seither nightshift or dayshift.
He probably wouldsay you hadhurt him, either you take him to thehospital check-in or give himsome mony.
Wait for futhur news.
That time I couls use English.
Even though people think I have many oportunity to use English, the only chance I can use English is just when reading English news/ messages from the/ our head quater.
You will do great things and surely tirumph.
Sterted to study English
I was looking for an English scool on the internet.
But I can't find a good teater.
My familly is going to grandmather's house.
I am searching for a good English teater.
let me tell you a funny, maybe not funny to everybody (but I coulnn't care less, it's my journal so if you don't like it, piss off) story.
anyways, she looked so amazing and diginity; in a nutshell, you could say that she was like an angel.
not a big deal, you could just simply say ``he was inpotent`` or ``he had a problem with his sex life`` or maybe ``he coudln't get an erection``,
Especially, the grammer, which is very difficult (for me).
To impove my English, I borrowed a magazine from my friend.
I am going to Naeba with my friend Megumi and some foreigne people for 15 days!!
I can read English newpapers and books without big problems, and made a big improvement in listerning.
To me, my love for the novels, movies, and charactors, the happiness or even the tears they have brought to me will never change.
I cooked Tandoori chicken with my friends at the cooking class. Last week one of my friends asked me, let's go to cooking class togather. I wanted to learn how to cook Tandoori chicken. I decided to try it.
It was very delecious when I cooked it. (^ ^)
Because of this pollen (I'm allergic to this), I have to wear a mask which is used by doctors in procedres
And, the order, starting from nearest to the barin, is the cerebrum, the brain stem (the vital center), the spinal cord (this is the end of the central nervous system) and the peripheral nervous system (the nervous below spine).
People who beggin learning in our school are very rude, bossy and greedy.
Normal people of japanese couldn't meet them in life.
It is the cammon story of Mito Koumon:)
My college classes start earlist than my friend's and I am hopeless.
Moreover, declaration of the Fair Trade Commition of Korea played a decisive role in Lotte Mart's unconditional surrender.
The commition said it will investigate whether the conglomerate had violated the Fair Trade Act by selling chickens at an unfairly low price.
Today my class teacher was from scottland.
In the clases, he said 'Have you a pen?'.
They use gerunds for mainly three tipe of things.
First sentence, he was smorking, but he quit.
They brocasts international news.
It made me feel so comportable.
In Japan, I can't imagine every adult wearing helmets when they ride their mama charis.
I wasn't stonger enough to press the power botton.
There is one bottele of peanut butter in my kichen.
Especially as lang-8 is faster than before; its previous speed was slow and refrustrating. This was actually one of my excuses for not doing any writing.
In my point of view it's very good to support such a project which helps the unban poor in Africa's largest cities to adapt to chellenges posed by the changing environment.
People there are very poor. They don't have enought food and water, and this is, in my opinion, caused by the colony politic. Especially England's colony politic. Because in those days everything that was planted in Africa, for example fruit trees, after a harvest, were transported to England. Minerals like gold or diamonds that were found there were, along with food, transported to England.
Howver, I'm happy everyday
Your input will be very much appriciated.
The drama e commermorate the 600th anniversary of King Tilokarat.
It was quite a good oppotunities to view the drama, and we also donated the proceeds to the student fund.
My freisnds stayed at my house.
It's 3am and I am still awkae.
it's not that compliecate. perhaps I am the one who messes thing up even if it doesn't seem (?) to be important or serious.
some moron came to me late this afternoon and said ``you are a failiure, I really don't think you will achieve anything worthwhile in your entire god damn fucking life``.
Studing English
Threr were many people waiting in line, including me.
But my freign friends often point them out to me.
It's designe [] was so-so, but I liked its shape a lot.
Phew, perhaps I shouldn't get anything with Englidh words on it in Japan before I go to Australia.
If you're intrested in Japan, please feel like to ask me a question (about it).
In the monning, I went to the office.
I'm studying at a university of technology, so I don't have many English classes, and I don't want to forget this langauge.
TOEFL listening section is quite difficcult
We are looking (forword) to (thier) promotion.
Trying to practing with yourself and (with) others to improve this skil is a beneficial method.
As far as I know, the main perpose in conducting them is for human beings.
He said that at times, he had to kill molmots (?) or guinea pigs for operations or dissections, if I recall collectly.
Am I right in thinking that veterinarian's proffesion is to save animals but kill animals even if the animals are guinea pigs?
Then I had muscle acke.
But I don't forgetot to drink beer.
While she was out, I came into the house and hid in the box which my mother-in-law had parepared before.
I have a wide variety of friends from university. They are brain surgeons, gastroenterological, respiratory, pediatric, pathologist.
Cause I really hate presure.
As I have finished my exams and university semester, thereforce I have more time in the morning, and I can write a more poste in English.
I swithed on my favorite radio station.
So, I think that my poste is finished.
For example: Slamdog millionaire, 2012, etc.
Then, I plyed tennis.
But, when I practiced tenins, I injured a foot.
Becouse, I didn't do stretches.
Korean grammer is similar to Japanese grammer.
I mean, because it was a comedy, the only important thing was wheather it was funny or not.
thanx for reading.
I was surprised that peoplf from Lang-8 are so kind and polite. Anyway, I'd like to say thanks to my new friends.
I went to hosipitol and I knew I had little sick...
In order to get a share in the Japaese SNS market, Facebook should focus less on having users upload their personal information to get rid of this unique resistance from the Japanese population.
I like coffe when the weather is glomy or rainy.
At those times coffe is more delisous.
Pafe was huge....
The Yakult Swallows, my favorite baseball team, beate the Chyunichi dragons.
Shouting the player's names, singing fight songs and cheering can reduce stress in dayly life!
Tomorrow is the jounior student's play in the drama club.
I haven't even read the scription of it, so I'm really looking forward to it!
I've beem there for...
I suppose this place is one of the most wonderfull places in the world!
Look at the mountines...
You are simply staying on the beach looking at endless sky and high mountines and smiling because life is a good thing =)
Aprile is the start of the new semester in Japan.
``Of cource,`` he said. ``Please?``
Here is the topic: ``Does the goverment have to sepnd taxes for UFOs?``
``For Japanease people, when we think about what an UFO is, most people probably think UFO is an`` Unidentified Flying Object ``or`` Unidentified Aerial Phenomena ``.
I think it should go to pention after we retire or scholarships for students....
Recently I bought an iPad, and I'm looking for the best aprication and the best way to learn English.
I like dinking a lot, and I usually only sleep for five or six hours a night.
It's my firt text/ entry on this site.
In Japan, jounior students start to hunt a job and get the job untill they are seniors.
In the Filipine, they start looking for a job after they graduate from the University.
I think it's very hard for Filipine.
I went to drink at the bar wiht my friend in the city.
I'm so thanksfull to him every time.
Actually, he loosked older than the last time I met him, about ten years ago.
Perhaps I can apply for the working visa here in the UK and get some working experiences in a differetn culture from that of Japan.
Saying ``What can I do?`` thing, I might sound a bit pesimistic and seem like I have a lack of self-esteem, but I am actually not that worried.
<Character Discription>
I asked him what had happened, he answerd ``nothing``.
I presented a neckless to her one year ago.
Summer ivents
There are many kinds of summer ivents in Japan.
We have to forego summer ivents this year in Japan because of the earthquake.
I think summer ivents give us energy.
My family and I went to a Chinese restaurant to clebrate Mother's Day.
Mom thank you!!
You are the best Mom.
This weekend I will go to Shizuoka to make a speach about my research.
It's quite interesting and I would recomend it.
Before coming to Toronto, one of my friends who onece studied here told me
Of course, my host is very friendly and their mealls are good!
``I read a newespaper on the Web.``
But, I feel confident that I won't get swine flu, becouse I almost never catch colds.
I've given her a present for her Bithday; that was 5 days ago.
It's a wall clock, where Winny-the-Pooh is drawn (we like nice things).
I'm looking foward to meeting my host mother.
And then, she made a dicision to lose weight.
She succeeded at losing weight 30kg and getting her ideal job, which is an editer at a fashion magazin.
All emplyees have to evaluate theirselves.
``Did you commnicate with colleagues and customers
I want to comunicate with them too.
And finaly I'll travel around the world!
Yesterday was confortable.
I went to the elementary school that I guraduated from a long long time ago.
On the charry tree, I could escape the sunshine and feel the nice wind.
I'm a little nervous because I have never taken TOFLE before.
It's my favorite meal, especially kimuchi!
The tital is a bit long.
These days, I have neen feeling lonely.
He is in gradute school.
I think remebering other people's name and calling them by their name is very important.
When it comes to remembering people's names, we try to make excuses saying, ``I am busy doing my own jobs, I don't have enough time to remember people's names`` or ``How can I remeber everyone's names.``
Holyday seasun is coming!!
But he said in gentle and low voice ``don't worry about that, just always try to do your best, and don't make any excuses in your life.`` He said a lot on our way home. He said I should be braver, and life always rewards the couragers.
I neet to sleep!!
But acturely, I forget lots of english, my own english skill is getting worse and worse.
So maybe, it is a good oppotunity to study again.
Critisism about Japanese Working Condition
Before they work in Japan as an immigrant or temporaliy worker, they need to know about how wierd Japanese working condition is.
Japanese 3rd year Universtiy students generally do jobhunting in order to get a job from autumn.
They register in this site to check up-to-date information about the companeis they want to join.
I think it is strongly wierd to prepare for jobhunting while they are studying in university.
Starting job hunting from 3rd year is too early for both the stundent and the universities, I suppose.
We take 1 to2 hour lessons about what the company's vision is, what kind of people work in the company, what kind of people thet need.
They have to struggle to simultanously do job huntig and write thesis.
He said ``I didn't want to work in Japan next year because of its wierd workplace.
If you can speak English and have speacalities, try to work in America.
I'm fed up with the Japanese workingplce place (condition) lol before I work there.
It's brutal but nobady changes this random phenomenon.
Why don't they go home early? They are being observed by superviser.
In order to be promoted, they cannot go home before the superviser goes home.
So if the superviser is a kind of workaholic, you can go home at 10 o 'clock, even more, you might have to spend time in the workplace.
I heard that Japanese productivity per person is lowest among advanced contries.
How hard they work is hard to evaluate under the Japanse working system.
If the evaluation systme goes well in Japan, nobady stays late.
Waching Mamma Mia
unbelievable, you never know what would happen around you, maybe that's the reason why our world is so coolorful.
That reading give me some plesure and I decided to take the title of this book for my nickname.
I will wirte a journal because I decided to do everyday.
tobay's menu was chikin, steak and croquettes!
Please check my sentenses.
Afterward I could play better than before it happing!
Hallo! Hello!
I thought that I haven't seen any good powder snow good enough for snowboading this season compared to what I'm seeing snow in Tokyo.
We did our best to make these questions but we are not sure that the sentences are grammatically corret.
If you are corret our sentences, I really thank you.
(D) She stood still onn the spot.
I heard that the new place is the most exclusive bilding in this area.
We saw The Pirates Of The Caribian.
It's about pirates looking for a funtain of treasure and they battle other pirates.
I've never seen The Piratets series.
Of course, I like studying English, but I think studyng the mother language is more important because it becomes the basis for all subject such as mathematics.
Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently slid (or glid) from the yard of my house into my bedroom.
Of couse not, but I don't think they should be killed, because their massive existence is due to our massive explotation of natural resources.
My family doesn't think my way of thinking is appropiate for a country where not only rats, but also mosquitos and fleas become a great enemy if you don't control them.
So, I finally decided to take my umbrella and I glid its end under the sofa, and then...
it quickly scaped to his headquarters...
Meanwhile, I am a bit paranoid, because I just think that it scaped somehow and it's looking for meeeeeee...
Tonight I'm keep writting about my favorite characters.
Well, the mysterious stuff, black chothes, mask, cape, every one likes.
Also the idea that not to become like his ennemies, he doesn't have to kill them, but he knows they will kill again.
Of course, it is nothing compared to Aristotle or Montesquieu but whathever, Batman's also fun. Mainly fun, by the way.
In the future, I want to be a teacher in junior high or high school, but before that I am planning to go to Australis or New Zealand for my master's degree.
It includes action, mistery, and partners who trust each other.
I got up in this early mornig because it was terribly cold.
Ok, knowing that categorical vocabulary is getting more important than it was before, I take the responsibility to memorize them with a mor efficiency.
'' Was my borther reluctant to get up at three in the morning? ''
It seems everthing is the same as yesterday.
3 Fujikyu highland (there is the highest roller corster in Japan)
It requires paicience and a lot of time.
The more new knowleage one learns,
the more confidenct he will be.
Live for myself, live happily every da.
And the teacher also said to us, ``Practice your presentaiona skills.``
By the way, speaking pumpkin, halowin is coming soon!!
For this reason, a heavy equiptment company asked me to inquire about a special air conditioiner for a fork lift.
I will entry about some of our habbit and what's normal in life for my Blog, hope all of you can interested in my Blog.
Useally, I practice golf at other golf driving ranges.
I couldn't get up eary this morning.
The government promises to have an election this November just to pretend to be demotratic.
It is utterly ridicurous!
I have already left the country, but am wondering how long the Myanmarese people should put up with this period of hardship.
The Photographies Of Before and After the Earthquake
Here, you can see the satellite photos of Tohoku area of Japan, before and after the big earthquake.
For exammple, who will wash the bathroom and restroom?
Others say that some children tend to watch too much, which has a bad infuluece on them.
In Japan, TV programs are highly developed adn devised, culture and languages can be shown through the device.
Even if people do not visit book stores or shops, and they spend plenty of money on tranportation, they can study culture and languages with pictures.
Morevoer, people learn kanji with famous people such as artists and talents.
Thus, the level of interest in programs teaching kanji increses dramatically.
But I didn't recoganise the number....
And 1 guy disapears.
Nadeshiko Japan is the reigning chanpion of the world cup.
I saw a lot of people who camed to perform Hajj.
I enjoyed seeing differnt shapes and colours from all over the world.
Becase of it, most of the cherry blossoms haven't come out yet.
It can be cooked in many differnet ways.
In the West, people offen boil it and eat it with salt and butter.
So sometimes my elder sister treated me as like a slave or her followr.
This year, I experenced big events in my life, job hunting, a journey to England and graduation from university.
I wasnn't happy at university becase it was boring for me.
I wanted to go anywhere abroad to study English and I wanted to know a different culuture.
that is why I went to England wiht my friends this year for a short period.
I wanna speak with foregin people someday.
He was borey and he was always looking for food.
I thoguht he was poorly taken care of.
Althoght he looks like a stray dog, he is the coolest dog for me.
I was surprised becuase I often parked there instear of parking in the parking lot by now.
IIt is weird becuase I don't see thered line marked along the street, so I don't know why it is illegle to park there.
I was moved by that scenery because many of these flags seemd to be a part of peoples 'soul.
So, my sentences are likeky to have become unnatural and bookish in style.
Rather, it's better to say that I'll find enough strenght to postpone other matters for studing English, especially improving my writing skills.
And the same day, I arrived at Heathlow, England.
Originally I'm not good in Englih, and additionally Japanese learn American English in school.
But she recomend a more special one for me.
I guessed special means better but more expnesive.
But I couldn't regect it, because it has already been done.
And I have decided that I have to check the price befor the order!!!
The writter is a Taiwaness woman who married a pakistan guy. She shares her experiences of Pakistan in the book.
``I think that this book is interesting, because I have a pakistan friend, but I am a bit curious and don't know what the culture of Pakistan is like.
Ohh! My daughter has woken up, which means another blatting (?) day has begun!
So I planned a trip another prifecture.
In Japan Silever stands for our elders so this long vacation is called Silver week.
I love apples amd bananas.
I was excited at the curling game, accually, it was my first time watching it.
But I don't have somthing like that.
* working sampe can be seen here on the original blog*
to one's best adventage
Today, I turned in an annalysis report about myself to my teacher in the morning.
Lastly, I ate a delicious cake and that was end of my brithday ~ ~
I've been stydying English for a long time and used to read in English but I'm still a bad English speaker and/ or writer...
Hair color and cutted
My front hair was cutted about 3 to 4 cm.
I'm looking foward to reading it in English.
I mande a date with my frined, but she is not the same person I had the chicken conversation with.
its gaving us a hard time and makes me feel so lonely because everybody is so busy these days and I haven't found anyone alse who is gonna live with me after they leave.
I want to feel relieved and confortable at my home without any worry, and have great japanese food and just get a nice and hot bath.
its gonna be so much fun difenitly!
Actually he always helps me a lot and is sinscere to me,
The povement was extremely slippery, so I couldn't walk [[very]] fast without risking an accident.
If they had enough mony to live, would they still work?
He carried a notebook with him, beileving that he could analyze the winning number.
This mystery might not be able to be solved untill dying.
And they all said that the cabbage I cooked was delicious! This is a great success! They gave me the courge to learn more about cooking.
To bigin with, I change the ingredients of ozoni, chicken or beef.
By the way, I have a ``MEDIA SKIN`` producted by au.
She has a great voice and wonderful pronucation even though she caught a cold.
Because it has graduately become colder these days and I need it to keep me warm.
When riding on a motocycle, I feel colder than when I'm walking.
I studay English.
I don't like one of the vice-presidents of my current company Becasue he usually doesn't talk to me except when he needs some tea when his guests arrive.
He always says that he needs to get a high score on the TOEFL becouse he's going to a foreign university.
It leaves me relaxed and confortable,
Though I studied English a lot, the score was the worset ever.
That's because, recentry, I found a nearer subway station than the one I usually go to.
This year I'll try writting every_ day to improve my English.
I know thay I make a lot of mistakes but with the help of my friends I can/ will become able to write better than last year.
Becouse, I am a computer programer.
I'm optimatics ha ha ha.
I went to the disco where my senior resident living in my domitory was DJing.
I tried it again for the second time but I couldn't do it like the frist time. I tried it again till I decided to go to bed.
Next, I went to the drug store insectcide.
that I don't know the types ofinsects, so I bought insectcide that is effective on all types of insects.
He loves theater and all music, from classical to rock....
[BG] A Thai client wants to sent a sammple to my colleague, and ask him to fill out a form which needs to be submitted to the Customs (Office) of Thailand.
My herat is full of sunshine,
I'm eating dinner in chinese restrant near my office.
I just stayed for 3 months, but I think I leared many things...
If I have a chance, I want to visit the phillippines again.
my friends, teachers, and Korean friedns.....
When we are learning foreign languages, we are liable to think we shouldn't use our mother tougues often.
I thought I had a talnet for drawing.
What collapses our lives is defenitely our negative thoughts.
I have to attend some class that has practical tainig at the industrial firm.
I applied neer my home.
Nowadays, lots of big companies like LG, Samsung ang so forth want more variety and special experiences.
Sometimes my dream chaged.
They are able to remenber words faster than adults.
This lecture gives listeners how amazing the faculty of their language and raises a quiestion how children learn languages so well.
My class and club students enjoied it very much.
Jpanese call it ``syouyu``.
Because I don't know about logocal constitutions in English.
The match is between the Rockets and withthe Bulls.
Usually we have class on weekdays and no free time for surfing the intenet.
Because of their negligence, 5 paitients got HIV infected unexpectly by taking an HIV infected donor's kindeys, lungs, heart and liver.
Now not only do the 5 paitents have great pain over this error, but also those doctors and nurses who did the transplants surgery were not aware of the fact in advance.
Diary: Arrainging a recipe
There is a ume tree in my yard.
When I was a child, it looked samll and weak.
So I was very excited when I read the news about Haneda airport, the closest airport to Tokyo that has opened a new tarminal for international flights.
Today, Haneda starts its fligt service to major cities around the world.
I heard from my friend that her frined was lost in the earthquake and I falt sorrya about that.
One time in Thailand we had a sunami that struck people arond the beach who were swimming, many people were killed by that.
I can study about vocabulary by a reading refurence book.
I wish I could have an air conditoner in my room...
Acutually it should be gradually getting cooler after mid-August,
We've got to be very carellufl and stay hydrated.
It's not related to today's topic, but I need to mention that a bad thing happend this morning...
I have to work hard on my experiments and application for the gratuate school these next few days.
In nowdays we have so many informations, what we hearn in the radio, see in the TV and read in the Internet.
If you are intresting in it, maybe we could follow it together.
Take this diary for example, I have written it for about three months bacause I'd like to improve my English skills.
In summer, watermelon is my favorate fruit.
In my opion, it is rare for such a big event to be held in China, so I should take the chance to visir the expo.
Since I love trevalling so much I faced many problems in order to have a good time.
When I look at the pictrues that I took during the trip, I remember all the happy memories.
Some people are singing a bit out of tune.* euphemism* But I must admit that it's far more amusant to hear someone sing out of tune then someone who sings beautifully.
Ahum...
They believe in their voices, altough it's so obvious that they can't sing!
And ``Easten Plays`` is a Bulgarian film.
This decision might chainge my life.
I played baseball from my childfood.
My appetile often disappears when there is a lot of load to take care of.
Everytime time I raised my head, I would feel like I was sinking.
Third, I watched a viedo about a cute kid who likes to recite poetry.
On the Wa-tokei, the day and night are each divied into six parts.
Although Taiwan is not a Cristian country, we like to celebrate this meaningful day as well.
And I ate a beaf steak and a chicken steak:D
I haven't eaten beaf for a long time!
I guess that the air is leaking from the torn cusion every time you sit down.
It seems that the suspect did not miss misshoot.
At that time, I lived with my host famliy.
Thay have three small kids.
They must have felt more scarly than me.
The thing I like about my university is that the whole education system is based on the one in the US, and that we have some profesors from different countries. It's all about getting a good start.
Never say never is a good song and it ispires me to hang on.
Every classroom has a veay largh TV set.
My univercity is in Xian but my hometown isn't.
He told me lots of things to say in order to have a successful bilnd date.
However, very lukily, I could escape from this snow.
Consequently, it was not easy to concentrate on wrok.
That wiil be a big lose if you have never been to Tainan.
It's really difficulf for me in this process.
I'm studying English at university, and I want to study Korean lannguage next year.
In addition, starting the day's work early in the morining is a healthy lifestyle.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I have made the right dicision to go there.
It is very confortable.
My teacher started writing on whitebood to explain something.
Or is it accedental?
So I will study Reading and Writting
hard work is hard wark... (???)
His father died of old age, and so three co-workers amd I went to Busan yesterday.
I'm working at a company ralated to the financial industry.
As soon as possible, I want to speak English fruently and write sentences in proper English.
I was waiting in the parking lot for cars to leave so I ccould park my car.
When you've finished somthing, another thing comes soon the next minute.
American football is very hard, but very interenting and exciting in terms of high sophiscated tactics.
What is most excinting in the American football game is hard TACKLE!!
it is one of big skarting boarding races in the world.
That's so amzaing!
I was so excited! I can't beliave that such players exist!
Fortunatelly, my wife and all my family were alright.
I have been preoccupied with the news of earhquake and radiation released from the Fukushima nuclear plant for the past week.
To be honest, I'm a bit worried about the situation surrouding Japan.
We practice using Japanese chopsticks propery.
It's really hard to explain in English, and it's very difficult for students to use them that way, because they are not familier with it.
One student asked me why I could use it so propery, and I told him because I am jaoanese.
Can you use chopsticks propery?
Well this moment I (space) Iam receiving English classes I would like to improve my English, because this way I wiill possibly pass the exam.
I'm 29 years old man who also love basketball, soccer, dirnking wine and Hugh Grant's homour sense.
I realised that Usagi-chan and me have a lot in common, so I undertstand my friend's comparison between me and her, and why they gave me the name:
Usagi-chan is very clumsy: I am extreemely clumsy, too.
I was interrupted and couldn't keep myself studing.
He was mad at my coming keeping hime from watching the climax; I also expressed my rage at the noise about the TV stopping me from my studying and I hoped that he could turn off the TV.
I told her that I will acompany her to see a doctocr tomorrow. We will go to the hospital at a half past seven tomorrow morning.
My house was damaged and flooded from the earthquake and tunami.
I attended the conferense about the next officer's exam.
Ahter all, I hope to be a officer.
Though we also use Chinese charactors, it is very difficult to understand.
The pronounciation is especially hard to get it.
Clearn Up
It is wormer here than Tokyo.
I believe this website is very useful, especially for english and mandarine chinese learners.
Thanka for your reply of a few lines.
So I can't write in this diary these days and I'm a little bit disappinting about this.
When he kicked a wall of a buildung, a man noticed and confronted him about his act.
I want to pratice English.
Basically, they are more than 5 minites long.
But you will not be bored becase they are stunning and fascinating with vivid words and melodies.
I was a little tited, but I still enjoyed fishing.
Hieizan, where I dated with my first girlfriend while in university. That mountain, even now, makes me a little sentimental.
I started runnig a month ago.
Runnig refreshes me.
I am going to univercity.
Today my classes are ``Social Poricy of EU,`` ``German`` and ``Sociology.``
But she is too caprisious and hot tempered for me.
Last night, after the Celebration of Chinese New Year, I text him, ``Happly new year, and I love you!``
No rejection, no consentment.
I took my daughter to the palce where this party was held.
My wife also had a year-end party with her colleages.
A typhoon is comming.
By the way, one of my front teeth is fake and it bacame loose recently.
Arter this, a new special lecture will start.
We deceide to eat roast pork belly.
Today, after lunch, I was watching the news on the intrenet while I was drinking coffee.
I was very interested and, I registerd to it immediately.
It is universally acknowledged that a pile of things have happend in China!
When it was Feb. in 2008 in most areas of China it snowed heaveily.
It experenced a lot.
So many things were destoried.
Buidings, plants ect.
It shocke China.
The 29th olympics was held succefully in the capital of China.
What made the Chinese sad is the ansrnce of Liuxiang who was gave the most expect. (?)
This month I'm very busy becase I have to do many things.
It about the school festical, I'm a leader of it; English and Korean studying etc.
So, If you want to become my penpal, plaese send me a
The Lang-8 system is a Japanese site but seventy percent of the users are forigneres.
If we recited a sutra once, we would live peacefuly in the next world.
I had nothing to do toay.
Therefore, today's daialy is very very short.
Tomorrow, I want to write a dialy with no Japanese thinking.
Saundy wants come...
My part time job is as a coffee shop assitant.
becouse, person not doing anything/ doing nothing
I like to make peaple happy, I am reliable and I have a strong sense of responsibility.
In my job, I succeeded to make repeat customers by meating their needs.
Finally, we decided to accept his request, although it was lisky and we waited for his answer till the morning of the first day of event as he wanted us to do.
I really appriciate the kindness and courtecy from him after the event.
But as for intermadiate class study free-talking so even if it will be beyond me, I want to try it.
I recomanded an LG phone as it is cheaper than other ones, but she wanted a SAMSUNG phone.
Thanks to her stubborn attitude we spent '5 hours' looking for an internet shop that selld the cheapest one.
If the goverment had more support for safe energy, I think we would be able to meet more energy needs.
I'm really lookin forward to that day:D
I knew this site because of AERA engilish and I'm interested in this site.
My husband has entried for the full marathon but he hasn't run such a long distance in his life!
I don't want to paticipate in any marathon definitly.
I thought that possibly his English is better than mine, but why didn't he directly call the Amrican department rather than the Japanese department? If he is in America, he should call the American department in English; so, probably his English is not very good.
Having a conversation with a native speaker on the phone can be extremely defficult.
They were so old that the corners of them were limp and it was difficult to fold them into a rectangular syape.
The sewing machine is my mather's and its isold and yellowish.
I reccomend it.
He sometimes made me read sentenses or words and teased me in front of other students.
There instructers always cheer me up when I can't say what I want to say.
My mother-tongue is Spanish so If you are interested in learning my lenguage please be confident about contac me:) and If you speak English, we can share our knowledge:)
For example, ``I would write diary everyday.`` I would never drink alcohol againg. ``Today I would studay more than 12 hours everyday.``
If you do it, nobody controlls you. ``
According to him, a very kind Japanese guy showed hime how to use a public bath.
It was very very delightful, because it was for the first time for me to have been quated and reblogged.
When I put on a skirt, it coudn't fit...
The Japanese labor market for telework and SOHO (small office home office) is still small.
I often see some ducks, so I took some picutres of them.
yestoday I posted an article about a museum, and nobody in this website could correct it. The title of that comes from Tofel, but I really don't think that's a hard thing to do!
My friend and I went to Dazaihu Tenamangu shrine and Rakusuien.
I bought Umegae-mochi (A-branch-of-plum mochi) on the street in Dazaihu Tenmangu shrine.
Aduls will pay 3000 yen (junior and high school students: 2300 yen, elementary-aged children: 1400 yen) to go up to an observation deck 450 meters above the ground.
ahaha chihuahuas are too funny.
generaly, people think that it is wrong to look at the past, but it amuses me.
My weekend plands.
My weekend plands are to do my part-time job.
The whole time, happiness was flowing across my cosin's face.
But for now, I simply wish that my cosin will live a happy life in the future and have a lovely baby some time.
Althogh I read the book so slowly and don't understand it all, someday I hope I can read fluently.
I bilieve that.
How about brithen??
Please check my Engkish!!
There were many believers and tourisms visiting the famous temple.
However, in high schools, we can't choose our classes, same as middle, and elementry schools.
So, the Australian goverment granted him citizenship
If students go to class and learn, according to school requirements, shouldn't theose students be allowed to express themselves in clothing?
If school adminstrators would just grant us some freedom in fress, we'd feel better in the classroom and be better citizens in the future.
As per our Chinese tradition, you can tell other poeple you are pregnant until the baby is 3 months.
Last Saturday, I got her phone call in early momrning, I was wondering why she called me at 7: 00 am.
I really want to be a good English speaker and writter.
Some appications of I pod are very useful for me to learn more English vocabralies and sentences.
Do you agreee with it?
Oh, I forgot to mention that our team had 5 memebers and I was the 2nd (second) one to do the presentation.
We were required to do a team task (``do a work`` is incorrect) to fix two problems---who has an apple tree in his yead?
Everyone of us were given 6 sheets which had different information and were told that we could commuicate with others using words, but couldn't show others our own sheets or make notes.
some example senteces are welcome.
I was freaked out and started checking the list of the recievers.
I'll go out since It's been a few days since I've gone out, because of the hard rain and strong wind of the thypoon.
So! I just returned made from the business trip to Hirosima.
They worked for my parent's small resort facility, but the building was destroyed by the Tunami and they lost their jobs.
So they came to Tokyo and bigan to look for a part time job.
It's my responsibility to help them look for a job and feed them untill they get their jobs.
My English listening and speaking is very poor; this usually spoid my job.
There are so many bad things happend everyday.
Things have happend, and the effect will not change whether you stress or relax.
I mean it's kind of a torauma.
Since we are talking about character, I don't believe a single judment can be made.
It depends on the individual whether it is his family or his social acquitances who carry more weight on his decitions and behaviour.
After they go through the first years of their adult life, youngsters usually turn back to theire families looking for support and advice.
It examined Royma Sakamoto, who was an historical person during the Edo priod.
It's diffelent from Starbucks.
Since then, intricate networks of power lines and utility poles have become prevalant in a short time together with human residences.
The variety of neon lights from dwellings illuminated a part of scenary through the window.
In Okinawa, at night, the sky is studded with twinkling stars that discribed innumerable constellations.
Now the beauty of the neon light from human civilzation are replacing the beauty of the light of the stars.
I ordered ``Today's Lunch Special``, which consists of a chiken gratin with salad and toasts and, one drink after a meal.
Because the first time I watched the movie was at the highst of (the) summer.
But I can't quit this habbit.
Actualy, I am a little worried about my financial situation even though I like hot pot very much.
We went to an all you can eat restaurant, and the price was NT550 per person, which is an equal to 15 us dollors.
Besauce the restanrant is too popular, we had to wait for like a half hour.
The Taiwanese guy asked my studnts's phone number, and she gave it to him.
They are friendly to foreigners especiall to white people and will seize every chance to make friends with them.
When we said goodby, my friends told me, ``This is the last time we can see you until you come back to Japan from the UK``.
I was moved so muc that I was about to cry.
I realizd I have wonderful friends and I should enjoy anything that will happen.
We hope that you'll enjoy tghese new features, and that they will help make Lang-8 an even more vibrant language learning community with a uniquely social appeal!
I'm studing English, because I love foreign countries.
Becuase I gained weight; about 2 kg, which is totally intolerable!
My apptie is kind of...
I was jsut wondering if this nightmare is because of my bad eating habits or the outcome of me working out at the gym.
lol But what really makes me nurves is that I
rupidly gained weight.
I know it sounds silly for boys to care about how much wieght is but that's what some of Japanese boys have on thier mind sometime!
Yet the proffesor always says that it is ``ok``.
In Englsih
It was not possible to go to nanode sea.
I'm going to Ueno Park which has a lot of cherry blossoms and is famouse for them and have a party with my friends this weekend.
I'm a planner working at a web service company which supports small retail businesses emarging in e-commerce.
and I arrieved in the city after 30 minutes.
There was a lot of delicouse food.
When I am enjoying listeng to music on my iPod (actually, it was a podcast), she told me that she felt like getting an iPod for herself too this morning.
After I had pancakes which host familly wife made, I hung around the neighborhood.
I asked AU about the charges but their answer was ``I don't know, ask the local cellphone company``. So I speculated that Rogers would handle this ploblem, but they had no idea about the charges.
But I could check some ingredients like thin pork, onion, potatp and carrot, for Nikujyaga which is a japanese cooking recipe.
I promised to treat my host familly to it someday.
But nothing happened acutually.
So I didn't cut conners.
so I made and intented to print it out soon,
When I cultured plants to test tubes, I have to heat the tip of Erlenmeyer flask with stealize water.
And I spraied alochol to my gloves to stealize them.
I want to try doing experiments carefull from today.
I wish this happiness could last longly.
The cakes were tomato cream cake, banana cream cake, and castard cream cake.
Castard cream cake is coordinative with americano.
A survay says that one can't just love only one person in life.
It is said in that survay, the average amount of times people ``fall in love`` in the UK is 13.
This survay really gives these facts!
I think it is because one may be attracted by differnt points or attractiveness of different people.
fiesty...
I'm glad if you can tell me the meaning of ``fiesty``.
Maybe she was scared of my voice and was warried about me.
However, I've just gotton well.
In addition, walking around and hiking aroud parks and collecting flowers and some plants are also good example.
There were some Chinease some Thai and some Japanease.
Casuse I have stayed in Hong Kong and Australia for a few months as a student, I remembered feeling so free then, as compared to now.
It is a pitty that I cannot get back there, but I hope and expect that I might be able to work at an overseas branch office someday.
I tagged ``my cat`` on my facebook cuase I like this title.
Becuase this title makes me laugh.
Nowdays the cold weather defies description.
But sometimes I cannot follow (the) cultural diffrences between Holland and Japan, especially being naked in public such as a street or a park.
Besides, I don't like Sasimi.
However, thoes factors also make rafting very exciting.
But when I meet a foregin friend, I don't know how to give an information in English.
acually, I had confidence about my English skills, and it's true.
But only with grammer...
I've been thinking that Korean and Japanese are very varied and higly developed in respectful words, on the other hand, English doesn't have any respectful words.
artical.
Then, I dreamed I went back to Japan but I felt bored so I cabe back to Malta and I started a job at a souvenir shop...
Many pepole think that Japanese cats generally eat fish.
I must pass the exam and continue to state univercity.
For lunch, I cooked an omlet containing fried rice.
He told me everythig is ok, but there are no trains running just after the earthquake occurred, so she was on her way back home.
I hope everyone in Japnan is safe.
I write a daiary in english and I have studied english for a long time.
I was sympathetic to the fact that creating a sastinable society means help from not only people in the government but everyone.
Although I think the tric to make it is difficult, it is very very important.
To be honest, I think what I said had some grammar and prononciation mistakes.
Firstly, they are both the most important day in westen and easten conuntries.
Then I need to change all the address registations on cards, insurances and registrations asocciated with the internet.
So, My younger brother and I will invite our close reltatives to a seefood restaurant.
If not, he would set fire to the home of the president of her agancy.
They sent them to the hopital.
My mother and older sisiter scattered roasted soy beans all over the place.
It also took more time than I had expected to fill ont the application forms.
I gradully am coming to love this school.
What shold you do to make your dreams come true?
I do such as eating, sleping and seeing people.
Today, I ate 3 sushi and miso soupe at Melbourne Central Station near my English school.
One of my habbies is flying RC planes.
I made a new RC plene.
The first flight was a nice flight but an accident occured on the third flighte.
I corrected and evaluated the compositions of 20 examees who took short-tempered Japanese training.
I want to ask of a. farvor.
(Sorry, I don't know how to explain it in Englishi.)
I tansfered at Taipei.
Fortunatally, it was low water season so it wasn't much harder than I expected.
I love this seasen in Japan so much.
Teenagers spend all their spare time serfing the Internet instead of studying.
The point is: if you have the main consepts of a question, you can make any theory based on them.
I bought a pretty pair of& nbsp; hot pink shoes so I can wear the new shoes tomrrow.
I don't want to be pesimistic, but my current workplace was a bit wierred...
Fortunately, with the progress in modern techonology.
convienent... etc.
Housekeepers can store some in the refrigraters and quickly prepare the meals for the whole family.
frozen food technology and the new equipements allows people to
accecibility and the convinence helps these people a lot.
Critcs may argue that the frozen food could have less nutrition or they cannot offer the balanced nutrition that people need daily to keep
In my opion, it might be an old angle.
in the aspects of fastness, accecibility, convinence, safety... etc.
Electricity and tapwater have been stopped in Ibaraki where I live 100 km north of Tokyo.
One of my favorit singers is Shouta Shimizu.
Now, a typoon has hit the island.
They said that Americans support the underdog so they supported Nadeshiko Japan who were competing against the chanpion, the United States.
In Japan, there is no such word as ``underdog`` but there is the same spilits.
Iventualy they became rich.
Today I have a/ the day off and I will try to spend it usefull. I will try not to be lazy and I will try to do what I'm planning for the day.
It's rainning today. so I'm feeling gloomy.
It has been rainning since this morning.
When I was looking for a hetol.
Blue seas, blue sky, seafood, a beach, sunshine, flowers, all of these are familar to me, and days pass on very quickly.
The Tonkatu mede in this shop was very delicious.
This makes them lazy in learning a foreign leanguage later.
I will ask many questations and try to be friends with the teachers:)
I envy that Europians allow (permit (?)) them to play music there. (Permit is okay)
She was helpless, crying out for help, and then, from the ashes, Harry Potter came to help her, using his spels and a magic broom to defense the scared ladie!
But that which not even Harry Potter had expected, happend: Hermione came all the way from Hogwarts with her new husband, Ronnie, and killed Harry Potter in the worst way possible, with a broken heart.
I used to go out with my wife to visit gellery and
Because even if I don't know them personaly, I felt their love and passion in their music.
When I speak and write English, I always feel the lack of my grammar skil.
We chenged to another point.
so I went to ``home plus`` whici is a kind of super market.
in the car returning home, I was happy:) I bought some apples, a headset, sparkling water and some plingles.
We had some bread for breakfirst.
I decided to not use translator to look up how sentences shoul look.
She looked after us, told us many intresting things about life in Sweden, and introduced us to Swedish cuisine.
I love reic more than noodles.
I would go on dancing but I don't have enought money.
Every culture has their own traditional way of conducting their wedding ceremony and of courese, we Koreans also have our own style.
Accessories like a ring, neckless and bracelet, hanbok, Korean traditional clothes, and more.
In the winter, you can go sking.
Please say many coment!!!!!!!!!
I want to speak English fluentry someday, and I want foreign country `s friends.
kanojo no oba ha (kanojo ni) okurimono wo. susumimashita.
Kanojo ha kare no heya wo soujou shimashita
Ototoi ajia kappu de nihono no sakka chiimu ha kankoku chiimu ni kachimashita
kinou no asa okaasan to issho ni isha ni (byouin ni) ikmashita.
sochira, sukoshi nihongo wo renshuu shimashita.
Onegai ishimasu
We will make some sandwitches and salad.
I visited my freind house, and there were many people there.
I cooked some dinner for guys. Before cooking I left my wacth on the table.
However, I'm not sure my wacth was on the table.
We had dinner and enjoyed each others company and passed the time. Then, I wondered ``where is my wacth?``
I was looking for my wacth but I couldn't find it.
While I only bought it for 10 dollors.
I am really rond of this site!
The Chainese wisky called PAISHU that my chainese friend brought for me as a souveniors, is too heavy for me.
But my stomack was satisfiied.
Howrever there is one problem.
I already know about the problem, so I will try to be deligent.
Do you think thart I can sleep enough tonight?
In such occation, it helps to just say ``Dobin, Chabin, Hage-Chabin`` on the street in a loud voice.
It's Goden Week in Japan.
My reserch was in intellectual law, especially patent law
Of Ofcouse my reserch was very difficult, but I loved it.
Therfore I decided to go to the Fukiware falls nearby.
For the first time, I know that Lang-8 is a good means of studing ENGLISH.
All the people in the village were very grateful and created this danse.
I feel so bad after getting angery.
Gundam seed distiny
Is he a clone of the armer polot army pilot (?) whose father is a heroic astranaut?
I had no plans to begin with so I went to school to check if the exchange list and the exam scedule was available yet.
Since there was a lot to talk about, I went with her to pick up her new pasport and she acompanied me to the supermarket.
My friend wich I was shopping with also does the same.
I was very amused because I really want to develop my English writting skills.
Awfull...
I belonged to rhythmic gymnastixs club.
Reading artcles and books about astronomy, science and world business is also my favorite hobby.
We don't like them because they're good at all sports (football, tennis, cyclism...).
They eat horrible things such as jely or pudding, which is one of the most horrific nightmares for a Frenchman/ French person.
-Africans (black people in general): they are lazy, only good at athletism or football (and they're not technically-minded, they only run).
French in general: it's agreed that we strike, critize, and complain too much.
And my car will be totall after test-driving it!
I only hope that when she wants help, I will hlep her.
When I knew that some famouse killers are affected by this book, it really intrests me.
Secoundly, I didn't understand well about why the book have such power at that age.
Last but not least, I like Holden's sister, Phiby, very much!
Today, I have become a new member of lang-8, this is so exciting. It's very intresting. So many people from other countries, they all chat about language and exchange ideas. So we all can improve ourselves.
I used to be able to play tha piano.
When I arrived at the studio, the cute staff took me to the reception and asked me to fill out a questionarie.
I want to be a reseacher.
Hi monkeys, you are wilcome here, but please do not steal my food.
She is kindful.
These seeds weed out other plnats, so the diversity of nature will be changed.
If tge diversity of plants is chnaged, the diversity of animals will also be chnaged.
The scosystem will be destroyed by GM seeds.
If we chnage our lifestyle and are more interested in protecting our nature,
its contente was meant to improve communication skills.
1) an eye opener for humns to see something amazing/ a way of entertainment.
We talk about how digusting the teacher and the school are.
We all have no freshness for the new semester like before, everything is so familar.
I was a system enjener in Japan, but I want to find anothe intersing job here.
I was so sleppy, I couldn't consentrate on class.
Being hitted on
Me: No, Janpanese girls use a lot of makeup!
Many girls make chocolate on thier own to give it to their boyfriends.
But Korean girls are previliged because we have White day!
(So I personally think it is really girls who have the right and power to make a choice.) Sometimes boys give some accesories or other gifts with candy to their girlfriend (s).
But if you are in a relationship and say to your friends that you are not going out with your boy friend on Christmas holiday they would think it is a little wierd.
Ah, this is a stroybook for children.
(For me, this is better for languages like corean, because study material is limited in my country).
They tried to talk to Japanese weman, and never to Japanse men.
But convesation didn't last for very long.
yeasterday I went to the supermarket.
I was surpriesed, so, I bought it.
Infact, I am a vegitalian.
I always eat carrots, bloccolies and so on.
how abou everyone?
I'm looking for new friends and pracise English together.
I'm Korean, 24, femail..
People who can't see theirselvs don't need help by a dog.
Rowling ``who is of course the auther of the Harry Potter fantasy series.
I registre on this site because I want to learn English.
Anyway, I'm studying real English, rescently....
Debuit!
He ack that he really cares a buppy in the computer.
I wonder if I need to put them in the refriger or leave them on the counter.
It's gon to come and take my
Tarot is a way of fourtune-telling.
I'm a fourtune-teller.
Fourtune-tellers has a part of counselor.
So fourtune-tellers need the ability to listen to other people's tellings.
Many people who need a fourtune-teller have big problems.
If you want to be loved on sightby everyone, becaome a good listener is very important.
I have a violin compitation tomorrow.
I bouat iPod touch, but I don't know how to use it.
Am I luckly?
An important feature of phrasal verbs is that they are tipically idiomatic.
Recenly, I had a wonderful time.
I have discolvered this website today, and, as I want to learn English for my job, I have decided that I will write one message every day in English.
But when I left home, the sun was shinig brightly.
I'm going to send New Year's cards to my old frineds as usual.
I will get on a brigde to see the first sunrise.
I have interest in language and cultrures so I begin to study English,
allthough I can't speak English, French, Japanese I will never give up
So this is very difficult, but I want to speak in English verry well.
So I want to find an exchang language friend. Let's be friends?
I have funny story about getting this nickename.
My name in Russian language can sound like Shura, wich is consonant with this tasty food.
The dish is made from grapes juse and nuts, and looke like red sousage.
I have a bolg.
You can insert the googole advertisement 'Adsense'.
That was a wondwerful event.
I have to cook my father's dinner at once, because my mather is out on a business trip today.
Nobogy is walking now.
I have been reading about the presect perfect.
Have I learned how to form cuestions properly?
But I don't know how I sould study English.
This is my first brog in this SNS.
In the end, the song we played live was LAST CRISMAS.
I was suprised to know the way different kinds of diets.
English grammar looks simpler than Polish, but it has many more prefixes and sufix (suffixes)-befor and after any word.
The question was 'If you only had one year to live, whato would you wanto to do?'.
However, if my life only lasts one year, I'd want to go to aroud the world by ship.
So I am studying English as a global lunguegh.
Especially, it has so many moutain.
I often walk near the moutain, and I am always moved to see beautiful nature,
I found I am very tired althoug I have done nothing.
We have to live separetly for the next 2 years.
Yesterday, my wife and I enjoyied talking with Skype.
After I checked into/ After checking into the hotel, I went to Union squqre to meet the private cable car that would take us to the dinner restaurant.
It has been a while since I've wirte here.
So please keep wirting here and I will continue to support you.
I'm depresseed.
Yesterday I lost my Polish-English phrasebook when I was buying coffe.
It is smal, red, and it looks like a dictionary.
My wife is flugal, my children are well-behaved and cheerful.
I want to try to understand forein people and get various
living in a storanger country, and I have no confidence in my English.
I like The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, and Simon& Garfancle.
to stand in the sciety.
and stayed loyal to Frodo although the latter misunderatood him.
The reason I went there was to buy some vegitables and other things.
New onions and potates are sold this season.
So, I bought thier in the vegitable shop.
I also bought eggs, stroberry, milk and so on.
I was surprised at that there were so many people there on a Sutsurday moring.
I throught I wouldn't be able to go to my music club today but I could.
I went to the college's clab house where I usually enjoy playing and listening to music.
But I am nt surprised.
Why is it that I live in Australia but can't make one Austrlian friend?
On the way back home after finishinga whole day of study, I thought about my parents who are working damn hard tosupport me studing in Australia; I couldn't stopmyself crying.
They are 50 years old already but are still working 10 hours a day for their disappointing daughter who is a stupit burden....
and I'd like you to help me with Chinsese.
gendle: male
Major: eletronical engneering and computer science.
This are speziel plants, because they subsist from/ they survive off of vermin.
I have to achieve this goal before Chinese New Year, because I want to wear beautirul clothes, so I just have three months.
Why are neighboring countries like China and Korea developping, and why is the Japanese GDP falling???
Koren drama used to be famous in Japan a few years ago.
The first three days, we'll stay in Chairns.
Sometimes a student asks me some questions about the English grammear textbook.
It's ranining today.
That's because I like sunbasing, swimming in the open air, and eating the freshest fruit.
I'm going to get wonderful bronze tan and a lot of unforgettable memories and good fotos.
My neme is shige.
Nicee to meet you.
Because I want to study abroad and go to law scool in America.
But my English skil is poor.
I deside to study English through this web site.
I used to commut by bike.
You are (all) invited to my Japanese style homemade ciber dinner party today.
Vermicelli soup-Seaweed and Okura
Oinari san-Rice ball wrapped in a thin slice of sweet flavored deep fried tofe.
Savory consomme Okura cold jelly
How can I controll this emotion??
The nuclear powor
Japan has been having trouble with the nuclear powor.
We ususally gather to admire the bright mid-autumn harvest moon and eat different flavours of mooncake.
If you have time to help me increase my vocabulary, I would really appriciate it.
I don't think we need that musiam.
They are crazy and makes me frastrated!!
I watched a random episode of Friends and realized how much I loved the show when I was younger and I totally shipped Ross& Rachel, because I always thought they belong togehther.
It's because speaking needs quick response and what's worse, the order of words in a Japanese sentense is quite different from English ones.
After I start talking, I realize that I should have started my sentense in a different order.
That's why I decided to start writing English sentenses.
Mie, where I live, has a fantastic city called Matsusaka, which is famous for delicious beaf:D
My frind and I stopped at a convenience store to eat icecream.
I want to have frends for all over the world!
My sister needed me to help her tanslat something from Thai into english.
But I am not good in English. So I tried to use a tranlat program to help me, but it got the the grammar wrong. So,
I'm going to ltaly
I have to admite that when someone says that he or she loves [enjoys] my writing it makes me happy, but that is [that's] not my reason for writing.
I had to write in English, but I'm afraid it is not [it's not] good enougth to write something good/ interesting.
I'm a unuversity student.
I don't know why or how they treat their bus, because everytime I took the bus, during the drive I worried that the bus might fall apart suddenly. (the bus company is located at a small famous town) BTY, the buses were extremly old, old enough to be junked, but I guess new buses are too expensive to afford.
Today I will introduce my favorate building ~ The Great Wall.
The labor force, composed of prisoners, soldiors, and workers, built the wall.
I entried the university and chose english literacher as my major, and I read a lot of english books every class.
sexual and humor!!
However, I take a senior course which is associated with my minior and that course's professor is the chair of that department.
The professor said to me that he knows I'm an international exchange student, but I have to speak more about the class and the next class he'll give me questions about a main sbuject.
I think it will help me to learn about English, but I'm starting to feel little vervous about that.
Right now, it is very fragrent in my room.
I was in right field when we were in diffence.
If you need further information, pelaese let me know.
I heard that American or other countries 'university students are more serious than Japaneese students.
He is ereven.
He plays games evreyday!
Recentry I've had trouble sleeping.
How comes it's dofficulty to sleep?
I want to buy skeating shoes.
I'm from Osaka in Japan, but I live in Santa Barbara in Carifornia now.
I have staied here for 2 months.
I really want to watch splended dances from around the world from now on.
When I write a dialy in English, I have my English corrected.
I had nothing to todo today.
He always thanked her heartfully.
What I Think from Reanding the Newspaper
Many comapanies have disclosd their financial results between April and June.
Of course, the earthquake also hit the Japanase companies to a large extent.
I started watching an episode from seoson 1 for fun.
Recently, I have been watching the 13th episode, of seoson 3 of that drama. My husband told me ``You look like you are addicted to that drama...`` However, I think it is entertaining and I think the writer of that drama is a genius.
Others said if Ilisten to English (English what?) one hour everday, I will be surprised bymy English after listening a month.
I prefer to as a foolish Old Man, and do something everday, and finaly I will be successful.
They were 20000 yen (200 dollors?)
She is a conservative and pretty girl, so I gave her a short message to say: 'I love you'. I thought she might be scaried, and she said she had a boyfriend already, and they were very happy, of course, there was a rule that teacher can't have an afairs with a student......
I would apeciate it if you could edit my writing or even leave me a comment!
I like snowboarding, but it's too cold to go oursideX X-<I'm planning to go snowboarding next Sunday, I hope that the weather will be good that day.
I kow but.....
I paticipated in a free trial lesson of English conversation today.
I think I will not pass the exa.
I have three chances to take the exa in this year.
It was just a nap, but I slpet nearly 6 hours...
I would like to tell you some detalis about my country, because many people have misconceptions about Poland.
I want a job as a mashine designer.
Somes scenes were pretty groce, but I'll spare you the details.
I have been checking all of the sysrems and funtion in ipjone
So one of my new year's resolutions is to publish at least onea diary entry here per week, even it will only contain a few of words.
I'm also ironic, sarcastic, audacious and really arogant (You have no idea...).
I'm going to go to Tokyo tomorrow, it is a horiday.
I had no horiday during this summer vacation, so I want to enjoy and relax.
The womam said to me: ``This llama belongs to me, and I want you pay me for the picture!`` I decided to give her some money to help.
Everyone everywher wants to get money from tourists!!
I thought he would just play around and not wander far away but, suddenly my dog wasdisappeared and I tried to find him.
But I don't want to because of the recent situatuion.
the illegalization of marijuana was done without any studies.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower when I went out with my girlfrend in Ginza.
It encouraged me to commuicate with others.
There were also a lot of people who spoke English well. They could speak with others easily and express theiy thoughts and ideas clearly.
yoiu can see that I'm totally not interested in what you are saying (those fucking business), and then you get piss off and say that I'm having a bad attitude.
We arrived at the beauty shop at 2 o '(2 o' clork).
I hate rapair to the train in the morning.
I feel that the Jaanese are very rough and that Western people are more like gentleman riding horse.
At the drop of a hat, I'll dump somothing into it.
I think he has a good personility.
At lunch-time, I had a supecial lunch.
My myfriend is a chef and cooked Japanese food!
First writting
This is my first writting on Lang-8.
I just found this site out accidentary, and I think it will help a lot to improve my English.
The other ingredients are Tofu, cabbege, pork and mushroom.
The robot girl can smail.
Hallo!
This is first time to write a dialy in Lang-8.
Please correct my dialy and be my friend!!!
This is my second exam (I have taken) sice I came to UNO.
My father, a retired policeman, said that if I want to be a policewoman, I have no need to get a Master degree and a Bechelor is enough.
Although ``know all`` is an ironical word, I still persue to be.
I counseled a cliant for my assignment, not for money.
We need to cousel other people and write reports.
The word means boys who cannot take an avtive, aggressive or enthusiastiv attitude, and do not have an affinity towards girls.
Like hourses, rabbits, and so on; not like lions, tigers, and so on.
Personally, I don't like effermirate, delicate men, so I hope ``carnivorous boys`` will increase more.
Tomorrow, I will have my favorit class, so I hope my cold goes away soon.
I had not ridden a ferris wheel since I graduade from school.
whennever you need me that I won't be far away.
He told us this joke; What's the difference beteween a pregnant woman and a ligt bulb?
I have used this tool to train my speaking skils.
I've studied English in order to obtain skils to read and write articles about various science articles.
In short, new scienctific words continue to be created.
The clumn went is like this.
However the balance of your account is resetted everyday.
This meams if you don't spend all of your money, the rest of the money is lost.
So you should do the maxmam with your ivestment.
In fact, I think it is very good to study English with a textbook that is written in englsih.
and I think using a Chinese for Chinese speakers textbook was pritty good.
Years have faded away many peoples 'momeries, but Hachi's memories never faded away.
I just don't know how and where I shoud start.
``Some of students said that they were good at Englsih.``
Also, I have to write some reprts...
Please help me to correct my artical.
What's the difference and how can I use it corectly?
An advertment
I always hear the sentence (nan datta yo) in the animes.
Do the lundry.
I'm goning to work starting next Monday.
It's a little bit difficult to sing English lirycs, and memorize it too.
so we dicided,
we went to the Chinese restuarant.
We orderd sisami chicken.
The Oevertime is usually 1 or 2 hours.
I like to creat games
So I like to creat all kind of games.
I want to make freind all over the world.
When I try to write a sentence in English I'm composimg a gloomy centence every time.
I have leant English for many years, but I have not found a good learning method.
I always see the spellng sheet before the test.
The neckless with two stars is his favorite one.
She was so friendry and smart.
I'm gonna write diary entries and essey as much as I can.
We can help each other! The whole world is so excithing, isn't it?
Just after running, I thouht I did not want to run,
Now, I have a little masucular pain.
I would love to learn feminine stuff that relates to American culture from her while I doing langauge exchange with her.
He is a panist and accordionist in England.
Surprisingly, she atteneded the same university as me but I never met her on the campus before.
I have studied engish hard since last month,,,
it's our city's most inportant festival, because the man who created it was our king.
I will keep on writting, studying hard and become a good speaker in English.
The Autum colors
I love to see the autum colors.
But I always fail to go at the best time because I can't weit and go before they look the most beautiful.
Since the temprature in October was so high,, the leaves changed their colors later than the previous years.
It is my secend time traveling in GuiLin. The last time I went to GuiLin was one year ago.
This time I feel GuiLIn will be a little noisier and it will be more moden.
The environment has been broken. I worry about whether in the feture GuiLin will lose its beautiful scenery.
Tish time I stayed in YangShuo for three days. It makes me feel like YangShuo is so small. There are too many people in YangShuo. I don't think YangShuo is OK with so many people there at the same time.
However, I must get the skill of writing and speaking English for buziness.
I am shooked (surprised) to know the reality about people living in a suburban area.
We enjoyed going to the grocrery store, preparing the BBQ, and talking about recentry things.
I `m a freshman at meisei universalcity.
I study english everyday. I think studying english is very interestig.
Because my unversity is in Seoul, I've been separated from my parents, who live in Chung-ju.
The reason I took that exam is that it will help me to manage a buiness someday.
I went to watch movie of brasil presidente Lula.
I was so excitited.
when we talk each other, I couln't help but feel embarrassed and stammer
It was very hard, but it is very helpful for my work as a cashier:) I am still in trainig; however, I have to run the till by myself.
I was delighted; therfore, I could really enjoy working today!
It has been a long time since we had been working together, meybe 8 years ago or so, but we still get together and go drinking around twice a year.
By the way, a Japanese actress whoes husband is American said, even if he is in a bad mood, once he eats pizza he changes to a good mood.
I'm glad to have joined this community, because I want to communicate with people living in other countories and to learn about their culture.
Even if I had a bunch of oppotunities to listen to English, I hadn't realized them.
They were very beautiful and looked like big frowers.
Finally, Tegomass whichi is a Japanese idol unit appeared on the stage.
I was so crumsy, wasn't I?
But thire power was great!
Even though I havn't watched this match, I am pround of the whole United team.
Shirakawa-Go is one of Janan's World Heritage Sites.
This paper presents an approach to support top-k flexible queries using Knowledage discovery in large data bases.
The new portable game machine Nintendo 3DS was released on February 26 in Japan for the first time in 7 yaers.
I'm curuous about how many people will buy it.
Pssive: Fruits are going to be eatten by me right now..
I look like I just had my hair parmed.
I made a lot of foregin friends and learned a lot.
I ordered a new iPod touch from Amanzon on September 2nd.
My friend told me about this website. When I joined in, I found that it's very intresting!
I'll write something to describ my life, and learn English with you.
Seeting Arrangement
I confess that I have worried a little whether I can graduate or not, sinse I submited a master's thesis.
I am going to intoroduce something I have learned, because it might help you if you live in Japan.
It is the etiqutte of seeting arrangement.
In Japan, higher-ranking people should have seets which are in the inner part of the room.
Thus if you invite your customers and clients to your office, or if you entertain your guests at a restaurant, you should give them the seets in the inner part of the room.
And you should sit down at a seet near to the door.
Conversely, when you are invited as a guest, you will be offered a seet in the inner part of the room.
I'm sure he was very anoying when Rowling sold millions of books.
For example, Whriting a blog becomes rpresentatives of morden life. Also, I write various kinds of blogs.
It seemed he understood how difficult it is to manster a foreign langage.
When he was a little, his parents encourag him to do everything which could do himself and treated him as a normal person.
The minimum tempereture in Tokyo was about 0C.
I like some American colture.
I often practicing dancing with my mirrow. However, I can dance freely at nightclubs.
Hellow everyone!
Her neigbours ofen helped her.
But I dont know what should I do, erveytime I look at a long English article,
That morning, we got up really eary and drove all the way to a distant aquarium.
It was good to see the orca, however, I had litte time to watch the other fish inside of the aquarium.
It took me several years to streathen my perseverance.
I often change my mind easilly and fail to get through some difficulties in my life.
My friends once said to me, ``You aren't matuer amply (enough?).
My writting English is better than my spoken English.
and encorage each other.
I will stay in Colombo for about helf a year.
But there was no coloer that I wanted.
Her clear explantions were good.
She even included a picture of an anvil, which looked weird and untique in my eyes, especially because it looked like a horn.
Well, I'm likely to faint with fatique, because I didn't rest enough.
As a matter of fact, I spent about two to three hours talking to my friends on Skipe and serfing the internet, so I didn't have enough sleep.
It coudln't be helped.
The least I can say is, I didn't waste my time thiniking about the things I could never change.
My job is as a privart tutor for a student.
I have recognized what I really don't like about coold wheather.
Every morning wokeing up is so hard. I am sleepy...
and outside also is coold.
It makes my activition smaller and smaller.
Idom of the day:)
Whenever I go home at night, I would stay overnight at Naijing and take the next avaiable bus, in morning.
It was so difficult for me while I watched this mivie.
I nvever thought that I would have to face that thing at this moment
It's nvever a problem for me and I always know what I want. What should I do?
Shopig Mall
Glee is about high school life and musical darama:)
``Soybean fliur`` is called ``kinako`` in Japanese.
Today my choise was Mary.
One sentense, or one word, I'll be happy.
I start writting this diary today.
Today, I'm very angry besause students at my university break the traffic rules.
There is a large road near my school, we mustn't cross the road near the school because it is heavy traffic and it's dengerous.
I like travering!!!!
I wish I can get to know about lots of eresting things here.
Hopefuly twice a week.
so I became a nember of a gym which is very famous here in Toronto last night.
I've just watched a sad episod of a korean drama series so I feel very sad now.
It helps me to learn a lot of information and knowleages about computer and software devices.
I know the Linux0. 01 architecture and how to impletement and compile it on my computer.
But if I didn't go searching any opportunity to meet such people, I could only see my collegue.
Most of their minds are limitted.
I've felt so lazy ever since I moved from Seattle downo to San Diego.
I can't even count hou meny times I get angry at them from the moment they wake up until they go to nursery.
I think I have the ability (or potencial, which is better) to study and enjoy tourism or hospitality. Give me a chance, I can prove my strength.
I spent an hour everyday, momerizing new words.
I worked hard indepently everyday.
I usually went to the library to momerize new English words.
So he decieded to try again.
I sometimes have difficulty reading an article or paperback, which is wrriten in English, more than usual although I don't know why.
The manager must speak, read and write Engish in a high level of proficiency utilizing technical terminology.
I'm not authorized to make a dicision from my company but required to make a dicision for my client.
Today I registed a Lang-8 account.
Nowadays, mobilephone phones are rapidly becoming common all over the world-even elementary school students have one.
I had work untill 12: 00pm last night and right now it's 8: 00am, the morning again.
I work for a Japanese restaurant as a waitless
remove the vacteria on the surface of your body makes you weak.
For example, he never eats at fast foods and he recomend
And he recomend for me to
friend wnet to interview in at the university.
Curry is hot, nan is a little sweet
There was a mirrow on the wall in the Cafe house.
When I reliazed that, I couldn't stop laughing!
Youtube conetents is good for listening practice.
Afterward, almost all of my colleagues went drinking aggain.
However I don't know if I will be able to do it this year becouse of my busy life.
Oh my God; It cost 80 thoundsand Vietnam Dong.
Luckily, I found a quite cute pig with a cheap price; just 10 thoundsand Vietnam Dong.
I have been living in Melbourne for 1 year, I feel my English skill is better than before, but I sometimes get disponted with myself because when I listen to news on the radia or watch TV,
Recentlly, I have been studying for the TOEFL Test to study abroad next year.
Because it is so different from Japanese grammar, and there are sentences which contain difficult words for me, for instence, ``anatomically``, ``Confederate``, and so on.
Nothing is diffcult if you put your heart into it.
So I believe I can be a good doctor in the furture.
I'm sorry I posted a new jornal.
It's great cuase you can go there just to kill some time and end up staying there overnight.
This week is bery hard for me, because I have part time job on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, I plan to play on Thursday, and go Kyoto on Friday. (^ ^)* Of course, I have class. so I must study.
I watch SESAMI STREET podcast on my ipod in English.
Koreans are usded to having an English name for easier communication with foreigners.
The closest prononciation
Becuase there are duties to do everyday.
Besides, I am a little uneffiecient so I cant do those quickly.
In my city electrisity supply has just recovered.
With angel faces and perfect body proportions (tiny face with long legs), they seemd to walk out from the pages of a fasion magazine such as GQ or ELLE.
I remenber some reserchers said looking at beautiful women can make men live longer because they can ease men's blood pressure and make them happier.
I'm so interested in other countries and culturel exchange interchange with many peple.
I guss my English is wrong.
I realy feel that I have to study harder
One youger member asked me a question.
I also have some appointments to have meals with my friends and colleagues this Demember.
my reasons to stady english
so I have to aquire English to work well.
My plan to study english is to write english compositions and to watch the DVD ``Friends``, which I heard is an intresting comedy in English, every day.
I heard there is a good Gyoza restrant near my house.
Lately, if customers don't exchange their cell phone, thay cannot switch to the low-cost-plan.
The other day, I went shopping, I spluged on clothes.
down the darin.
You had better think more before you pick someting up.
But I can't go beause of heavy rain...
I have been studying Chinese for six yesrs.
Midd-autumn festival
According to the law, every Chinese can get rid of their business (stop bussiness) to celebrite and enjoy themselves.
So, in spite of (despite) the high fee, we are glad to celebrite it.
Help me pease.
By the way, I started exercizing with a jump rope today.
Today I went to an At& t store and had someone put the screnn protector on my cell phone.
I went for a rounf of golf early Friday morning.
I'm a biginer at golf.
This place is usually for taking shower and has souna.
If you come to Korea, it will be a good expirence to go there.
The new one is always better for a visiter.
So now you can make sence why people go there to sleep.
It is like a domitary room without bed, just small mattresses
One for taking shower and others are for souna and entertainment
Some store have many programs during the day such as yoga lesson, dacing lesson, etc.
Koreans have a tipicall way of taking shower.
and he lives as proffessional composer.
Reading a philosophy cyclopedhia
Tomorro I'll write more than this; well I think so. See you later guys.
I ate a chiken curry.
I did nothing but drink alcohl.
I want to communicat with a lot of people.
I sutdeid English tonight.
I started reading the book, Wnnie-the-Pooh, which I received from my best friend Yang-gaeng.
The writer explained why his name is Winne-the-pooh.
Because I am a begginer at English.
The writer encoureged Piglet.
In spring every year, Japanese hold partirs in which they welcome freshmen.
A few days ago, a drunk celebrity was arrested on chage of indecent exposure, but many people signed a petition against this.
I should say ``arigato`` to him.
It is my first time to use this bolg system.
Probably most of you havn't ever heard about Miaoli before, since it's not as civilized as Taipei or Kaohsiung, but it drew people's attention by holding Taiwan Lantern Festival this year.
But it really was a great festival. You can see my picutres.
I beleive that there are many pictures of the Taiwan Lantern Festival.
If I want to use those three drives in the new one then they must be all connected by a ribbon cable to the mainborad of the new one.
From the last day of April to the bigining of May, many people have had a long vacation which is called Golden week in Japan.
during the mid exam priod, I didn't have enough sleep.
there were two guys who have big musle.
when I finished it, I couldn't lanugh about myself ^ ^
I appriciate thier help and advices.
I also have a lot of apppetite lately.
I'm focusing on studying English now, so I don't exercize enough every day.
Kiyomiya, a very famous director of a Japanese prfessoinal rugby team.
As well as me, my boss is also lookinng forward to meeting 'lang-8' staffs because we use and like it a lot!
There are differense kinds of 'Mikan'.
She answered it is caiied ``mandarin orange`` in English.
I will have to take this exam tomorrow becaouse the exam needs two days.
I `m the socond one, today.
I showed a taxi driver the acctual adress of my hotel but he didn't know the place.
I dicided to ask the taxi driver to take me to a place close to the adress and get out of the taxi near the hotel.
I lost my way and walked for one hour with big baggages.
ni-men-hao!! (Hi volks!)
Yesteday, I wrote the sentence which I wanted to have corrected.
I'd like to use this valuable oppotunity to improve my English ability through communication with people who use this site.
Though I read my text book, I can't juage if my pronunciation is right.
treatment due to their wealth and celebrty status.
pernabebtly though he later said he did so willingly.
They say that while ican African children from their extended familyis,
Do you have a favorite?
My brother, his family, my sisiter, Me and my husband my husband, and I gathered there.
If there are any disadvantages, it is that I have to get up ealry to go to swim.
Especiall how he used a trick get bear sick.
Ichiro has set a record of 200 hits for 10 straght years.
When you bite into on, it will dawn on you that the yellow part of the egg is solid and the white part is riquid.
I went to check for the time when a ship would depart [back] to Puert Galera.
S through the lauguage course that the university I'm studying at offers.
Hellow.
Especialy.
He is shy, so I thougt he would hate me.
(= this means grandmoter) ``, and he wanted to hug her.
The memo's contents are life, dialy, work and so on.
I want to study Engilish more so I can talk to foreigners.
I have to be carefull to avoid getting influenza.
Today is Chritms Eve!
I hope I can learn more Endlish and share my life.
Today, I went to fishing traout in Tihayaakasakamura.
I have to grade 3 types of placement tests for new foreign empoyees to work at Japanese companies.
Oh, I dontn't have time now.
There are many dishes and many thinds such as choppsticks and so on.
I think there sre too many dishes and we should get rid of some.
I was very unconfortable.
Thanks to them, I could re-charge, and I think I can manage my German vocablary test and report.
my mom has a strange charactristic, she is always on the ignition to me, mabey beacuse of her busy work, she is always unhappy I don't know how to communicate with her!
Today's menu is Kimuchi fried rice.
Have you ever eaten Kimuchi fried rice?
I'm a unversity student in Japan.
I'm interested in this matterial because some CNTs behave as semiconducters, while other CNTs behave as metals regardless of the fact that both of them are made of the same carbon.
When we are able to make some deviceS from CNTs, we will be releaved from this problem.
If I feel that if there is something wrong I countinue to think and not act.
The Docter said ``you may have gout``
When I first saw this cartoon was five years ago, my foreigner techer showed it to us, but at that time I didn't know the meaning about that beacuse it had no translation.
One of my friends is going back her own country at the end of Octorver.
I'm looking forwerd to meet a lot of foreign friends.
I was too tierd to do a lot.
My ferverted appetite may be beacause of frustrations rather than longing for food.
I will introduce you to an interesting article in the moring paper.
Teachers are Fillipinos or Fillipinas.
The reason is because of it's aninexpensive expense.
charcter and characteristic
Before that, I had been working at the front line of research and develoment.
thai is exciting to me,
I have followed all the news on TV recently about the disater that occured in Japan, it's too terible and unbievable, not only the impacts on economics as a whole, the disater also impacts the mental state of its people.
Solted grilled fish and fish hunberger steak. (Spelling)
But it began raining a alot at night.
I think it's better to make Honey excercise earlier.
Sorry I was not keeping my dialy
I want to improve my English level with nice people's help, besides studying by meself.
I made a big coaster and a small pompon with beautiful colored felts.
Can and can't issue-could someone familier to American English help me?
Distinguishing between them is really important, because the meaning is opposit.
An Bulitish person once told me that they pronounce ``can't`` like, ``kaant``, while they pronounce ``can`` like, ``kan``.
Could someone who is familier to American English help me?
This term, there is a new English teacher. He is very handsome, humourous and full of personality. In his class, we are relaxable and laugh all the time. We hope we can improve our oral English.
In the futher, we will be able to talk with foreigners easily.
I'm sure it isn't a dream or a hope; it will be ture.
Learning langages is learning a new way of thinking.
Both Langages for computers and languages for humans broaden my world.
But when seeing it from another point of view, I was surprised that so many trains run punctually and many people rely on the railway system so much that they get angry because of a slite irregularity.
I learned many new words from the subtitles and I practiced my lintening as well.
To write something in English is diffcult for me.
Please give me your knowledge of Englishu.
And, I will go aboroad.
I am watachiing TV 'PONYO', (which was) created by Miyazaki Hayao.
I like thier singing!
I really love thier sound!!
Imagen what I am trying to express.
I also spent a lot of time in the green areas/ green parts of London, my favorite park beeing Regent's Park!
One of my only bad memories is an incident in Camden Market where two irakians became pissed off when I didn't want to buy what they were selling and one of them even threatened to beat me [up]!
Today I finnally got to relax, because my niece was not home.
Gennerally, my elder female cousin offen askde me to give guidance
Usually, I treat it as intreasting,
but sometimes I also felt a lottle tired.
But there is one problem, whitch is that we can't borrow them.
It's silent in the office, our boss is travlling ~
We have nothing to do, so I stard to daydream.
After lunch we strolled along a small streeat.
(acually I don't remember exxactly, but it means nearly brilliant)
I am worring...
But I could not go to an amusement pakr because of the rain.
I became a menber of ``Lang-8`` today.
He studies athretic training in the U. S.
A movie called ``Alice in Wonderland`` was shoen today.
It stuks that it's way to hot!!
It is holiddays season in Korea.
I'd liket to make many
The man was eating Poteto cheps. It was very noisy:(
However, traffic accidents caused by bycicles have increased.
So the Road Safty Association proposed a conclusion of the bill related to bycicle's road.
They are in the traning department in a Tully's coffee Japan.
It's been a while since I wrote my jounal.
I was busy and I acutually forgot about Lang-8.
I became their fan when I heard ``American Ideot``.
I discovered this web site accidentlly.
This is the frase of Owl City's ``fireflies`` song.
I have to go to the immiguration office to solve this mess.
I went to LOUND-1 last Sunday with my friend:-)
We ate misokatu.
The travel was so good for me, becouse it changed my sense of values.
But if they study the language, it will be possible to express theirself.
My daughter's gramma set up dolls for the day.
My family and friends in Japan were ok but we can't really feel at ease.
American Yahoo accont
I strongly recommed you to make one too.
I was suprised by that guy at first.
No, I'm kidding, but it is true that many people here have fine mustuches, and now I have a mustache too.
I hope that either she will change her mind or my razor will suddely start working again.
I take lessons evryday.
She was really friendly and kind from the beggining, so it didn't take so long to get closer.
I go to univercity near Nagoya city, Aichi prefecture.
I have been here for 2 months since I've been admitted to this univercity.
I've not been doning it, but I was interested in it.
recentry,_ we have been getting interested in ``eco``.
These are said to be ``eco-friendry``.
But,_ I think these are just more friendry than what they used to be.
I think what we should do from the biggining is hold back and use what we already have with caution,_ not buy new things.
Notthing at all.
If I feel hungry, I will go somewhere arond here to find something to eat.
Whoever is asleep, sleep tight. Whoever is eating, eat something delicouse. Whoever is daydreaming, have a good dream..
I-cried-out-in-spite-of-myself-``unbeliebable``!
My father is the director of a semicondouctor company.
I'm sure I will become a susccessful student at junior high school after graduation.
the deatails and he agreed to hire me.
Before I started working there, he sent me a message and said he didn't want people in April, he would let me know again in May. Today he sent me a message and said he already has someoen to help, and if I am interested he will be hiring again next month.
While I was waiting to start work I practiced using Phoshop a lot. Before I had planned to learn Photoshop for a long time but I didn't have time to learn it.
Noy, who is going to continue her bisiness again..
The reason is that a caregiver's salary is lower than other jobs dispite the hard [] work.
And customs are a little defference in Japan and the Philippines.
I think the Japanese goverment should always support them.
It must be that something happened because two polic cars passed.
The public security in Japan is good, but crime is ererywhere.
noticed the adress data was missing.
the& nbsp; adress again.
It will be the eclipse that lasst the longest time in the 2000 years.
I think that English conversataion schools should charge
I was happy to hear the phrase ``you name it`` on the radio. On the FromAmerican Forces Network in Tokyo.
But My callphone wasn't ring at all.
Other contestants ricited formal speeches, for example some presidents 'speeches.
I thought my recitaition was out of place but one of the professors said it was good because everyone knows the story.
They will explian to them about their medical treatment proceess with a kind smile.
But I can go to the rever.
When I was a student at university, I crimbed it two times.
First, it was rainy and I couldn't crimb it on the top.
When I crimbed it at midnight so I could see the morning sun,
Maybe they will offer me some help for my hard study and maybe I will show them around and bring them to some excitting places in return.
I taked to two Filipino women with Skype
I taked with two Filipino women with Skype tonight.
I have done soccer, swimming, volleyball, running, and dogeball.
That day is a special memorly for us.
it opend in octber in japan.
She is a very butiful Spanish woman.
I have glasses and cotact lenses
I do not believe in mysticism, but maybe my team has a bad carma?
I'd like to know that if people use this phrase in their conversetions?
I'm excited, but I feel a little aneasy.
Every morning, I get up at the same time, eat vreakfast and go to school.
I wnat to meet crious people from other countries.
A woman taught the vialin at elementary school.
At last, they played at Camegie Hall.
Someone I know from New Zealand always sais ``Retarded!``.
She sais that to me and she sais that to anyone or anything.
I think we have no right to say what is good or what is bad, every character has its beautiful sides, differences make this world colorful.
Kawaii means cute, but I think kawaii contains other or defferent meanings, and it is unique notion in Japan.
So I guessed that the person who holds (or held) that party must have conceidered to appeal it world wide when he named the event.
Following the Oxford English dictionaly, cute has three meanings:
who is little blaind.
Learning by myself is agressive.
Before that, I doubt that this passege is readable! (+_ +)
I went to two University festivals in Tokyo, a musium and a movie alone.
It displaied the History of Letters and stamps.
He wants to be the wonderful parent, the great couple, the successful business man, the great player and the inteligent doctor.
Even on the other side of successful career, for exapmple beeing a hippy.
I could not move my arm the same as before even after the lihabilitation.
In Japan, most high highschool students wear loafers when they go to school.
I feel confortable;)
This is my secound time to writing a diary.
And we must live it so as to feel no torturing regrets for wasted years. Never know the burning shame of a mean and petty past. Live so that in dying we might say: all my life, all my strength was given to the finest cause in all the world-the fight for the Liberation of Humankind. ``l hope everyone can read it in their free time, l belive you will like it.
I hope my friends ``will`` make ``evrythings`` all right.
I've recentry begun to like jazz.
Maybe because I'm a biginer...
We walked for 2 hores
Hyperthermia currently is a sereous problem in Japan.
Be confident and perseverant!
I love this style, I just want to see something while I ride my bycycle.
I can go manywhere I want.
This is the time when junior high school students take the entrance exams to get into a pubric high school.
I couldn't find any empty seats so next time Iwill come in the class earily.
and I have many friends in the domitory and classes this semester.
I am fed up with arguing about probleams.
It is the first time I have gont to the Mexican restaurant.
Sometimes, I dream of speaking English enfluently.
I am afraid to be an audlt.
or I am afraid of being an audlt.
Hellow, everyone!
Today, I made a gratin for suppur.
The produce is very freash.
Tometo, cucumbers, eggplant, poteto, pumpkins, cabbage,
I am happy to find a site like this in which I can study foreigh languages.
The world ecomomy is in a serious depression, paticularly in America.
The lake was glowing and shimmiering.
I went to the Yahoo Dome last Satuday.
Autumn has come, they appear in tha trres.
The graduation ceremony of our universty takes place on 17 March.
We go ther and see off students who graduated this year.
A Japanese girl who is 18 years old and can speak English well came to the inn yeasterday.
What a little devil, she doesn't have enough experience about anything, but only your sex experience is moer than ordinary, is it?
It has a soy souce flavor that's a little sweet as well.
Because we have commen topics and talked very well before.
I said I will get off soom.
And we compared the phiosophy of love between Japanese and Korean people.
I'm not goot at electronic staffs... so now I'm fighting (struggling) with them.
With all other universities that are public of my country, whe are protesting for a better education, that is equal for all.
but the guberment of my country, doesn't like this; they allow good qualty eduacation for only a group of selected of person.
Also when whe try to protest, they put the police in the street, with the order to arrest for no reason, with the utilization of excessive force.
My major ploblem in studying
The cartoon's title is ``to run, Honie!``
I wish that all that is happening in the world will sometimes be solved by children's thinkig which is naive and simplistic..
I staied in this house for 2 years.
Against my expection, I'm having an enjoyable time here.
It means the renion of families.
unfamilar with this young festival.
People who own privite cars are encouraged to choose bicycles or
Spring is a nice season for cycling, so I want to do it again and discover iteresting things!
I had two cooking classes, in one I beked a pound cake of mugwort and in another I cooked some beer fritters.
My dormates are still in their beds.
bbish it's rabbish, isn't it?
Hallo.
I could pass it sefely. Wrong spelling ^ ^
Hello, friends.. studying aother languages seems difficulte if you don't hve the will power to do it. As for me I plan to do it with a iron will. I like to study other languge.
I am so nervous that I can't speak Englsih well, even I can't speak Japanese very well.
However, I feek so isolated that I can't open my heart nor relax myself.
and it sturucked the mainland of Japan:(
But yesterday afternoon, my classmates called me, saying that if I go swimming with them, then I would feel cool in such hot wheather.
Although I was in bad mood, I still accpeted the invatation.
The air was filled with noises. It seemed that there were so many boiling dumplimings.
However, we still had a great time there though it was too crowded. We palyed the swimming ball, had a competition of 50 meters speed swimming and had other games.
I can also play the gaitar.
She was afraid of the dark, insects, tthe color black (she belived that if she watched for a long enough time somthing colored black, a monster from the Black Kindom would come forth), touch a scary picture (she thought that if she touched it, it might attack her), snake, knives (she thought the knives might want to cut her) and many other stupud things.
All her pocket money she spent on clother, knives, parties, and alcohol.
They belive that any day Amy would come back.
Now Amy lives with her mum and dauther.
Her deather Lisa is 4.
Yesterday I went a bar with my friends and drank alcohol to unwind, and there, I plaied Genga for the first time in my life and it was so exciting!!
I heard (that) it was fun, but I didn't know how hard to concentrate to get rid of a piece from the colum.
And why we are given our own concious.
The bottomline is that something commands our superior to tell us to do something, and then something mkes us feel against.
Actually, I was suppused to go to my lab and introduce our lab work to interested students.
I spent too much monry this week.
Do you like the time when you know that if you want to go to other country, you won't need to go to somewhere to get a visa, you will just press your robit's hands and it wil bring you go to anywhere that you want.
Exotix Zest
I watched ``Heroes`` tonaight.
I am glad to have everyone to help me to improve my langauges.
Also, I want to get some techniques to improve my languges.
Everybody has stories to tell and I can also say taht story-telling is a part of our lives.
A little while ago, I wathed a TV programme that introduced pancakes in Hawaii.
Raising kids/ children is very hard, especailly two children.
I can't imagin what kind of mom I would be.
It is vey sad that tomorrow is Monday.
It raind hard.
Today I almost overslept becouse my alarm clock didn't ring.
It was a good day becouse I did it all with my girlfriend.
Oh, I have a feeling no one ges them to her.
So I try to look carefully around the holl and at costomer.
so I couldn't concentrate on the costomer.
I had to go to Google Japan inc., on bussiness.
Today I'm going to Gumi for a business tirp.
I read from a news articles that the average population age is the yougerst of the cities of Korea.
I don't know if it's dangerours or not.
With work, I'm chosing a fatastic relationship..
Lul:
My Vietname colleague asked me to go to a karaoke shop and I went to karaoke.
There were many people who sung songs in Vietname.
Most of the songs were Vietname.
It was a good way to experience Vietnames life.
Recentry, cities have been very lively.
I was cheered up by the beautihul display of lights.
I've just organized a Free Japanese conversation club around Tokyo for forigners.
I want to gather forigners who live in Tokyo.
So, I need to write a jornal about this, and paste ather web site or make some fliers as notices.
Well, I wrote the jornal right now.
<The jornal>-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Free Japanese Cnversation Club@ Tokyo.
This is for forigners that live around Tokyo and want to study Japanese or make Japanese friends!
Gethring and talking using Japanese. (No Japanese skills required.
so the only myclass I attended was ``gender and modern society``.
There are some mixed bathings in the countryside of Japan.
Sometimes I don't go to class, and then afer class I do not catch up on work.
My husband had a cold latery, so I must have caught it...
Recent, I wrote on lang-8, but lang-8 didn't recived.
She has a long hair and coffe-brown eyes ^ ^.
I'm pround of her. She is a student at an university. Her university is a dream of many people in my country because It gathered excellent sudents.
That resoult worries me!
I was very worried, because the test resoult is level 1.
The basical rule is that you try to beat your opponents by throwing your cards away.
People have been making laws since ancient times. If there weren't laws, many people would kill each other and we couldn't keep managing our society.. Laws berely restrict our instincts.
Nobody would deny my opinion, because all people have emotions, such as hatred, grude or jealousy, against someone.
Light was gradually desappointed in laws and police agencies.
From then on, Light called himeslf ``God of the New World`` and started cleaning up the world.
My husband and I had been concerned about the poor visibiity of the front part of our car which we just got last month.
The sauce was made from soi sauce, garlic and honey.
Though everyone looked tired, we enjoyed climbeing.
But I couldn't enjoy the beatuful view from the mountain because of a dense fog.
Today, I decided to go downtown and join a weekly free talking (conversation?) club organized by a lanugage institute.
Yet, unfortunately, they said today there was nothing scheduled becuase it is a term-break period during a public school vacation.
I've never booked an ecounter (the lesson with the teacher) at a time without ``war``.
The girl from the Cultral Bliss club gave me three Mexican rolls (sorry, I don't know its name) today, saying it would be the most delicious food I've ever had.
As a responsibility of his job, Barry has to search for the statistical data of average revenue in spcific occupations.
In Japan, ordinary people who have public health insureance pay only 30% of the total cost.
In my class, teachere said;
My hasbund and I went to the hot springs last weekend.
and of course I have to answere them in english.
if you found any mistakes or kinda correct but awkword expressions, please correct them.
I'm going to go to the restaurant called ``sitamati no Sora`` (it means ``downtown sky.``)
I hope to don't commit errors othrwise I will receive (?) your corrections.
Melody is the the little girl's name, and the soundtract of this movie was produced by the band ``bee gees``, whose music is relaxing and comfortable.
I will go to the Youtube website and almost all I watch is coverd songs.
I hope, therefore, you will correct my diary, and please be friends with me if yor don't mind.
Sometimes I just want to talk to her and listen her voise, but I don't know what to say.
Read a dectionary?
When I came back from the depatment store, I tried to find one on the internet, but I can't find one yet.
It's a celemony for young people who become 20 years old.
And also, I want to ask everyone: do you have a such a celemony in your country?
I starto to learn english today in lang-8.
If you are a vative English speaker, you can join us to tell us how to study English.
Soon I will study Chinese or Japanese at Univercity, but I don't know exactly what else...
I'm not sure how I can make the sentense if I want to talk about this topic.
Are these sentense correct to say?
A lot of mosquitoes come into my house every summer, so I have to take my anti-antimosquito device out of the closet.
I woul like to know the difference between
Andrea LeBlanc's life compleately changed after 9. 11 in 2001.
He had been teaching cultural geography at the University for 35 years untill he retired.
Dad just said the same thing. yeaterday. ``
I chage my instructors a month ago and I am not use to the styles of the current instructor.
You can barbecue (or grill) whatever you like, such as sliced beef and vegitables.
Usually people go to Yakiniku restaurants for dinner with their families, freiends, colllegues and so on.
So when I get enough skill, I can teach anywhere in the worls!!
Since my senior delivered a really good extemporaneous speech that dealt with disguise in food and whislebrower, I thougt that he would be the the best speeker at extemporaneous speech, but, to my surprise, two out of three judges gave him third prize.
The reason they gave him the third prize was that he delivered the extemporaneous speech so well that judges thought that he prepared the topic and luckily picked a good theme (In extemporaneous speech, speekers are given a theme.) randomly, so the two judges lowered his score in order to be fair to other speekers.
League, so it is the contest that determins the best speeker in E. S. S.
We are very gladful to the international assistance.
I live in western Japan and have been very worrrying about the region. I have been thinking about what I can do to help them by watching TV programs about volunteer programs.
how to keep a arelationshiop
I am strugling with a long distance relationship.
Tv influencial people's behavior.
I think there are many positive influences that come from wathching Tv, but when I see the word influenced I come up with negative things all the time; it's too bad, and maybe I should be forced to write about problems.
Today, I'm happy because this is my first Engish journal entry.
Actually, I don't khow what to write.
I will go carzy.
My boyfriend and I planned having a date on that day, but we couldn't because of his grandfather's oparation.
To be honest, I am disapointed our date was cancelled.
However he sent me an email and promised to cellebrate it next time.
Somehow, I foud myself tired of this boring life that I am living now.
I am learnning both English and Japanese, but they are not as easy as I thought.
I took a deep breath and said to myself, ``There are things that need to be changded``.
I was in eastern Europea, Budapest and Prague, their beer was much cheaper than in Norway, where I live now, so there was no reason to stop drinking beer for the whole 2 weeks.
We have met befor,
Annette: I really really wated it, but I couldn't find the store.
It was hilorius!!
I couldn't beathe well!
So, I can baite him from the tail, better than eating him from his head.
We were really busy in preparing, and we just couldn't stop practing!
What a funny scense!
My teacer gave me this chance because she knew that I want to major in English in college.
The compositipn titled ``A Field Trip.`` I wrote somthing interesting and what I learned from my graduation trip.
I wish that every senior will have a beatiful furture!
At first, I was happy that I don't have to do house work, but now I feel bad for my sisters who are jealouse!
In the new year I hope that I can get a great TOEFL grade, and I hope that all my family and friends will be happy all hte time.
I went to KARAOKE yesterday because the Freshmen party was held by the one of the fhreshmans in the university which I will go to.
Also, the affect of the earthquake still contines.
I felt guite curious, then took it off and decided
She has read innumerable books and we ofen discuss the content of some of those we are both intrested in.
She prepared for the examnations last whole year because she planned to study further in the USA.
I was actually hoping to eat at this restrant.
So I was very excited and it made a deep impression on me when I ate Thai thaifood.
I almost lost my life, but I at last defeated the difficlt and caught my life again.
So I hope everone can have a happy life, I desire happiness and health.
I desire to improve my English, and can speak infulent English to talk with my friends.
In the 20th century, our right of existence was acceptted.
In the 21st century, our right of non-existence will be acceptted.
I will vist the US next year so I need to know more about US culture.
It's defference from Japanese culture.
It is absoltely rubbish, but can you guess why I wrote like that?
The Korean woman who served him in the small restaurant was probably suprised because, usually, Koreans don `t expect an expat to speak Korean fluently.
BTW, I `d like to recommend chili papper Kimbap if you like spicy food.
So I want to pratice writing first here...
He told me that the Spa is becoming popular in the Filipin.
We think it is enough to have rice balls even if without side dishes for luch or dinner.
First of all, boil soy beens.
My new work place is situated on the outskerts of Seoul, surrounded by the greens.
remainds me of the forests in New Zealand that I've visited 10 years ago.
Today, I joined the language learning current of lang-8. I am very excided!!
It will make me vigroous.
The collor around me was changed from the moment, he said we have to, divorce, from a pastel color to a dark one.
I will go to the library with my friends after finifhing my classes.
so some messages are from Erope, Thailand, and Argentina (which, bty, is located on the opposite side of the earth!!)...
I dontn't hate it.
Can you read what is wirtten in the photo?
But I can't take consective days off.
It was forrible!!
(Reading picture books for the studens in my son's elementary school, and English books for mothers and children at the City library.) And today, the seasonal ones (work?) have started.
Last Friday, my son cought a cold.
Becouse I changed jobs this month, I can't take a paid holiday.
It's a greate place, but not a very good time.
because it's first time to wirte my diary in English!!
But I'm a little bit worried about my Enlish.
Congration!
To tell you the truth, I still dont wana go back my country, Japan.
But unfortunatully, its a time to go back and, it's time to speak about what I've done in the U.
To bigin, with I really appriciate having been given an oppotunity to study at St Norbert College as a ESL student.
For almost seven months, Ive studied English at St Novert College.
For almost seven months, I've cosidered that, I am talking to people who have totally different backgrounds from me.
Since coming back to Korea for the holidays, I have been hanging aroud with friends.
I wore a sisiter's costume.
It was popular with mothers, but littel kids don't know who the sisiter is.
Some students thought I was dressed as a ghoust and felt like crying.
There are 2 more months untill this year is finished.
I have a problem at nigth!
July 2-5 I had my gueat.
A beautiful girk from Malaisyan and her parents.
We went on the open briges at night, and saw Night City, but my guest was very tired and slept the whole way.)))
Trouth 3 days we all understood each other.
Sopaholic (I think) series by Sophie Kinsella and Dean Kooontz's books etc.
What I wanted to write in today's entry was that I need to reviw my posted enties and check my weakness in my English one more time.
``Whenever I call your name, I feel my tongue rolling smothly.
plese help me with my language and problem.
becaues I was very sleepy.
Japan's climate is probably subtrpical.
I loved her so much but I can't meet her in a reall time anymore.
I was surprised at the safty of New York.
Before I went to NYC, I thougt it was dangerous to use the subway at midnight in NYC.
But there are many imigrants in NYC, naturally.
I feel NYC is one of the most adrable places in the world.
I konwed that my blood type is O after I checked, and I heared that it is better to donate 200ml the first time.
Studying languages has always been a topic amomg people.
In short, a brighter future is waiting for us if we make good use of the studing in our school.
one little girl passed on the road by the beautiful buterfly, the girl looked at the buterfly.
and the girl said: ``the buterfly is so beautiful``
I went there to attend an english coversation lesson today.
Althougt I filed a complait to him, I didn't feel good.
When I feel stressed I like to take a long bath or watch a moive.
I prefer comedy moives to action moives.
It is fun to watch if there are unkwon actors in the movie.
I heard Michael Jackson say ``I love you more!`` in a vidio.
I wonder what it means exectly...
Second, I jogged 5 miles this morning and practiced golf in the driving range for 3 hours.
I wanna be a translater.
A well-known hynotiser was invited on the show.
He hynotised some audiences by giving orders while they were somewhere between conciousness and unconciousness.
If we are saying some negative things about ourselves, we are hynotising ourselves in negative ways.
Because we were there from openning time to closing time, my legs were starting to hurt.
That night, we had a lot of fun tallking.
We had a relly good time, though we were tired.
Because her birthday is soon, we gave her a dinner chicket that night.
I would understand it if I excercise that day.
But I haven't got any exercise recently and I don't do hard warking either! So it's a mystery for me to be always sleepy recently!
When Isoak in the bethtub, I sleep there for 30 minutes.
(As the image sugest, I will need a lot of strength heh heh)
And do you have another story about enterig a university?
Secend, I think nothing is more urgant than learning vocabulary and the fundamentals of grammar, even though the speaking and the listening are also important.
I am confued.
My weakness is if I make a dicision on something
After thinking a long time, l finally make a dicision.
It seems like the inside exposure's damage can be lowered by taking iodine as it halps the body excretes harmful chemicals.
But please don't take this too seriouse.
I wrote my last dialy about 5 months ago.
Althougth I'm very tired to have walked so long, it's healthy (for me).
Some of the important elocutions are simplified or left out, so I (often see) came to see that the subtitles aren't (always) consistent with what the movies really want to say.
I wanna see a lot of gellery and musium.
I have loved a boy friend until recentry.
This is anbarance!
But I sill want to visit Australia again. Maby I will go to Sydney next time.
At first, I checked my emaiis and then began my work.
Of course, we wouldfeel the sense of alieanaiton when we see foreigners at airports or other countries or our towns.
Would you imagine if your country is a samall island and if English is spoken in only your country, it would be a big disadvantage for you guys.
But foreingers have been speaking English since they were little as a public (international?) language.
But of course they only spoke English while we were drinking, I counld not join the conversation.
and may be Eastern contries.
I hate the weather in Fuzhou, because it varies so much! Yeterday it was so hot like summer, but today it's back to cold!
It's midnight and there are a lot of mosquitoes llying around me! = =| | |
Does this sentence make sence?
Our center dining room is in the center and it is the most popular canteen in our college, however it has both advantages and disadvantages.
The cheaper price and the better qulity are the characteristics of our center canteen.
I like Sichuan food best, not because it is has a havy taste, b ut because it has a special smell.
Meanwhile, all kinds of food in the center centeen are cheaper than the market.
Moreover, we can only have a limited varitety of dishes with little change every year, which makes eating here very boring.
I like Onsen very much bacause I can relax.
After soaking in the bath, I will eat delicious japanese food, like templa or sashimi.
It tooks about 1. 5 hours to get to Misato Onsen by car.
Starbacks down the Princes Rd.
On top of that, the casle seems away from you.
I do realize this is not a good attitude of mind, but I have noticed that if I look at the worst side of matters, I can only receive positive surprises. The oposite of this happpens when I look at the sunny sides of a situation.
I knew him at the literuture class in college.
I'll go to Sydny at the end of this year.
I love fireworks so I'm looking forword to this.
Unfortunately, the test system broked down for about five hours.
Yesterday, it was raining so I enjoyed watching (the movie) ``chatiots of Fire`` at home.
I went to Ameriga two weeks ago.
I gess 4 years have passed rather quickly.
Finally he was able to do it, but of couse his bicycle had training wheels!
So I will study English a lot and as soom as possible!
As far as I can understand, your university is great institution that provides a stellar enviroment for furthering my education.
Also I can drive a car very well, can work on the construction site becouse I studied in the construction university and now I work in the construction site, there I am a foremaster.
Today, I went skatebording in a park.
The team seems to be the best although they didn't participate in any test sesseion during the winter sessions.
Second, we can use the enternet with mobile phones.
The only drawback is the lenth of the episodes.
Now imagine we put a flea in a container, so that it can jum out of the container.
That `s why we sometimes feel that there are many limiting situations in our lives, it can be emanating from our mental limitaion:`` I can't do it, it's very hard for me ``, or:`` I think my family won `t accept it``, or ``Is it possible?
I finshed the test last Friday.
I like sutudying about other language becaouse I can meet a lot of people and I can understand our world better.
The things which happned last night didn't arise from the differences of our calutures but personal matters, I think;-)
We spoke in both Japanse and English.
But our American frends couldn't feel her feelings (of course they can't understand Japanese).
Our native langage are different.
I think it is natural there will be difficulty, and it is the interesting point to comunicate with someone who is from a different country.
I think the reason that I didn't like science was becuase all of the books I had read were not interesting.
Since it was wirtten for kids, It was really interesting and easy to understand.
Anyway, I am turnig 20 this month.
Tomorrow I will go/ I'm going to Belugium and then to Holland and finally back to Japan on Saturday.
The King's speach
I watched the movie ``The King's speach``
In Japan, it is possible to rent the DVD for thik week.
I thought the movie was very goog.
But I figured out the view of the town is so amazying!!
My role is filming the activities of my teammates to create reportages.
Today, I made ``OKONOMIYAKI`` for my sharemates.
We saw the sun rise and it struke our tent.
I haldly understood native English then
He is a university student and wil become an exchange student in an American University this Autumn.
I was asked by my roommate to take care of him, perticularly about cooking, and of course I said yes.
Furtheremore,
We played many different kinds of games in the schoolyard such as seesaw, hawk-and-chichen.
For the ``hen``, it was importent to focus (your) attention and keep a strong sense of responsibility.
I want to leart Engliah well, but it is diffenert for me!
When I had some oppotunities to speak in English, my Japanese supervisor was one of the people in the audience and said things like ``You said a water and forgot to add s to he want`` and so on after every my speeches.
Germany, Spain, India, Austoria, Finland, Egipt, America......
I can anser it better than the real questions for Clinical Nursing....
So, I had no choise
I learnd many things from college life.
Everthing seemed to be fresh.
According to UK laws, euthanasia is not allowed. This includes any act of assisting suiside to the patient.
The gril's name is Jones, and she must battle heart problems and leukemia.
I am studying to get myBA in Applied Linguitics! I love to just have fun and spend time with my friends.
Most of my lunguage backbone is in school.
just unconciously pour the coffee in to my mouth.
Coffee to me is like the cigarrets to heavey smokers.
hey guys, it `s my frist time here, I am so happy to know you guys to help me learn English.
I allways watch ``Azumanga Daioh`` and ``Lucky Star``.
I'll appriciate your corrections, but I will not rewrite this probably until I am able to write this correctly by myself.
I especially dislike ``pure`` Japanese literature; of course I have some favourite pieces among them, but unfortunatelly most of them are widely underestimated.
I studing material from Side by Side book 4, but it was a little difficult for me.
In the afternoon, I'm going to study TOEIC materialby for an hour or two.
Let's study our Langage's together!!
Tnanks a lot.
When I search Google, it tells me that members of Japanese paliament earn1. 3million per month.
Apart from that they also get a million yen as a travel expence each month.
These perks add up to nealy 44 million yen.
In fact, accoring to some sources, Japanese paliament members receive the highest salaries in the world.
So we really nead someone to solve this problem.
If you want to be freind, feel free to let me know.
So I was back home after working at 9pm and getting things ready (for example; reconfirm jazz tune that I momorized).
His wife was a Japnaese.
Whay music is important to many people?
Although people can get tired of repetition, they listen to their favorit music frequently becuase they can enjoy themselves more consistently through that.
We can find some traditional music from different nations intersting.
So we can see that music is a wonderfull means that can make us feel better. As Oliver Wendell Holmes said: ``Take a music bath once or twice a week for a few seasons.
in order to get rid of my stress that comes from studing.
Actually, in America, the gym is somewhere that provides chances for peopel to make friends.
That, I cant deny, but something hust happened to me recently.
When I am on it, I am used to always looking from one corner to another to see what others are donig, so that I wont get bored. Last Saturday was no exception.
relatively conventioanl Taiwanese girl, it is kind of too much.
One of my Japaness friend told me about this website.
Thunder is a very powerfull tool.
I bouht some bread and cheese.
The Mid-autumu Festival is a big day in China during which families come together.
What do the following sentenses mean?
Firefleis.
I have a Benuzuela friend at my school.
For a long time, I've thrown away anything making me remember the past, either happness or sadness.
All the time, a guestion is in my heart; I want to know,
In the second hour, my coach taugh me how to shift gears.
I've been drinking coffe as a countermeasure for sleepiness.
He gets food from the airport restarants for free.
What is different from the movie is that he has an abailable visa that allows him to stay in Mexico.
Everything abuot me:)
In class, my Eglish teacher said ``How are you?``.
My teacher loughed me.
my English teacher tought me ``I'm fine thank you`` only!
They gave us three tests, grip strength, flexibility and alterness.
Since the garden is about five kirometers away from our home, we can't go and see them very often.
Especailly during festivals and weekends, KTV is almost the premier gathering place for young people.
I tidied up my wardroab.
There is big space in my wardroab now.
Tomorrow I will go to the Driving Acamemy.
Today, I finshed my report.
Shi 'ah, sunni and Koord are there.
The Iraqi goverment is trying their best to unify the country, but their approch isn't working.
Iraq has elements of connfuission now.
I can't imagin what will
Lots of people are used to cover their love, their anxious, thier bear and so on to calm their friends or their families.
I had finished eating watormalon.
I want to speak and write in English fruently.
I'm restarting engish.
I'm learning English vocabulary and grammer now with books and mp3's.
But summer vacation ends Augast 31 =(
I was interesed in an article about AVATAR.
This movie represents the cerrent US.
It's my frist diary on Lang-8.
I talked with a forein friend on skype for the first time.
Anyway, she is a Filipino (I think this vocabulary is very difficult because it sounds like Philippin but some words are spelled differently.)
But my cellphome doesn't ring, and she said maybe connection wasn't good.
So we couldn't talk to each other though she demanded me recieve the call.
I couldn't dispel my doupt to her so much as that time.
The season is turning to winter and outside it was a little cold, so I wore a sweter.
Some houses are really funny, but one hous was really awful.
So scarely:-(
I want to go foreign ski erea, because the scale there is so big.
If one of them has any problems, the entire socity will be at risk of collapse.
By the way, I'm going to Spain, France, and IItaly next month.
If you can pass the Canbrige English examination, getting a job will be even easier.
But SIngapoeans are very kind to me.
My favorite charactor is Miss Sue.
Kosen tornament in Aomori!!
I went to Aomori for Kosen tornament.
The Tornament was so exciting!!
And it showed the position or rank of the people usuing it.
They believed that I was neverous as I spoke either too loudly or too quickly..
Indeed, I felt a little neverous just before it was my turn to present the report.
The reason whhy I spoke so loudly was because I want everyone to be able to hear me no matter which corner of the room they are in.
My home twon is on the sea.
I eagelry look forward to hanging around with him:D
As I was writing using English on my mobile pohn, I realized that English exist everywhere in Japan!
We all hoped we could leave as early as possible and go back home to celebrate Chrismas with family and friends.
Anyway, I enjoye myself.
Yesterday It was rainy, but I took them to the docter.
The docter adviced me to take my daughter to the ENT doctor.
So she didn't sit still and cried, I had to hold her while the docter examined her ears.
Till now I coud 'tdo anything without compsing myself.
They pester me to go outside although I play together, ask for new toys, new DVDs, new snuck, and so on.
Similar to what was written in the dialy of another user, I get stressed when I can't train.
According to the review, It is sopposedly a pure love story about childhood friends Emma and Will.
he should have moved on and should've fough with life for his happiness.
The movie is fasinatingly bad and irritating but cant stop watching
I bigan to study English two months ago because I want to go abroard to stady it.
The competition is quite hard, because, to find a good job, it is one of the most important things to enroll at a famous university.
In schools, there were plenty of strict rules, for examle, rules concerning hair color, the length of skirts and so on.
Enrollment rate of universities is relatively high in Japan (about 60%).
I was confused and irritated, and got new bicycle at discout shop near here.
particulary, city area either near the station.
There has many good taste food we can bounght.
Every TV will have to be able to receive the new degital signal.
stastion.
It's fater and less crowded.
I started it from around in Janualy this year.
I have to comuticate with the custmer and take care of them.
I had confidence with these many people but selling is not just comunicate.
I useally go to work by foot.
Today was special day, because I walked under the Sakura srcade.
In fact, I am cring to read this letter. ``
Actually, the sneakers I bought are the addidas brand.
Then, tommorrow, which is exactry today, is the exam.
Ato Tomadachi wo sagashimasu node dozou yoroshiku.
Ima ha Eigo no Gakko ni ikimasu yo.
Boku ha kotoshi ni ju ni sai ni owarimashita.
Akiraka, boku no bunpou ga heta desu kara chigau tango ga attara ayarimasu!
I am a freshman and study English and Chinise at college.
My favarite actor is Will Smith.
We had two visiters from Vietnam at home.
Tha tast was Japanese style
I've come to the conclusion that the only good mosquitoe is a dead one!
I watched news yesterday and I heard that there are many people affcted by this influenza around the world, and also there is one person visited Mexico and guessed having this disease in our country.
A: We would like to order, can we have the manu, please?
A: What's today's specail?
W: The specail of the day is cuttlefish spaghetti.
Eiheiji temple is famous for a head temple of the Soto sect opend by Dogen.
I heard that momks in Eiheiji get up at 3 o 'clock everyday!
My daugther slept by my side.
First, I want to Iintroduc myself.
I was bron in Saitama.
My brother told me she is japaneas.
and I strated to listrn to music and play the guitar with my band.
Now, I am still playing the gutiar with my new band members.
So I alwaya feel sleepy...
She always spends around 30 munites eating breakfast.
Before breakfirst, it is also time consuming to make her wake up.
Studio Ghubli
Well I'm not sure if this plant is called a spring onion in eleglish.
I went to a Singapole restaurant tonight.
With a few of my colleague who are American, Singapolian and Japanese.
We drank Singapole beer.
I still cannot figure out what happend.
I want to understand this beautyfull language!
I had a speaking test yesterday, as well as a reading, writing, grummer and listening test.
I forgot the timetable was changed from usuall day.
Unfortunatelly, I was eating lunch in the park so, as a result, I was 10 minute late.
I have discovered so many good songs through this program that I'd never lisetned to before.
My bro is in one of the pucture.
These days I think my brother feels like a good freind.
Ok, I don't know what else to write.
In addition, I was amazed with my friend said that other friend who we have known since pupil mrried and his wife has become pregnant.
I `m not asleep, becouse I am trying translate my favourite songs.
, because I can look straight ahead and see a little light comming through.
I will enjoy today wiyh my family!!!
like it and now, I am going to move there again but this time will be diferent
Purhaps bedcause of I am foreigner in this place, I don't mind whether or not people look at me.
A lot of classmates always go to their laboratory everyday and thier tutor gives them work to do.
There is a massage chair, and it is very confortable for me.
I was grinning like an idiot and trying not to laught out loud, (sometimes without success).
My granma sent me sweet potatoes.
I don't eat much these days, because my apetite went away and I didn't have much time to eat.
In fact/ Actually, it is the seasen to pick `Pink Lady` apples.
The tax system and constructure of the Chinese society are completely different from the Japanese one (s).
Although thre are many things to learn, I'm enjoying that as well.
I mean, perhaps, Charlie is one of the best charactors he has acted.
What really was impressive was how people are passionate about Itanlian food.
Especially Viktor, the leading character fiance. He is an incredible chef who is opening his own restaurant in N.
go banans!
Thus, ymasho was made.
but making sentecne is very difficult for me.
It's beateiful.
This spring, vegetables are expensive because of the abnormal wheather in Japan. This shop helps me alot
Today, I havegot5 avocads only100 yen!
I spend X 'mas with my darking every year.
There were 2 cups of instant noodles in the kichin.
The teacher told me my daughter I studies well, but she is somtimes too shy to give her own opinions in front of the other students...
She is very open with familly and with her friends.
I can't find any teachers to help improve myw English.
The next time we'll see each other might be the day we leave for Japan at an airpost, which will be on the 20th of December!
In the x-ray photo, he and the docotr could see one earring.
It should be a very interesting and an unforgettable experience for me because this is the first time I joined a boylish competition.
thus, there are only 3 girls in the computer clubs in our school, my freinds and I.
There are many geoglyphs and the lenght of the biggest one is about 300 meter.
I was very tired, because today a lot of peaple ccame to my store.
Me and my co-woreker were supset and worked hard.
It will be 634 meters when it is compleated in 2012.
She prefers Tokyo Tower, whith is the present broadcasting tower, over TOKYO SKY TREE because of the shape.
So my body is worn out with studing and a part-time job.
Actually, I'm pregnant and I'm suffering from morinig sickness, so I felt gloomy before the wedding.
It was a great wedding, but my three-year-old son coludn't sit quietly during the ceremony and reception.
So we decided to go to a restraunt.
Maybe because I ate too much sugers.
The Frist Massage
This was the frist time I got a massage.
I went into the massage parlor (the normal one)* and told the massager/ masseuse that I had a back injury from five years ago/ earlier.* umm, hehe
I spent my holiday time very well because I didn't waste time. I learnt new things and I had great days with my family and freinds.
Since the interview with my boss, I `ve worked more carefuly than before.
What sould I do to develop my career?
I had a late lunch at a curry chain restaurnt that is famous in Japan.
I want to study about/ how to do that for my futuer.
Thime is money.
Hi everybudy!
listenig skill? Do you know a way which you can listen to English for FREE?
It is acorss from the train station.
Please tell me if you think my sentences are wrong or seem unconftable!
A lot of passenger prized his driving and he himself is confident in his driving skills.
In more than 1400 years ago lived a righteous king called ``Hormoz the fourth``.
I just discovered this website via facebook; it looks good, but it's a bit desorganised, I reckon.
Regarding my hobbies, I love practicing sports (Rugby, Boxing, Running), listening to music (Trip-Hop, NU-Jazz, Hip-Hop...) and so on, like everybody actually;-)
how my brithday was
Yesterday, my freinds and I went out to find a job.
The hairdresser who cuts my hair every time looked so busy that I hasitated to have a conversation.
I was worried about her even though I'm a costomer who receives a service.
I have been getting an appetite since I lost it efter all the hard times.
I have been really depressed for a month so I lost some waight but I kind of like how I look now.
So I am kind of worried that I will gain more waight than I lost with this big rush of appetite.
What happend to Japan?
First news was issued July 28, under the headline ``111 year old man alrady died 30 years ago.``
And his dauter said that, ``He wanted to die by starvation, and we
could not stop him because he was too seiuous. ``
It was surprysing, but I think many people believe that there are some
to see if they (the eldrely people) were alive or not.
Some of them have alrady passed away; the status of others is unkown.
Japan is one of the firat countries to become a super graying society.
So the gorvernment has to deal with this probrem immideately.
Selfishness can't controll us.
Even though I've lived in Canada for a year, I haven't seen outside of the city except Naiagara falls.
Now, it's nearly two months since I Ient him the money.
You konw, we have got on very well since we first knew each other.
I'm plannning to take it next month, for the first time.
Hope I wil be a top salesperson.
Although I am Japanese, I don't know much japanese culture.
It is not completely unuseful, but it's awkward to use.
Certaily, I can see something like his toe.
A huge typoon is getting closer.
A huge typoon called 'Gonpas' which means compass in Japanese is getting closer to the Korean peninsula.
It's important to take steps in advence.
If you live further south than me, let me know how the typoon is.
I like its world and caracters, especially the ``Muimui``.
Today my friend and I read a book called ``The mistery of Your Name`` about character traits and the fate of a person, which are defined by his or her name.
So I have to go bed earlly, I took enough rest.
I folt I can't find that by only studying at school, I need a lot of experience.
There are many foreigners such as chinease, Mexican Spanish.
So I have not studied English for one manth.
I'm still enjoying the mozochism.
I'm great because I still keep momorizing boring words.
Today is my seconed time studying here.
All in all, we must admit that the advantages outweight the disadvantages.
Do they have defferent meaning or pretty much the same?
No misuc No life
So, (I became) quite (exauseted) today.
In fact, the wide-spread distribution of the WiMAX service on the rapid transit system is a goal set by the goverment in Taiwan.
but It is completery different tempulature today.
bacause strong wind, and so on.
but maybe I am going for a surf tommorow.
A lot of Japanese people are very shy and can't comunicate with people from other countries.
I never played tennis before I took the class, but the corch taught me how to play step by step, and I improved..
beacuse I like the English launage and I really hope to be netive speaker
so I stydy english whenever I have free time.
(that's ture kk)
anyway I'm workig so I have to go to bed soon,
lf someone reads my diray, would you please fix or change the sentense for good and more natural expression ^ ^
I tried to bake a cake with a rice cooker (steamed cake) and made cranberry souce.
LOVE AT FISRT SIGHT (part 2)
The Fisrt day that I saw you, I thought you were beautiful, But I could not talk to you watched you walk away.
Suddenlly, the phone rang cutting through her train of thought.
She felt something special, not because it was her first time making a delivery, but because her primonition told her that something was going to happen!
She knocked on the door and it was openned immediately.
Most of the people there were men and Lane specifically recognized the angel in her heart who was sitting in the conner.
She couldn't belive her eyes.
Lane replied: ``Thank you but you paid enough.`` He moved closer to Lane and told her: ``It is for the tip girl, thank you so much!`` Lane could not do anything else, just receiced it and thanked him.
He had a sweet acent.
I remember that I was so excited when I saw the trailer of ``Avator``
I think the theater will be crowded this weekend because of Avator fever.
I believe Avator will reinvigorate me with its visual technology and emotional story.
But sometimes pop music is intresting too.
Expesially if guitar and realistic bass is used.
I bought this one just as an interior accesary.
Another reason is that humans have a variety of deseases that was caused by new technologies.
Without reseaches on the univese, we can develop the medical field to save many lives.
So, I'll take positive steps of ``Lnag-8``.
But a plactical test is not easy/ difficult.
I opened the box and plugged in the tree. Then I swiched on the lights and turned the room light off.
I felt Lucie's feminish sence on her works.
but my English skills have bn getting worse since I came back to Japan in March.
I get a little neverous.
When a new semrster starts, there will be some foreigners come to my senior high school to study.
I'm learning new information that I didn't kown
Altough I memorize a lot, I can't make use of it.
Oh, I missed sevaral days for writing my English diary.
Eventaully, I posted this article courageously in order to introduce myself.
It offers a very friendly platform for language learning. People from different countries can exchage feedback.
I live in Tokyo and work as a hospital woker.
My hobby is a bellydance.
I recentry feel that nothing can satisfy me.
At the beggining of the journey, I suspected her imformation was inaccurate.
We took a bus, which the fare was one dollar and tewnty cents.
But we were cheapskates, and we did not want to buy a map whcih was not cheap.
They've kept telling me '' hey do not work too much, we are tired, go to sleap. ``
Today will definetely be a memorable day for Japan!!!
When I came home, the game just finised...
I wanted to watch the game in real time and feel the excitement with (other) Japanese soccor followers!!!
Ubin is a small island and it takes ten minitues to reach by ferry from Singapore.
X-Files, FRINDS, Full House, and some others.
I love Full House in particullar.
Joey and Jessy are very funny, they always make me laugh.
Joey is very good at imitating the catoon character's voice, motin and sound.
By the way, Michell was very popullar with Japanese people.
The write-up for a straberry painting using the Painter
She needed to make money, so she couldn't coutinue to mainly do translation.
I wish I could stay home, but I have to take an Enlish lesson.
When youo become old, you won't be worried about your health. ``I smiled and said good bye to her and then left.
Of couse sometimes I am lazy, especially on rainy days when I would find an excuse to avoid running.
Acutually, those didn't sound very tasty but I think fans and kids may have love them.
I will wirte about it in my next jounal!
I'll be reliefed.
I can learn English and I can also learn Jpanese by checking
I did not read books at all today because I didn't havethe time read. Today my English friend called me to make an appoinment tomorrow at the same resterrant. She likes to eat mussamun vey much and I like to eat somtom (papaya salad) and aticky rice.
When I see her I like to give hermy dirary I write in English and she likes to ask me about ponoun. We enjoy exchangingin Thai and English. Today at my compani in a high rise building I saw beautiful rain. I hurried to call my friend to look at the rainbow. I would like to chang a goodday with my friend. We enjoyed looking at the rainbow togethet from different aplce
Today I was very suprised they asked me to eat luch with them. You know when you start ata company for the firat time
I think I'm an outgoing person& a person who has a positive attitute.
I'm so bored evryday...
I could harvest only two orenges this year.
I'll go to the summer house TO SEE my dog, not my parents. (hidden trueth)
So, probably I can have ineternet there, too!
At night, I went to the Englis conversation class.
Japan will defenitly change, and everyone can move Japan forward with EV's such as the Nissan LEAF!
Fight for Englsh ~ ~!!! ^ ^
I work for quailty control devision at the company I work for, and sometimes I have a chance to communicate with the overseas plant; especially Czech and U. S.
A non-government organization which I support gave a presentation to the pubilc.
The center is also a place for gabage disposal.
It is said that the pool is heated by energy produced in the process of gabage disposal.
Suggestion: It's been a very long time since I last wrote a dialy...
They are learning Japanease in uni, so they practice Japanease with me, and we Japanease exchanged students practice English with them!!
After scool, I went to Hide park, Australian Museum and St Mary's Cathedral College.
My name is Frank, and I am Chinese and live in Guangdong Province with my familier.
I graduated from univercity 2 years ago.
fuckin nardiy journal
Im think that Alex should also update his.
The update however might not be needed for me because Im intend to buy the new IPhone 4 in a week should it be (if its) available to buy.
Its certainly gonna be fuckin complecated.
I got a call from the (a) human resorce company just now.
I recommmend that you should take hime to the ceremony.
I am embarrased to say that I couldn't finish it on time.
Since all groops were planning on using Powerpoint, I went to the applaiance store to buy it with concern.
After the meeting, I read a new nobel at home.
It's 1: 10am now, at 8: 00 I will go to the building where the Tnternation students in Vietnam live.
Jinzyas are old Japanese temples.
There are very beautiful traditional Japanise gardens.
So I think it takes many more times but I'll try to uproad it with my phone.
Now I finished my job, and I am going to see the restraunt where my friend's second wedding party will be held.
Because I was chosen as a second wedding maneger with some friends.
About 80 people are comming and we want to think of a surprise for the husband and wife.
but whenever I meet my firends
among the them, the atmospear (it's not the exact speeling..;)
If someone is joining the Massenger programe.
My score had imploved from 625 to 690!
I guess Lang-8 has played an important role in imploving my English skills.
Day 97: Puctuality
After thinking a lot about my university choise and what is best for my life, I took some admission tests: one for Medicine, Pharmacy and Biotechnology.
I hope I've done the best choise for me and for my future:)
But I don't have any complainment.
I really enjoy my home life because of my email freinds.
I'm not satsfied with my English.
Although I don't like winter, it's abnormal that it's stll so hot.
I think this site is really good for learning a langage.
I used to write a dary in English, but I quit because I was not sure if my writing was correct.
Then, I made an appointemnt with the interviewer there.
I would relly like to be a psychologist.
Now I start studying by reading easy English books like penguin readers or watching foreign dorama on TV or CNN Student News.
I odten climb mountains.
While I'm climbing by myseldf, I can think about various/ a lot of things and sometimes good ideas come up to me.
But in Japan, the Tohoku area nuclear power plants had big problems because of the earthquarke.
Anyway, I didn't miss the airplain.
At Amsterdam, we had a radiation level check of our lugguage.
I'm going to visit the USA next month, and I'm boing to stay with a family there.
but they are ofen on sale.
I hope every thing gonana/ going to be alright
* ema; a votive picture tablet of a hourse
I intend to go to bed as earler as possible.
I thought a lot of the play equipment would be difficult for my 4 year old gaughter, but actually she enjoyed the playground with my 10 year old son.
I went to an itallian restaurant tonight after school.
At first, when I enterd the restaurant, the staff gave me a card and explained
I think It worked for me more than an appitizer.
After the cook fiinish cooking, I put my card on the register, where first their staff gave it to me, then I could go anywhere to have a seat in the restaurant, which was really large.
Afeter I finished eating, what I should have done was just going to the entarance and gave a card back to the staff, then they coukd calcurate my bill.
There were many people so I think that restaurant is very populer in London.
I didnn't go out all day today.
If you are a competent worker, you wil choose the merit system.
It is dificult to estimate one's ability accurately.
Then, the Hong Kong Government must hold a natural ativitives of Hong Kong travel festival.
In this way, we may promote more ativitives of nature such as hiking and mountaincering for vistors.
There were a lot of fallen leaves on the pavepment in front of my apartment.
Who is resposible for cleaning up those leaves?
Is it the resposibility of the manager of our apartment complex?
Now, my foot, arm and body are very ltch.
The Roman's structured and man-made world wide empire out of architectural forms, and those architecture forms revolutionize the ancient world and exoted and lasting influences on the architecture and the architects of post classical times.
Uh, And you see a park of the Caplan hill a transformed by Michelangelo into the famous Campidoglio, as well as the...
All of my friends will get to spend a long vacation for 4 days in thire hometown except for internatinal students who can `t go back to theire own country.
I hope his parents will be braver to buy a new wondeful car after they consult with their wallet.
They are not vegitalian.
This week was so tight that it was desided that I cannot take a rest day during the week!
He always got mad at me when he's in a bad temper even it's very litte thing.
Unfotunately I don't have a co-worker to share his calumny.
Me and my husband will eat out in commemoration of this anniverasary.
The place needed to be cleaned was a 50 m long flower bed that formed along a road to an entrence.
After the work had been done, I looked around and it looked quite neet.
Quite frankly, I tried serveral times to read it but all failed.
The young girl, the main charaters, her name is Lin Da Yu, after being sick
I went shopping wiht my friend.
When I read about this portal, I couldn't bealived that someone would help me and fix my mistakes withount any salary.
If any of You are intrested in history or geography of my country or city-please write-I will do my best to help you.
I am so lucky that I found this webside one day ago. I have been looking for something like this for a long time. First entering it, I wrote information about myself. Welcome to you all over the world and hope you make friends with me. I'm willing to make with friends with you.
My head portrait is of NBA player Vince Carter who is an avtive duty basketball player, which shows how much I love NBA.
Today I leran that the Spurs have won the 7th game of the playoffs against the black horse team, the Hornets, this season.
I love Spurs not beacuse of the team (they have won 4 championships in the last 9 years), but for one guy, Tim Ducun.
Recentry, some Japanese enterprises are starting to use English in their offices.
I have challanged myself to learn English many times,
foreign restraunt.
Too many peple everywhere..
I'm going to travel to Ausralia next month.
I'm going to on a simple tour which inculde a round trip plane ticket and hotel only.
That's why I reserch some local tours by internet and some books.
So I started to create an English drill, and because one word can mean severalt things, I used example sentences to hint the actual meaning, but I wouldn't want to have incorrect ones.
I wanted to take nice shots, but they were moving quicky.
Japanese peaple are said to be workerholic/ s which I think so.
Young peaple, including me, are not more wokerholic than older peaple.
Because, older peaple worktoo late (or too much) and somtimes go to work even on the holidays.
I do not want to be wokerholic.
In our university there is a very convinient system where we can use all the fitness center year around with a fee of only 1000 yen!
Whenever, whereever
I am listening to 'Whenever, Whereever' now.
In fact, I have alredy bought a Spanish textbook.
In Japan, Spanish is not a major language like English, so Sapanish textbooks are more expensive than English ones.....
Why can't we have less since we are in univerisities?
there is a probelem?
Since then, my plants have been getting vigor.
A guy who is travering in Europe meets a Parisienne on the train.
There was only one night they could be togethere.
Extreamely Hot Day
It is extreamely hot in a lot of cities in Japan today.
I sometimes teach sutudents Japanese and mathematics.
In December I will have finished my university education: I wiil have a master's degree of innovative activity management.
This week, I have to concreat my exams.
I want to do a languge exchange on Skype.
But today was a rainey day in the Kanto region.
It is because we can foget everything like the unstable economy.
How about your conpany??
In summer quarter, I took an ESL (which is an abbreviats of English Second Language) class.
I could see vorious kinds of people.
I enjoyed manwatching heartily.
There is an increasing amount of vagetarians in world.
Other vegetarians think it is wrong to kill animals cruely.
This text is for university students, amd includes econometrics.
Japanese universities 'enterance examinations are very difficult,
As a result of Judo traning and my part-time job at an izakaya, I learned a lot of things which are necessary for my business.
so student should have the avirity to practice self control if they want to live good life.
they pay amazing amounts of monny for a preparatory school for entrance examinations.
I am sure I won't solve this problem untill I die.
Although it will not easy, I should change my schule.
But I don't know how to change my schoule to the best way.
Could you give me some adveise??
Do you have any bad habbits??
The main activity of this corcle is organizing what is calld ``IW (International Week)``.
Let me explain, my university has some cooperations with foreign ones.
I'm sorry for long sentensces...
In wich we'll reach the heaven that exists
My parents gave me some souvenirs, such as chocolate and vegitables.
Thanks to them I can get by untill the ennd of the year.
After that, we dated few times and I was a little comfused about our relationship.
Then I found he is kind of arrongant and everytime we were together, he always complainted about something.
Fortunatley, his skill was not that excellent and I just can't enjoy it that much to lose my mind. (Is there anyone who is under 18 here?)
This guy, who wants his cigaratte, asked me to bring them to his house.
However, there are still verious hardships during this age.
Two of their classamte saw it and then warned my brother.
Fortunately, it has been already solved with a peaceful endding.
I will go home to stay with my parents and eat some moon cakes. Although I dislike eatting moon cakes, I enjoy staying with my parents!
The latest conveyor-belt sushi restaurants have/ serve not only fish, but cake and lelly and juice.....
I'll recommend lang-8 to my collegues.
Recently we were challenged to become familier with English in my office.
Foregner can feel uncomfortable when they sit on the floor while they have meals
Frist let me introduce myself.
Altough I am interested in English, I am still not good at it.
Actually I have a good enviroment to learn English--I study in an Internetional college.
Alomost all of my teachers are foreigners.
When I talk to foreigners, I am too nerver to express my feelings.
My grammer is not good.
So I registered on this webside, and want to make some friends.
I want to learn English and Japanese (I'm caczy about some Japanese idol).
Last Feburuary as well I went to my parents house and met my sisters.
On that evening, Yoshimi and I started to catch up with eachi other over some beer, as usual.
Next time I'll be more lelax.
I am a college student and my major is informatics and comunication.
many comanies in the world record great loss
Afer I knew this site, my English level seems to be developed.
Thanks for Lan-8.
Now, koran time is 12: 10.
I have a music skil test.
When I was lasy, people were still practicing music.
Through this process, their emotions chaged dramatically.
One of the targets of me of this sumeer is to make an album with my friends.
I took a class about implied meanings in English setences.
First, ``If you think a seat belt is uncomfortable, you're nevr tried a
? Parden?
I want to learn English to study computer langualge and computing technorogy.
I'm Linda and I'm from China. It's a small town in HeiBei I'm sure you wouldn 'thave heard about.
poort--all kinds of sport but mostly as a spectat.
The sport I like most of all is Latin dacing.
I'll try any sport you sggest.
I would say that my school has raeally beautiful scenery.
In that Bahrom Education, we can learn how to share with others in society through philosophy, etiquette, religion (specifically christiarity) and the history of SWU and the class includes group discussion or performence and indivisual activity.
The conclusion is that I have liked and will always like my shcool
Becaouse of some troubles, they are divided into two groups.
I went to an open campas at Sophia University with my friend today.
I heard over ten thousand peaple visited there yesterday.
I have to study Engrish much harder.
In the book, the bad aspect was the plot seems provocative, but the good things were delicate description and acurate observation about the things all aaround us.
I am now a memeber of the international sales department in a ceramics compnay.
Now I have no customers, I don't konw what I should do.
I chenged my profile photo to a tiger.
Atter 30 minutes walking, I felt tired.
I'm a stuped girl.
Evrobody dance
Althought, I don't have to go to bed right now.
One of my dreams is to become a good English speaker, so though having my English corrected on this site, I can become a fluent English speaker and writter.
I will write in my diary once a day, because I want to improve my English abilty.
She didin't mentioned her age but I'm guessing that she is 20.
I had dinner late last night, I knew that but the food was still sittting heavy on my stomach,
I am a Univercity student.
I want to improve my English skil.
I'm wearing my favorite red dress and I'm wearing some make-up.
Sam and his friend James are true adverture travelers, and together the boys have done and seen some amazing things in the past year.
It's wierd!!
Then she said ``Yes, I am Idahoan.`` Well, how about a Wahingtonian?
I got a parfect score!!!
I like movies where I can detect and solve some mistery about the main charactor, so I was not content with this movie.
After I finished watching it, I seached about the content of hostel on the net.
I got a call askinf me if I could go to the cinema now an hour later after I finished watching hostel.
Actuaaly sometimes old eggs cause food poisoning for salmonella,
Many japanese people eat raw eggs so the expirely date of eggs in a Japanese super marcket is very short, usually 2 weeks and the eggs are placed in a cool place.
I love Xtmas
I always get 3 or 4 presents every Xtmas.
When it comes to Xtmas...
This is used in another ocasions to socialize.
The other thing I love about Xtmas is the food.
Xtmas is way better than New Year (I hate this one and I'll tell you later why)
Whenever the blockout occurred, I browze internet and logged into Skype and spoke with people in order to kill time.
The Prefectual governer of Tokyo said that we had to refrain from viewing the cherry blossom.
I am pleaced to meet you.
He said that our directry business strategy was finished, so we must work indirectly.
His said indirect bussiness advocates more cooperation between a vendor and carrier.
We will continue selling directry with vendor's product or carrier's service customizeing, but now we must sell service indirectry as well.
to my client directry, but we contract vendors and carriers internally.
S our company is a system integrator, so genarally we have IT skills, but we don't create any of our products internally.
So I fell umconfort recently.
I was dreaming of my ex-exboybriend.
This is not the frist time.
I can't tell him because he has a girfriend now.
There are thousands of people who fluently speak Japanese and they are passionated about helping others.
But, when I find pasitive things in my life, I become very happy
I think its difficalt growing vegetables.
It's often said thet old people go to bed and get up early in Japan.
Saddenly a hospital offered her work, and it was a good oppotunity for her.
I know if many teachers violate the law, my school will be in chaous.
In Osaka, central prefectureKansai region, a famous manzaishi, Knock Yokoyama became the governer in 1995.
According to the Japanese gorvernment, 56 countries have offered assistance, but they are not coming yet.
The Japanese gorvernment looks tired.
I clicked it without any hesited.
I feel grateful to him and I enjoyed my frist day using lang-8.
Well, when I first played this game, I was surprised because the hero is only a civlian, but he kills inocent people for money.
I rily liked that!
It was little salty, but anyway except that, rily that okonomiyaki was my stuff!
its rily nice. yoga's rily good for not only the body, but also the skin and for relaxing!
You can make mochi in tem minutes.
Spring has now come, but I like autumnbecause because I get hot quite easily.
I spent alomost the whole day watching my favorite movie.
Indeed, this movement which used to provocate debates has recently obtained a religious status un Spain.
My life has been painful since they tok it from me and now I don't have anything to live for.
Today I want to tell you the main problem I face when I speak a forein language.
The problem is that I foget words during speaking.
Tomorrow and the day after tomorrow I am going to visit Miyagi prefecture in Japan, where there was severe damegas by the huge tsunami that happened in the last 11 March.
This is my first time writing a dialy.
I have been in the USA for businnes for two month.
So please check my dialy.
becase, I can't speak English well.
My Enlglish grade is the worst.
Mabye because of Tadanali Lee.
I am wotching a soccer game on TV.
I took listening and writing and grammar tests, I won the fisrt prize in my class,
But I wanna keep her as my costomer.
Am I a bad charactor?
Yo quiero doerme
I wish to visist United States onde day, my teacher said it is a cool place, I wanto to go to disney too, but it is too expensive, I have to work hard first.
I'd like to know about their culture, well our cultures don't have much of a diference I guess...
I have not execised for almost three months,
becouse my doughter was born three months ago. + Mazeltov! +
It is not healthy, so I have to execise and lose the extra weight.
I went to a convention hall today to attend a conferece which was hosted by a Japanese Interenet company.
Later I want to work with groups like UNICEF, World Vision or Good goodneighbors.
People cath them with paper dippers.
Anyway, I held blind date for two, and I didn't know there was chemisty between the two.
I have 2 jobs, I've had them for2 and harf yers.
Because nursing home's sarally is low and I have time before, I started mypart time job.
There were many famiries and kids when I arrived there.
I don't mind because there were enought strawberries to fill my stomach.
It's white, littele and cute.
So, I will try to listen to one episord a day.
We will go to Wenyi Street and buy a lot of clothes, shoose and so on.
I want to studay but I don't know what to study for and how to studay.
His act was illegal of cource, but is it so serious a crime that investigation of his house was needed?
I had a pran that I ren for 5km and did biked for 2Km.
Muu, I don't want to be in a world where I can't use Twitter and Facabook:(
It's unusuall in Japan, because there are rice cookers in every house in Japan.
This morning, we took pictures at a photo stadio.
Of couase, grandparents had too.
I bought a new Windows PC for my mobile last Thurshday.
Today is Wednesday. I'll talk about Iceland. There are a lot of things in so many ways that differ from what he or she is uesd to doing at home.
Iceland is different from others countries in the world. For instance, there is no pollution. Dogs are not permitted on the iceland. And there is no amy, there is only one jail because crime is so rare in Iceland.
Even though they don't have good teachers there, they can speach English very well, but how can people except much from teachers who can't speak English fluently, though they can speak better than the Japanese.
But today is the first time to use this webside, so I want to write and share something.
That's the English thest as it is called.
He is one of the most popular auther in Japan.
It is diffecult for me but I try.
But it is obiously dangerous to ride on a bicycle on frozen ground.
Good Moraning!
Even though BP's best was not enough, we should try the WROLD BEST.
Yet, the weather focast said it would be snowy today.
We usually start to study English in junior high school as compalsory education.
The lioneases are in charge of hunting during day and night, and protect the young lions.
The lioneases usually stay in a group all thei life, but the lions often change their living place.
And beat tha swine flu before you infect someone else!!
I've prepared power point slides for a presetation, written a resume, etc.
In Japan, it is vey popular that girls wear it in a fireworks display.
It is said that girls who wear a YUKATA are twice as buauty as when they wear usual clothes.
Therefore, I became nervous when my girlfrined woar it.
They lived in rearely visited areas and made hanging bridges over the
The bride's friends usually put the hana on their hands and her mother must pay for all the women who want to do their hand.
* Tonify the thigh, calf, and hip muscles.
Today we drove aroung the city.
First we went to Tanba-Sasayama city and saw the fossil of the dinasaur in Hyogo Prefecture.
So I keep on studing!
In July I'm going to London to work and I'm a little thrilled, becasue I don't know whether I'll manage with my English skills.
The relationship which has no derelopment.
It's nothing else than a program which displays us the fishcards and makes sure that we are learning them.
You may also ask, 'what the hell are the fishcards'?
After 3 hours of driving, we arrived at ``Mytle Wave Water Park``.
We were dissapointed about the appearance and the size of the water park at first, but we started enjoying the slides.
Calavacy? [??] (anyway) which is a kind of seafood fries is the famous dish in Mrytle beach.
I just smiled at him, pretending like I wated to learn too.
Fourtunately, the waitress took us to the table when I made eye contact with him. It was a very embarrasing moment.
Trouble with new secrity software
I went shopping with my doughter and mather.
It was my doughter's birthday, so I wanted to buy anything for her.
I bought twe white blouses.
One is for me and the other is for my doughter.
Then we had lanch.
My doughter said that she had a great time.
Don't even have the sterngth to go prepare myself tea..
And I am really looking foeward to the day when I got the passcard and a letter of admission from a good school.
Yes, it's true that all of everything is one of ture love.
Ture love is just to being yourself.
I'm plaud all of them.
Indeed, today I had to reseach the program of going to India and decide which project to do.
I think an India project is good because of its flight cost and the langage people in India speak, english.
The first man is a famous comedian who is famouse for his unattractive face.
Well, lought is the best medicine..
I have half a book to finised. When I'm finished I will know the basics in Photoshop and be able to enjoy using it.
The weher as well as my feelings is bad.
I have had a bad headache recenly, so I can't easily think inother languages.
I want to be to writting fluently and quickly...
But I didn't want to becasue I don't have money.
Please teache me what that means.
I tried to hum the rythem and the lyrics to my friends, andnone of them knew the song.
I ended up using ``I'm Yours`` by Jason Maryaz.
It `s interesting to study Enlish.
I think American culture is so bornig
We have a problem about our euipment in our project.
At the moment, it is nessasary to make a special A-frame to support the Long shaft, weighing about 13. 6 tons.
We made a drafte drawing and sent this drawing to our Design Department to Calcualte the the size of the beam for fabrication.
Request scaftfolding above the vessel.
Like I wrote earlier: out of sight, out of mind, so I'm seldomly irritated by my hidden rubbish dump.
XD Ironically, some things I discovered in my cupboard were litteraly '' out of my mind ''.
When I found particalur things, I didn't even remember I had thrown them in my cupboard!
^ ^; I discovered all the drawers in it were full of old stencils, notebooks, excersize books and other school stuff which I no longer needed.
If this is what you want then everthing will be over!
As you know, this moive made us experience adventure indirectly.
However, that I spend time talikng about interesting topic is hard to do.
I got a job in a travel agency and I was a staudent on the weekend
With the start of a new year, cherry flowers give us a preasure of spring and an exciting feeling of a new year's beginning.
They thought it would creat a positive economic impact.
I rearry enjoyed her preformance
However, he never got even one rattit from that time on.
I'm a stundet and 24 years old.
My first reason is because I think life is colorful.
Well, not for me, as I'm atheist and therefore I'm not going to church or going to pray at the cemetary.
Yesterday I found a teriffic site on the Internet.
I took the TOEIC test on 29th Octorbar.
I am confident my broad-range experience and achievemen in sales and marketing divisions.
We've already booked the fligth and the hotel and now we're choosing what to see.
Language practike
All this time I have been working, building and speaking with my fogein friends.
But these friends are all students and they can't speak with me wery often.
I fing friends for speaking on ICQ chat or Skype and if you want, we can meet in real life.
Every night I see him in my arms but when I get/ wake up he desapire like a memory of himself.
We went to a Japanese syle restaurant, we all ordered pork chops, it was very delisious.
they were toooooooooooooooooooooooo bad....
When we wash our clothes, we hang these clothes on a clothesline in a coner of the garden.
They are so cute and misterious.
jBut the fact is that I didn't buy a ticket, and going back to my home for the holiday will just be a dream.
I want to comfort my close friend beacuse the one she has loved
All I can do is to give her a phone call and say 'Hey, I'm here.' Howere, I know it is totally different between
It's really a lonelly world.
I will travel to Hawai in April.
The famous pancake resutaurant is called ``Eggsnthings``.
My friend gave me some vegitables yesterday, such as: eggplants, green bell peppers, and corns.
I'd like to talk and dibate with my kid in English in the future.
I don't think I could eat it again for a mounth.
I'm worried that I'm getting fat because I put sugar and milk in coffe.
After graduating from junior high school, I joind Japan Air Self Defence Force.
I have decided to make use of Lang-8 to improve my english avility
I am shoked
One friend came frome Pataya, where he works. He came with his friend
We went to the caraoka together before going home.
My other friend is from frence.
Another friend used to practace English with me. He helps me learn English so at the moment he pactices English a bit.
This was the secound time that I have climbed it.
While climing, it rained and we walked through sander (?) cloud.
Strictly speaking, it's diffirent, so I think they should have taught it properly.
You can probably watch such lives in American family doramas.
And in such HCs, they conduct commisioned business on the DIY works of customers by requests from them.
I've just finished writing the lyric! Prease read!
If there's a new horrizon to pursue, I would write verse two
E: People do and I said ``given (that you do)``, you dombo.
E: Given that you were not my girlfriend, I would've broke open your head and scooped up (out) a portion of your brain for my reserch.
In language, speaking, writing, and most importanting listening.
I will try to listen to your voic
I found a new way to learn english by watching viedoes with double subtitles.
MS has different symptoms in each patient like visual dysfunction, smell disorders, facial paralysis, vertigo, dysphonia, sensory peoblems like pain or paresthesia, paresis of different parts of the body like hands, or feet, or even a half of the body, etc.
MS can change a peson's life very deeply.
Every family is preparing yummy food and other things for the festival, nearly ten days before the festival, people are busy shopping for things, which includ chicken, duck, fish, meat, tea, wine, candy and so forth...... everything must be prepared. Also we need to get some special gifts for other relatives and friends, parents will buy some new clothes for their kids, kids like to wear new clothes on that day.
The Lunar spring festival also has another name called ``guo nian`` which means to come through the new year's day. During acient times, ``nian`` means a monster that can bring bad things and bad lucks to people. If ``nian`` is coming, everything will not go well. When ``nian`` has passed everything will go well. So how could people come through ``nian``? We need to use fireworks to get it out of here, it's also another way to celebrate this popular festival.
moreover a bus arrived 20 minuites late.
How is your contry's weather these days?
I really liked dinasaurs when I was a child.
I often go to a climing gym every weekend.
I have not been to a climbing area in the moutain.
There are several words on the Web, such as tofu jelly and bean beancurd jelly.
By riding on the bicycle, every scenary of the city seems fresh.
Hava you ever usedFacebook before?
com, facebook has both positive and negative effects on peopele.
You can find a photo that had been taken by a witness in the following attachement.
First of all, I think children should have cell phones as they are important for security perpose.
Second, I think using cell phones on puplic transportion shold be banned because it sometimes creates trouble for people espacially old people who have electronical implants in their bodies.
I need to use my time well to practice my English ablity.
After the earthquake, I found consumers 'comsumpton behavior changed.
If possible, I want to learn french or italian or grammy ^ ^
The doughter is about 25, and her sons are two and three years old.
I want some advice on what souveniors would be good to give each person.
Hopely/ Hoping to escape from stress.
When I was coming back to my home, I met Lawrence, who is my friend by chace.
Last week I did a presentation in which I introuced an article for our major.
I played the guiter, I sometimes played the fiddle or tin whitsle.
If you are interested in it, please try to seach it I on You Tube.
My name is kaoru.
I'm an ordinary japanese high school student.
I often make mistakes in English and I sometimes feel embrass when talking to foreigners.
Today `s test was a totaly mess.
Television has so many funny programs that they watch televsions instead of talking with their parents, and they can get addicted which means they have little time to talk.
I like Disney very much, and she knoes that.
Moreever, it was hot today.
Today, I talked with my friend who is warrying about love.
I completed a kind of figureine at last.
Ive studied some languages. Chinese, English, French, etc. some were at school, some were with friends.
Because of this, I cannot speak every language Ive studied in the past.
Chinese and French pronunciantion* are very difficult, especilly* Chinese.
I found solace in some heartwarming words in which people overseas praised the behavior of Japanese people: There was no panic, nor riot; They behaved calmly; They gave way to each other; Many people gave a han to strangers in need.
I went to a Japanies Restuarant with my younger sister yesterday.
Personally, I don't like sush much but it was delicious.
I want to say ``thank you`` a millian times.
I didn't even realize the cough drops made my stomache worse.
We ate sushi and after that drunk ice chcolate, so now I'm very full.
I dicide to take the fourth trial of GEPT.
I feel like improving my English skill more and meeting many foeign people.
My hair is like this phote.
Isn't it a wierd system?
This does not make any sence at all to me.
Gradually, her body weakend, and she hardly spoke a word.
My Aunt said that she was sorry that none of Grandma's family were able to meet her behore she died.
The doctor said that I have an allerge to water from indoor swimming pools.
I am an overseas marketing representative of a lighting campany.
To my sadness, villains certainly do exsist in any society.
There were lots of topings on it and it was so good!
I envy him because I wear contact lensis and it is a big bother for me to maintain it.
By the way, I relly have to study English earnestly.
The simlple things are the best things.
I saw a beutiful forein woman 10 metters ahead at Ikebukuro yesterday.
I forgot that I was wearing a mask on my mouth and a sumo print T-shrt.
I don't know wherther she was smiling or laughing,
She was only laughing or smiling at me but I had a nice oppotunity!
I can't talk with a foreingner when I am alone.
I've just bought my new headphones;) I must admit, the sound is far better than my previouse ones.
Some friends call me ``a English newspaper-aholic.``
Despite the fact that I had a hangover yesterday, I went to go to Roppongi Hills (in Tokyo) to see a movie with my freinds early in the morning.
The day before yesterday was my freind's birthday!
I like American TV Drama.. Gray's Anatomy, Desparate Housewives, 24, LOST, Criminal Minsds (I love Mattew Gray Gubler!).
My Freinds (One is Korean, Another is Chinese) are more informed about Japanese TV Drama than me (I'm Japanese!).
After waching the movie, we took pictures.
My freind who is Korean had many color pens and cute seals to decorate the album.
After mading the album, we ate ice cream.
I think that I wa to eat Cold Stone Creamery's ice cream every day.
I bought the Citypass in order to visit the ROM as the Citypass was cheaper than the enterance fare at the/ for the ROM.
I always persue my goals.
I want to use more natural and native like expressions instead of awkard ones.
I drew him a still life, landscape and an act picure.
Igot out of bed, and opened the cartains.
I fell in love with Robert Pattainson!
But the frist time, I didn't like him because he was cold to the heroine and other characters.
Today my conputer is broken, so I did not wriet my notebook, I have many things I want to wriet but I am not good at english, I am a sudant and I am stady about fashion dictate,.. and today I am a little busy, because we have a exam and it is about english. ihave lost my confdence in my english..... the future is grey
I'll eat foods that have a lot of dietaly fibers, low calories, and healthy,
For example, konnyaku, wheat, toufu, etc.
Inconsidalate and racist closed captions in ``The Tonight Show``
I am a cook, but I am also a student a univercity.
I want to improve my English skills, so I am writing a daiary.
But I have nothing interesuting to write.
Boring couses and endless homework make me feel ignored.
As is often the case with many animations, they have their origianls sources (such as novels and video games) which carry messages from the authors
Toyota Motor Corpration, which is situated in the eastern part of Nagoya city, was an economic leader for more than__ decades in this area.
I have studied Englisg at a certain English school in Nagoya.
I should give up studing about prosthetic limbs in Japan.
I had a confernce at the office yesterday.
Since/ Because I caught a chill from the air conditioning during the confernce, I felt worse.
For example cucumbers, watermelons, eggplants, potatto and so on.
I haven't written my jurnal for one month.
Of course, I do not like typoon.
I think young and healthy people should give up their seats to older peple or pregnant women in trains and buses.
Honda's shooting and assist were so wounderful!!!
I went into various kined of sports:
It is special kined of dancing.
My mother made my favorate dishes: ear shell soup, duck cuisine, etc.
I was full in the stomache and empty in the head. (^ ^)
After shopping, I dropped in for a cup of ice coffee at starbacks.
Lerning Portuguese
I noticed that Portuguese grammer is more smilar to English than Japanese.
But they are also a little deffrerent.
I somketimes can understand it while/ by reading, but I can't writting and speak it.
I still haven't studied wrtting and speaking.
I'm embarrassed to say it in front of you native English speakers but I am teaching English grammer as a part-time job.
attached is my curriculum history for futher infromation.
I searched the internet and found an interesant page.
If you have interesant in Japanese and have time, you should have a look at this page.
Because I'm poor in grammer.
It has taken shape under the influense of the social cataclysms of the 20th century.
My firend give me this website.
I think it is a catharsis for themself.
However, I cannot understand why an 11 year old boy chose to commit suiside.
bussiness streets during holiday
We are in our winter holiday, so I went to see the bussines streets without workers.
Well this is enought for today.
It's delisious!!!
Frunkly speaking, I make this desion with worries and hesitation.
I listend to a free public lecture in Topaz hall.
He gave a recture on the 'Challenge toward Excellence'
He is only 31 years old but, he has had a successful carrer (related to/ in) international organization.
and I felt encourgement.
If I could write english well I could have written in more detaily
I'm interested English, Spanish, and italain.
That has made me want to be a flight attandance.
If I use the wrong sentance please tell me the right sentance.
Nothing brings you peace but youself.
The best way to predict your future is to creat it.
Recentry, I have been interviewed for jobs in China.
becouse you are japanese, you can get huge income.
Do you know waht foreign accent syndrome is?
My name is Bianca, I am Japanese and I'm studing at university, I am studying English and little bit of Spanish.
My hobby is walking arong at a park, shopping, and karaoke!
Christmas is alomst here..
But I think to go on a tirp on Christmas is good idea, because you can enjoy illumination for Christmas at other places you have never been and also sight seeing.
I think this is defferent from English speaking countries, right?
somtimes we laughing,
I might make a lot of mistekes.
I was suprised by my friend in the UK on Skype the other day.
Acturally, I cut my hair in the front by myself.
I said to my boyfried.
There are many children who cannot appologize.
Yesterday, I read an airtcle about ``Lang-8`` in on the Internet news.
It was very defficult.
I am dissapointed by my English, but I can `t give up my objective, so I believe I can improve my English, and absolutely achieve my objective.
Anyway, I have been writing English essays recently because I need to write one next Feburary.
I could communicate with them, but when they got drunk, I couldnn't communicate with them.
My englush is very limited.
I boiled water after adding salt, then boilded the spaghetii.
While boiling the spaghetii, I sliced two pieces of garlic, cut a chili in half, and minced some parsley.
I put some olive oil into a frying pan, and fried the garlic and the chili over a low flame until golden brown.
I removed the garlic and the chili from the frying pan and added some bread crumbs.
For instence, if you say something like 'long time no see' if you want to greet your old friend, because
I'm working at foreing company as a member of HR department.
In that stuation, I thought he was insain and very crazy.
He said, ``mabye Jinwoo comes to school at 6: 40AM.``
Breakfirst?
I just did arrangements around my desk so calmy and looked around in the class.
Whoever I am, it's unavoidalbe to taste bitter feelings, isn't it?
I like to play videp games.
Yesturday afternoon, Dave prepared to join a baseball game, but
I went to Tokyo Disneyland on Septemver 13th.
I thought there were not that many peple.
I was invided by a friend who is one of the hosts.
After thant, we were explained
I want to have more oppotunities to communicate with others in English.
I am a beginer, but I will work hard to master communicating in English!
It is very good for theri English.
but actualy, I don't have confidence:-(
While talking with her, I realized that I prefer to hesitate first and then act. Here is one exampe
If you get a brand-new thing (some kind of accesory) for free, do you always use it right away or wait until later?
If you sayYes, you're a person who likes advanture and lives now!
Mmm,,, I can't make long sentences:(
but only me and one otherone had/ got 100%
Additionally, I wolud like to help people in need concerning Japanese!
I have to resarch about things to doin China.
A complaint letter (Writting Task 1 in Cambridge IELTS 1 General Training)
I feel so glad that can improve my written english this way. And thanks to the people who accepted me as their friends on this website. I will write something on this website and also deal with some of my friends 'problems when they learn chinese. We can help each other this way. Meanwhile, I also want to communicate with them. So if anyone sees this diary and also feels like they want to communciate via MSN, my msn screen name is honeyan@ live. cn.
He hit his head hard on the celling and got a cucussed.
My Vietnamese Mamam
Many people tell me that I'm craise because I'm studing Japanese.
``Japanese is a dificult language``?
I am realy studing Japanese, and it doesn't matter what people say.
First one I met, I first met in Los lostangels when I was in second gread.
We went to a lot of sightseeong places like Dizney land, Universal stadio, Hollywood and so on.
Recently, CO2 iscausingacid rain particularily in Europe. As a result, forests ihave been injured.
For example, the higher the global temperture is, the higher the sea level will be due to melting ice, as a result, some ilands will sink. Of course, people who live on these ilands will have to leave their country.
For these reasons, I believe that thebenefits are outweighed (outweighted) by the negative impact automobiles have had on the environment.
They have lived in Melbourn (for) about 40 years.
I bought a wine-colored cut and sewn.
I have been seeing him for two years and three manths.
I will buy a Christnas present for my parents next Thursday.
I read some comics and plyed video games.
During my business trip on Wednesday through Thursday, I found a cute cake being sold at Marui (depertment store).
I bought two pakages impulsively.
We are keeping touch since 2007 and he would help me make other canadian frineds through Facebook.
It is said the flapping wings of a butterfly might creat slingt changes in the atmasphere, and, thus, (it might) change the path of a tornado or prevent the occurence of the it.
It's much like a metophor which can be seen in movies as well as in our real lives.
No one knows what will happen, since we're not foretellers and can't predict the future.
One of my friends called me this evening and said, ``One of my friends in high school has died``. It is dificalt for me to accept that, even though she was not one of my closest friends, she (always) let me coppy her homework before excam. I used to go to her house, where we liked singing (songs) and (?) shipping (?) quite often. I didn't expect her to leave from my life soon like this. I feel sad.
I used to cook thai food with her, like pudthai. we were relly happy to do it because I told her that I couldn't cook anything except an omlet.
Also, I ate the expensive food at her house because we bought a lot of thing for that, you know, thing near her house. It is really expensive but on that day, we didn't care. But, we cared about whether or not we could eat the food, because maybe it wouldn't not diliceise.
I just didnt hava a chance to use it.
So, I resistered and wrote this.
I havn't spoken in English for a long time, and I know little about
I really don't konw how to improve my English.
I have found, so far, that this system is potentially very beneficial for me to keep posting entries, especially since I am having a hard time keeping dialy updates on other websites such as facebook and so on.
I am not saying that lang-8 is better than facebook as a SNS site, but this might be a system that suits me well and it encourages me to continure learning on a daily bases.
The 5th day, Gymnalism
But I think that practice is very impourtant.
You can make different freinds there, speak a different language, the most wonderful thing is to share your own culture with others.
I know I am not that ambious, and always have the tendency to doubt myself.
I want to improve my English ablitly and gain more teaching experience.
My idea throuhgh my experiences is that the brain functions more efficiently in the morning than in the evening.
Noboribetus Onsen is called '' Onsen paradaise ''.
This is creasy:)
Second news: now I lern English, but my work somtimes eats (takes) time from lerning:(Third news: I am preparing my pfoto exibition, but I don't have (enough) time for it!
I have learnt Enlish for a long time, but I cannot express myself freely in English.
Language enviroment, frequence of usage and not persisting in studying may be the reasons why I cannot make further progress.
The first thing to do when I got up in this morning was to serch for the result of Classico, a match-up between Real Madrid and FC Barcelona, on the Internet.
I predicted Real had a little advantage considering about thier recent performances.
I was plannning to have an English meeting with my colleagues before I actually entered the company.
We, the new faces are all hired as English-speaking sales representitives, so I thought it's good for us to talk in English together to keep our English skills up to a good quality.
I talked to Hayashi-san, a female co-worker who spent her high school and college days in Australia, about my plan to hold the meeing every weekend.
I will talk to them and suggest thet we have to prepare something to discuss beforehand.
Premarital sex is becoming widely embraced in Indonesia nowdays.
Those parliament members are prone to polygamy, adultery, and corruption while they talk about how immoral the youngters have been.
I went to a restrusant to eat food.
Finaly I finished writing my resume tonight.
It was so difficulte for me to write it in English.
It was already more an half year that enroll in this website.
Unfunately, it doesn't make sense to use this website.
I hope that there's somebody who makes me understant and guides me through this strange world.
My husband said, ``I am being transferred to HongKong Kong``.
Everything is very interesting and unsual for me.
The test I took consisted of 2 parts: lisning and vocabulary.
According to the test result, my lisning skill is in the upper intermediate level, which means my lisning level is getting better than it used to be.
Which verds may I use in the abvoe sentence?
The reasosns why I study English
I don't want to stop challening something.
I have lots of things to study about English, like grammer and vocabulary.
I walkde
I was in the Botanical garden on wensday.
My excursion was realy interesting, I didn't know that the Blue Spruce arrived in Russia from Nothern America, for example.
Up until now, I have worring about my English too much, so now, I have decided to go to the US.
Sumou is the traditional wrestling of Japan.
I often watch Sumou matches on TV.
Yesterday, I helped my friends wroten compositions until 3am.
So I'm so tird today.
I saw a scean when a person threw his cigarrete to the ground from the window of his car.
Actually, my enlgish is terrible.
I have been taking an enlgish class for about 1year.
Many people who can speak English fluently are intoroduced in the book.
Or I want to sllep more.
I made some new frends there and talked to them!!
So I will give him some tommorrow morning.
I got him smling, so I became happy!
I heard that 3 big torched stages will be on Kalakaua Ave and tere will be lots of hula shows for 4 hours!
Actually, I've been going out with my girfriend ever since my practice teacher time.
on a snow-coverd ground
Sakuras have beagn to bloom.
There are many people today at the entrance celemony.
So I hasitated to go there, but today I dare to go because the weather is good.
the place where the shopwas built is unconvenient to customers.
Today, when I came home, My son had olready come home.
The eleventh issue will be released in Autum next year.
In addition, as many Asian countries surpass the hardles for a developed countries 'tourist such as sanitary devices, etc., it is getting more and more difficult to attract foreign tourists by ethnic and historical taste which is one of strongest resources of Kyoto.
The other day, three of recovery workes in Fukushima nuclear power plant were exposed to radiation.
Although there is conflictin information, I was disapointed with its management system.
Doctors tried to save her, but she was injuried very badly.
Fortunately, he has admitted that his clothes need a litte bit of updating.
I work at a cram school for elementary and junior high school syudents after school.
If you like mthematics, let's try it ^ ^
Recently, I read a book that introduced a lot of English-praticing.
It looks three dimentional with special glasses.
This is my first journal in lang-8 and I dont know what I should write on this page but I'll make an effort to write something and I hope it will be usefull for me.
I then discovered that my pronounciation is bad.
I love Howaii
The island is so wounderful, and from that time, my dream has been to live in Hawaii in the future.
My major was psychology and I also wolked at the university.
The people around me are veri nice.
But, I want to sutdy English.
I want to talk other people and learn about ohter cultur.
I began this trial last week which made my living costs deciling rapidlly and also make me eat healthier.
For instance, when I watched South SouthPark, which is a famous American anime, there are many words that I can't distinguish.
(Not only slungs.)
So I'll try it with an accompanying CD of a English diglogue textbook.
In college, there are many books, laboratories and proffecer.
It is fun to dance 50 minutes, so I want to get slnder body as soon as possible!!!!!!!!!!!
Actually, I have dicided to go and work in Australia during holiday.
If you speak English and maybe are interested in Ruccia, or Russian language I guess you'll have something to talk with me about.
It's our faverite park these days.
He palyed there for 40 minutes, then we went to the area to play with some small cars.
It became the time to eat lunch, so we went to restrant near there.
He knows panda and pig before I even notie.
I'm a college student in Japan and will go to Vnacouver this April.
So, I want to improve my English grammer!
when you go to various countries, you will learn more abot your country than abot those countries.
However, this does not nessesary mean that people in rest of the world live in the same way.
I like to play guiter.
I have been playing guiter for 2 years.
My familly has (* or consists of) seven people and a cat Reo.
I will try to write about somethig interesting tomorrow.
and I asked to check out twoo books,
Today there is no scool, because it's Sunday.
But my sister sometimes make an amonymous phonecall because it's an company charge.
I'm so happy:) and shooping is exciting!!
Today, I made a manuscript for a debate tournament with my freinds.
I belong to the debate club at my univesity.
In the Roman cicus, one of the most popular sports was performed by a person who leapsaround.
She was obliged to vow opely the she had been there.
My company sometimes holds farewell parties, Chiristmas parties, year-end parties and so on.
The restaurant next to my office holds a promotion that we can get free drinks for an hour for 10 poeple if the business card we drop into the box at the restaurant is selected.
My friend was very tird because it took a long time.
I have decided to stay wiht an Australian family.
I want a lot of imformation.
A crossing in this city may be very suprising for foreign people making a trip to Sibuya for the first time.
I repeted NPR news out loud by reading a transcription.
I havet to practice more!
I will graguate in 1 year. Looking good!
we had an opening ceremony in my school and I must stady hard to
I am a profecional wrestler
I'm avarable on Monday.
Now that I know about this, I belive my english will get better.
I heard the grade of TOEIC of Taiwan citizens was lower than Japane, Korea,....
So would you please share your exprience of learning English or another language with me?
I don't know why, but I overated snacks....
The time of witing a diary has gradually shortened.
For example, my job starts at exactly 5 o 'clock and it takes hald an hour to get there.
We are trying to speek solely in English during the meeting.
Tomorrow I'm goint to dubbing in Maldives.
However, some people will keep studying languages as long as they're not losing their interests and foudness for them, even though there are many barriers to learn them.
attend: I dicided to attend the language school in Umeda.
occupy: In this company, women occupy 60 percant of the excutive officer positions.
concentrate: I was scoled by the teacher and told to concentrate on the class.
persue: Humans have been persueing the truth, but only few people have found it.
Hopely there is someone who can help me.
Althought I had made a studying schedule, I am way behind it.
But fall was coming towrd us in silence.
Fisrt, I want to take a city-tyour bus around Seoul.
This website of course allows me to keep practising English, but only my writting.
I'll write my french ``hello post`` larter-I have my head full of english now due to my work and I'm not good at ``switching languages`` yet.
Today I practiced playing card magic.
Actually I didn't excercised yesterday, either.
This is the first time we have lived far from our home so we are feeling very unhappy and miss my family so very much. especilly, I miss when we sit to eat together and when we play something together.
All students that study abroad say they have the same upset feelings. That is, they miss their family when they have a celebration and they always want to go back immadiatelly.
I guess that famous people can permit themselve strange things which become elements of their style.
-suger, 1-3tsp
-Put mint leaf, lime and suger into tumbler.
Every morning I go to Sterbacks coffee at 7: 30.
Hallo!!
Because I tought that having a big room could lead to an expansive life.
I have not done much exceises and have drunk and eaten a lot.
Diseny and Japanese animation's characters are illuminated there.
I'm learning English to communicate with foline people.
Please check my sentense, and pick up my mistakes.
I are breakfast and went to the liburary to study English, but I coughed so many times in the library that I went back home at around 3: 00 pm.
How Will I Spenf My Spring Festivel
January 1st on traditional Chinese canlendar is Spring Festival.
I hope these could come ture.
I don't think I'm contacting him until he contacts me, because this reprehensible audasity (!) has made me all sulky.
And I'll also hlep other Chinese as possible as I can.
I palnted sweet potates last Sundy, I also palnted cuvamber, eggplant, tomate, corn and watermelon.
I'm lokking for big harvest.
A certain research center desinated night time work a second degree carcinogen.
Tell you the truth, a cuty was sitting in front of me and I wanted to pretend that I was studying...
Everything is beyound my imagination.
Usually my landlord notices me when the visiters are coming.
However, somehow my landlord and a visiter came to my room without notice...!!
But, how could the landlord and visiter know about a story of Gachapin?
This makes me cofused because I feel he's like a little boy but, I'm gonna leave my country to go to Canada in 2 months.
We didn't talkin about these feelings but, someday I want to have a the time to talk about it [with him], but I'm scared that it will change our relationship and feelings.
When we see an old couple jogging together in the mornin, they look happy.
I made cake of maccha for my mom and gave card from me, dad, and my brother.
At the seminar, the instructor said that Japanese tend to feel nervous or tense when they make a presentation for many lisners.
3) It is unusual even for Japanese to speak with heighest honorific grade.
``I got a lot out of the expierience.``
``I got a lot from the expierience.``?
I have only simple sentance, and vocabulary.
Please read my sentance, patiently.
Some people think that they can learn better by thhemselves than with a teacher. Others think that it is always better to have a teacher. Which do you prefer?
Actually, I'm studying Microsoft exel by myself using several exercise books right now.
However, the most difficult thing to study by oneself is contunuation.
We can learn passively while being tutored and it's easier to start studing.
But I decided to get a new notebook for my convinience.
In additon, Japan was the winner of women's W-CUP football today.
ln order to get rid of my bad luck, l 'll get out of school and have fun witn my friends this weekend.
The first time it was a German guy, he had been seeing a russian girl from Sankt-Pietersburg before our conversation, but they had down split up.
We were talkind about different writers and he mentioned Bulgakov, I said Bulgakov is a Russion writer, he was surprised and asked me ``Really``, I answered ``OF COURSE!!
She'd been lerning for 5 years.
Despite this resistence, I wasted 4days and about 5000yen....
``Pirates of the Carobbean: On Stranger Tides`` was exciting, too.
I go to work by train and walk for an houre.
I don't like the train becouse there are so many people on it.
I think that it is a good thigs for children, however it is bad for adults.
This story is realy sad and breaks my heart.
The pitches are written in flet numbers, so tablatures don't show musical ascent/ descent very well.
Evencally, I stayed with my friend.
Over 30 people came to the Christmas party, it was lovly!!
Wasabi is Japanese horserasish.
I plan to go to Germany for a bussiness trip in June.
I am in the blass band
Is there any language course from April to August 2011 befor I enter
I want to have many frinds throughout the world/ all over the world.
Kate has her dinner in a scholl canteen.
Since I'll stay my home for two weeks, I can't see my dormitory friends durng the term.
At my university, freshmans to choose one of these courses for the next year: literature, intercultural communication, linguistics and international relationship.
I bought a chicken and rice casserrole, pasta and iced tea.
I like to eat spagetti.
I don't like hot weather, neather do I like cold weather, but if I have to choose one of the two, I (would) choose cold weather.
I took a picture of the shrine and the sweet called ringo ame, or cand apple.
My wardorabe needed to be tidied up.
I go to the lessons evrey Sunday.
But finaaly I found what I exactly want.
and I jusrt wanna learn more forgein languages, I want to be a traslator.
Besides medicine and injections, what mythod can help cure a cold quickly?
actually, I'm not good at speaking and lishtening to english..
I will plan a weekend schule.
in the Afternoon I will be watching movice at theater, and eat dinner on a newly-opened restaurant near to it.
Sunnday is my classmate's wedding day, I will attend.
What is the difference between present perfect and present perfect continous?
I am a student, but I have a job as an instracter in a fitness club.
The menbers of the FIFA World Cup were announced.
Today, we had an English class and watched the drama Full Fullhouse.
So eterday I look frearfuliy at the scales.
One of my colleagues said that if the suspicions and misunderstandings about the conflict become amplified, a war will inevitably happen and our country might be dismembermented into several small countries. If that is the case, I will have to apply for a passport when I go back to my hometown (which is far from my workplace...)
I hope I can have more opportunities to practice with natived English speakers.
I thougt that I should be carefull when driving my car on ice.
It's very cool and confortable in summer.
I will see many animals in a famous Zoo and do horse trecking in Hokkaido.
It looks so moderm. Most of the vehicles in the parking lot were cars and scooters.
I rode my bike into the parking lot and I asked the guard loudly and dinified, ``Excuse me, where can I put my bike?``.
Well, I was succesful on the first step to being special there.
Finally, I found the most approprivate position for my bike.
Still having confidence, I went to the stand, and after obtaining my monney, the bank teller asked me for the receiving fee.
It took a few minutes to colectted all the small change in my purse.
A heart that is always waiting for you and satify with your love.
This way reflecs an indemocratic face of America.
Oh, America. If you call for respect of human rights and human dignity, why did you throw Ben Laden `s cropse in the sea as if he was an animal not a human being?
Second, I decide to reserach literature for my theory's title with my
Finally, I want to work on improving my oral skills and not being nervous while I am reporting somthing.
I was supriesed at how crowded it was.
I shoud study English very hard.
It shows a thema park, hambuger, cellur phones and Coca-Cola.
Suprise!
The new room is wide and clene.
I apologise if some of you feel ofended, it's just a linguistic possibility that crossed my mind this morning.
He said a drunk person lost conscinousness!
I told him the address to anather hospital, because my hospital does not have a CT scanner.
I didn't want to watch the concert standing, but I couldn't wacth comfortably sitting.
The door-to-door percel delivery is ridiculously expensive, but I have no choice but to ask them.
It's been a long time scinse I had wrote before....
Onece upone a time, there was a man who had worked hard everyday, all the time.
One day he cought a cold.
His illness was not bad, but he could 't stop his nose from runnning.
After a while, finaly, He came up with an idea.
he looked up and just stared at the fluoresecnt bulbs on the ceiling, because he was working in his offise.
4, Tha plan was executed as originally scheduled.
Momo is so smart and popular among dogs in the neighborfood.
It's so expencive.
Despite that this book was written about the devil it is the smartiest and the most amazing book I have ever read.
This scene is describe so detailed, it's like the autor was there.
Recently I watched a TV-programme about Bulgakov and found out how he wroute it.
His wife wroute it from his words.
about photogragh.
I Especialy Iike the kappa sushi which is a Japanese high tech sushi shop.
He noticed us and he parformanced with melodramaticly for us.
I had always sent the picture from my computer skin to her becasue I can't anwers her question since my sister bought the computer I never had to ask her about speck computer.
One of my friends came to my computer's contronl by using some program to help me check my computer.
I didn't know it had that program, and I am relly serprised how he did it.
Now my senior is looking for a cheepest airline chiket.
This week I talked to one of the menbers of the Eglish practicing club.
However, this morinig I went to my office for a little work.
Thus, the festival was rly excited.
And I had lanch at a ramen shop with my labolatry members.
I gotta go to the festa again tomorrow.
I you hava time, come to the festa.
Please look at this setence below.
I don't want to face a grammer book every day (it's so boring), and I don't think it has a good effect on me.
This is my first diary on this website, so I ', m kind of nervous now because I am not sure if someone corect my English or not.
it is a good nigth
I am in tha computer, my family is asleep beacuse is late at night!!...
It is 5 miniuts walk from JR Himeji station.
I wii work as a translator.
I hope I speak Japanese and English as if it were my native lanugage some day!!
So I went out to meet one of my ex collegue.
The cherry blossoms of the spring came litte bit late this year, but the mood of spring always makes me happy
How abou you?
According to the unoficcial information from a friend of mine, who is the finalist of the former astronaut selection, the authorities will give the examination every (?) 2 or 3 years for some reason.
People have trouble finding jobs and they end up becoming homepless, so the government needs to help people to find jobs.
The other is to try to prevent homelessness by providing accomodations, such as hotesl.
Orgsnize medical charts
I have a lot of thing to tell you about my hometown but I scare you correct my diary for a long time please let me a bit to tell you while I stay at home and write my entry. I don't have that much to tell you, but when I went to outsite I have a lot..
All the people do agriculture and take care of bufalow
There are lots of beautiful montains in my hometown, like ZiJing montain.
We live nere ZiJing montanil.
I've just added the Lang-8 to my favorit list.
Happily, I don't have a faver.
So, I went to the English sppeaking Salon in school and I spoke English.
But I have difficulty speaking corrctly what I would like to say.
I watched what was happening in the northen area on the tv news.
Now, not only Japanese but also pepople living in abroad worry about the effects of radiation, but don't worry.
We got up at nine o 'clock and took breakfast at a restrant in the hotel.
We packed our baggages and checked out of the hotel at eleven o 'clock.
We had to be at the hotel's loby, so we left our large baggage at the hotel.
Then we walked down the river to Marlion Park.
About thirty minuites later we arrivedat Marlion Park.
Marlion Park has two Marlion statues.
Mixd feeling (s)
One is Mario, she's a Japanese that everyone can't tell/ guess the age of, and the other is Sinan, a turkish that is a little bit mad (I mean funny and crazy, careless about the rules). So it's going to be a very fun and intensive semester.
I think during the preaching class, the speaker aroused my interst in the bible.
This is my firt time on this site-I'm excited!
Hope to keep this dialy for a long time enough to
and this day, I'd like to take a walk at the park with Earphones on while listening to songs of my favorate singer, 'Brian Macknight'...
When I met a doctor from Standford amonth ago, I couln't talk fluently.
How can I have confidece?
Please tell me, What is the diffarence bitween NO and NONE.
He had a notebook that he was cariing all time.
I think I love her. ``7 mounths later, they got married.
I went to Hakkeijima Sea Paradice yesterday!
Chao!
Today I met some frinds.
Recently, Lerning English has made me very tired,
but Taliking with frinds in English is very and will make me
I read Japan Times Online to collect information about the Japanese ecconomies, affairs and events.
In Japan, 'Valentine's day' has a different meaning from other countrie.
I, a holic, love this season very much.
How do you spend valentin's day in your country?
[2011-2-15] Suprise
Today was the happiese day in February.
Last night, when I was attending class, a sellphone call made me nervous.
Why? Because one of my classmates called us asking if someone had come back to the dometory, but all of us were outside except for that classmate.
imaging no one was in the dometory and my classmate saying that he heard someone getting in his next dometory, we knew that there was a thief getting in it!
so we ran out of the classroom immediately and towards to our dometory!
Fortunately, after arriving at the dometory, we discoveried that nothing was stolen, We were aware that the thief had the key to the dometory, maybe the thief was a student who had even lived in the same dometory!
This traditional festival originated from an old legend. (The next two paragraphs are not writen by me, I just want you konw the strory.)
when my teacher heard the sounds that my classmates made with the Dan-so, she dicided to let them pass the exam because they made the correct sound.
It was so exciting and unexpectable.
I know Japanese people are notrious for not knowing much history.
actully I'm surprised, its awesome, it really is.
Yesterday I made a foreign friend through Fcaebook.
At first, we were devided to two team.
Of Ofcours, the team being questioned have to answer quickly.
I work in the depertment store and sell a lot of baked cake.
In Japan, men who received chocorate from women have to give some sweets to women (on White Day).
By the way, I will go shopping with my best friend tommorow:)
Becouse her school's admission exam was conducted there.
She wrote a card that says ``Thank you for coming to my town and you guys are so cool``, drew a picuture and cut it in the shape of a heart, even though she hadn't seen them yet ^ ^;
I was a master of a celemony for two or three competitions for the master of the sumo wrestlers, so I know him well.
I pretended to be the person and said ``I love you`` to my primary school classmate, and she beleved it.
When my mother and my anuts grew up, and they got married and had babies.
My favorit restaurant
My favorit restaurant is ``Omoya``, located near my conpany in Yoyogi.
I always looki forward to eating a traditional dish of Japan that is made from seasonal fish and vagetables.
I read Sherlock Holmes, I was so exicited,
Can you immage composing a picture with nothing eales but hair? Can you imagine making a picture with butterfly wings? I can't immage this, so when I saw the pictures, I was deeply moved by the composer's patience ahd creativity.
It is difficult and hard for me to study English but I like to comunication foreigners so I like studying English alot.
I was uploading in the internet for languge exchange.
so I rejeted him, but he has been sending me (SMS) messages and calling me untill now.
We were teaching each other, but after learning he took me to a beautiful river and he said he is looking for a frienf..
I was very shocked and became so angry and disapoint at the men of Singapore.
Finally, I graduated from graduate school of engineering and got a degree of Master of Enginnering today.
I usually spend my time drinking with my friends and watching america dramas.
Today, I found myself just whatcing america dramas again!!
A simple question just popped up in my haed.
It's lik Venice in China.
It was all lols for me but I conldn't say anything.
I met some foreigners and many students who also want to practic their language skill.
I know it doesn't make sense but I would like to know if is it gramtically correct.
Is that ture?
I'm supossed to visit Germany, Belgium, Holland and Italy, at least.
Including: Meals (breakfast for the 1st and 2nd day, lunch for the 1st and 2nd day, dinner for the 1st day). Bus (from Hanoi to Ha Long Bay). Guide who can speak English, Boat. Crusing and tour of the limestone cave.
Thr story is hard to tell but it is wonderful for me.
The scene was recorded on video camere and the article said 'as if he were a magician'.
The person I admire is my grangfather.
When I was a child, my grangfather tanght some useful knowledge, for example, Math, Chinese, science and so on.
My grangfather is very kind and courageous person, so his students all like him.
My grangfather is the person I admire.
I have no friends here to studyy English with.
It was too early such that there was no any other costomer yet excep me.
We went to a library to study until 4 in the aafternoon.
Then I left for the post office to claim an official ducument.
I remember your smile from the past that never was, when we all lived together in a valley, in a forrest.
It's a plesure to meet you.
I thought my order was recieved.
I'm working as a cram school teacher anf I'm good at Japanese ^ ^
The tool was made by a good programer.
My farst objective is to keep on writing in English every day!
I've written an arctical, but I will try my best!!!:D Thank you friends for caring so much, I do appreciate any messages or corrcting from you ^ ^
My roomate has been keeping three small turtles.
I was looking forword to reading this new series, but I did not notice that a new book was sold.
Luckly!
I'm happy to find a creative store that sells many creative, useful things, sush as, milk in the shape of lamps, fried eggs in the shape of lamps which shimmer in the yoke, flowers in the shape of electric fans, and so on.
But the most intetesting thing to me is a lamp that is like book car and can shine out its edge.
It is so convenient to me in reading in the dark that I can read commic books and won't be found by mother.
CS5 is producted by Adobe.
My daughter has been going to this school since kindergarden and she likes it.
Well, I think I'll write everyda,
Although I must go to work leaving her alone, I thknk that our time together is still good for us.
My wife and siter-in-laws will come back home and we'll have a party.
As you know, when experts advise you on something, you might accpted it without any notion of whatyou have in your own situation that they don't know.
Why's the deley?
I'll definitely order the rest of the seriese.
I found that some of my firends had been here.
I like it vey much.
Another was making the temperature inside their own house as cold as the temperature ouside.
What kind of alchols do you like?
Some flever are like passion fruit, woods, or smoke.
At the event, many companies prefferd whiskies to visitors and the event program included an artistic performance and a cooking class featuring whiskies.
I'm going to watching musical ``singles`` with my office collegue.
Another famous scenic spot is Songyang Academy, which was built during the Nouth Song Dynasty.
By the way, I will do a presentation for my president the day after tommorow, so I'm a bit nervous.
``Get everybody out I want them all actio***``
I am now in the 7th semester of Ingineering school.
Next,_ I_ Icreate character designs.
But I have something to do, for exanmple, cleaning my room and preparing for tomorrow's tasks.
Since I came back to Japan, I have seen my firends who didn't see for a year.
I talked to her by Skyp at the first time.
The Skyp is clear.
There are many kinds of ppendix.
The system to register courses here is more compricated than at Tohoku Univ.
Most of the courses repuire that we get permission to register.
When I went to an Asian grocery store, a clerk tolked to me and began to explain the rice sold in the store
Today is the seventeenth day of the sixth month of the Lunar Calendar in Taiwan, and the seventh month is called Ghost Month; namly, Ghost Month is coming!
As interesting as these activities are, some still regard Ghost Month as an unluck month; hence, some keep out of playing in streams or sea, some go to temples every day, and some are very careful of what they do and say.
This was the first time in a long time, becouse I had a university entrance exam.
I am lookin forward to him growing up.
O ~ M ~ Godness!!
She said, onec she was called into the police station because she forgot to bring her driver's license while she drove.
Thank you all for your patience nad kindness.
facinating way to imrpove writing
However, she is so modest and said ``I don't need notihg.
It is difficult to select presents for women, espcially for girls.
I am learning English and Janpenses.
He was a great driver in the narrow road headding for the river.
I was very happy to talk with my friends and watch the blightening water splash.
My grandfater was Filipino and my grandmather is Japanese, so my moter is a half Filipina.
Though I remember words everyday and when I read an english artical it is so hard and I come across so many unknow words.
But I ferventy beliver that what makes you scared, will make you stronger!
But I found out that I was easily adicted to the plots, not the English actor's lines.
Fires in the forests around the sity are still raging, and if the wind changes direction, the smog will cover the streets again.
Ra-yu is chili-infused vegitble oil.
Well, to make a long story short, I won a prize from a TV program that entitled me to take a picture with a baby panda at the Chengdu Concervation Center in the Sichuan Province of China.
While listening to the global news from London and giving my daugher piggyback, I wash the dishes.
This is [probably] because I slept with only [a] t-thirt [last night].
I've made a dress for my doughter.
I have made my doughter's dress which is pale yellow so she wants to be a princess too.
At the moment I have my music turnded up really loud, because there are horrible sounds outside.
One of my neigbours seems to be having his birthday today.
But they are playing the instruments in a completly wrong way... it sounds awfull!
Today, I'll introuce to you what I have been trying to do recently.
Ordinally, I don't feel comfortable with the atmousphere, and I'm annoyed with them.
This attiude is better for me than being annoyed.
In summer there are no temperature differences because it is aways so hot.
Do you have any ideas or do you have any suggestions of good reciepe?
Generally, Japesen girls like natural color when they wear make-up but in the dark place, we can't see seer color so she thinks vivid color make up may become a trend.
I have to choose 2 subjeckts for passing except obligatory maths and Russian.
I am inclined to choose (what is the difference between ``to be inclined to`` and ``in favour of``?) English and phisics.
I am very hesitant about phisics.
I can leaarn by heart all dates, but I will remember them only 3-4 hours.
But now, he has found hisself and he is reflecting about what he did.
Evey year, on July 18th and 19th, a summer festival is held at the shrine of this town.
I dushed out of my apartment with my kids, to the street.
the leader of the mikoshi encouraged its carrers.
And the people on the street applauded to the carrers.
I am not good at summarizing stories from books and movies, so this pracctice is tough for me.
The story begins with humans destroying all natural resources on earth. They now have to seek resorces on other planets.
They discovere another planet that has a lot of resorces.
However the resorces lie in the places where natives live and they will defend them.
One of the AVATARs learned how the natives think, what they belierve in, and cherish. Meanwhile, the other human beings attacked the tribes and their sanctuary.
They believe in spirits and chrish nature.
Level of Chinses college students 'English
As a college student in china, if you don't understand some simple English, you'll be certainly laughted at.
I'm a third year university student, my major is Japanses.
Only our Japanses department doesn't study English in the first year.
But we all have to have CET4 or CET6 (Common English Test in china, only college student can take) So we pass the exam by using what knowledge we remember from high suchool.
It'll make me good at pronouncing English:) I think pronunciation is very important in order to have a convercaiton with native speaker smoothly.
If you are falilier with Taiwan, please let me know about
I heard this is the real sise.
Maybe my pace is once a manth.
2 weeks have passed since the earsquake in Tohoku.
Japan has recieve a lot of support from people all over the world.
And white symbolizes puriey.
Everyday, her smil makes us happy.
I don't know if the same course tracks exist in the US, and I'm not sure that the lebral arts or the science tracks have the same meaning as bunkei and rikei in Japanese.
I enjoy listenig to and singing korean songs,
The two brothers are very vigor and said to have fights constantly with their mom.
This thing is quite usefull to me.
He has a great stamina, and doesntn't stumble easily when someone hits him.
The man feels that the increace of the Health Center's fee is still a good deal because it is still cheaper for us than using other company's or pharmacy's.
Actually, we can save $ 65 by getting vacctination at the Helth Center.
In contrast the man says that you don't have to pay, if you don't need to take the vacctination.
In addtion the man adviced her to wear warm clothing and use an umblella to prevent cathcing a cold because she always ends up getting sick during this season.
I took a morning bath with my son and had a breakfirst with my family afterward.
We made an appinment to meet at a cafe near my house.
At first, I introduced myself, then I asked her some questions about her exprience as an English teacher.
I mentioned to her that my interest is politics, so for example, we talked about why the prime minister is (so) unpopular, or what's the differnce between the new immigration law and the old one, etc.
I wish I was a supperman who can do many things at the same time.
My Personal Histry No. 1 Aug. 282010
Yahagi was one of 12 military families who supported and guarded the Japanese emperer.
The emperer called ``the decendant of the gods`` had landed on the island of Japan with military families.
First off, do not associate with the killjoys, bacause these people keep you from laughing and make your life a state of sadness.
Therefore, it is better for you to aviod them, because you will definitely be badly affected by those people.
Secondly, serround yourself with what you love.
Moreover, be satisfied with yourself as you are. Do not think about your height, weight, or diseases, bacause thinking a lot creates worries.
But all I did for preparation were only Lang-8 and conversational ressons 3 times a week.
But my youngest son was hanging around the sutadium during the match.
Do you mind if I give you money for th T-shirt and the ticket when I meet you?
Some people say he is a fairy, goast or illusion, but we don't know the answer.
If you have some good advice, plese let me know.
Saving electricity is an inportant issue in Japan.
Head office and factory have keep temprature at 28 degrees.
But I am a sales replesntive
After that I have to go to outside to visit our cleants
I hasitated to buy that (it), but I tried.
Becouse I have watched them a lot of times.
Recently the weatger is so bad.
exam quistion
I drank TAPIOKA!!
Returning to the song, I think that witout hard work, you won't speak English well.
My school is in Sourthern Seoul, and my house is in Yong-in, Kyeong-gi province.
It's kind of irritatng.
I have no choice but use that transfortation.
According to wheather forecast, a typhoon caused the rain.
So I was a littele bit disappointed.
English is very diffibult to master/ learn.
If we meet someone in person, how fantistic would that be.
Then three peple continued the discussion. We talked about how we will meet at Tyler's house in our dreams.
I will prepare Thai foods and neechan prepare Idonisia foods.
I was pushed by many people and I had to be in an awkward position like in tha Matrix!
They can live with litte water because the hump has water.
Whne I was a student, my science grades were very low.
I'm writing in my diary for the first time in many mounth.
so I haven't wrriten English sentences at Lang-8 for a long time.
and I am going to attend the international forum with affiliated school students this autum.
Some Affliated school students are students from foreign countries,,
I was annoyed all allday long
For example, some homework and desiding the subject of my graduation thesis.
Skupe is for learning.
Avater is one of my favorite movies.
I'm little nervus
About the mine accidenf in Chile
At first, I was happy and impressesmd by the news that all the miners had been rescured.
After that, I felt a little starage.
Why did the Chilean govornment agree to re-digging such a dangeorous mine without appropriate researcing.
The attached lenz is mine, a Nikon AF nikkor 50mm F1. 8.
I'll play with my juniora shool friends tomorrow.
I hope I can meet many good friends here and exchange launges.
I belive learning languages is same as learning another world.
Today, I was reading many magazines about delicacies in the bookstory.
Brackout!!
It was a brackout!!
Today is Valentatine 's Day.
ahee ~ chreer Up!!!!
Could you give me some information anout this song?
There were many beutiful traditional buildings.
I ate sandwitches, scones and a little chocolate cake.
All food funtastic!!!
I wondered if I was prioncess.
I have visited Kasse.
I answerd her that it was a story about a person who became crazy because he read too many books.
We laughted.
They were done by artists from the Impressionnistes movement.
I hope that I will be able to meet nice friends through my diary on this wesite.
When I was reading passage about a new contemporary art meseum in L.
A., I found something that wasn't clearly deliverate with it's meaning.
The phrase that I didn't understand was the follwing, ``A successful Broad museum would go along way toward cementing that status, which makes the possibility of its failure that much more of blow.``
The story is about a TV reporter (Bruce: Jim Carry) who has just losen his job, following that, many unluck things happen to him.
Getting to know how to speak the language is an intersting thing.
It is okey even if it is a black one.
Okey.)
It was inconvinience but I thought it was kind of funny actually.
My brother's friend's housse was kind of under water.
Fortunatelly, I live in the highest area, so my house was OK, somehow.
I have also read the news just now, and according to this, at least 51 people were confirmed dedad due to ``Ondoy`` storms and 280000 displaced due to flood.
Aplir (?) 10th the starting pitcher was Eric Bedard.
For example, when I buy somthing priced A $ 1. 53, I have to pay A $ 1. 55.
The beggining, I was at a loss.
It is hard for me to concerntrate on study at around two o 'clock because I really feel sleepy....
I felt refreshed after the nup.
It is important to think about strateagies and just try them once regardless of their credibility when we have a problem.
For examle,
They tested it so seriously that I laught more and more.
Its total area is over 17 million squear kilometres.
There are different types of climat.
I would appreciate it if you would help me accuire a good command of English.
I'm concerned with a practice session in prepartion for a public perfoemance.
I am majoiring in the architectural equipment industry.
I don't think it is a hay fever season now, but just some alegy of mine...
I'm a bigginer at Lang-8 now.
I keep watching until around 2 or 3 a. m. I'm sure it's an unhealty lifestyle, but I can't stop it!!
Today, I went to the univercity.
So, I went to see a docter the day before yesterday.
But my docter said that I have an ordinary cold.
Exspecially I liked sheeps.
Hello, my name is Claudia. I would like to be a teacher. I like voliball, romanic movies, and anime. I like music, but a hate the banda music or something like that. I would like to improve my writing.
I fugured that she might not want to talk to me so I told her it's OK to end this conversation.
3) My another parter, who is an ABC, told me that he was busy typing a manu for a restaurant.
She walks like a lady, but she always carries a large gunny bag filled with books, which is a little bit not so campatible to her ``gentlewoman style``.
I had a bit trouble when I attemped to sign up for the forum.
To my surpise the code was accepted.
Sometimes, I think about visiting France to fullfill our desires.
Maybe, I'm still scared of the feeling of lossing him, who was very precious to me.
All of the students were devided into 4 teams and they made some dishes by using wheat they've already milled.
The restaurant we choiced had cute waitresses wearing Japanese traditional clothes.
I am really anoyed by them...
They especially love Red Bull and Moster.
Library is open 24 hours and a few studets are basically living there.
Tommorow, We will have a welcoming party for a new employee.
I'm a fan of Hanshin Tigers, a professtional baseball team.
By the time it started, I had helpt her buy the alcohol because she was not [yet] 18 years old.
I have to work, so I will say goodby, and I expect to see you soon. Your brother, R
My apologies to those who work on Saturdays and those who don't work at all-apologies mixed with regret as the feeling that comes with the arrival of Fryday night is so exciting.
In order to add some value to this day I've attached some amazing illustratiuons by Alexander Jansson that might make you feel some of the beauty, delicacy, fragility and strenght of the world of his imagination.
I staied in China for two weeks.
I was told of the existance of lang-8 by my college senior.
These are my oponion on the advantage and disadvantage of eating out.
I serched new music on Youtube as soon as I got home.
I still don't know how to use this softwere much, but if I can use it efficiently, I'll be able to compose cool music.
My name is Lisa. I have been learning Englsh for eight years.
I like siwming.
The story was during our talking, he was talkingabout howhe had a big test coming up and how he was reallystressed out, becuse he had to read a lot of material both from the textbook and out of thetextbook.
Then, I asked him what he was studying for, and he told me he was in a TESOL program, so when I heard it I slipped something out of my mouth like ``what the, why does Tesol program need a hard test like that`` As soon as I saidthat, I regretted it, because it sounded like I was looking down at his course.
I got my resulte from the TOEIC.
My fevorite
I started unniversity study at an old age.
I'm a front-end web-webdeveloper.
I started 3 marionettes and even if they are in their beguinning stage, I am confident that they will look great.
Am I prepare to go foregin?
I wondered if the hot springs were made naturally because there were no voclanos there.
He said that he was Europian and traveling by himself.
I'm lookin foward to it.
I talked with my sister-in-law today. She said that she is going to Hawai this autum.
Actually, I feel the negative effect caused by the credit crunch which is expanding to tertialy industries day by day.
Anyway, my office is now based in a foreign contury.
In my office, there are borth local and Japanease staff.
I'm tring.
``I hope you sufferd just as me and my sister suffered because of you.
Intoroduce myself
I'll have three straight hilidays by tomorrow.
Typhoon is Comming
There was heavy rain early this morning, because of a Typoon is comming.
A Typoon brings a lot of rain and we'll feel more comfortable in the boiling hot summer.
It says ``This island doesn't welcome the minor typoon that cannot cause a day off.
As a result, the charge for erectiricity was higher than what I always pay.
Tommorow, my mother and grandmother will come to my house from my hometown.
I had the buffet at the wddding
This Monning I had to hurry.
Becuase I woke up late.
Plesas check my diary entry.
haha, and now I'm too lazy to move them to my bed, I'm sitting with them cusioning my back.
I visited switzeland last week for business.
Everywhere is butiful
, I met freiends, japanese woman anda German man in Zurich.
I recomend everyonevisit Switzerland for this time of year.
Then, I wrote a dialy.
So, I think about writing another dialy, and studying English.
Because I will go to the univercity next time.
I remenber many memories through the air.
I really like Natalie Portman; I think she `s very tallented and extraordinary, but I hope she won` t make that mistake again.
I was surprised by the very big buyout news after such a long time in VFX industry.
Even though he only met het once? he never forgot her.
Resently I watched Mr.
And a baddy from 'Spaiderman' appeared in it.
After lunch, I read a book called 'LOST SIMBOL' writen by Dan Brown.
So, only 15 people can attned the program.
Do you think elemntrary school students, junior high school students, and high school students can do whatever they want?
I should be careful about spending the time and mony.
And after that, I went to Mexico with a frend and her son.
There we had taccos and some beer, and we danced a bit.
I am staying in NY to stady English.
Usually, I shoul watch TV or do something else.
But I have no choise.
Anyway, this bad period will last untill Tuesday.
I realy yearned for them.
Kartepost. com's users can share thier experiences of disease.
Of Ofcouse it is very difficult issue, but I just can't support them.
I'd like to use ``Diffussion`` to make a sentence.
His new home is in Akitsu, and is 30 minuites from Ikebukuro by train.
so prease talk with me on Skype.
has tought me a to stay whole.
So I will study Engrish hard!
He was listenning to music while walking.
This carm me.
I hope one day I can design my oun house, and use these beautiful tiles.
We ate an ice crean and drank one cup of coffee then bought two cans of honey.
Living in my house is so boring that all I do here is palying games, watch TV, and study.
The erathquakes here are so annoying because sometimes we get the electric power cut off by our goverment.
It seems that for the same purpose, sometimes a sentence is put between brackets and, at others, betwees hyphens.
I can speak good stantard Chinese, but I always misunderstand the vendors in the market.
How I miss the days when I speak Cantonese and proudly take people speaking Manderin as outcomers!
I hope everyone who uses lnag-8 can help me correct my mistakes.
7-Eleven is a famous Japanese convinience store.
I can find the shopls near my house.
I was very surprized.
The derector the most famous director in Japan.
I thought, ``it's so easy,`` and wrote quikly.
My father played pachinco and I used the coins that he won.
I ate peyang sause yakisova.
After that, I had a English lesson on skipe for 30 minites.
When we want to express the cause of something, we say 'because', 'since', 'as' at the beggining of that sentence.
Yestarday I just got game soft.
His speech was excllent!
Actually I don't have paticuler plan everyday like meeting important people or anything like that but I am physically busy as hell.
Under the cercumstances,
Sometimes It's not even a long enoguh time to creat anew diary entry.
There is a student union eletion in my school today.
Since your entries are of great worth to two groups of Lang-8 users (people who study your naitive language and people who study the same language as you), you are recommended to tag keywords in 2 languages just as I did in this entry.
The maximum limit of tag number is 8 by each entry so you are supporsed to have up to 4 kinds of tags.
I wanted to call the hotline of the bank immediately, but I found out that there was little power left on my moblie phone.
I counldn't be hold on for five minutes.
I think it was a success and many pople were satisficed with the result.
The next goal is to advance to the best 8, so someone who can puerse the best 8 at the world cup.
Actually I wonder why no Japanese coaches were considerd as candidates in the first place.
We can rent ninnjya coustume to put on dalls.
There are many tree houses with difficult obstacles, a river, and a housen of gadgets.
We tried to overcome the challenge of several adventure playground guantlets that required us to climb up the house, across a river to pull a rope on the bord, and cross a ladder that led to the other side.
I recomend this place to anyone who wants to play a lot.
At night, I came here, Internet cafe to surf the Internet and wrote some lettle on a friend's article. He comes from Canada.
Also I am travelling to Jeju-island with my family this comming Apri for the first time.
We exchant gifts.
The game rule is that my department boss takes out a mumber first, if it's NO. 7, the NO. 7 gift blong to my boss.
luckly, I take a necklace that's a dolphin, very beatiful.
Although she passed away from canser, I believe she lived a normal life with no regrets.
She had had no children but she enjoyed her life with working, hobbise, and socializing.
I'm going to Geneva, Maienfeld, Milano, Venis and Rome.
(I'm sory the spel is wrong)
Enjoy ur week!
I gonna watch all of Hurry Potter films with PG tips tea insted of travel.
This thrsday night I will go to a Moroccan restaurant for the first time.
when I traveled to china (Cantonese) on chairtmas eve in the morning.
Although the plaza had a lot of Chairtmas decorations, it didn't feel like anyone was enjoying it.
(For china factry Chairtmas is not a regular vacation).
It was unbearably muggy and slutry today.
I'm not good at English or other langueges either..
Today we had a Bio-experiment class, and we viewed many kinds of plants under the microscope. It was funny, but drawing what I saw was not that interessting.
Completely forgotton
Wht do I need to have a Toeic score?
especialy speaking.
It is so terrable,
If I receive a good score, my school will give me a scolaship, and I can go to America for almost free.
but I won't stop eatting!
She not incomfortable to come because she have sick and I imagin she is really try on the wenesday because she must teach a lot of class today so I asked her not come and said 'take care of your healp'
Last time I stdied with her we are bost studie poor the head rises.
Please tell me good resourses that you recommend!:)
Express my love feelings without hegitating.
I'm a unversity student and also belong to English club.
For example, we try to have debates, speach, discussions, drama items and so on.
Its been a bit over 2 months in Japan since I left England at the biginnig of December.
I really like living in Japan coz foods r dericious here, compared to fish n chips, I miss the pub sooo much though.
As soon as I came back 2 Japan, I noticed that high-ball (wisky n cider with ice) was very popular among the young genelation.
I was wondering that almost all students drink only beer all the time, even wisky originated in England; such as jack daniels, old molt and so on.
It is a strange phenomenon that more Japanese youths consume British wisky than British adresents!
It has been rainning for three days and the temporature has fallen.
I major in sofeware in college now, so I have to learn how to talk about computer languages, such as JAVA, C# and C + +.
I will concentrate on every detail of learning sofeware. Maybe the next superman in this field will be me.
Last weekend, I watched an American deama called '' Heroes '' to learn English.
Luckly, I am not attrackted to bad guys at all like some of my friends.
But we might already forget that the natural music enriches our daily life and inspirits people to fufill their real music.
Though I can converse in English confortablly, there are some mistakes.
I feel I have confused my English a lot at the moment I write my journal entied wrong a lot.
I think maybe because I have read thai books and translat it in English.
We cannot afford to let immatrre students go astray academicly, mentally, or physically.
First and formost, in terms of cultivating students 'interpersonal skills, learning via computers or televisions can never manage to reach a comparable level. Unlike learning from a make-believe world, face-to-face interaction and communication is much more real, and in all likelyhood, students can effectively equip themselves with the ability to compete and collaborate with their peer counterparts. Thus, (traditional) schooling will definitely lay a sound foundation for their later social life.
And I firmly believed that learning using technology will never render scoool education redundant.
I listned to 3 groups's songs.
I am a university sutudent and (I am) 18 years old.
If I can meke friends here, I would be very glad.
I feel jealous becouse such kind of parade is in my town just for children.
The only good things were the sweets we ('ve) got after walikng and juice while walking.
Now it is changing and many organizations have to adimit the right to drink (something) while doing sports.
Today is a holiay called Shu-bun-Day in Japanese.
I have sleped for 13 hours, and now it's raining.
There is a pumpkin, a carrot, and beef in my refregirator.
But I am groggy-headded.
It's one of my fevourite movies.
As I worte it in my dairy before, we will hold an international exchange program in the summer in the NPO group that I belong to.
I recieved the wrong size item.
I purchaced shoes from Amazon.
com but I recieved the wrong size item.
I sent a claim to Amazon, here is my massege to them.
I have a pictuture of those deffirent sized shoes but it is the same size on the label which is 8D size.
I don't know what to do, I'm getting lazy because of the hot, humied weather.
It was very sweet and very delisious.
You'll see the historical town from the Edo-priod.
It is over 1000 sqaure meters on each floor.
I `ll go to Minsk in a mounth...)
I don't like to use roll paper in the tolet.
The Internet has truely changed our lives.
If you are intrested in that kind ofculture, I'm so glad.
If you want to recomend any books or movies, please introduce them to me!!
After this, I thought: Am I Otako?
I didn't wasnt to see everybody crying.
I think my great aunt is happy in heven ^-^
I did not aways want to watch it, but when someone switched on the television I had to wach it as well.
This is aways in Thai movies...
I attend a study meeting for examinations of patent attorneys every staurday.
If I don't remenber it and answer it exactly, I can't advance to the next question.
The tembler
We found ourselves unable to use water, electricity and gas and decided to seek selter with my grandparents.
At the moment of the tremor, I was downstairs alone in my house, sprawled underneeth a Japanese Kotatu.
As a matter of fact, it was said that a big earthquake would hit in our region, predicted by seizmologists.
I didn't think it would cause so many casualities.
Yet the tunami ruthlessly took many people's lives.
My house is not too close to the sea, so we are away from the calamity of the tunsmi.
I am scard.
Especialy to Canada!
I Get tored.
Reacently, I have been so busy.
But I often couln't understand what they were talking about.
And also that situation (thare are many foreigners) often makes me nervous.
Yosh!
Hope things will be better the day after tommorrow, as I will take a rest on Thursday!
But I have heard a centence.
When I look at that paper and the words on it. ``Today I received Yilin's $ 10000 and since then I will never threaten her.`` It made me sure that you loved me because when I did something wrong and hurt you, you didn't scold me but helpde me instead.
Then I don't need to expect you to stay with me everyday. I don't need to wait for your messages and phonecall calls. You also don't need to wait for me to graduate from university. You can get married to a woman and have a baby as other people your age do.
Hou can I?
It was mainly sponcered by major industries in this prefecture.
He welcame me at the pavillion door singing his favorite tunes there like an old friend.
We discussed what ths skier did.
I could discribe it.
Some pepleo say I need to get better at reading and writing.
I love these friends and my coarch.
However, she tells me that her collegues who work there longer than 5 years make quarrel these days.
Then she is caught in the middle and her motivation is beeing dameged.
Some people who are single have a chance to join a party, maybe in the pary he or she will makes new friends, and even find a ture love.
please tell me hou to say it in this case.
I went to the Druma fair this afternoon at Kakio in Kawasaki city.
I cannot belive it...
I believe that the most common reasons are to prepare for a carrer,
Carrer preparation is becoming more and more impotant for young people. For many, this is a primary reason to go to college.
I have cookies, chaclates, jellies, cakes, milk etc.
But there is a good Japanese restaurant at tha other side.
This is a cloudly day.
Youtube gives me some fun material for English lessons to devert me.
com is one of my favorites and is hillarious.
but to call food a souvenir I finda alittle awkward.
As (in?) the picturem, with a sunny day, a kangaroo jumping to an old woman and smiling.
As the old proverb goes ``Actions speak louder than words``. We should keep it in mind and take messure to follow it.
a brighter future is waiting for us if we make good use of our ways to protect the endager animals.
I'm always wonderling if my English is natural or...
I want you to help me improve my English writing abilty.
Today, I went to tukiji, Tokyo
Today, I went to Tukiji, Tokyo, with my wife and (my) mother.
We decided to have lunch in Tukiji.
Some people tell me that I should go traveling baecause it helps you to see the beauty of this world
I don't want to ingore them.
and while passing by beautiful grean scenery can be observed.
and we can enjoy lots of cherry blossam in spring.
So I decided to listen to a French radio program because they broadcast a program for beginners from April and its leves is exactly for me.
I don't know that clealy.
In my opinion, It's ture.
Nowadays, societics are fighting with time.
That's why most reporters consider a title is more attractive and agressive before they write articles.
There, I did Zigoku Meguri which is one of the good sightseeing rotes in Oita.
I can cook Japanese crusine, Chinese, and also Korean-style.
But I'm not really sure about French-style crusine, since they use a lot of harbs in their meals.
In Japan we tipically use harbs occasionally, but not as much as the French do.
Hi evereone!
I had a tea with particioants after the class.
I had a good time because we talked about a sysytem of studiying English.
Because I only conect with my friends in Sydney, my English ability is getting worse and worse.
I ate Tohu yesterday.
I wanted to eat a Tohu hamburger.
It wasn't delicias.
I watched The World Swimming Competetion in Italy on TV.
I'd never thought about the differnce and that reason for it.
It's immposibble to countune from butterfly to backstroke in the same lane in the team race.
So why do they start with butterffy in the 4x100m individual medley?
I guess to dive from the starting blocks is firster than starting with backstroke.
I was happy to soluve my weired feeling.
The valueble thing is the knowledege you get, and it can't be counted by the number at all.
I had a notebook which my parents gave me as a writing pactice book which allowed me learn characters by myself when they were at work.
It is beacause their brains are just like empty glasses.
But insead of being depressed, I decided to do what I can do now.
But, I hate rain, so today is a very unconfortable day.
Okada, a coarch of the team, was severely blamed by the supporters.
I am consedering to start learning English writing by taking courses.
I'm so happy I have a chance to commnicate with so many people who are from different countries! I want to know more and improve my English, don't hesitate, let's become friends now! If there are some mistakes, please correct them.
Remenber that ``Reality and imagination are not always the same``..
I am very heppy.
As soon as I arrived at my house, I went to bed immidiately.
She was my collefgue in my previous company.
I'm loving Monthy Python.
That is why in winter I go to sweam.
A ramdom thought about Loas
I have no real chances to communate with Native English speakers.
I disire a free conversation.
But, there are so many words I don't know that I alomost go mad.
She gives me councle like my real older sister:)
I am working for a food manufactering plant.
We decided to make a construction company repear them.
Accoording to the weather forecast, it'll rain tomorrow.
The plasce is in a complex.
yesterday I went to college but I didn't study because the university-level instructor didn't come to campus>_ <, whereas I came to campus early because I was affraid to be late.
I really couldn't belive that I was able to prepare chicken soup
another enry, another issue
I work hard to save deposit to enjoy myself in Itary.
Today I was given a ticket for a fitness club from a cowerker.
I have a pack of tofu, some green Chinese vegetables, mushurooms and leak.
I'm studying English, Chinese, and Aplying Linguistics.
I lived in California when I was. in kindergarden.
I almost forgot how to speak English, so maybe my English sentence grammers is wrong.
If you find a mistake in my diary, please corecct it x (
The club members watch flowers, birds, trees, shellfishes and a lot of neture.
I want to know the calculational procedure.
It was smooth untill the tube terminated due to signal problem.
I was stuck in the tube for 40 ninutes and had to abondon Picadilly line.
I also use skeype and facebook.
My porpose joining lang-8 is to improve my English skill.
My mother jast cried then.
I couldn't understand why she choiced that place, but I didn 't
Then, they link themselve to my ideas, and finally form a stream of narrative.
Today, the Gmail IMAP server complained of ``bandwidth limit exceedd.`` I cannot access Gmail via Thunderbird or iPhone.
I think I must listen to more Enlish.
I like to design, so when I heard about this contest I was very exriting.
My t-shirt has sunshine and sunflowerrs on it.
They are so profesional..
One said that many foreign countries were surprized by the fact that there rarely was plundering amid such a disaster.
She will import Japanese goods and sell them on the Internet, targetting& nbsp; primarily& nbsp; French people interested in Japan and Japanese people who miss their favorite local products.
I want to become a friend with those who are learnig Japanese.
Today's dinner was pasta and green salad with sesami dressing.
But I am no longer familar with it.
It's so difficalt.
To get to the nearest coast from my house, it takes within two hours by car, but if it's to the opposite one, it'll take more than six hours by bullit train and express bus, and moreover, I have to change the bus for a local bus!
For instance, like me, growing number of people are trying to learn English which will probably become a unversal language.
Chinse class
Its a natual phenomenon for humans to not be a mechanical creature and have a limitations of momory.
These jobs are making me compotable (?) and keeping the system stable.
Because I get sick easiry on the train or on the bus when I'm in bad condition.
And tommorow I will go to the bank to consult
My daughter has been absent from kindergarden since yesterday.
Since then I still heve needed more relaxing time
Thank God when I weighed yesterdy the weight was still the same.
Please conact me.
At the congrress, I had a lot of opportunies to talk to many professors and students who are keen on biomagnetism from around the world.
They are from Italy, Korea, India, German, France, UK, Netherlands, US, Sweeden and so forth.
In addition, I leared many English polite and job phrases.
lol Yeah, it was the most profitable part-time job among those I've ever done before, and I was really pleased to talk to various smart people who are kind of geeks haha because I couldn't understand thier study at all when I saw thier poster materials!
so I've just decided to write a jarnal
Of course I can help people who study Japanes here.
Irish Pab
I went to the Irish Pab with my friend.
I look foward to attending it everyday.
I can learn a lot of things about carreer in it.
I sthdied English 20 years ago. I have almost forgotten English.
The rhythm of it annd the rhymes of it were sooo funny, and I enjoyed listening to what the teacher read aloud.
It was implying how every indivisuals is important, and also big.
Its been a long time since I spoke english, because I'm studying japanese in Dalian, the most beatuiful city in northeast China.
There are many interesting things and delcious food in my homeland, especially hot food, pandas, and lots of good indie music.
I'm going to Karaoke with my frreinds tomorrow. I like singing songs because it relieves my stress.
I am a university studend in Japan.
I especially study A Chrisrmas Carol which was written by Charles Dickens.
I tell you that I know the sory of your family 'cause if I search for my ancestors I always find your family.
I have ancestors from the family of Chmura too but I don't know if my Chmura family is related to Wiktoria Chmura:) If I learn about it I think tha I will write to you.
Only then do I clearn up my desk.
I think that one of the most inportant skills these days is to throw stuff that you do not need away, not the skill to get stuff.
It's my first post in lang 8 so I just want to say hello and ask you how can I translate or say some text in a different way-becouse It's hard to understand it all.
Recently, I have been listening to English radio stations and reading English magzine everyday.
On Mondays and Thursdays, I use my lunch breaktime to attend the English class held by my company.
By the wayI, I would like to read English novels.
Wnet to Universal Studio Japan.
Dinner was a Chanese smorgasbord*.
She works as a secletary at a fashion magazine.
Such a pitty.
My favorit pastime is playing video games, surfing the net, and watching movies.
So, I think we should keep and preserve our old buildings because of our culture and histrical legacy.
Photo: Beautifully colored leaves at a mountan in autumn ^ ^
I think writing in English is still difficulity for me,
But finding a iob is not as easy as I thought.
To be honest, these days the anxiety of graduating from univercity makes me so nervous that I can't concentrate on studying, especially English.
However, whether I consider it or not, the possiblity of graduating will not change.
I told her: escuse me Ma 'am, did you find a bracelet on the grass?
She then stood up and gave me the tumbs up!
So, I'll have a part-time job tommorrow.
When I went to Tokyo on Decenber the 27th, I bought a new umbrella at last.
Since they have them in several colors, it was difficult to choose one.
After Waching myself with them in the milor, I chose a purple one.
and he was planing to ask for the teacher's Email adress if the techer was a beautiful cabin attendant.
The other day, I caught her documetary on Jounetsu Tairiku, a famous Japanese documentary program, and she said she started getting more jobs after cutting her hair short.
He has liveral spirit and is not strict.
Anyway, when I arrived at the park, all the other people had alreadly arrived.
I came back yeaterday.
Beacuse this was our lesson, we had to go back immediately after a rest.
I Deeviated from the main subject. (^ ^;;)
Going to school everyday duing my vacation is hard for me, but it also makes me feel proud (of myself).
Becase, the weather in Korea is very cold.
It was realy cold and snowy.
I bought a hair crip and a CD of NE-YO.
After I got home, I serched free TV show in English on the Internet.
It's a big dicision and a big challenge for me.
Now I'm worring about home-stay.
I've not cooked things requiring many steps like difficult Japanese cuisine, and I have only a few recipies to give to my friends:(
I have a long way to go from attending unversities overseas but I `m sure I will be studying very hard in order to be able to attend a university overseas.
It's difficult to forgive someone, especialy when they're a common object of hatred.
Libraly Part 2
I'm writing a continuation of my entry, from yesterday, about going to the city libraly.
I could only rent three CDs at one time from the libraly.
The soundtrack of ``Top gun``, Van Halen's album ``1984``, and Madonna's album ``True blue`` were included in CD's that I listend to.
I'm really looking forward to travering with my mom, b..
I wanted to reada somebook but my eyes were very tired.
I can remeber the time at which I fell asleep.
it is possible that such a thought gave me insommnia.
I will watch a mouvie with a love story starring Shak Reno and Juliette Binosh as I want to rest.
Cleaning in the hall, leading people to the front of the ceremony hall, managing the imformation desk, checking the money and calculating the total cost for our clients and so on.
I must observe my co-workers and folloing them.
I had trobled with my hair many times during high school.
Whenever I hear her scoling me, it is frustrating.
Their great beutiful nature and biodiversity are found as the reason of registration of the World Heritage site.
I was looking for a magagine which I wanted to get and then I was deeply engrossed in it for 20 minutes.
I've decided to become a Christian in the fulture, because I think following God will make my life more meaningful.
something very new (althought it's been on iternet for quite a while) always capture my heart.
* Sorry if my diary was inappropriate, in a way that I advatised Twitter too much, please feel free to delete it.
'All right,' Min interrupted Ji's discription, 'I said, Riska, can I have some chicken nuggets please?
And, an organization named ``PeaceBoat`` stole the support supplies in order to gain honor.
Chinase development speed is faster than Japanese one.
Next week, I will go there via Seoul in Koria!!
Unfortunately I fogot how to speak French because I didn't use the language in Japan.
Now I've got holydays after all my examinations and I want to write something)
Before it wasn't so fequently.
I hardly understood what my terchers said at my online English lesson.
I should listen and repeat vocubulary and phrases frequently to increase my listening skills in English.
This is my first dirary!
Today I'm very happy because the date when I go to Montana, one of the big states in Amercian, has been confirmed.
Misula is a beautiful city in Montana and I will be staying there for three months.
Does anyone know how to learn Enjlsh words easily?
I offten read too many broken English in chat messages.
And a number of players talk like kiddy (some players talk as if in a role-playing, but most players don't seem to be speaking ``proper`` English).
Last month, all the students in my university were given one thousnad Omani Rials (= 2600. 78 American dollars).
If you were in my position, what would you do? How would you spend such a hugh amount of money, at least to a student?
She is beutiful and interesting.
Im really like this song!
These days, I made up my mind to stop my emotions of liking girls who are my type, which means that from now, I'll never try to approch girls even though I like them or I want to be their boyfriend.
I'm afraid of American beautishan because of my English level, so I try to do it.
This is my fraverit song.
This group is really famust in Thailand, but this song has been known for a long time. I knew it when I was studying at university. Now I have finished already but when my friend and I want to sing we must sing this song frist.
In the previous movie, a young stockbroker did everything to get to the top, and a greedy investor, played by Muchelle Douglas, utilized his insider information.
This ancient palace is open to the public only twice a year in srping and autumn.
As you know, all department stores have beautiful bathrooms, most of them are Western style. (Many foreiginers are in trouble with Japanese style bath rooms)
River Fishing is wanderful
7 years ago, I lived in nothern Japan.
Today, I talked to my freind, Nick, who lives in Florida, USA through skype for a while.
Not suprizingly, he had alredy gotten a job he was willing to get as a financial analist.
According to him, his major is business and it could be recognixed as an accounting major, also.
So, if his clients come from sounth America, he won't have any difficulty communicating with them.
In other words, he will deal with any problems people usually might have due to the different lunguage.
I uploded some favorite pictures that I took.
I guess they are just hiding thier new technology to prepare the new iPhone or they were afraid that Samsung could sue them.
Timothy Cook, who is the new CEO of Apple, gave a presentated yesterday.
I'm going to take part in a marathon three months from now, so I should practice haed.
What happened is that some trekkers who was arranged by some travel agencies succomed to hypothermia.
Since Japanese novelist Fukada Kyuya published the book which introduced the the Japanese 100 cerebrated mountains, they thronge those high mountains.
As you know, trekking require many things such us knowledge about weather and map, how to use equipment, exprerience, and most importantly physical fitness.
Intrincically there are few trekkers in Japan and mountains are calm places.
Their foods are excellent and it has a cozy atomosphere.
Today I introduced Lng-8 to him.
I found it so bouring to stay at home doing nothing.
When preparing a dish, I have to make sure that all the seasonings/ ingredients are availible, when to put in which ingredient and how to control the heat.
michi ha. nureta imashita
morokko ni ha yottsu no kistetsu ou Shiki ga arimasu
ryoukou to hama ha hitsuyou desu.
My frined likes ``Judy and Mary`` (japanese pop singer) very much.
I think the auther of this book describes Bella's emotions and feelings very well, so that I could understand how she feels about vampires, school, family and friends.
It was heven ^-^
Today I coocked miso soup.
Freedum day!!
If you are interested in Japan, you should/ ought to know that Kyoto has a lot of culutural heritages.
Scince it may be the last chance of this season, I want to get even better progress of my skil.
(Other brands are, for exapmle, iPhone, Droid, and so on.)
In the Evning after returning home, I had dinner with my friend who came from Oregon in the US.
We spoke in English of caurse.
I think it was 34 dgree in Tokyo.
It was a hot day so I needed a handkerchief becase I'm very sensitive to heat.
Tonight, I drank a little alcohole with my co-worker near our office.
Now, I'd like to exercise in any cuse.
I was happy when I deared his voice.
Hatsune is a bar with a homy atmosphere.
He said, ``Why don't we play golf togther?``
Dialy for 1. 23. '11
I wolked at home today.
My son went to the comunity center.
He pomded steamed rice into cake with scouts at the comunity center.
I will arrive at Nagoya city which is a central Japan metropolice tomorrow early morning.
When the potatoes and onions are fried, mixt them with the eggs with a knife.
I cannot go home earlir than around 23: 00.
Everyday, I use Engilish when I write e-mails at work.
Being a flight attendant is kind of the synbol of intelligence and beauty for Japanese people.
According to my Singaporean frirends, in Singapore, a flight attendant is not a high standard job at all.
For Singaporeans, flight attendatns are just servants or something.
Is food coma the natual phrase for that feeling?
He is sensible to authority, then he doesn't let himself undercontrol by other.
My contemprorary life is very terrible.
Something important must have happened because there was a lot of yellow tape/ police tape around the office keeping passerbys-by away, and even some television interviewers were covering the incident with cameras.
I need to wory from Sunday to Saturday.
In cram school to teach math from Monday to Friday, as a promter girl on Saturday, and a telemarketer on Sunday.
3 hours later put some sugur in it.
Before yesterday all the Japaniese patients were in Western Japan, but today, at last, two patients were found in Tokyo, East Japan!
I think there are no means to prevent the expantion.
Today, I had carm school ^-^
And I went to the US two years ago to join in a Chinese matial arts tournament.
(Now I've quit to study langurage except Engllish)
Forrest Gump, Austine Powers...
So sorry that I counldn't visit this site enough...
If you have any questions about Korean culture or Korean grammer,
I had a girlfriend in the past but she dumpded me and I felt really bummed out.
Todau I was looking for a airplane ticket that is affrdable.
Actuarlly, I was supporsed to buy a one way ticket, which is more expensive than a round trip ticket and a 1 year open ticket.
The article said you have two altertive for a journey.
You could buy a dicount ticket then when you arrive at your distination you can thorow it away. But if the airline or travel company finds out you might have to pay a penalty fee.
So for that reson I checked many sources.
Of course, price is very important to me because I don't have a big bugget.
Ummm, Mybe I will buy a PEX (safe ticket).
Until now I wrote dialy at the office.
Now I can write dialy in English, on my PC.
On July 4, I will have my examinations, including business english translation, English writing, inergrated english and political theory.
I am worried about my poliical theory, because I have to review a whole thick book.
Special buses ran between the main grounds-CDH (where the 'Art-Moscow' fair were running that time too), the 'Vinsavod', the 'Art-Strelka', the privat museum ART4. ru and some other important galleries.
I will be working as ARASI's concert staff.
Then boil asparaguses for 1. 5 munites (The time depends on the thickness of them).
I was satisfied, bacause it was very sweet and delicious!
A large amout of companies like mine encouter such situations in Japan.
Therefore, I hope that this bad practice would disapper soon.
Something bad has happend to me!!
in bodyly and in mind!!!!
Feild Day
The moon eclipsed totaly for 100 minutes, however the whole process took more than 5 hours.
It was like in a horror movie, if there was an old gipsy lady, she would have said that was a bad omen:))
We were looking forward to having a pecial dinner at your restaurant.
We went to an Italian restaurant, ate dilicious foods, and talked a lot.
Recentry, I was surprised by the financial result of a certain company.
This weekend, I will play football. I'm looking forward to participating in the soccoer festival.
Recentry, I'm interested in diet, learnin English, internet, and shopping.
I saw a classical music concert perfomed by the Prague Radio Symphony Orchestra from Czech.
However, there were unexpectable disrupters in the music hall.
I totally could forget that I'm a busy person like a workerholic.
And I like ``Leon`` as well. That is one of the films when she was child acter.
I also joined an English devating club.
Im tired becaurse writing in English is very difficult for me...
Today there is a firewoks display.
But the wheather takes a turn for the worst.
Sometimes, foreign custimesrs come to KFC.
Finelly, should I say anything?
A REAL powered suit producted by HONDA
Honda has producted a walking robot named ASIMO.
but if you write about a special thing the public doesn't seem to know (for ixample, about IT or business or philosophy), it is necessary to explain each word and the speed of talking is decreased.
I was never pround of myself since I came in middle school.
Why do I have to learn them? Why can't people choose what lesson they want to learn? I love Engish lessons, then I could learn this for free.
I am thinking that I want to make a reservation for the ILETS test in March, but I haveI no confidence at all.
For example, I've heard it used like this, ``You focking asshole.`` or ``Fucking surely``.
If you are Japanse, I am not sure if you do.
I know you are hungrey.
As matter of fact, I didn't know there was a sandwich restraunt in Japan until recently.
At the restraunt, we can order anything.
What suprises me is that she insists on proceeding with the work even in the case of other's falling ill or when a familiy member is facing life or death problems.
One time, I asked for an instant leave to attend my grandmother's funeralin my hometown and I explained that the flight avaliable to me is due to leave soon.
And then, after several rounds of her ordering me to do whatever (things about work, I have forgtten) I was finally allowed a leave...
Another example, one guy gave an explanation for his absense at a so-called important meeting that his wife had a heart-attack that morning, and that he had to send her to hispital.
One day, my monther was going to have an operation and I was the only one who was able to accompany her then.
In searchig for information about overseas travel, I happened to find this site.
Bacause I often think ``I want to drink sweet coffee!``
When I was an elementary school student, I used computer in a lecture for the first time, and I've used it for about ten years, but I continue looking at the keybord.
wooo,, I wana take a chance to talk English.
But I will spend this time lonley.
What is the defference between ``I'm not sure`` and ``I don't know?``
complain: I complained to my teacher about the scole of the test.
hate: I hate insects, particularly cockeoach.
worry: You don't have to worry about your health, you're hearlth enough.
I think It necessary for me to hit the books cause I want to win scholarlship in our campus.
In amerca!!!
Furthermore, there are more and more reports about accidents caused by explosing cellphone batteries.
As for me,_ I can speak two dialects which are Wenzhou dialet and Hokkien dialet.
I applied to three consulting campany and underwent an interview yesterday.
The speaking examior is an old man...
Because a boy in the apartment made too much nosie that we all complained about....
A good point, I thoght.
TheNext step has just starte now!
Unfortunatly, my sister is not interested in kimonos.
We wnet to watch a movie first, and when we arrived there, I saw a handsome boy who wore some fashionable clothes and leaned on a big wall.
But, because of working overtimework, I missed it.
One is the intergration of writing and reading, which lasts three and a half hours.
Bridal Course studys about weddings.
I feeld vey comfortable.
she's alreday married.
hey my name is Icen and I'm new at lang-8, I want to speak good English, so plesed help me to learing English thanks...
I am a student learing ecnomics at Kyoto University.
Hope I will find Japanese learners and English and Chinese native friends sonn!!
I booked the ferry tickets to the island leaving at 9am on prebious day, so I left our home early so I did not miss it.
I asked how can I get there to strangers along the way, fruthermore I ran to the platform and the road, finally I reached the ferry station almost too late.
I went to driving school durling my summer holiday.
However, obtaining the lisence helped me to return to Minmikusatsu city.
Watever-he hurt me before with a lot of bad words, screamed at me, saying that I expected too much romance from him.
I y enjoy playing play the Frech horn with an amateur orchestra on weekends. My orchestra is having a concert in October, so
I couldn't stop staring the beauthiful phone,
I like reading books, surfing the Internet, listenning to music--both popular and classical.
By the way, in March I'm going to go to my high scholl to make a speech about my life at the university.
For a few years now, I have had dermatitis on my face, expecially my eyes.
The dermatitis on my face, expecially my eyes is conspicuous, so I'm really sad.
Today Giants won the game, but both teams showed us a splended match.
A lot of cerebritise go there.
I was born in Hokkaido, but staied there for only one month.
I like watching moveis, reading novels, traveling, and taking walks with my dog on my day off.
The Nikujyaga is made of beef, potatoes, carrots, onions, and konnyaku boiled and seasoned with soy sauce and sugger.
I have just found the repot.
furius at you and you can't find any excuses to ease their mind,
When I try to revice some articles written in traditional Chinese, I feel confused.
I, nonetheless, believe that the pros outweight the cons.
But, I don't know what I shoud do.
By the way, cherry blossoms in Tokyo haven `nt flowered yet because of cold weather.
Because I'll feel stuffy when I stay in such an enviroment.
Go to Univercity.
I went to (my/ the) univercity to sign up for classes with my friend today.
I said, ``What a beutifull view!``
It is kind of weired when I reviewed the blogs I wrote before.
If you are wondering where you should go on your next trip, I strongly recommand Tong-Yeong!
What is the meaning of religoin in our life?
but I couldn't find any difference beteen religious people and those who are not.
I think I'm a realist, both in material and spriture.
In fron of my office there is an indoor tennis school called T-1.
I can't enroll in such a university, but what about in the philippines?
I then watched 'Field of Dreams' and 'Remenber the Titans'.
Although it was raining unfortunately, thre was a line of people.
I have my own loch box already.
Figire skating
This morning my music box ramdom played the song called ``Paddy Fragrance`` (sung by Jay Chou).
It doesn't sound like most of Jay Chou's songs, which are usually depressing or sentimental, this song is relaxing, encouraing and positive.
Don't quit so soonly just like what I have said ``If it's too difficult for you to persue for this dream, you can think of changing for another which is much more suitable for you``
We are all looking foward to a bright future, while ignoring what we really want to be deep down inside our heart, and that's why we are always busy and successful but not happy.
Today I'm going to Edosima beach, but the weather is really bad.
Especially, I was so surprised that even some developing countries donated releif and condolence money.
I doidn't have any trainer who would teach me about losing weight.
I couldn't lose weiht very well as a result.
I'm in a relationship with a cute scottish girl so Italkto har in English mostly.
Letaly, she has been saying ``your English is girly`` andof offcaouse I don't wana speak girly English.
I have meny friends, but only one best friend.
She was bern in Georgia.
Anway I want to talk to people who speak fluent Egnlsih to improve my interpersonal skills.
Now, I only have one/ an exam (English test) that is one week away to go, so I think I'll have to study all day long in th libray.
However, my writing skill is low and I need more practice, so I decided to write a jounal on this website.
Of course I am interested in the latest model of mobile phones, cars, electornic devices and so on
If we do, it means a challenge to the monkey from the monley's point of view.
We colud buy some bananas, peanuts and apples to feed the monkeys.
My boss say that I shuld take the TOEIC exzam and score over 600 points.
SUMMER BACATION
I have a headace
I've been here for one and harf year.
Please give me advece and touch up my writing.
In regards to that, it's much easier to utilize comics as dramas than to creat novel ones.
I can speack Korean, japanse, and a little bit of English.
However, it is my bad habit to stare blankly when I am studying and oppsitely sometimes I have a hard time focusing.
Come to think of it, recentry I have been studying Chinese harder.
I would like to be able to be good at singging and I have practiced Eglish pronunciation.
(the clerk who helped me find a new job said that the company which I entried could not be decent.
In the books translators said it's indespensable that they have persistence and passion for their work.
thanks for your comment on my prebious jounal.
I want to compare the two of the great religions but there are many diferences between the two...
however after many years of trainning, he found it difficult to lose his worldly desires and he desided to leave his master.
Poeple used to send a present to their father in father's day.
Considering the dinstance between USA and Japn, I need to request to send my present now.
I angryed my sons too much.
I really enjoyed it. Of course, there are ohter non-clistians taking part in it.
Since my only hobby is English, it's sheer bliss to take those lessons complimentally.
I'm agog (?) to go there next Suturday.
So I practiced easier tricks so that I woudn't make any mistakes.
Oh my godness, what the fuck! Goddamn it, you asshole!
Probably today's interview was a failure as well as yeasterday's.
Japanese poeple don't do that like them.
The world is quite unfair; I should hit the creater of English lol.
I told the acommodation's staff about my job interview, but he encouraged me and said I could speak English very well, and he felt that I could get a job here.
I wish, she coluld keep her health and beauty forever.
I love you mom.
Roughly, their conclusin is based on two facts.
I believe as long as we are more careful we can freely enjoy all the convience with which cellphones bring.
The shrine was located on a moutain so the road was relatively deserted...
Espeacially in a rainy day.
Eu sou uma minina.
It seemed that a fight/ conflict between her hubsand and the rude man would occur. Translate
Do you remeber when was the last time a boy/ girl asked for your name?
I sometimes watch METAL GEAR SOLID 4 on yotube these days.
Yotube has many of METAL GEAR's movies.
I've watched about three-quaters of them by now.
So they must be difficult for foreiners to understand.
She graduated from a Japanese two-year college, and then, went to other two-years in Ingland.
So, she went to Stanford University, and got not only a master's degrere, but also a doctorate degree there! Moreover, she has two children, who go to university.
One of my purpose of studying abroad is to get the oppotunity to meet people, so I could realize that by meeting her.
The second piture is very fun and cute.
So, I started writing diaries in an atemmt to improve my English.
Astually, I went to an English school.
In addition to this problem, the reading comprehension part was very difficult and its form was not standard beacuse there should have been four passages instead of five.
soccor? Football?
The Japanese women's soccor team beat Sweden 3-1.
The American soccor team is also very strong.
So it was yammy.
A lot of peopl were absent from school.
Today, I ate curried food with a co-woker at lunch.
In the evening my older sister called and asked me to watch her niese while she had her hiar dyed in a beauty salon.
Sometimes my niese comes over to my house and I have to watch her for a while.
My niese wanted to say something in English and I let her talk with a turor on it.
After the lesson I tought her some basic vocaburaly like My name is ~ ~ ~ or I'm fine.
I was surprised how fast she mastered the phraises I tought.
And we also watched enursery rhymes on Youtube s togher.
I went to day care club with my doughter.
My dougther loves the rabbit slide.
I got an iPad2 the day before yesteaday.
Because Apple started to sell it the day before yesteaday, and I ran for the Apple Store.
Some people were hoeing and fertilizing and some people were wartering.
It is feneficial to my health. ``She said.
They're also investigating other compounds in dark chocolate that may offer other helth benefits.
After that, some of my seniors and I ate dinner at a restraunt in the station.
After a while, some of my friends also came online, so I chatted with them about what was going on in my life. We were chatting happly, but I lost track of time. When I felt hungry it was already 4: 00.
Today, I want to introduce you to the Japanese traditinal food ``Katsuo no tataki``.
This is a one of my most favirate foods.
I think that is the best harmny.
If you take careful notice, there will always be a bunch of pupils in most classes: they cannot get a decent score in academic study, and most of them take notice of this, and thus their minds wander outside the classroom during lessons and occasionally they make some noises that bother others. The teacher on the other hand, tends to be half-blind to this since his duty is to fulfill the hunger of gifted ones for knowlege. Also, if their names happen to be at the bottom of a student list aphebatically, they are called very seldom to answer the teacher's question and sometimes not once during an entire semester.
The problem is that I don't have a photocamera.
I have dad, mom, big sis, and a cuttie dog.
Moreover my birthday is Febrary 23rd
Not soon after, I changed my name to Echo, which is also the name of a famous writer in Taiwan. You must know her writen name is ``Sanmao``. I admire her life in Spain, the desert, the sea island, and, also, the romantance between her and her husband.
I will go to Austraria next month.
My boyfriend went to austraria to study.
I bought a gidebook about Korea.
Reacently I stopped writting diaries because I'm busy working.
That is a wierd title, isn't it?
It's the title of a japaness song.
The grand-daughter felt sorry/ regret because she wasn't a good grand-dauther.
It's obivious that situations where public phones are used are getting rarer and rarer.
The scene in my photo will be a memory in the far futher.
Yet my Enlish and Chinese is bad.
The next week they have a contest between themseves all over again.
The courses I teach are third grade level math and sciece.
Instead of crying about today's sour situations in Japan, I have to make more effort to be a winner and stand out among the numbers of canditates appliying for a position.
after that we went to Mt, TUKUBA
I was so tired and frastated before going driving.
The tast isn't bad.
because of thire existence.
These days, I reciteEnglish articles louldy right after I wake up.
If you wnat to know Korea, please contact me.
And I guess this seems to have made my uric acid leve become higher.
And now, I am in a dormitoty.
Tomoe made up her mind and forcefully appraoch them.
Today is my brithday, I am 20 years old now. Next year I'll be 21.
Actually, I have thought about getting an ear peiring for a long time.
the laidy used the marker to mark two dots on my ear, and then just used the piercing gun to poke two holes.
although it looks like very painflu, I just feel a little bit itchy.
thanks for alicia to acompany me to the piercing shop.
It's not a fun type of plan, but is more of a familiy-related compulsory type of thing.
It is very good and has many applocale and different fuction.
So if you want to share your thoughts or hobits, I can introduce you to our culture ~
Actually I don't know wheather he hasfault or not...
I don't know whather I should be sad or if I shouldn't care.
My husband was going to move to Hongkong on bussiness.
But now that is changing owing to this deppression.
My dougther didn't know which was the front part of her skirt, and showing me her skirt she asked me:
I was thinging of my stay in New Zealand over and over.
In 1803, Thomas Jefferson, the 3rd president of the US, purchased the great wild west fot about $ 15 million from France because it doubled America's land mass and would provide rich natural resouces as well as great farmland.
Jefferson sent Lewis and Clark to explose the newly bought land.
I thought, that those four years of lerning language in school would be enough but quickly I was persuaded that it's not so easy, indeed.
But as you can see, I wrire sentences as if I were a pupil...
Today's lesson was a privete lesson.
His lesson was fun and he is uniqe.
However she always buys delicious food and it might be expenssive.
Maybe it seems no big deal to most of you, but since I'm now studying in Japan, and the Japanese are so difficulte to understand, I must be extra careful of what I do.
It doesn't look very strange in Enlish, but I am really not sure about whether it sounds like a compliment in Japanese to the Japanese teacher, who I think really does do a good job.
Of course I think she knows some of the American peole are not kind, but I enjoied talking with her.
By the way I go to coollege now!!
and his... their,, theirs.. I forgot the grammer.. give me a hand... thanks
It's ``Cocoa campagne`` and ``Cheese and walnut`` bread.
The Cocoa campagne has chocolate chips and raisins.
My scool festival was held a few days ago.
socond, my homeroom class won first prize in the chorus contest!!
I'll never foget it:)
Some people think that the death penalty is the final way we can punish muders.
I talked about my resarch presentation in English for the first time.
So, I am higrly motivated to speak English more fluentrly.
I am going to go Bijing to present my study in English by the end of Nov.
I was especially impressed by a beautiful range of poplar trees which had freshy green leaves.
We conplained a lot.
Second, a dinner for our child contained a piece of metal, and the restaurant owner apologiozed to us, but no service.
We got an orange cake as thier apology.
Our friend calmed down, and my arkward position became better.
Osakan's ``Shaanai`` culture
C: The PIC from the manufacturer was very angly and complained
It is very inportant to me.
Too many people have lots of pressure in life becasue of capitalism, so should they relax and ``scream`` to themselves?!
When I arrived at the philippin airport, there were already 4 people from
In addtion, I already told you that my English suck ~
There is a bug inside my LCD moniter!
So I want to goto there.
Actually, I will go to Singapore when I go to univercity
The title of the book is ``how to walk in the warld``.
I reccomend that you also read the book. However, do not read everything; because if you know everything about the trip, the travel will not be interesting for you.
Anyway, Washington will be rainly or snowy.....
Today, I am going to watch an america movie to study English.
The genre that I want is either 'melo' or 'comedy'.
Could you recommand a movie for me?
Of course though I have so meny good pen-pals of the others around
Sometimes my work is very difficult for me to hundle smoothly.
The work will be esier than that in my mind.
So let's start to study English grammer this summer!!!
I wii try because this website is very good idea about leaening a languge. ^ ^
I ate kimchi stew and korea pizza ~
Ryouan-ji (Ryouan temle), which is famous for its simple
That's becuase she went to the U. S. to study.
sometimes I couldn't gdo anything because of my memories with her, but cry and cry.
But I worry about my Emglish skills...
Oh my god this my frist post and I'm very, very nervous about what other people will say because I don't write 100% correct English but I'm trying to do my best.
My favorite seoson is spring.
Tommorow, I am going alone to my university to borrow a book.
spain bar
I've just found this lang-8 today and resistered right now.
My wife resigned from her job is vey tired. New sentence She couldn't bear it anymore. New sentence Plus she also missed our son. The salary is not given out until May 5th. But, today she is supposed to wash all clothes, sheets and so on.
Actually I was warryed about this mistake.
So when I learned it was not by me, I was relieved, at the same time, I thougt I should be carefly not to do that. meaning unclear
you'll hav a nice trip in your vacation.
So I have to help her study in the morment.
I really hope she'll be able to do everything, not only studing but also looking after herself.
I have been studying 8 hours a day on average for two months in an effort to get a high socore.
But learning English is what I really like to do, just becaues I have to master it in order to pass the exam makes me feel tierd.
Passing the exam does not neassarily mean everything to me, I just want to express myself freely and openly without worrying about whether my English is good eough.
So, please be critical to my articals, I really need your help to write it coherently and logically.
But writtng my diary in English is as difficult for me as ever today.
I can speak and write English at the Japanese junior high scool student level, meaning just basic English.
However, I'd like to be able to read and to listen to English like that of a high achool student.
But as I'm in an international department, many people (many of whom are from overseas countires) invited their families.
What do you think abaut studying foreign language?
Sadly, I think taht we have poor minds nevertheless we live in Japan.
Please correct these sentenses
Yeaterday I had nothing to write, so I didn't write my journal.
I decided to buy a better one to forget about losting my old one.
Second, your Japanese is very exellent.
I reccomend this movie!
Have a nice day, and BE CAREFUL OF SPAMER!!
I realy want to learn English so I can search on the internet as I want,
They gave me some addvices and. confidence.
Today, I would like to make some sentense using new words.
Talking with forign people is very fun!
I was woken up by the rain this moring.
Today I'll tell yu about my many hobbies and in return I also want you to share your hobbies with me.
To finde the best friend very difficult.
A lot of people don `t have friends, amd me to.
I played tennis yesterday, becouse game day is coming.
So the government of Iwate prefecture built huge embankments along the coast to protect citizens from taidalwaves.
Even many foreign reachers came to this town to inspect the wall.
A man in this town told a reporter on TV that ``Even if taidal wave is coming, I would not mind it at all, because we have the great wall.``
But the taidalwave which wiped this town out on the 11th of March was more than 20 meters high.
The good part of living here is you can easily mingle with different etchnic groups and learn their languages and cultures.
Today I had many drinks: Japanese tea, iced coffee, Yogurt joice and Mango juice.
Somthing about Halloween
Chrildren like to play pranks.
Then the chrildren get some candy from them.
Please guide me in improving my English, especially in grammartical errors.
I miss him very offen.
This mornig, I went to the store again.
OK, maybe I should not push meself to keep a diary everyday.
And I'm working on a relief operetion tomorrow...
This moring the LED monitor for my mobile computer was broken.
In other words, It had become a garbedge.
One of my friends said ``If I meet a man who is a gynecologists, I will marry him!`` This is a joke but it means the 'Menstrual Cycle' is really a big pain for girls.
She seem to have heard the plice, but she didn't hear it at all.
A beaurocratic office such as NYDMV often fails to be prompt.
I'm really looking forawrd to it.
It's accouonting.
This dog is femal and she is so smart that when I took her outside and wanted to teach her to uriate and fecal outdoors, she did it without any words.
Because there are many blak spots on her tongue, we named her ``Spot``.
I've bothe read all of the Harry Potter books and watched all of the Harry Potter movies.
I think that raal beautiful women are beautiful no matter what hair they have.
My writting
There are many things affecting the world like air pollution, climate change, enviroment degradation, depletion of the ozone layer, destruction of the rain forests...
It's been a long time, everyone:) I couldn't write a dialy for the past week.
18 In my childhood, My mother used to read me faily talls.
20 Memory gets weak as peopel gets old.
3: USB-network comverter
It was a hole in the wall, very reasonble.
Tenpura is a kind of fried, dip fish or vegitables in flour mixed with water, which is then fried.
alcohoals sold there so I had a can of beer before entering the gate.
And I have never kown how respectable a job it is to be a teacher.
In Japan the driver's seat is oppisite to Taiwan.
Transformers) don't exist on this billdoard.
Beause global warming is becoming more and more serious in the past few years, the temperature has risen day by day.
It was my first time to go to Narita temple to see autimn leaves.
Monday morninng
I went to the gim and ran for 30 minutes and took a sauna.
The Joggig Game
Bery fast!!
Although I'm getting better to lisning English, not to speaking English.
It is intersting for me because I think it looks like Japanese!
I hve two reports about Europe and ballad to do.
It was unbiliebable, but I soon became accustomed to it.
To Master Natual Expression
I like to eat in tha park.
Today I am going to participate in a celebtations at my friend's house.
It's a fasionable and exciting drama!!
The iPhone allows me to doplay games everywhere.
it happend..
I will naver give up..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So I coludn't take the 1st lesson.
Today, we sang ``New Devide`` by Linkin Park together.
I met with a friend who is living and working in Vancouber today.
My frind's lang-8 diary: URL
I am interested in life in foreigh countries.
So, I often want to eat some snacks like chocorates and potato chips.
I had checks for breast and uterus canser today.
It is said that breast canser and uterus canser have a relationship with those who are young ladies still under 30 year old.
Furthemore, recently a famous actress in Japan passed away because of breast canser.
The formal diagnosis will come out in two or three weeks, but my doctor said me that it has doesn't matter because they checked my breasts and uterus from the palpation and through the observaion of them.
near the Pasific Ocean.
Why was I interst in America?
Speaking in Eglish is really hard for me nowadays.
I think it would better for me to study at the library insted of hanging out with my friends this week.
I Can't Belive It
Recentry I feel the spring season in Hokkaido.
Because the temperture has been over 0 degree all day.
I'm looking foward to watching cherry blossom's fllwer.
I went to my office by bcycle today.
I went to my office by moped everyday, so it's good for me to change to bcycle I thought.
They say that I am smiley and have a soft atomosphere like a sheep.
The movie had many grand sceanes, on the way, space and dinosaurs appeared!
It had many beautiful sceanes around 2/ 3.
I remenber 100 words in English!!
A boy was riding his bycycle while using a cellphone.
Luckily, a scarecrows contest the thema of which was ``dream`` was held there, so there were more than 30 rare scarecrows in the beautiful countryside.
I'd like to go there again, because the thema of the contest changes every year.
I wanna take a nup too.
Since it is not a long distance from my college to Beijing which is the capital, I jioned the travel agency to go on a journey. on my own
So. I feel a little dispointment to some degree
What makes me embarrassed was that the other travellers are almost lovers or companied, I am the only one. on my own
In spite of it being the end of June, the weather in London was rubbish resently.
And also I felt like I'd come to a diffent country, like a resort:) haha
It will be nice weather tommorrow as well, so I'm gonna go to a swimming pool with my host sister.
By the way, it's difficult for me to figure out the differnce when I use the same verb but with different prepsition.
After dropping off my children in ther morning, I walked for 1 hour in the Al Barsha Park.
There is little difference between firt and now.
In this leter a man tells his children (about) how he and their mother (his wife) have spent their lives, and how their mother died.
My favorite sentense is '' Death overwhelmed everything, and this saved everything. ''
I like my job, because every day I have the oportunity to help people. I work in medical insurance.
I work with free medical insurance. If a person's income is low, they can qualificate for free insurance.
It includes medical prescrptions, dental, vision and emergency room visits.
Some people who came from countries which had been inroaded by Japan 60 years ago hate Japanese culture.
The decision is themselfs.
I didn't see many people, but I saw a few people taking thier dog for a walk.
It occured to me that even if people live in different countries, people learn the same inportant things.
Because I got my wisdome tooth extracted, I have been having only soup and jelly since the day before yesterday.
It is liquid, and conteins the nessesary nutrition.
I-bought-2-potatoes and a frozen-pizza-for-lunch-at-the-grociary-store-near-my-house
And-then-I-will-clean-my-room-and-press-my-thirts
I bought some premiums for my weddding party which are a machine for making fried octopus snacks and a small Christmas tree.
I feel a littele pain, but I think I'm recovering now.
Use specific reasons and examples to support your chice. (sp) (within 30 minutes, more than 300 words)
A Private room is one of the places where I can relax and be refreshed from the excertion from the day's work.
You can earily find some pictures and vidioes and use them as references for your homework.
Throught that site, you paid for a dictionary.
Nowadays, the electronic industry is becoming popurlar, so fraud like this might happen even more.
But people mostly use the computer for more than one hour and as for children, they can't refuse the temtation.
Besides these, there are lots of other disadvantages such as illegal downloading and becomming violent.
I was wondering about what was different between understandable Korean and disunderstandable Korean.
Tommorow I will fill it up.)
and I will write about those results tommorow.
I feel a lttile idle ~ ``~
A few minuits ago, I ate dinner with my perrent.
It was a good excesise listening to English and I enjoyed watching her actting.
Because of the 6. 3-magnitude earthquake in New Zealand, A Christian church and a five-story office buildig collapsed in the early afternoon on Tuesday.
At least 113 bodies of people who haven't yet been indentified were found and approximately 228 people are still missing or are dead.
In a modern five-fllor office building, There was an Englih-Language school where many people took classes.
Due to the huge dsaster in New Zealand, hundreds of emergency workers from all around the world have helped people looking for survivors from the wreckage in two buildings.
Larry: what do you make emtionally as a black man about the Obama-Clinton race?
To me I feel like they both are great kenedies because they both have strong situations and supporters.
Larry: Gangsta, don't you emotionally though, have some tie to Burrack Obama?
I just wanna see somebody win that in the best entrous of America whether be him or black man whether it be Hilary, a woman, either one to me is..
I think America is ready for a black president by him winning you know how he's winning so far, even competing to be in the talks right now. I remember in the past, we had presidential candidates like Jessy Jackson. It was a gimic, it was like a joke, because nobody believed Jesse could win.
You know ``Win Jessy Win``, but we really didn't think he could win.
he's in line with the right senario to win. and you know whether he wins or loses I feel like he made a great step for black America by even stepping to the table and pulling off something like this.
I don't know exackty what they said, but what I can sum up is this.
Larry asked about Snoop Dogg's political idea, especially Obama, the democretic candidate and he answered that he wasn't involved and democretic party except the ``gangsta`` party but appoved Obama because it could be great step in American history. Yes!!!
As I look through the list, what I thought was that many students wrote they want to be a doctor or some wrote they want to be an astronomer or scientist or mathmatician.
So, I'll be tring to write a diary for the next few days or so.
I'm very happey to find this kind of homepage,
I prefer to spend money on enjoyable things that make my daughter feel really happy like amusement parks, swimming pools, and zoos and wouldn't rather spend money on buying many souveniors, staying at an expensive hotel, or drinking too much.
During OBON people go back to their parents 'houses, juset like Christmas in US.
What's worse is that we had an earthquaqe the day before yesterday, so there were even more cars
He is my church firend.
Today two of my friends left our company, they are defferent, one is optimistic, another is pessimistic.
After I master English and get (OR acquire) PR status in Singapoer........
I'm shoock:(
I should have interupted the requesters and told themnot to expect me to close it within 3 hoursas he hadwanted but I didn't, and tried to close it asap.
learning Englsih by myself over two years.
I am writing for beginning the day because is very dificult for me.
Stady!!
I'll stady English little by little...
I like reading, listening to music, watching tv and movies, taking walks, riding on my bycycle, singing, writing in my diary, and playing with my dogs.
A few days ago, I had the great privilede of a person contacting me via this web site, which reminded me about it.
She has destroied a lot of things.
But I know, even though/ if Toro chewed up every single my favrite shoes I still love her very much.
But my English is always ackward:(
I wanted to apply for a lang-8 blog before I came to brisbane, but I didnn't know why I could not!!!!
what do you guys ususally do at Christmas?
My MD-playr broke.* 'was broken' suggests it is now fixed.
This is why my wife is so angree with him.
I pre-orderd a concert tiket for a front seat.
This ticket is really expensive but I'd like to see the airtists from the front seat as much as possible.
I scraped my knee, but I did not get a seriouse scar.
One is Spanish, the other is Philippina.
People created a tower to cooperat.
Becouse they had been speaking diffrent languages.
Hannukah? and....
By the way, today I went to the airport and met my friend. It was so funny! When we arrived, we took a lot of funny photos! When my firend who is gonna leave arrived, we took some hidden videos of her.
There are so many menories in Toronto for her!! My friend gave her a gift... it is a letter and thirty five one cent coins because it is my friend's age, and her name is Penny.
because I need good sleep, and have to lelex.
I konw...
Maybe the best way to learn English, is to have a foreign boyfriend or have a foreing friend
So he has to watch the baseball game with a stupid guy instead of the girl of his dreams lol Hoow poor he is ~) Surprisingly I finished all of my homework ~ My friend said ``You should deal with stupid homework with stupid ways.
My home is under a mountaian.
In Krean history, it was used to send an urgent message with smoke on the Mt.
I decided to resistrate at a local gym, but I changed my mind.
I'll go to the mountain regulariy every moring!
But when I took a picture of them, it was reall nice when I looked at my camera screen.
It's not one pach but one box.
I mashed some strawberrys with the back of a spoon, put suger in and ate it last week.
Afterwards, I put suger and milk in and then ate and ate.
My fovorite singers are Alex of The Calling and Avril Lavigne.
Tonight I heard criket chirping. It was much louder than usual.
The criket stopped chirping when I went outside to find it.
Tonight I have a criket to sing me a lullaby as I go to sleep.
It took a long time to finish Assasing's Creed 2.
I stay alone at my dormitray, evern though most of my friends have gone home.
It's puring outside which makes me not want to hang out.
I tell them that it doesn't make any difference whehter I'm at school or at home.
Untill I'm tired of anwser the same question.
Microsoft Excell..
Aside from these basical functions, we can use Excel Macro Function to automate repetitive tasks.
So, it helps me practice listening to Engllish.
Please check it oout if you can.
He was the mucical director of ``Pirates of the Caribbean``, ``The Da Vinci Code``& etc.
I'm a Brazilian, I've studing English for 3 years, and I just noticed that my English is not as good as I thought.
Tnks for everything.
Today I finished the prepararation for the trip.
actualy I was such a stupid person, but my friends helped me understand that.
Because I looked foward to meet my girlfriend.
The climate is very nice, and evey season is warm, even winter.
Every moring, I'm hard to get out of bed.
I just want to trevel
The function of the liver of mammals seems to be deteriorated in spring bacause of thier hibernation.
Whether we'll have lover or not in the future, we still support and encourge each other.
Now I'm studying English dilligently to make my dream come true.
We have to keep that a secret from my husband because he won't like the idea bringking people around when he's away.
Household chores took me about five or six hours and I spent another six hours visitting my parents.
Every morning, I offen play sports such as football, volleyball or swimming.
I would choose this house, but it has a few probiem.
Please watch this muvie so that we can continue this talk.
I reiceived a message about the English examnation.
I need to preview the konwledge I learned.
This exam accounts for 50 persent of result.
One group is from the Kanto area, my older brother, my wife and I, and the other group is from the Tokai area, my mother, my younger brother, granma and granpa.
We had planned to meet at the hotel at 3 o 'clock, but my littel brother had to go to a job on Saturday, so the second group arrived at 7 o' clock.
We had a dinner sonn after they arrived, and had a chat after (the) dinner.
There is all-too-comon topic, the work place of brain is different when human understand each language.
And, bilingal usually say, you should reject Japanese when you study English.
So, if you meet incomprehensible word, you should search in English-English dictionaly.
But, I can't write and speak English without Japanese-English dictionaly.
In addition, that translated English is not often generaly for ``native`` speakers.
To study foregin language is hard.
They provodes a study room, where we can freely study using the books we borrowed.
Seoul is my lovery place.
It was a very confortable room, gym area and spa.
After I came back home to Seoul from Daejeon, where I had gone to visit my family during the holiday (Seolnal, or lunar New Year's Day, which is one of the biggest holiday in Korea), I found out that I had received an e-mail message from the editorial committe of a Korean philosophical journal, notifying me that they decided to publish the paper I had submitted in their journal.
This is the second time I've had a paper published in one of the mojor philosophical journals in Korea.
I wil be thinking of them.
He has had a high feaver and has been coughing.
I don't know why, but it was probably because of my old PC and its browzer.
There were maney confusing things I thought I knew.
I live in Russia and I want to learn Englisn.
I've had bad luck these days! A massive headache, sore throat, crowded street, poor air quality, buses which never come, intense classes, and I have an important meeting toninght...
I dontn't know very much.....
I've been whitening and wanted to a whitening gel because my teeth is geeting dark.
ahh and I can speak Japanese so I can teach itt. Anyway if you are interested in chatting and coicechatting on skype send me message or leave a commenttttt. See you (later) good night oyasumi bye byematane jaane bai bai ~
I have improved my English by writing a little, however, to speakk to a foreigner in English is still hard for me.
Then I get more and more nervous, and I reply with bad pronouciations.
In the villages, the farmers are very poor. They need clean water and lvestocks.
But if some fctories just emit dirty water, it can't be good for people's health.
My coutry needs to take more care of people's lives, not only the good things.
Of course, if you who always tweet in English, follow me; I will be more than willing to refollow you also.:)
rumur has it that the first year is the most comfortable one of the whole college life, but somehow, I think that I was lied to.
But the dentist uses esthesia before the dental treatment.
They have beautful voices and emotional lyrics.
I'm so excited, even though I hear it will be rainning heavily.
My favorite writter is Tolstoy.
I have a strange havit to go to the Odawara castle every day.
I take the first or second Tokaido train at Hratsuka.
I study English and check my planner for today's scadule.
Recentry other person take a place of our president,
so his comment didn't realaized.
They arenn't differentfrom Chinese politics that much.
I've never been a shopahoric before.
All students were very skillful.
I think the accident in the first harf was the misjudgment of the century.
I have to learn English, becouse I will become bisinessman this April.
Today, my breakfast was an egg over rice, miso soop, dried prum, nattou, and honey in milk.
I thought that they're very hellthy foods!
Transletion sites are untrustworthy...
No progless today.
After the famous people die, it affects ordinary people who get the implusing to commit suicide in groups and series.
And as that happens, the social anxiety increses yet again.
Strangely, she got a reply from a mistery person.)
She started a correspondence with this mistery person.
At last, she found out who the mistery person was.
The mistery person who sent the reply was a different person with the same name as her lover.
The mistery person started to let her (the actress) hear what happened between the two differnce people of the same name, by mailing her a request.
The problem is that the mitery women has the same features as the actress/ movie star.
My teacher Yoko is very sterm.
I speak a smetering of English.
Immidiately I regretted it because they were not good words.
Fotunately he knew that I didn't try to mean what I said.
and we became freindship.
We will meet again at ather festival.
have a quiky rhythm and the video is very colorful.
I met a friend with a beautful girl at the theator.
Some time later he admitted that he has feelings for her and is so happy that he could not get her out of his mind and could not forcus on working.
I guided a visitor around Shinjyuku today, who came from US to teach English at highschool.
I have been aborad for 9 months, but I can't notice any improvement.
I am a freshman at hunan international economics university, majoying in basic English. Since I am instereted in languages, I am learning nihongo at the same time by myself, though I actually know little about it.
My friends told me that I am a happy boy with sun-shining smile. I hople I can infect you with my words and the emotion behind it. Then we can be friends.
It's located in Kyusyu.
Today's weather is clody and rainy.
I have to chage.
I want to chage my life, really.
I will have an important examination, next week. I feel a little bit nervious and fantastically excited.
It's my falt.
I'd like to glumble to my mother about that.
``You can do it on upstaire!``
It has great ryrics and a great melody, don't you think so?
We peopel are easily influenced by the weather.
I hope everybody will have a good and clean oneday, just like today `s air and spring leaves!
The Bible I am lookig for is an Audiobook.
I shoud study harder.
It is irratating me because you have to change to vibrate mode (it is a mode which doesn't make any sound when your cellphone is receives a call) in Japan.
My rabit has got sick
By then my English skill wil be better, so I will be able to talk with you more.
English level and is helful to your English study.
Having drunk a cotail at dinner, I am still feleling very sick...
Im am going to go very soon.
His burthday was last month.
My specialite is forest mensuration and planning.
I like listeng to classical music, pop, rock and Japanese pop music.
Therefore, I don't like the wheather.
I hope the dead can go to the pqradise, and the survivors will live a happy life.
The most imfortant thing when I buy a bag
The most imfortant thing when I buy a bag is the color.
I went to the karaoke bar yesterday with a junior menber
I knowthat it may sound imprudent, but I'm dying to watch the real erution some day!
Yestarday I attended a series of lectures on the English language.
The lecturer asked the audience to discuss the governemt's new policy that English classes should be taken by English people (teachers?) only.
He arranged us into some small groups, so I talked to two peole who are English teachers.
I heard that in Finland there are no textbooks, so I was so curious as to why they can be sucessfull without textbooks.
In my class, my students are obviously bored and I also cannot enjoy it, Especally, when the stories in the textbook are plain. ``It's better to not to have textbooks, isn't it?
One teacher believed that teachers should correct student's pronounciations strictly, while I had not being corrected sincerely when my pronunciations were bad.
She claims that a scientific study shows that people over the age of 10 cannot pronouce English correctly, but I don't think she had spoken English before she was 10 years old.
Also, my most frightening experiences derive not from pronounciation errors
Every mornig It's hard for me to get out of bed.
I always feel sicky after I drink beer
But I don't feel sicky when I drink wines.
Tomarrow I will have class again as usual.
I told my Enlgish teacher about it, then I said ``Oh, the reason why they broke up is he's gay!`` and then I asked our classmates what they would do, if their boyfriend wanted to break up with them to date another man.
I siad it would be a nightmare, and a disaster!
But my firend said ``Oh, in my case, it's so much better than him meeting another girl!`` We laughted a lot bacause of her answer.
But he still needs some rest, and has been linning in bed for a long time.
I'm swimming with my frind.
They're famer.
curently they prepering for planting rice.
I start in the afternoon, so I'm planing to go to the library in the mornig to read a book!
It's the story of a famous Japanese burgler's struggle for his friend and master during the war.
I am worring about the enormous typoon which will come soon.
My boyfriend's sister works at a theater, and she said that she had seen this play and she didn't like it, beacaus it was really weird as a play.
The second one was ``Vearoica Wants to Die``.
Unfortunately it was a litle hard so I stopped it after a few pages, because I didn't understend it enough and I read it very slowly.
My austlian friend can speak English very well.
And my classmates can speak English, because some come from the USA, others can speak it as a secound language.
Fotunately, I could come back home smoothly, but a lot of trees in the yard went down from strong winds.
In Taiwain, I've never tried Mexican cuisine.
The price in the reataurant is fivefold more expensive than general Taiwanese diners.
I like travling, so I want to learn different languages.
Aslo, I would be glad to help people who are interested in learning Chinese.
When I eake up, I forget everything.
Chan taan ahaan tian took-wan, proowaa tii Ginza, ahaan pang kha.
I will start going to school in Ginza for studing Chinese.
I wish I can speak Chinese with the customer after studing Chinese for 3 months.
waight training, not yoga.
I took TOEIC exam today.
I'm just scard of firends.
I have about 300-500 people in my friends lits.
If I think you are my firend, I will put my trust in you.
But a lot of my firends, they always like to ``betray`` me.
About 5 firends owe me money, so they don't try to find me and I can't find them!
I played too much, so I became tired and slept early at las night.
I am besy everyday
I hope to make friend with everyone in here. Especially japanese people because japan is my favorite country.
Yesterday, I felt sicky because I got drunk.
Tomorrow is Nossa Senhora Aparecida holyday and Children's Day.
Today is the second day of the beginning of the New Year. The weather is fine and the teempture is very warm. What a fine day! According to Chinese custom, people will get together in the morning to greet each other.
I have an image of people from every country. For example, Americans are active and emotional and Chinese speak hurriedy and are a little selfish.
I'm waching the second season now.
At first I thought I didn't want to live in this coutry for a long time because it was hotter than I had expected and I really missed my friends in Japan.
one is Korean immegration in of Japan, and the other is Japanease 'Kamikaze' special pirots in the war.
of course I know this activity by the Japanease army but I didn't watch the real screan images until today.
its a Japanease black history, so we must not do for the outbreak of war and Kamikaze.
in those day, I think people believed that we must be alive and die for our Japanease emperor from the education.
I think that they were brane washed by the goverment then.
The influences you get from other people make you who you are. If you sometimes listen to urself, you will find that you talk as someone else would depending on the situation.
There are meny people who actually are not themselves, insted they are a mix of a lot of other people.
Granada was an important city during the 800-year-long Maslims occpation of
Isram seems to have been comparatively generous to another ethnic group.
I spent New Year's Day on very spontanious trip to the mountains with my school mates and their friends.
It was very nice to meet some awesome new people. We went to Murzasichle, a small tawn near Zakopane, a few days before the New Year to take some walks and to try some winter sports.:) We climbed some hills and walked along the streets of Zakopane and in the snowy forsest to admire the beautiful views around us.
In China, when u are 18 yers old, then u can learn to drive a car, but last month, I went to New Zealand, and I know people can learn to drive when they are 16 years old, but my visa is a student visa. I don't know, can I learn to drive now?
Also don't know I have allreday corrected other people's diaries, but my ``corrections made`` number is zero.....
I learn that the Chinese do not like going duch.
Rearly?
Now I can pay for college to help my fhader and mother!
Suddenly, I realized that I will be a college student at taht moment and I would start a new stage in my life.
I don't need to seperate trash here.
There are no desinated trash bags either.
In Japanese society, low calory beers are popular now.
My favorite the low calory beer is ``Asahi off``.
The most two popular languages here are English and Japanese, withoug a doubt.
I'm not complaing, because the ability of speaking Chinese would remain a privilege in some ways, haha.
So, people who are learning Tradition Chinese don't give up and also others, who are learinig other languages, don't stop!
I haven't baught a present yet-
Only neighborhood walk through there.
I went to libraly after the test.
I'll go to Okinawa this comming Sunday with my school friends.
so I'm styding English hard.
In Central Asia, deserts such as the Karakum andthe Kyzyl kum exsist.
This is one of the geographical dimensions differnt from Japan.
Also, in Japan there are several sandy areas, which are called ``sand hills,`` but the size is much narrower comared to those deserts.
So, I made pre-preccoked Japanese noodles.
It's a very popure brand of noodles in Japan.
I watched a video by chace yesterday, and it got me thinking about many things.
Watching this, I thouhgt that I had only explored a little bit of myself as long as I have been living
I learend a lesson that exploring myself is important.
It is aroud 40 minnutes past 12 (?).
I also want to learn some sentences that native speakers usually ues in daily life.
I hope you guys can be my teachers and hlep me.
I couldnn't use my computer because my stable went bankrupt.
At first, I couldnn't understand what happend to me.
Needless to say, I was confused, but I tried to think: ``This is a big chnace. I can change my life.``
It's very hard to pass the English essay-writting test, and so I must work very hard on it.
From NHK news, these earthquakes is 8. 8-Magunitude.
and these are very massive! They hit all of nothern Japan!
and the Tsunami hit Nothern Japan now.
My friend told me to listen to the opening naration, so I did.
I took the test becase the score gives me a certification for english skill for when I apply for a job.
But actually I thout that I want to stay here longer.
knowledgse from books, we don't experience ourselves.
knowledege.
So, in my opion, books are the more important source to gain knowledge.
On the train I read a book called ``Diary of the winpy kid THE LAST STRAW`` and this book is so funny because, it's a story that couldn't be real.
After I got off the train I walked for 3 minites and I got to the Canadian Embassy.
Then, I went to the library and took part in the book reading session. Today's session was about ``What elefhant?``.
It's a story about a boy named George, who went home and found there was a big elefhant there. George called a lot of people for help but, nobody believed it was true and George had to do a lot of things because of the elefhant.
This story was very intresting for me because, could you believe it if there was an elefant in your house?
Unti-boycott law in Israel
Unti-boycott law was established in Israel.
I still don't know why she went home withou any word, so I feel bad today.
I work in the company which is in one of the financial cector and I belong to
The Ferris wheel is our good memory before getting maried.
One of my friends strongly recommand this site to me.
I want to go abroad, but I've never been to foreign co ``u`` contries.
But, because I'm shy it was so difficult to make firends there...
I maneged to talk with some people.
They were from KSA, the USA, Korea, Malyshia, Rossia, and India!!
my listning and speaking skills are not good..
we have only learned English grammer and reading...
My nees hurt recently.
When the tomato jolted on the basket, it made tamato juice.
But some of the costomers say ``Thank you.`` or ``Hang in there!`` to me.
When I walked along the fried chestnut shop, the fragrance of fried-chestnuts was scattered into the air, which made me drooly.
I took the lesson from the other teacher but I was given a lot of questions because this was the firtst lesson with the new teacher.
It seened as if the story was finished by force.
I was very imressed!
``Akai ito`` means ``the conection between the couple.``
I have a friend who lives in Hawai.
After that he went to Hawai.
He have lived in Hawai for 9 years.
I know what is happend in my brain
Yesterday and today, I watched the dorama (or TV series) ``Sex and the city`` for 10 hours.
Becouse I watched season 6 that has 20 stories. (or episodes)
One story is 30 minites long.
I love Samansa.
The question is whether we should elimilate the one child policy.
On the one hand, they need to take care of the elderly, while on ther other they need to take care of their children.
Exactly. If you have no money then you cannot do anying.
I have done much houseword today because my boyfridend was watching the world cup all night!
I always regard her as my anti, although she is Vietnams.
If you make a correction with a reson, I would be happier!!
I had seen Avatar in 3D in January, and I wrote about its impression in a Lnag-8 diary entry.
This is the leatest release.
Do you uaually think before you speak?
Indeed, why do I learn languages, if I have no one to comunicate with it?
I'm jpanese but I feel that I must learn the Japanese language more.
He has to stay in home and I can't be near to him because it's only been 20 days since my operation: <I feel guity and I totally miss him: <
I drink an iced cofee after I drink a hot coffeeXD. XD
So I can go home anytime whan I want to go home.
Its original is ``Shusyoku-Katsudou``.
Docter says it will take about one year to heal.
My neighborhood was rushed to a nearby hospital by an ambulance.
At this time, which shoud I say ``Good night`` or ``Good morning``?
3days ago, I logined in Lang-8 to study English.
I found it takes a lot of courage to face the setbcak in life.
And both have toched me.
One day my mother made me take piano lessons without thinking my charactor.
I preffred playing outside with boys instead of playing inside with girls
Sinece then, piano and music scores have been tramatic for me.
Speaking English is very different from writting and reading, I think.
Whre is the sunshine going?
Though, of cousre I am really happy that we realized that we love each other.
Success or failur
Thank you very much indded in advance for giving me your answers.
How to get fidh eggs.
At the gym, I trained myself by using dumbells and some of the other machines there.
So I was nurvous.
These days, there arealso boxes for the purpose of collecting money/ donationsfor the cases of foot-and-mouth disease in Miyazaki pref.
I made carbonara for dinner (see the attatched pictures)
Yesterday, we had a tranlating class and it was exciting for us.
So far, when I read something in English, I can understand it if it is about something that we have been tauch.
Honestly, in some fiels such as stock market, speciaized terms in economy, and so on.
So if I am not good at my language, it will be more difficult if I wanna be good at other lanuages.
I really like Europian architecture and art, so that's why I chose this department.
Though I'm studying French, recentry I started going to English conversation school in/ at my university.
My naitive teacher is very kind and I made friends with my classmates.
Friedn's birthday!!
However, fun time ended soon becuase I had to go to the libray for an appointment with the librarian.
I had my stomach examined with gastokamera today.
First, I drank aliquid to reduce bubbles inmy stomach. Then Ihadan injection to restrain the motion of mystomach. Ithen had tokeep ajerry to anesthtize at the throat for one minute and wait to be examined by gastcamera.
It was nothing other than a cockcroch!!
I have found more and more cockcroches lately.
We shoult be content.
Athough it's saterday, I don't have any planned.
It's likly that the share prices of IBM and AOL will stay at the same level for the next few months.
She had to have seven stitcis.
I actually have very patrotic feelings-our history is really heroic and difficult.
I'm not good eanogh at it to write anything (I've had just two lessons)
It's Geraman and if I only wnated to, could I& nbsp; write something understandable.
I'll motify/ correct my mistake.
Though my daily life is extremely monotonous, I try hsrd to adapt (myself to it).
Exceting Cities (Boiling Cities)
I watched the program named Exceitng Cities made by NHK.
Finally I found the program on internet yestarday.
Something is defferent between the Turkey in the episode made in 2008 and the Turkey I saw in 2010.
Moreover, Japan is also one of the places I want to visit since I like Japanese cutlure so much.
In order to tavel to different places in the future, I will try my best to learn languages and always improve.
stupied policy
I'll be going to to Tokyo Desney Sea tomorrow.
I recived an e-mail from an old friend.
Last week, my supervisor invieted me a meeting, and let me know that the company has a new business plan.
it can prevent some viruses and hicker.
My body's condtion was bad, so I slept all day.
On the day of my birthday, I decided to never fail to write a jounal entry everyday!
Our president and goverment.
I was absent from my company today because of my sons poor phisical condition.
He can go to the nersary school tomorrow, I hope so.
This is tempra, which is fried shrimp and vegitables.
We often eat tempra with soup called tsuyu in Japanese and we sometimes eat it with solt.
Both ways to eat tempra are very delicous.
he tempra of This picture shows several kinds of tempra.
There are many foods which are included in tempra.
They are tenndon, which is tempra on rice and tempura udon which is tempra on top of udon soup.
I was allways bothered about what people thought about me...
Today is the first time I went surfing on the Lang-8, and I extremly want to
When we are working we have joe and fun. ^_ ^
So we are not well known by people in other contries, especialy the people who live in Europe.
I want to write an interesting dialy.
Spring horiday!
Now, I have spring horiday for about one month.
Besides, I've been expecting my pacage and letter from Japan but it has been delayed...
I was living in Illinois, in the outskarts of Chicago, for 2 years.
Some people told me that I can speak english pretty well. So for now I want to work with foriengner only, so that I can practice my English with them.
I've had many foriengner friends in Thailand and they really like it here, but it's opposite for me.
Today, I taught the way of makeup to a younger menber in my club.
Furthermore, I was praisd for my posture in yesterday career fair!!
We were in the same grade and the same mojor.
In contrast, I think some English words don't (seem to) have any differece, so I want to know how English people distinguish these words.
Actually, I didn't know what to writen.
In autumn, there are many seasonal delicasies.
And I wish I will never have a pattient.
TRY-WORKS conducted questionnaires on the web and the street to ask girls about which charactor was the cutest.
They were sold at game arcades as a prizes, and Kapibara-san became the most popular charactor of all the prototypes.
He became a big hit among girs, and today he is just as popular as ever.
My official duties are to explane the work for my workers, check their work, and make orders for building materials...
I think that this work is difficult becouse I am young for this position, but I like it and it brings me a good salary.
I am a student at Gifu National Colege of Technology.
I just hope in a few days I can be nomal again.
However intelligent you are, you would not say these are corect
Although I've already dicided to not send any, I have to make a lot of New Year's cards for my family.
What can be considered to be a good souvenior??
I can't decide on souveniors for my Thai friend and his (her?) familly.
Winter, summer, twenti-nine, thirty-first...
It's news to me, so first I have to understand the general tought (people have?) about him.
A rainny Tuesday
I live in the north of Taiwan in Keelung, a famous rainny city in Taiwan.
I went to the Gold Coast in Austlaria from the 1st to the 15th of August to study with my sons.
Today, I discovered Lnag-8 on the Internet.
I like reding good books sometimes.
But now I feel a little nervous because mang graduate students are not working.
But the students have mang things to prepare.
You could find something new or something you've half-forgatten.
In addition, to the Japanese, grass is bule, the smoke of a cigaret is purple, etc..
she `s so adorable and I can` t wait to see her weird fasfire and hear her sucking sounds.
I am actually concernd about it.
Fortunately, I don `t have to eat a lot as long as I studie because I did not move too much.
Does anyone experience this kind of eating habbit?
I received ``A Desk For charie Jade``: episode 1 from Amazon.
Charie Jade is a surprising drama.
Today is the day I started watching ``goship Girl,`` which makes my boring life a bit more fun.
Once I saw the cover of the DVD, I was totally excited to watch ``goship Girl`` as soon as I could.
Belive it or not, this phenomena migh have happened to you before. Has it?
A patient came to my clinic three minuits before our consultation hours was over.
but seriously, I'm considering to go to a foreign country as an exchange student, or take a VISA for a working hollyday:/ ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
It's hard for me because I have never lived in another country before and most of time, I've spent in japanese:(So im not in a situation where I can drematically improve my English skills, ohhhhhhhhhh my gooooooooooooooooood!
so, I'm thinking about the other way, a working hollyday.
I `m very happy becouse I met up with my best friends.
I think I want to speak English to comunicate with people from other countries.
I decided to stady hard English.
I thought this is redicurous, and I resisted to do it first, but it was in vain.
Those all made me just exhuasted.
But nobody coment my diary.
When I feel someting, I try to write a Haiku.
It's very nice but my regs ached.
As for me, I've been to Italy, Germany, Holland and switzland.
This holiday has many days togather, I enjoy being at home with family.
By the way, tomorrow, I will visit Kyoto and meet up with a friend who was my neighbor when I was living in Osaka.
I Iate five bananas weighing in total 1. 5 kilograms.
I won't do that nexy time.
It is common that hundreds of thousands of people apply for one position in one company, abviously, the competition in China will be more fierce than that of in Aussie.
However, some employees argue with their employers about job satisfaction in order to improve their work enviorment.
This eassy will discuss what factors are important to job satisfaction, and what employees can realistically expect.
In this unlimited competive society, corporations tend to concentrate mostly on how to increase profits.
He loves diseny, so I wanted to send a diseny one, but I couldn't find it.
In 1932, she wrote her debut sgort novel and her writings were published in the school magazine.
It includ Qing Cheng Zhi Lian and Jin Suo Ji.
In the spring of 1952, she went back to Hong Kong, where she workde as a translator for UK News Agency for 3 years.
But I was a bit supprised to find this kind of site where the registrants assit each other with foreing language skill development.
Today, I started to read the passages of the website named ``technobahn (URL)`` to learn more about the backgrounds of various fields such as Archaeology, Biology, Ecnomics, Mathmatics, Physics and so on.
Since my youngest sister is going to college, none of us are qulified to get any Ya Sui Qian from our parents.
But, I never want to give up my futere!
I'm wondering if the scentences below has any differences.
But I decided to choise the normal version, because it is more friendly on kid's eyes.
I have been dreaming of seeing the Christmas tree at Rockfeller Center.
I tried to explain ``konnyaku`` (it's a japanese food) to the instructer from America, but I was totally confused: '(I need more practice.)
She failed (in) the step-up (examination) 3 years ago, so she had to look for an one-year contract domitory.
In Japan, domitory contracts are mostly for two years but I don't know (the reason/ why).
Her contract ended this year, so she had to study for passing the exam and also to look for a new domitory.
When we arrived at her old apartment, she had just finished putting all her things into baxes, so we cleaned the rooms and (conveyed/ move the) boxes to a car.
After we moved all of her stuff, we went to a funiture shop to buy new funiture.
It was a littlw far from Tokyo.
But we had a lot of fun and looked a lot of funiture.
While I was looking for her funiture, I found a very attractive box, so I bought it.
In the way returning home we went to a noodle restrant because Yokohama is famous for its noodles.
These speciall beans have a hearty taste and smell nice.
I stuudied English today.
Takahiko Kozuka finished eighth, but he bacame the first man from Japan to complete a quadruple jump at the Olympic games.
I got angry at my daughter today, so she broak our promise.
Then, I thoght that this was good for my English study and bought it.
Allthough I have lived in Tokyo for many years, I didn't know most of those Tokyo's sightseeing spots.
The Burger King in Akihabara is a holy (?) spot, because there are little custmers.
It's undisputable that cars are harmful too but I think that aircraft which need a good deal more of fuel than cars are even more polluting.
I graduated from a university that had many sutudents from other contries.
So, I have larn more English than other menbers of my office.
I know my English is not good enogh for bisness, but I will have to work with a cliant with whom I need to comnunicate in English from next month onwards.
There will be many comversations with this cliant.
A few miniutes later, a staff mentioned the train wouldn't run because of the earthquake.
I feared the infuluence of the aftermath.
I study foreigh language.
Surely, the most universal vocabulary, the most laconical rules, the most popular constraction help me study English easier and faster.
The most moderen equipment and programers use only English.
My job is very buzy recently.
I studied English in school, but I never did leaen it.
In Japan, we will have a long hoilday from April 29th to May 10th, when there will be a lot of tourists going on holidays abroad.
This flu came from pigs, but our govenment says it will be all right if we eat pork.
Sometimes there are nice things, and sometimes there are bad thinds happening.
Fortunately, I haven't experienced a huge earthquake yet since I came to Sappor, although I have experienced slight earthquakes a few times.
They are beauyiful.
I always believe that I don't have to celebrate my birthday since I haven't contributed anthing to anyone around me.
My childishness make me suffer a lot in campus while others take their time to borden their circle.
I've never celebreted my birthday before and neither have I evergot such a surprise.
I think [that] the British people really do have a funy accent.
A very emberassing thing happend to me when I was in Manchester for the first time.
Is it becouse of my diet (two meals per day)?
I heard about this website from a friend of mine, who is learning japenese. She said online studying was so much fun that she had improved her japeneses extremely/ very fast. So I decided to come here to make friends and to elevate my spoken english and grammer.
I've ended up my bachelor's at the beginnig of this year.
I'll begin keeping this dialy today.
so I'm studing everyday.
I got up at 9: 00 a. m. I was standing at the booth of my laboratory, and I talked to some people advertizing and appealing my laboratory and my study (major?).
As I mentioned yesterday, my friend Minsung came to my home after watching a concer by singer Park HyoSin.
And then, we went to a ``tteokbokki`` vendor because he said he was dying of hunger.
I'm nothing compared to him because all I've watched are Heores and Friends.
A sourt of mouse that has only four fingers and walks on two legs lives there.
I want you guys to correct my broken English and I can also help people who needs Korean correting.
Does the dormitory of the university in Toronto still have small telephone boths on each floor where students can make phone calls?
I went to a park near my house with my sons so that we could play succor yesterday.
This is why I played succor holding him while playing with his brother.
I ended up goint to bed again.
(In Japanease)
or ``How wastfull``!!
After my cavty was treated, I had a terrible toothache.
Fortunatly, my older sister's friend is a dentist.
I don't like these serious meetings, but I like a lunchbox served dueling it.
It was a more important probrem than the topic for the meeting.
Even though I go to Sapporo snow festibal every year, I think it is specutacular.
This September I will be promoted to a position that has to conssistantly fill out a lot of documents.
My concern is if I can accomplishiment my task.
My fovorite day of week except for Sunday!
Do you know Udon?
Really, though, I couldn't comunication well enough with her.
Plese correct my English.
Because they are so yumy, they become others 'prey including ours.
I was reliefed.
I have a fever, headack, sore throat, runny nose and I sneeze often.
I havn't gotten the shot yet.
I can't have swine flu, espacialy now.
I have to go to China tomorrow as a model for a cosmatic company.
I am going to the hospital in an hour even though I don't have the energe.
I'm kind of nervus.
During oshogatu holiday, I prepared to aply to get a Canada working holiday progam visa,
[The 34year old England midfielder missed the first half of the American season because he extendid his spell with the Italian side.
The auther of this book is genious or god indeed.
Please tell me what the most important things are for an intervewing
It is one of my all time favorite movies.
As you may know, Lang-8 had been experiencing some technical issues after the latest update which occured the disappearance of some journal comment entries and messages (friend requests)
In the futuer I will work hard for my family.
Today I will study English and excercise near by the park.
I continue the effort in the futuer.
If I walk wearing this trainer on the street, people think I'm crazy, but if it's her, everything will be okey;-)
Besides, most of all them take paid holyday with 100% commission
Right now, I'm studing English& Korean because of my job and communication.
Please bocome my friend!
It was a nice descovory.
A handmade Chistmas cake
After that, we ate this handmade Cristmas cake.
Her hair clour is drak blue.
But, one rainy day, her brother Jin disapired....
It was delicios.
I want to keep a dialy to learn English.
The roads were confusing, but the plice stood at the main crossing
When I turned on the TV about 2am yeseterday morning,
Now I am writing some documets, including some tutorials of the basic systems and how to use and set up stuff.
Even if the guy says that he can't live without me as he sincely loves me, and I feel like accepting it, I can't.
Since I was brought up in a poor family, living withought worring about money have been very important for me.
I tried to go outside and see the fireworks dispay.
Other Apratment residents were also outside to watch it.
My boyfriend will go to golf with his colleaguues.
A meal consists of chiken, vegitables, potatoes, and so on.
We had gossiped about borring routines as well interesting topics like the Casino.
I forgor about lang-8 for a while
So I will go to the gas gasstation and buy lamp oil.
the cold is ver bad!!!!!!
There is a dressing tabe at the head of the bed.
Aroma is again important to make it perfecrt.
I can chose the best one for that day from some harbal soaps.
I'm studying CRM (Costomor Relationship Management)
Then, she woke up in sprise.
My Literlly Comprehension.........
spacially when I walk down the street Saudi people look at me interestedly and greet me.
Soccer is vely much fun!
The temperture was 37c, unusual in this rainy season.
It was usuless, they were careful about their health.
now Mao may not take part in winter olimpic.
It was very bautiful.
Therefore when we went out last weekend, I kind of got lost in Harajyuku and beleive it or not, he led me to the right direction.
I applaied for a scholarship.
But I still have not recieved any response from them.
When I came back home and opened it, I went just insain.
Last week, I was asked to trancerate some papers at my office for a co-worker.
I couldn't come up with the right word in Japanese even if the English word was very simple or familliar.
The Phoniex Suns were two wins away from NBA finals last season,
Du bety mye fra meg:)
We (my hasband and I) decided to buy bricks for her Chirstmas present.
My dinner was only riceball and vesitable.
I had good oppotunity to meet funny women and we exchanged email adress.
She was pro-wrestler and she was eating smorgasbord about 4000 calory.
She claimed she could eat a smorgasbord about 4000 calory if she could come to this place.
She claims that she eats 5ooo calory everyday.
I was the only Japanese untill the new 2011 February team arrived at my school.
I totaly didn't understand what my team leader said when I was at meetings.
I've tryied to talk with other Japanese people in English, even if only Japanese speakers sit down at the same table as me at lunch time.
We mixe ingredients such as strong flour, salt, yeast and some others.
When I come home, my leg alredy dead..
When I was in university, I joined the bollroom dance club.
My scheduel is too full
Love letters are normally too sentimental and so full of words that only once you read them again after some time you realize how silly and embarrased they make you feel.
So I dedicated some of my time to writting.
Unfortunatedly, I found that two of the professors seem to have bad ratings regarding class hardiness and teaching qualities.
For 10 mitutes, two friends and I talked in English in front of our teacher.
The pisture shows the Sept Sky in Hong Kong, enjoy.
I always go to the Stabucks coffee.
I did a college enteance exam.
Because of the sucky asigment makes me nerveus
I finished the asigment up.
Then I counted how many words I used in the asignmemnt.
I (just) picked up ``The Dialogues of Platon.``
Since I had promised my kids beforehand, I took my kids and thier friends to a swimming pool today.
This photo shows a statue of a Buddhist priest in his childfood.
He has been praing all this long-long time.
becouse I am apart from them.
Do you konw Hiro Nakamura?
I heard that drinking water is good for the helth.
A large number of evacuees from the disister have stayed in the evacuation shelters.
Also, unfortunately we had the truble with the newclear powor station right after the earthquake.
When I pull the drewer, I found some latters.
I found blog with iPhone reviw, when I surfing the internet.
A large quantity of the site's features were developed by American and South East Asian engineers, so I had to coorperate with them in order to maintain site stability and to make sure the translations were correct.
For examble, there are often some variables in strings, like ``You have learned [A] out of [B] videos!``.
So I needed to make a guideline that unifies the way to transalte the site's contents; I had to consider the difference between English and Japanese.
I deside to make a plan so that I do not waste the time I have left.
Becouse of the cold and rain, there were no people except me and my girlfriend.
It is better to ride a Ferris wheel in good wheather.
The master then put out a five-doller bill and two one-doller bills and asked the boy.
Why did you choose the two one-doller bills at the barbershop? ``
So I would like to keep writig and speaking English.
2) Let's review the 3 qustions I gave you today.
But today she said ``I don't remenber``.
I'm nurvous.
My hobbies are playing violine and snorkeling.
I play the violine about three times a week.
We talked about the habbit between Japan, Korea and Canada.
hi. this is my first jounal
but, excepe for reading and reciting,
Today, my chalssmates and I went to play basketball and soccer, and I felt very happy.
I suddenly tought of a sentence.
Also, regarding internet tecnology, I feel that it can connect people of all over the world to each other, and that is usefu for business in the future and in our life
Because of these reasons, I want to work at an internet company and create new survise using the internet so we can live mofe confortable.
A few days ago, I made a decision that I would get up at six-thirthy every morning to study whatever I need to.
> ``<So it's all my fauly.
But I could 't directly ansewr thoes questions.
Anthing is OK-common image or personal opinion-.
It was first time I met them for ``real``, but they were really firendly!!
English conversation is very diffecult!!!!!!!
hallo.
I `m a univercity student.
Thease days, I have many oppotunity to talk with Americans, Canadians, Germans, and so on.
I ask myself, ``Is this English expression wrrong? This might be wrrong,`` and then I stop myself to express my feelings and oppinion.
If you get a chance to draw on someone's face, I recommend all of you try to draw fake eyes on their eyelids (like the pictures above. These are my current works.:P) It makes their sleeping face incredily funny.:D
We enjoyed the changing colors of autumun leaves, and we enjoyed the sound of the fallen leaves crunching beneath our feet.
-Samurai Sentai Sinkenger& Musked Rider Decade-
This movie was very interisting!
Masked Rider movie Next 12, Desember.
Goog summer vacations!
I was born in the Aomori prefecture, which is nothern north than Iwate, so my parents and brother were not injured.
I hope that the disaster's damege won't spread more, and that thepeople of those areas may be safe.
I decided to exspand my skills in English.
This first note is very short becouse I'm so tired.
They had to check my vision befofe I buy them.
I am very nearsited.
Some peple were fighting policemen armed with shields and nightsticks.
At first I dindn't know the cause of the riots, as Japanese TV stations dindn't report them in detail.
But in China, it seems to be umbereable to eat raw fish.
I coludn't do my best.
Deppression Days
So we are losting our work.
I write my dialy in English and Chinese every day.
Hayashi told us about the book written by an Austrarian broadcaster who traveled to China.
After some time, apeared a rainbow before my eyes.
The camera of my cellularphon couldn't photograph it.
I want to work for a passinate, challenging, and creative company.
My last wish is to never losting happiness no matter what may happen.
I'm not a perfect person but I'm proud that I'm a Chritian.
frist diary entry
Because the internet is speedy and wirelessly.
I must plactise it as much as I can...
But I thought the tiger one was more cute than the lion one, so I choiced this tiger.
My adress is on my profil.
Thay seem to hate me since I have been put in charge of an important project at such a young age.
I invite my friends over, but I feel confusted because of not knowing what should I do with them.
On the second day, when I first met Chinese friends, I was very ashame and confused
We call it ``Tyakaiseki bento`` in Japanese.
The beggining of the rainy season.
The quastion that agitated me and my friends was about limbs.
According to this script Moll retuned to the real world.
It's in Guamu
I will not be able to go anywhere unless I get up early tommorw.
The club chief is a hadsome and cheerful person.
It was relieved because generally menber of such an inconspicuous club are not cheerful.
She became my friend when I was in an elementaly school.
Second of all, there is a really exciding activity
He is the one that recommonded me to go to his church for the first time, so
It is just like rainning fire outside in the afternoon.
Despite the electric fan, we still can't bear the igh temperature.
Eatting ice-cream is the only thing that makes me happy.
Now, I wanna tell you especialy about the J-pop artist, Aiko.
Is it as hot in your neighbors?
Useally, I go to see musicals in Seoul.
It arrives at Suwon saubway station.
Clowdy but warm
It was clowdy today.
I went to a Chinese tample located in the China Town of the Philippines in 2008.
I have some questions about grammer.
I cooked dinner for my freinds
I had to treate my guests, so I went to the supermarket and bought some food.
I bought more expemssive meat than I usually buy.
Their answere was SUSHI.
They often make joks about my skin.
The Weather forcast says the rain and the wind will stop by the next morning.
Studyng in my room is so hard.
There are many obstcles (distractions).
It is irresistable, haha.
The bitter melon was eaten in Okinawa originaly but now it is eaten throughout Japan.
In addition, it can be used as a green cartain (?) and it is useful for avoiding/ blocking the heat.
But the various vegitables and plants will help us and our life.
One is through the third tunnle, obsorbotory and the nothren most station.
She is a good listenr.
However, I didn't know it cleary.
She told me after she went to America, she rarely read books in hre leisure time, because it's in English.
Some like Yahoo, some like googel, and different countries have their own search engines.
I saw ``The Blind Side`` yeaterday.
The presents were ``smiles, messege, bouquet, dinner, and more.``
Yesterday I finary receieved a big baggage from japan.
I've been engerly expecting the baggage from my parents.
One of my club menberes invitted some other members including me. (= some club menberes).
I was so furiout to my parents and doctors.
I was so depressed and sad so, told my mother that I'm so afraid and sad for staying in a hopital.
It was the start of the my terrible lunatic asylum journy.
I was in ther for 2 weeks.
It was the end of the lunatice asylum journy.
When I was there, I was so normal to interact with others, alchoholics, schizophrennics, sueciders and dimentias.
I hope they get well and live happyly.....
I am very nervous. I really hope I perform well and can be adimited by the university I want to attend.
I feel lonly, because I have to work the day after tomorrow and my favorite city is Seattle.
He made a beatiful Latte. (picture 1)
It's a very beatiful city.
I am one of thoose people who has to come here earlier or I won't make it on time.
Thanks in advance for everyone who will help me make my English understable for other people ^ ^ ``
But I'm warried that it might not require me to speak English.
I want to speak in Englih.
However, I sometimes keep it at a high temperture
I was toooooooooooooooo cold.......
Today is not sunny, so it's not very hot althouht it's summer here.
he played football and badmintion, although he didn't win he had fun because he met a friend and relaxed after hard work.
This will be my Frist trip this year.
I'm learning English conversation through the enternet.
But there are so many English words I can't remenber!
But there are no words I can show my opinon with.
A new shcool year starts in April in Japan, and March is farewell season.
But I think thinking about something impossible is important because it chages to real things.
If we hope, we strive to fulfill our desires.
wonder drogs
And I am hoping to study Japanese and lern how to talk, but now I just wanted to give an update on where I've been.
I think all languages are beautiful, only we just don't have have enough time to be able to discover their deauties.
That is ``Lang8 surffin``.
That's ture.
I think the Internet is a good thing because I sold my bicyle on a second hand goods website [www.
Stil, I can't believe he has broken his leg!!
I would really like to meet my host famiry and feel a different culture!
but, I'm worrying to can't make myself understand in Englih.
I was surpreised because many people cosplayed super heros.
She trid to ruin the relationship bewteen S and N.
I took the role of a presentator and got a lot of helpful advice in yesterday's meeting.
I will do it coutinually to achieve my goal of going to Harvard.
They were kuskus (Africa), shan noodle (Myanma), adobo (Philippines), spring roll (Vietnam), guacamole (Mexico).
And we, as Japamese, made 'Makizushi' and 'Inarizushi'.
Fortunatly, my insurance covered it.
I want to go to China and feel an air of excitement that lots of Japanes people felt 20 or 30 years ago.
After finishing the movie, I went for a cofe with frinds.
In Sturday, I got up late becouse I don't have a class.
Also, I had a prakfast and I read newspaper.
After that, I went shopping with my brother and I bought some colther.
I was hoppy.
My supervisor told me 'you should finisht your work tonight!`` but that work's deadline is still four days away.?
I think that this is excellent in the overdrive pedal that can be boght in this price range.
Some of our friends are comming with us.
Now I have a daugter, she is 3 months old.
When I lived in Japan, I was a volunteer staff and sometimes tecnical staff in a child-care center.
So, I got information from a comunity college.
My baby sometimes needs momy (= me), so my study speed is very slow.
Maybe this entrie is a bit long, so I am going to finish it for today.
I signed the contruct to buy my home:)
It will be 4LDK (four rooms and one living room, dining room and kichin) and will be 2 floors.
I talke to a girl from Beijing, China yesterday.
A lot of people like to stay in air-conditiom places.
Unlike forigners, people like to go the beach, picnics or outdoor actititice.
It could made her skin get tanner, so she always sput on a coat in the daytime, as well as putting on sunglasses, and rubbing suncreen on her skin. She is very crazy.
First of all, I will tell you about my opinion, if we want to be a good boss, I think we have to controll our company very well, be fair, and kind.
If we can't controll our company, we can't deal with some people or companies, and the workers will not believe in you.
Also, most of the workers will disagree about our command because if we don't controll our company, they will not know about our authoritary.
If we are doing everythind unfairly, I am sure all of the workers will hate us.
Suddenry I noticed what a good hasband I am!!
Until now I'm interested in it, but havd no time to start a facebook.
I've heard that the Singaporeans are nocturnal, because the coutnry is near the equator. Therefore/ That's why they do nothing in the day time, and usually start moving after (the) sunset.
I wnat to buy it.
The J3 has many good funtion.
Such as an inner speaker, 8GB of meomry, AMOLED Display, long play time etc.
I am satisfied by its performance and desgin
It takes more than 3 houes.
Altough I tried to ask my teacher to correct my composition, he looks so busy.
There is a real atmosphere of liveness at the shop where buyers and sellers haggle.
I often experienced that. altough I had decided to cook a meat dish for supper, when I went to the market, energetic cries of the clerk from the fish store made me find myself buying some fish.
This is my secound journal entry.
Today I hadan English test. It was a 150 word essay. Iwas thefirst to finsh in my class but I made many mistakes.
I am nighteen years old. + nain-tiin +
Maybe you feel really happy one moment; you think you are the luckiest person in the world. But, very soon, maybe one day later or 1 hour later, you feel upset; you think youself are nothing.
The Divelopment of Science and Technology
I will show you a queation, and I will try to answer it in various ways.
One difference, I think, is in the divelopment of science and technology, especially that of PCs and mobile phones.
First and foremost, soldiars must put military gear on in order to beguile the foes.
Besides, puting togather plenty of grenadesfor bombardmentis amust.
Meanwhile, others set snares at the behast of the marshal.
It's interesting to know that Dazai declaired himself to be the Japanese Baudelaire.
So I always don't know wheather my writings (or) entries are right or wrong.
Ultimateley..
It is so dificult, because I have not studied English in 3 years.
Two weeks from now I'm going to Milano, and I'm going to see ``The Last Supper``.
Before I visiti Italy I want to be able to speak Italian a little.
If the eye consists of contrastive colors like brown and white like us, well at least for Asisans, your eyeball movement is easy to be noticed.
Is the dorama famous?
Surprisely, the hair-stylist today seems to have done a good job, maybe he is in my mind!
I love horse rase.
She is a very storong horse and she is very cute!
However there are desventages, for example, if you spend a lot of time on the Internet it is dangerous.
I don't think that books have any desventage.
On balance I think that both inventions are good but the Internet has got more adventages.
I especially love soccoer.
I am a member of a soccer team& nbsp; in the& nbsp; Future Univercity in Hakodate.
I am popular in the soccer sircle.
So, immediatelly wake up by yourslef, do morning exercises, eat enough food and you'll be ready for every great day and be able to move mountains!
helo everyone... I am an Indonesian. I want to learn japanesse.
Nowadays I am gradualy finding out.
is rly bad especially writing T_ T
I'm trying to speak english and listenning to english everyday.
it's a big plobrem for me!
The tytle was ``Science Allergy``
I must improve my Japnese ability as well as English.
As far as I know, H& M has only started selling thier products in Japan since 2008 and they have only a few stores around Tokyo.
I woulld like to make many friends on Lang-8.
I finished five graphics and one gaphic is being painted now.
I'm wating for you!
We, Asians, performed a play, to tell you the truth, I really didn't performe.
It's a weird sensation, kindda (kind of) like look at myself through someone else's eyes.
My mejour is economics.
BTW I ate a pizza at Sbarro in Shibuya which opened last mounth.
Nowdays, I've been thinking about this.
When I meet someone from another contry, I want to know some expressions for asking new words and phrases in their languages.
This time we students were talking about monitering the employees.
To my great sorprise a lot of students do not think carefully before doing it!
Anyway, I recomend you to watch this movie!
She is going to play the trombone in Tokyo Disneyland as a one of members of the elementary school blass band in Oct.
I always study English while drinking a cup of coffee untill my teacher comes.
Our factory has a lot of free tims.
It's a challange to explain love with (or: through) science.
I attnded a Techono Buddha, which is an event to make relationship through some workshops between temple members who are yong people (21-39), yestrday and today.
And one of them was very weired!!
However, I chouldn't carry tha ball very well, so it took a long time to carry.
I hope I could play the weired game very well next time.
So I chosed unexpensive but fairly strong ones.
We ate itarian food for lunch.
And I want to know the American calture.
It was quite a peculia reaction among many people in the cafeteria.
I will do battle with mosqute all this summer season
Actuarely, the machine that had troubles last week is woking without trouble.
By the end of Nowrooz children can buy something for themslves with thier money which they took from their ralatives and parents.
Anyway, I usually start a new day by writting in my diary about daily life.
I was supposed to bring these clothings when I moved to Chicago, but I can't find them in my house.
My favoriate videos to watch are the American TV proglam.
But in fact, with the fashion spreading throuth our country, the person in question was making a humble apology without a different look.
Being paticular about their dress may not be bad, but, I think, umpleasant appearances should be avoided.
beatiful dentist
Since I live in forign country without my mom, I have to cook.
I can succeed at living alond and studying.
First dialy
First, I will write a weekly dialy.
I'm gon to writing my diary here on Lang-8 starting today.
I am biginner.
First, I will introduce to you TAIYOU NO UTA, a Japanese movie released in 2006. I first watched Taiyou no Uta in 2006. I think it is a good movie and I recommend you to watch it. The actress is Japanese qute girl YUI, her main occupation is as a singer and she is one of the most famous girls in Japan now. You can hear her music in this movie.
However I haven't dicided where yet.
I'm interested in NY because I'd like to visit the Appolo theater, which is known for being the Mecca for Black Music, and I'm big fan of BM.
I like google.. and the sence of this website looks like it....
It's a no-brainer that the bear effortlessly defeated Takeru Kobayash.
Acutually I bought the ravioli, so I just made white sauce for it.
If they attend Siggrah, they have to study, so they are reluctant to go.
I saw a movie called Harry poter.
Simons desciribed all of this very precisely.
It's realy horrific what these people must have survived.
I like books that describe stories like this bacaous I can learn something about a time when I didn't live but thanks to this world I can see what it actually looks like.
Today was the last day at school and I received a certifate.
They are famous in Osaka, which I am originaly from.
There's ony one whole day left.
However, I have strong likes and dielikes about food.
However, I don't have an I-phone or andoroyd phone.
To most of us, friends are the parners, who are valuable to trust in.
It is said that please forget me when you are living in happyness, please recall me when you feel sad and painful my friend.
She said the different amount was finacial charge that was sent each month then dissolved later, so I ignored it. and followed the amount on the paper statment
Now I relieved, but I still don't understand why the department would make such unneccessary procedures to make people nervous.
I don't know manymany words.
mechanical: I respect someone eho has mechanical knouledge because I hardly have any.
It setles down my mind.
I am lelieved.
A gas exposion happened during the culture festival in Toyonan high school in Tokyo two days ago.
So it burst and a gas exposion happened.
First, I must work hard to ern more money than last month.
We can make original plates by kneaging clay.
-doing away with oversized trush
I rode some atractions such as the Spiderman, the Back to the future, the Jaws.
I am going to sleep on the sofa, don't need cook, go on the internet until late, buy a big cake, talknig on the phone for a long time,,,,.
In the groupe, I'm an English teacher.
I invited my English groupe members.
But, my plan didn't really work out, due to an unavoid reason.
Furthermore, I don't think my Enlish is good enough for a working environment.
And then, I suddenly found I forgot to attach an important E-mail sent to my boss yesterday (I mean the E-mai doesn't have the attachment which should be attached.).
I have never been a gir who likes to smile very much.
(There're two types of Zorb, one is that you can grab the hundles inside the compartment or you're fixed with your arms and feet and there's no water, and the other, ``hydro zorb``, is that there's three or four buckets of water in the compartment.
My second adventure was bungy jumping.
But they allowed me to stop at the bungy spot and watched me jump.
This is the bungy jump in the same place I visited:(This man is not me, either)
However, I like, potate dishes, spicy dishes and steak.
I am sufferig from lower back pain lately.
I went to see a doctor and have a body massage almost every day but it was not gettig better.
so he has to realign my backborn in the rigtht direction.
Right now, It's 23: 10 o 'clock in TOYKO JAPAN
rigth?
I can made friends who are in Califolnia USA and from the UK
I've just registered for an acount and wanted to leave something for my first log in.
Today, my writting teacher told me some reeeaaaaally funny jokes, eh...
Cantonese: movice& Language
These Canonese movies we see on cable TV in Taiwan are already dubbed into Mandarin.
Luckly, I got to know an interesting video from youtube which is sent by my friend today.
This video has the romanization to help the novice to prounce the phrase or word.
His prounciation is also very clear, so that novice can get it quickly and repeat it again and again.
Yesterday, I spilled coffe on the desk and floor.
I rarely splii things, no matter how busy I am.
Today I am going to write na note about my background. [1]
Now, y stomatch is full because I ate too much.
I had a kiwi for breakfast while writing in my daiary.
I ate indonesia food!
And the main character works pickking it up there.
And these countriese are advanced nations.
As a result, the rich and poor divide estend considerably.
And I think maybe the precence of very rich people caused the presence of very cheap people.
I have been studying English for a long time, but I often still make grammertical mistakes.
This is my first time to wrie diary in this citesite.
They defeated Qatar, Korea and Australia, so I think it is very worthful victory.
The smell of pizza was really great and of_ ofcourse the taste was splendid too.
Is ``puzzel`` just equal to ``confuse?``
I'd like to kinda, I think abuse is the appropiate word, this entry for getting and sharing tips about learning Japanese.
Today, I went to see a movie with my frirends.
The movie that I wached was ``Crows Zero II``, which describes the fight between Japanese boy's high school gangs.
I can `t understand why languges like Chinese and Japanese are so popular.
There are so many hieroglyphes, I can `t understand how people can learn it!!!!! ^ ^ ^
Maybe because China and Japan are highly-developped countries???
Hvae a good Thanksgiving!!
When I was a freshman at college, my English teacher coudn't speak Korean well.
Ansan is one of the most polutant cities in Korea.
There are so many forign workers who work for one of the many coporations which are in the complex.
Now I think that it is really a shame that when I was a boy, I hated these forign people and the polluted air.
If I were a reader of my composions, would I like to read them?
As long as I am writing this, I suppse that I have to ignore the bias from other people.
And I don't want to be cosidered that person who wrote those kind of subjects because I'm suffering from it.
Thus, I successed in getting out my office to go to the movie theater.
Today, I'm goig to write about yesterday.
We bought many chothes. We were very lucky!
He builds bubble-nests and feeds his children until they can swim by theirself.
hontou ni shinpai shicatta yo = I really worry
naze kokoro wa toouku hanareteiru?
waht's the differebt of koibito and aijin?
I always eat food carefully with my grtitude.
I have heard that a reusable grocery bag from TRADER JOE 'S is very populat in Japan.
I feel like it stronly, especially when I feel insecure. For example, the times when I walk alone at night.
As soon as I realized that I was beenig chased, I was grabbed by the neck. I passed out after being choked sometime.
When I regained my consciousness, he was finally realesing my neck. (I fainted for a very short time.) Since he took off his hands, I could use my voice and so I said 'I am pregnant.', wishing that he would lose his sexual desire. (of course I wasn't pregnant.) Anyway, he ran away afterwards and I could go back home safely.
senkaku islands colligion event
Yesterday, the video of the colligion event (occurring) near senkaku islands (was) leaked on youtube.
So a bordercollie collie named 'Sky' began to zigzag over a field.
He followed Sky's every move, so his watchfull eye missed nothing.
When Sky finished the parcours, she began to bark joyfully.
she's golden-retriver, very pretty, cute, clever
To be continued tomarrow.
Among them are Korean-style drums and inflatible tubes that bang together to make sounds.
Especially, the mational soccer cheering group so-call ``red devils`` are famous for their passionate and impressive cheering features.
This team is my teacher's team, and thier dance style is POPPIN '.
She is a woman, but I think she is tha best dancer!!
thier dance style is HIP-HOP.
I slep in late this morning.
We played board geme together, ``Jenga`` and ``Zinsei game``.
im styding English and spanish
I forcus on my work on weekdays.
On the other hand, I want to soak my body and soul in someting diferrent to release stress caused by work.
I have a mascular pain because I did sit-ups and push-ups in the gym yesterday.
a questionnar to fill out.
Everytime when I leave the school
On my way home, I felt hunngy
I can't feel the festive atomosphere around me.
They are both caugh and sneez.
Now I'm considering apllying for a Fashion Designing Course at Central Saint Martins in London.
I am a begginer fashion designer.
After looking through my proposal, my tutor said 'your writing is littile bit crancky, so you need to improve your academic English,'
I checked the meaning of crancky by the dictionary
I will start stdying English very hard from now on.
I just started writting this diary.
Some time ago, my country had ``ellections``, I have put this word in quotes because I'm not absolutely sure about results.
Some of my friends belives that the real rating for Lukashenoko was nearer 30%, and that the ellection was completely falsificated.
On the other hand, my parents and other family members, (my uncle and his wife), strongly belives that Lukashenko is our only hope.
I know that Lukashenko falsificated our ellections, but I'm completely sure that his real rating was nearer to 50-60%, according to my own investigations.
This morning when I woke up, I was so surprised when I found out that my clock didn't work anymore. I was late t to school which was was so embarressing.
It was raining cats and dogs and the wind was so stronge too.
I went to play bastkeball with my friends yesterday enening.
I receieved a China Airline ground attendent first interview letter!
they tried and triend, and nerver gave up.
so I need to use mass transpotation or the attendent shuttle to get to the airport.
But I enjoy a feeing of relaxation and also there are many field for vegetable and rice paddy in neighborhood.
The highest temprature is 23 degrees.
New students and their perents took pictures in front of the cherry trees.
I am a Ubiversity student.
By the way, I have been inerested in Spanish since before I entered high school.
It's nice, because it was made so that we can larn Spanish for 30 days!
But I don't belieave it, because I cannot speak English very well even though I have studied it for long timeX (
Then she answerd that yes, I am a sleeper woman.
She is comming next Summer to learn/ study Japanese.
For example, Micheal Jackson appeared in my dream last week and my house was broken into by a kind of stolker 2 days ago.
I still remenber that it was really funny, but that's all I can remenber.
The book so much influensed me so much that I have decided that I want to change my life too.
We shouldn't lable it right or wrong, but explore it in depth.
I want to improve my English writting and grammar.
There was a teribble typhoon.
But even it is difficurt for most Japanese to take more 7 days horiday.
My neck, shoulder and back hurt then and I've gone to the hospiatl four times a week since then.
I want you to pick up this twitte.
Becouse they left the station while in these days...
I can't understand how these two sentences are diffrent.
I joined the workshop of Hippo activitie.
We all read the conferece's contents of Miss Suzanne about multilingual acquisition.
This is the first time I know there is such a interestig webside, and I am a chinese student.
And they're my favorit.
I saw ``Billy Elliot`` last Thuseday!
Sometimes I couldn't understand the pronounciation.
Hello everyone, I'm a new member of the lang-8 community. I find this site interesting because not only can I learn English, but I can also learn Korean or Japanse.
I'm a student of Nanjing University China, my English is not good eventhough I have been studying for 3 years.
I'm working at a cafe which is named ``Saru-cafe`` (meaning ``monky-cafe``).
But we have to work very hard because this shop was just opened 1 month ago, so we cannot give this shop a bad image. You know wahat I mean?
My breakfast was bread and a cup of coffe.
Set the glowing stick in an incense burner, flower ot, or other nonflammable, heat-resistant container.
Bigining to write blogs!!
I'm realy happy but I'm still...
This morning, my teacher told us about her daugter, it made me cry.
It is a very exciting, srilling, and heartful movie!
My name is Juncihi.
My best friend let me know abou it through his way to communicate with people.
I had been with people who make others feel exausted with those sarcastic remarks until I met him.
I don't mean only through relatinoships between a man and a woman.
Being sencere anytime is the most important thing for me now.
recentily.
I heard the second tyhoon is hitting today.
I wonder if we maight/ will have many tyhoon this summer.
Study listening, speaking, and writing for 30minutes every day using the English-learning magzine ``Studio Classroom`` to improve my English
This custom seems to originat from the custom during the Heian period (about 1200 years ago), where the nobility in the imperial court changed their clothes on this day.
However, if I pass the exam, there is a big problem there: finding employment. ordinaly, employments for new graduates are held in a period that I am in a foreign country.
I had a fever at midnoght last Wednesday.
Now I'm trying to dictate what you said though, somtimes I notice that I do not understand.
I should have concentraded more in our class;-(
I was congraturated on passing the KAIST graduate school.
I'm guessing his unsymmetry hair style will come into fashion soon!
the visiting lasted only five days, but it was still meaningfull to me.
Tomrrow my vacation begins.
Korea (acutually not just S.
I don't like that Koreans get their political education about Dokdo from their childfood brainwashing.
A weired Trip
I really didn't enjoy this trip, it was weired.
I stepped on the blake and stopped.
He works in Taiyou no ra-men (=) (noodol).
He is very poerfuol (?) man.
Cigarrets are very easy to be addicted to and difficult to stop.
I ofen bought real milk when I lived in Japan.
The May Day vacation is from tommow to May 4th.
I've prepared the travel for us such as searching for good restaurants, buying tickets for the aqarium (which is the largest aquarium in Australia and is near my flat!) and so on.
Resisting immidiate instinct can help improve my future.
I like Argentina very much because they have a lot of stars and they can show us spectacular tecniques and I cheered them on in World Cup 2010.
However, I am Japanese so I definetly cheered on the Japanse team.
No. 2, some cruel commanders or politicians appear in each work, and they definitely order heroes or heroines to do curel and almost impossible missions.
When I was littile, I watched the Gundam series as well, but even women and young boys easily die in each work, so I still remember, I finally stopped watching halfway because of depression lol.
If I become able to speak Englsih, I want to watch movies in English. I want to make friends speaking English. I want to go to a foreign country and I want to know their culture and eat taditional foods of that country.
From then on, I often litstened to American hip hop.
The university in Tokyo/ Tokyo University is one of the most famaous colleges, and most of my friends are very good at English.
So plese let me know if there is any incorrect grammar or simplistic descriptions.
One night in the hotel during a bisiness trip
I spent one night in a hotel in Fukushima for a bisiness trip which was far away from Kyoto.
I carefully chose a hotel at this time in oder to have a good weekend.
Absolutly not!
I spent to a lot of time studying grammer, but I forgot so many things.
I am 18 yeaes old.
I aiways go to University by train.
As you know, Easter is a Christan and Jewish holiday.
We celebrate the death and resurrection of Christ, while Jews celebrate the Hebrew exodus from Egipt.
In order to save money I decided to asked to my parents to receive some books I wanted to read for so long (I'm also a little chubby, thats why I would rather readind a book than eat chocolate...):D Yesterday I bought them.
I live in the USA and I love the English languaje.
Who can hlep me!!
Also, I want to make many friends from foreingn countries.
I have to perform a presentation about us diplomacy and write a paper about the same thema.
A fall of seasonal snow gives promise of a fruitable year.
I am determined to try to write shorter passeges from now on.
The resalt of my medical check up, is that my stomach had no problems.
Wish is most commonly used in hypothetical stuations.
So, you shoule keep a balance between work and recreation.
At work, every day you can spend at least 15 mintes keeping a detailed diary of what taske you do and how long you spend on them.
It is widely known that there are parents who are addicted to gambling and neglect thier children.
I hope the Japanese goverment draws up more stringent laws against gambling.
I'm a begginer.
Bcause I'm afraid
I'll open a packege of Karigane Kuki Cha,
I looked around several shops, but I wasn't looking for anything in paticular.
Thier talk is so funny.
It is a very convinience cooking tool.
The course cost was onry 500 hundred yen.
some intersting things.
Learnning English alone is already hard for me.
It is my favorite item of clothing! So I'm very sad....
Two small rice balls, an omelet, two steamed meat dumplings, boiled broccoli and tomatoes.
I answerd my boss I'm your ``right elbow`` or rather ``right arm``.
Now I am happy to be with my family, and close freinds
These sleds were my birthday persent from my parents.
Today, the werther is rainny..
I can't understand how the werther turned so quickly.
I think that the diary mabey have much mistakes.
so I decided to pracice a lot of English in a variety of ways.
Today I learnt something very dispointing in the news.
Corrently, I'm a senior in my university, and my major is Contemporary Culture (like Cultural Anthropology).
My english is like a child's, so I will just describy my day a little.
The promoters are not associated with the govermant or any national organizaton. They are just private space enthusiasts.
(suggestion) Recently, Ive been training for a full marathon of 42 km.
because all of the whole sentenses are (in the) past tense.
Do you know ``INUYASYA``, a Japanese anime?
A long time ago, there was a half daemon, half person, named ``Inuyasya``, and a priestess; who loved each other.
But they were trapped by a strong daemon and the priestess was forced to seal up Inuyasya.
They started a journey together to defeat the strong daemon who made the priestess seal Inuyasya.
Maybe it will help me to make a lot friends and to improve my English writting.
I live in Hokkaido, Japan. It's a norhen island of Japan.
I'm intereted in traveling abroad.
I've had great experince in these countries.
Though my English isn't good, I think I would like to make frieds!
From then, I bougt almost all of her released albums.
I relly enjoyed her performance???.
Today, I attended my English class performanced by our sunny foreign teacher.
There are a lot of podcasting probrams you can download free of charge.
I appriciate you visiting our website!!
I can intoroduce traditional culture.
Last time, I mentioned about my undergraduated days.
Actually the women's college which I guraduated from was in Kyoto.
It is a pretty historical and misterious place.
I heard that Kyoto's central city has been protected by a magic squere.
But actually this magic squere is used to hold monsters in.
someone beetles nails at Kifune-shurine.
never go and see the people pounding the nails nails at Kifune-shurine.
I was really jerous when I stayed at my friend's house and saw his faimily.
I feel like I wana be one of them insted of going back to my country, Japan.
There is nothing I want to own asside from a true family, unlike mine.
My parents sent me a pearl neckless and earrings.
Welcom to Lijiang!
I alived Canada in april.
Other information says that children who have imaginary friends may have advantages in terms of language ability and other inteligent functions (abilities).
There are many restaurants called Carenderia in Philippines.
I LOVE CARENDERIA.
They were about her name, age, what her favorite animal is, and so on.
I suppose that this is a defficult problem.
I found out there's a twitter account for Toasmasters International, for the members of Toastmasters.
In this sentence. ``I'm sitting behind my work desk and enjoyingthe beautifull weather outside.`` I think, that I can't say ``enjoying``, because its present continuous.
Maybe I havn't had enough patience.
Broadcasting companies are providing their TV programs through the Interent.
It will be an important year for me at the meanig of exchanging my life.
Someone hlep me!
I was immpressed with the fellow phrase written about Google co.
I can't understand any of the news broadcated on CNN.
If I didn't hear about this method, I wouldnn't have
But my writing and speaking skills are under-developping.
I hope Lang-8 helps me get some chances to improve at wrinting.
Fisrst, I'm going to vote and then enjoy strolling along the banks of Sumida river.
It will be lovly Sunday.
chiristmas vacation period
When last I heard their sooyhing chime.
Within the tomb niw darkly dweels,
That tuneful peal will still rinf on;
wowo! ``Death note`` is so wonderful!
And it will be two posts: english and japanise (because I should learn both of them).
But in septenber, I will go on a trip to Hakone with my girlfriend, Fujiko.
With it, I can talk to my calleagues and clients and send e-mail.
I learned about this website from a friend. I decided that it's a great oportunity to test my English skills, while at the same time helping others who need to improve their Chinese.
But it's too difficulut!
If you click the adress above, you can see a pregnant woman posing for a nude photo.
If your wife were pregnat, would you like her to pose for a nude photo?
If you were pregnat, would you like to pose for a nude photo?
I feel it is embarrassing for me but if my wife realy wants to do that, I will not oppose her.
In April, I have to work like a dog because of the settlement of acounting for the fiscal year of 2010.
But peole will remember me deeply.
I rethink my curret problem.
Another friend said that she was too lazy to do her homework and mentioned that she can wait to do it tomorow because she can turn it in on friday
hei hei.
The last friend I was talking to is from japen. She is really nice, too. She is polite and when I chat with her I feel warm inside.
However, it's a good thing for Japanese travelers and a bad thing for foreigners who travel to Japan.
Cheerly!!!
After reading this article---What Life Means to Me, I learned more this great American writer and I really admire his bravery, perseverance and deligence.
Although he finally found out the upper-class is not as good as he imagined before and then he decided to go back to his spirital paradise; however, he still achieved it.
He is another good example of '' once you believe it, you will achieve it. '' He taught me people should persuit the truth and what they want deep in their hearts.
After several times of failures, he began a frantic pursuit of knowledge to brcome a brain? merchant and then he finally made it. Bran merchant?
He read a lot and wrote a lot; he really was a deligent writer.
I have no exact answer now, but I will try my best to be brave, to be persistent, to be deligent and to live my life.
I was the yougest then all of us, but I couldn't play well.
First writting
She will go aborder to continue her studies.
But I was verry satisfied with
the bloom and after about an houre I returned to my house.
I wonder if I've got some iillness.
Rescently I really want to have macalon. (macalon?)
Both street are lined with department stores, high-class boutiques, galleries, theators, and many other trendsetting shops.
C: Is there a life lesson themself somehow?
I lost her strength and cheerfuness a long tme ago.
And I was somewhat ashamed that I never cared much for anime, because I thougt anime was something that only children and geeks watch.
But from now on, I need only 20 minutes by bycicle (to my knowledge bicycle won't be crowded).
Hobbies and inlterests
But nawadays there are many ways to thank mom.
I had to do a lot of laundaries, to make 3 bid meals, to clean up in wide rooms.
I faile the interview...
Two men were waiting for me, and the messager was there (too).
I forgot to writng a daiary yesterday.
So, I am going to write a daiary about a thing that I did yesterday.
The less I had was for fourty five minutes.
I have a question about an English expresstion I heard yesterday, which has nothing to do with YOGA,
I would like a neitive English speaker to answer this.
My question is: what is the defference between ``I know her.`` and ``I know of her.``
Anyway, I think I will have to stop thinkin about it and concentrate in order to get at least 580 points.
This will be the 1st time I take this examn, but hopefully, I will pass it =) Fingers crossed!
I could try activities that are imposible in usual days.
Playing golf in an uncrowded cource.
I had a lot of time to think about myself and my life, famly and job.
One week has passed since the greate earthquake.
I learned this word, Itchy and Scratcy, from The Simptons!
But because of I wanna create somethin new,
2 years ago, I watched the ``Club World Cup`` filals at Yokohama.
Writting a diary with English is not easy for me,
But I'll try it enjoybly.
I have thought about systems engineering, But the thought of staring at a screan and staying behind a desk is unbearable for me.
I think it was anemia or an epilepsy attack.
There are two guys who came to the company 3 weeks earier than me, and we are a team that came to China together.
As if by magic, even though I was gloomy and depleased, I became happy after changing my hair.
The air is dry in Jpanese winter, and even worse, Japanese people use a sticky nylon towel when washing their bodies.
Do you like cofee shops?
Today I went there witm my friend.
We don't have mamy tall buildings and it's not always crowded.
I'm in my last year of colleage.
What schould I do?
I like ``pasta Arabiata`` and ``pasta Carbonara``.
If she writes 1 script, she gets paid 50 milions won.
I don't think there is no value in enjoing friends.
Could you tell me the best place to vist in LA?
These days I have plety of work.
When I was an elementary school student, I was subjected to burrying at school.
One day I listened to tis song on a radio program.
I think, a yaer ago, had felt like quitting.
I was sleeeping until just now though...
I plaied Frisbee, ball and hide-and-go-seek with Rin in the backyard.
When I called my mother, I pushed my patienced to the limit, but I broke down& cried at last...
My mother just listend to me kvetch& and encouraged me.
Acutually, I met her last month in Vancouver.
Fortunately, my family and friends encourage me all the time, so I can get up the courage to find a new job, conuously submitting resume, attending interview.
I went squba diving in WAKAYAMA.
I got lectured about a license for squba diving including how to use a camera under the sea, how to explore the sunken ship and how to dive deeper.
Russina animation
It's a coludy Tuesday morning.
The door of the classroom was locked though, maybe because a group of studnets were presenting.
Public speeking
Tonight, I attended a public speeking club meeting last winter.
I think that Communication is the most important skill for living in sciety.
Many kinds of people are enrollmenting in the club.
It is like a bussiness people, college students, foreign residents, retired people, and house wives,,,,,,,
(but I will not be brackberry or Mac pc user.
patience was stronger thatn the tiger's.
Tokyo tower is a simbol of Tokyo, the light was turned off since the earthquake.
The strikken area is very hard to live in.
There is no Water, no electricity, no gus and no food.
Okey!
Good night and thnks for reading:)
Today I had a enjoyful class.
With abundant experience in clamping down smuggling, he shared some practical techniques like how to recongnize a fake LV bag, and distinguish shoddy China mushrooms outwardly.
It destroied many things, buildings, houses, and so many peoples 'lives.
At that time, I dindn't know how awful it was.
and at the same time, I saw japanese people have great, respectable manners evn if they are facing a crisis.
actualy, I don't know how the Japanese have grown our great manners, but there is one thing I'm sure of.
I will go to a dermatological dostor near my home.
Boogie pop unknow
This the latest in this seriez.
I have a lot of problems to solve at work which happend one after another.
I am very glad to be here for two reasons: I can find many friends here, and I can improve my English wiriting ability.
They were photos of thier graduation ceremony.
Thank you for reading my compotision.
When she first saw the present, she slapped and kicked me many times in fron of our common firends.
Aiso I didn't know why stress, intonation and rhythm are so important.
I just perchased one book and went home.
I will cherich relationships with students no matter what.
I think that If I can speak in other lenguages I can find a good job more easily than if I only know how to speak Spanish.
First day I met new people in the student's residence, a lot of people came from other nations such as Brazil, Corea, Turkey, Germany, France...
fter a long contemplating, I have decided to do a short business course at an institute in town, starting on Monday.
university cooperatives in the south asia resion.
Nice to meet you, everyboday!
English converstations.
First, I really would love to go to the Sarvadol Dalli museum because I'm a big fan of his.
But the attemp by the government to prevent terrorism before it happens may possibly infringe our freedom of thought.
Futhermore, if we allow the government to monitor our private life, we may not be able to trust our goverment under the strong surveilance.
At New Year's Eve many of japanese preparate for a good New year.
By the day we preparate a new year's dish, clean the general house and write new year's postcards.
I'm studying english and germany.
I wanna go stydy abroad.
This month, Haruki Murakami, one of the most famous Japanese contemporary novelist, published his new work ``1Q84`` and, as I anticipated, the book caused a huge sansation.
I belive so.
At first, we watched the DIU proglam.
The peron to be happy are you and I!
I think, photo can say more than senteces and can tel something which it can't explain with words.
I wish everyone a merry chrismas.
I'm wondering how to feed it; if it could be hached; can someone tell me how to keep a gecko?
In severe cases, hypotension, dyspnea, loss of consciousness, cyanosis cuould be observed.
The time jist flies.
I am from Taiwan. Has anyone heard of this coutry?
I am glad that I found this intresting website.
There is a cutom to eat sushi rolls on that day.
There are many things to see such as misterious stones, ancient tombs, very old temples, and very old shrines.
The first picture is the ancient tomb of Umako Sogano who was the strongest ministor in Japan at that time.
The second one is a misterious stone.
So they work a littile and, after work, some of them study for pursuing their future career, and others just enjoy their hobby.
At the end of April, I came to Hawaii to transfer to a universty in September.
So, I hope my writting gets better through Lang-8 and I make a lot of friends around the world.
I'm a japanease girl and a student.
4 papurika
The taste was OK and I think it is healthy and good for diet, because of not unusing oil.
Last week I bought/ purchased a personer computer.
I saved money for almost a year in order to buy a new personer computer.
It was my frist experience.
According to statistics, if this expiriment goes on, the most beautiful woman in Italy would occur after twelve times.
So I went to the supermarket this mornig.
That's why I'm studying Alabic.
I hope I am gon to get better soon.
The teacher showed many pictuers of the park near the school, such as ``adumaya (ramada)`` and ``hujidana (a wisteria trellis)`` and anwsered how they are used.
For exemple, there is a large park near his house.
The teacer asked ``Why is there a trashcan (or, gabage bin) in the park?``
``To put my gabage in it,`` someone answerd and everyone nodded.
Of course, I couldn't answer the qwestion either.
``You put gabage in the trashcan, in order to prevent blind people from stumbling and falling.``
The class was valuable not only to studens, but parents like myself.
I heard that there is a very big bueger in Lotteria. It is a famouse fast food chain in Japan or Korea.
But I'm little nervours becouse of my communication skill in English.
My friend who runs his own design company asked me to make project manegiment of the fashion brand project.
Nowadays it is said that global warming is alredy happened.
Recently I met various scinentist to asked about it.
Many scientists lie to get reserch's money or
I am thinking what shold I do to save our children
Why does it sound sophicticated if I put everything I want to say into words in Japanese?
I thought. What shoud I write at Lang-8?
First step in the lirning English
First step in the lirning English and I hope this internet service can help me in this interesting subject
This will be my first trip after I got my job, and every month I'm putting a lot of moeny in the bank.
I want to say ``thank you`` to my lang-8 frends. Thanks for your help!!!
One day, he found a mouse in his appartment.
I desided this year will be different, so I'll try to take the TOEIC test.
The trainning lasted from Tuesday to Thursday.
How becautiful the sky was!
It's awlful.
Another thing is that my friend and I were in the middle and high school studentmates, but we haven't been together for 6 years, before I came back to Qingdao.
I've wathed 'Samanta Who'.
her hourse 'I hope someday I can watch all english programs on TV without subtitles and rewinding.
The bad quality is cheaper but I think it's not always the right choise.
She made two differnt types of salad and then cooked some very tasty spaghetti.
I got to know her through my teacher, who teaches tea ceremonoy.
Fornunatery, I have several friends in their 60s.
When I went through a path to the Teaching Building and I saw a beautiful scener.
Anyway our school have this scener everyday during the winter.
Even though I can read and listen to enlish, it is difficult to write in English.
Listening to Enlish is easier than speaking it.
I went for a lunch with my collegue at chinise restaurant near of my office.
It is my first dialy.
it's not acceptable, so I told myself to score 730 or more on the next TOEIC test in the end of Decenber.
Although I only have about 4 months which I can use to increse my score, I think it's a good chance to improve my English effectively.
It is a prevailing sport which spreads in evey corner in China to the point that we call it a national ball game!
I can get a sense of chievement in this process.
That includes shaping their nail, removing cuticles, manicuring, reparing nails, and nail art.
At about 9: 30am, my homestay mate and I went to my classmate's flat beacuse we there was a christmas party. There were about 14 people from the same school but from different countries so we spoke in English. I think the party was good for us.
At today's party we prepared a lot of food. Sakiko tought me how to make muffins and she also made a pizza. Other people brought wine and juice. We chatted a lot. Today was a very good day.
Today, I taught how to apply makeup to a younger menber of my club.
Furthermore,_ I was praisd for my posture at a career fair.
Since I went to senior high school, I have been crazy playing basketball and paied much attention to the NBA stars, such as Michael Jordan, Kobe and so on.
I heard from my friends who said ``granvill iland was fun!``
So I went to granvill iland today.
Thank you very much for& nbsp; correcting my sentences, I really apriciate everyone's help.
I think we still feel the cold on the surfice of our face..
When most japanese people speak to someone who is older or they have met for the first time, they usally use the honorific.
As you konw, there is no way to know the answer and nobody can tell the truth.
But as far as I can see, most Japanese people are scared of hakers.
First Dialy
See you next dialy!!!!
I need to solve a lot of matematic questions and find time to study to the others subjects.
The farmers could get no cleart explanation about their animals and it's very unfortunate.
This is my second time writting a dailry in English, which is very scary and annoying to make mistakes. I want to improve my English.
Recently, more children like to eat fast food because they find it delicion.
Although, fast food is very tasty, we cannot often eat it because it is unhealthy for the body and causes conditions such as: obesity and high blood presure.
I went to Gotenba Outolet mall with my friend yesterday.
You need to do a lot of training with sking on powder snow if you want to reach the same level as you can with a snowboard.
The Fukushima nuclear power plant had suppliesed the city of Tokyo with ekectricity.
To learn about her character, I tried to see a interviw on YouTube about her but I could not understand it.
The next day, I felt sick and knew I had a faver.
Don't go to a hospital or crinic directly.
Second, If you are diagnosied as infected, stay home for 10 days at least.
``Doc, I know I'm OK, but I have to see a doctor under company reguration.
They're a waste of test kits and Tamiful.
Would you prefer that I send them by e-mail or convencional mail?
This is first time I've had to write in my jourmal since my son's two week spring holiday began on March 20.
If possibe, I want to study abroad so I hope you guys will help me have good writing skills.
I had saw the foreigner who imitate DRAGONBALLs charaster Gokuu.
I was glad about the foreigner who was completery absorbed in Japanese culture!
I was tierd.
Also drinking and eating under the cehrry blossoms.
I think most of the people went away to enjoy a vacance.
So, I am rilaxing now.
It was slightlt rude of him, wasn't him?
Hope everyone can give me some sugges to improve my English.
I just pretend to be happy, cheerful, and positive becuase I don't want to reveal my real pesonality to them and make the mood unhappy.
Anyways, many friends misunderstand me because of what I show to them. So, I just want to say to them that the things outwardly shown to you are not everyting.
Don't be obesessed with a bad side.
I'm dipressed with only one bad thing happened to me.
I'll be moving on Octorbor 24th.
I'd like not to watch some TV progeam but...
In the afrernoon, I went to class and my teacher was so angry at my classmates for being so naughty.
I told my teacher that her face was so perfect, especailly her smile.
First of all, the developed city in Malaysia is metropolitian Kuala Lumpur.
You can find a lot of churches, temples, mosqhes and Indian temples.
Malacca is a historical place which was colonised by the Portugis.
It is a very cool and humid place where the temperature can be as low as 17 degrees celcius.
And the theme park is facinating with its rller coaster.
the standardizaion of wages.
Howvery, it is very difficult for me, because January is
Due to the fact that thier faddiness, I was kinda worried about us going to that resturant becuase what they carry is very Japanese like I mentioned at the beginning!
So, I want to ask you how I shold deal with it.
Recentlly, they have appeared in dramas, movies and on the radio.
They fought for it, and a very skillful bird caught one piece in air.
I know he's only liked in France and Poland but serioulsy, he was a great man.
A good friend for me is someone who realzes my hard or happy mind.
They surve very super strong coffee.
And thanks to the caffein, I couldn't fall asleep till 2 a. m.
I want to buy a fulte or a piccolo.
That is for the French horn (with th piano).
Last year, I arrenged this song and played it with my fellow friends at a& nbsp; concert.
I've choiced a healthy lifestyle, which consists of early and fully sleep, and yoga and slow running.
She nodded and said, ``I want some pinapple.``
There are people at the conference who have good ideas for society in thier mind and they can explain these ideas to everyone in English.
I guess they would need to good mind be smart, good at public speaking, knowledges, and have some experience in the field for their presentation to be good.
Hi Justin, I'm your beggest fan Kate Min.
I'll going to watch the mouie in April, and if you come to our country I really am going to your concert.
We grilled pork libs and shellfish.
I ddin't say a word.
My friends colled me, but I was getting ready for an examine.
About one year ago, I enterd the university.
I don't like the ``TUYU`` because we don't enjoy playing outdoors.
Besides, to my surpraise, my friend also had her hair cut (looks like me!!) yesterday:)
I have learned that what is important for a culture to have vrious aliases.
Regarding my rencent situation, for a long time, about 6 months, it feels like nothing of value has happened to me.
I am a lucy boy with so many good people around me, aren't I?
BDI, the most important figure for maritime econemy, has fallen down more than 90%.
Naoto Kan, the Japanese Prime Minister regined yesterday.
Banri Kaieda candidater for the next Prime Minister election, so some people say that the next Prime Minister will be Mr.
The population reserch result showed that Mr.
He can speak some japenese words.
get him intersted in Korean language?
There is somthing haunting (in) my mind.
Some pest control staff came in and began the slaughtering this afterroom.
Pepole say, winter is the season in which people put on weight the fastest.
Do you Undertand?
What a coincidence that they both break up are not perfect with their former lovers and have the chance to get along with each other. then Finally, they find they are the ture pair.
I'm intersted in Barry Manilow's music.
There is a special excercise (?) in Taiwan called fishing shrimp.
They can help childern improve their language skills.
Maybe because of the differences of our caluture....??
It rained during the latter part of gorlden week.
By the way, are there long holiday like gorlden week in other countries?
Today, I went cycling to keep helth.
I am a littele bit stressed from my work.
However I am not used to writing a dialy.
I work at an insurelance company.
Please see Japanese peopel's power and cheer for Japan.
Luckyy!
I suddenly rememberd a family living in Australia, that I stayed with for only 1 week, about 8 years ago.
They rememberd me.
But we have drifted apart because we have mooved and changed jobs...
I think I can look for my lover among the peaople I meet!
I bought Mac eyeliner at Takasimaya.
Anyway, it was really exciting when Choi Min-minsik assembled the puzzles he got step by step.
At this time, I've also become hangry and sleepy.
I am practicing English for one year. I want to speak to people all around warld and make many friends!:)
In this fair, lots of EKIBEN from all over Japan are gethered,
so it was defficult to decide which ones to buy.
I will share these with my hasband.
As the test aims at bussiness people, the words and content are slightly slanted towards them and the field, she said.
I watched the anime of Ditective Conan yesterday.
Playing the guiter
I like playing the guiter.
I have a gut guitar and an electric guiter.
So, I usually play classical music or Japanese POP songs with the electric guiter!
I think that I should play the guiter everyday, but, I only play it two or three times a week.
When I watchYouTube, most people play the guiter with very nice techniques!
After much practice of playing the guiter, I'd like to upload my video someday...
G 'moring.
I was working on my thesis which is about the communication of rock music in china. I kept the mucsic-box on playing classical music.
There might be something I missed in reading this email. Do you think there is anything suspecious?
But I don't usually do famrmwork, so I was exhausted.
I never understood the correct aplication of the word: actual and/ or actually.
Now, I'm a fouth-year student, my English is now clearly better than it was, but I still can't talk fluently, or at least without mistakes.
I could finaly come to this site a few minutes ago.
we met in the Phillipin, when we were on vacation.
It's fisrt time for me to go there, and I am looking forward
I want to communicate wiht them by speaking Korean.
So if you are single and watching this video, dont despared, hopefuly you can get a girlfriend too.
G: Are you an extremily distant relatetive of his or something?
You're here to tell bill he's kcked off the insurance because he's too fat?
Bill: Hey Cashy.
BGF: No, Why is it so hard to belive that I'm Bill's girlfriend?
B: excuess me, Sir
B: see honey I told you greg's a good guy. Isn't he awsome?
G: I dont want to think about your good stuff bill ~ or your bad stuff, really any stuff, that, that involes you.
It's not pronounced like the word ``go``. ``Go`` is pronouced shorter than ``go``.
It got popular in Japan as even Shougun were once very addictid to it.
A long time ago, when I ws a student, I studied English for a university examination.
It was unneccessary in my daily life and for work to speak English.
So, I used to go dressed up as a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid about comic, manganime or japanesse culture with my friends.
This character is a boy, so I am going to have to do somethig to hide my breasts!
Everyone sitting around me didn't know it as well, so he was very suprised/ shocked...:D
There are rice fiels as far as the eye can see.
I love all the charactor, but I especially like ``Gori``.
Hlp me +)
Her friend, Kumiko, took Mie to an Itarian restaurant last Saturday.
Mie felt happy having such a good friend and family (Of course indcleded me).
I dislaike rain.
My microwave suddenly broke when I tried to warm a cup of milk this mornig.
It's rainning today
it's a interesting mov, in the movie have. two lives to choose?
the one, ordinary life, the person goes to school and gets merried and go to work.
Winning dansers performed in the TV Show.
``I was upset becaise you didn't show up yesterday``
This evening I went to the liberary to study English.
The rain in those prefacture is so heavy that the evacuation order was put out by the government.
And about four handred thousand Nigata peopel have been evacuated to a safe area.
If Prime miniser Hatoyama doesn't propose a good solution to U.
They had a good sport spirit that helped them all the way long throught this compitition.
Congratulations to all Egyptions!
How to slove problems like Maria?
I'm not interested in luxuary lebels like Chanel (although I'm fond of fashion!
The company will searh for your ideal person.
I just checked if you writted on twitter.
I stopped at a departmentstore_ store, and a shopping mall on my way to her house.
Both English class and Chinese class are tought by native teachers.
SHOPKO is one of the biggest shopping centers in Wisconcin, which is where I live right now to study English.
Therefore, I decided to buy juice at Shopko insted of from the old vending machine.
Au pair is famouse in Europe, but America doesn't seem like be.
If anybady (doesn't care) canto talk with me, could you help and advise me?
Today, I will talk about my opinion on culture diference.
As I showed you, art festivals are stlongly related to local people and contribute to stimulate the aregional economy.
Please try to look at the buildings, rooms and spaces around you carefully. You might notice there are actually hidden designs aroud you.
The buildings and arts you see will refine your sencitivity.
This time, I wrote and uproaded many entries on purpose.
But I'll uproad entries and keep my (regular) pace from now on because I'm (now) satisfied with this.
I was bored whith this.
In China, we contect other people by using QQ, it is like MSN in foreign countries.
It's more difficult than using lang-8. I don't know many speaken languages, and it is hard to use past tense, but on the other hand, it's more effective to learn English. Aha, maybe I'll use MSN more than QQ, haha. So, if you want to contect me, you can message me and give me your MSN address. Wow, another way to contect to people, that's very exciting.
In traditional culture, ciggerates are seen as a lubricant for personal connection.
Bar and restuarants owners don't want to offend their customers.
today I starded a photoshop class. I like photoshop
So I was impatiant, because I felt that I had to study English.
I had to drive slow in order to stay inside my lane, becuase I went over the lines due to poor visibility.
Althoug I konw my new school will have many anxious moments, and things to do, but I think I will study hard.
I've always known that I don't know get along well with my parents Becase we don't have much time to talk with each other.
Even if you don't know it, you are able to access more ditailed infomation easily than what I can explain
I went to science world today, Because I like science and I wanted to watch the LEGO exhibision.
Season 5 has 16 episodes, and one episode is alomost 45 minutes long.
Actually the storyline was really myeterioius...
I heard the final season is alredy available on DVD.
I often try talking with forgine people.
He said, ``Oh shit!`` He should be more cacreful.
I started having English lesston using Skype.
and think in English, wrrite daily in Engish.
I promised my frineds that we would perform (?) in church.
Our band is made of bass gutiar, acoustic gutiar, violin, piano, drums, electreecity guitar, jembe, cabasa, etc....
I think that if someone would help me get an English name, I would be vere happy. Thanks!!
Some people were runnig on the beach.
Tomorrow at 9: 30am, I will be studying at my university. We have had an 8 day vacation due to the Songkran Festival.
I had wanted to transfer to ICU or emergnency department three years ago.
I read the Economist, an English newspares, everyday.
I understand enough to hate some words that came from Franch.
Today's mannu was marbeld beef and beer!
I usually ask new students some questions before a Japanse trial lesson as below.
-Make a Japanese word using Kana charancter from the keypad.
I am humgry now....
I am happy if we don't have snow in winter because I don't have to clear thesnow. (It is taugh work) But it means the earth is getting warmer and warmer....
Let's think about it togeher...
I didn't even know what subjects I was intersted in.
My reccommend drinks are loyal (royal?) milk tea, green tea latte and cocoa.
First of all, It helps people become freindly.
Ahter sitting for a while, They played the trailers of ``New moon`` and ``Avatar`` that will be coming soon in December.
It is composed of 2 sections; one is the Listning test, and the other is the Reading test.
Now I have to dicide which course I will go with.
So I want to keep my dialy in Chinese.
Starting today, I will go to kindergarden School to pick up my son..
We have been invited to the wedding of a chrurch member, so we planned to buy a dress for that.
When we entered the Okonomiyaki restaurant, we were shown to the seat in fromt of the big window. (shouwed to the??) We could see the Doutonbori river from there.
Today, I went to Kyoto for my appintment with a doctor.
But I belive I can do it.
Generary speaking, a man might well think, if a woman who he proposed to eat out with is hot, that it is better for him to pay all because a hot woman who a lot of men consider to be hot might be used to being treated by other men, especially middle class men who have lots of money.
It is very important to keep trying be a good speaker, like a native speaker ogof English.
If you talk with poor pronunciation, that would give a lot of stess to your friends who are native speakers of English, because they have to
consentlate to understand your Engish.
Does everybody take two days offf during weekends?
Thus I take two days off irregulary.
On the other hand, it is propably true that a lot of places are not as crowded as they are on weekends.
During my break, a lot of my family members came to see me and I was realy happy about it.
Black music was center of my school days and I have repected a lot of musician.
Stivie Wonder, The Root, Roy Hargrove, Earth, Wind and Fire, Cypress Hill, Erykah Badu, Jill Scott, Donny Hatherway, O `Jays, Isley Brother, Big Punisher, Xzibit, and so on..
Actually, Nowdays, I have enjoyed Latin music like salsa, tango, son, bossa nova.
His rhytm is like jazz.
Instead, I'll send you a present spiritly.
Hello eveybody, my name is Stefania, and I am from Colombia.
I went to Colombia last year in my holidays and now I'm studing academic English to get ready to start fundacion in July.
It souns approximately like this:
My family and other family members were there and meny acquaintances came.
This cinversation benefited me.
kotasu and orenge
It is to be a pilot who operates a passebger plane.
My hometown is Okinawa, which is on the most southest island in Japan.
I had not been awared of this job, but as I look back on my life, that maybe has affected me.
The first one is to be employed witout any license.
I'm not surprised that Japanese won the award because Japanese tend to be strong in the animation area:) However, I think it's not easy for foreigners to get the award and I would praize his effort.
Now I understand why this website is so uesful.
However, I have a big dreame.
It's verry expensive..., so I have to save a lot of money.
Then it starts to smoke and cathces fire.
When I was in Ireland, I was in TV add for sumiroff ice in 2002.
I heard from my modeling agency that there was a TV adaudition for sumiroff Ice and I was successful in the audition.
I had been serching for it for along time, but I could find it.
So, I gave up trrying to find it.
I was at my friend's apertment and he was watching funny TV commercials from all over the world.
Then he was trying to serch for it and within 10minutes he finally found it.
So I look forward to seeing her again but they were busy to go to consert soon after arrived at my house.
They left for consert before I left for work.
When that happens, my pronunciation sounds very weired.
First reason is I can't come upe with next word to say quickly.
But after an exercise consisting of one sentense.
. I was able to understand that sentense just by hearing it.
Also, I don't (do not) mean I understood it because I previously knew the sentense.
I will continue the challenge of speaking becouse it improves my listening ability.
It was only today that I tought of this to improve my English.
In order to make my calss more interesting and professional, I spent a lot of time learning about the football game before the class.
Mom rase me.
Mom passed away in 2001. Our place became quet and empty.
I will do my best to pasiently write a daily diary in English.
I would like you to point out and give me a messeages if I have wrong sentenses.
Please contuct us!
For example, France-wine, Itary-Fashion, Taipei-computers.
I am so happy that my parents finlly agreed to make a cute kitten a
Firsty, they do not know the correct use of mobile phones.
But my mom always says, ``your mother language is not English so don't worry if you make mistakes.``
My English class teacher is a forigner.
My name is Junho and I'm koean.
and I studied english, listning, reading, and conversation.
This belief was formed and reinforeced in childhood every time he thought he was expected to do better.
um,,, the songs are very, very, very simmilar to each other.
Group singer's songs are very simmilar to other group singer's songs.
They should just love thier singers, and it should end there.
However, they shouldn't go as far as to wirte letters with blood.
I want to skayp with a friend.
(She opens the door) It's the vety, dear!
He studus Engilsh very hard.
Actually, I had brought my Japanease cellphone over with me which was already connected via a Canadian telecom company with a roaming facility.
Anyway I asked some cellphone stores in Southgate mall to compair terms and conditions for me.
My company has meny Japanese people working there.
I work as dntist's assistant.
People chase many rainbows but not all people can achive the goal of their dream.
Curry puting
It was ``Last Parade`` written by a/ the former supervisor at Tokyo Desney Land. [BLUE]
Maybe this book is not famous, but the cover is so beatuful.
So I really felt relieved when I heard that their family survived the Tunami, though two co-workers sadly told us that their family had lost their houses.
This area I live in has little risk of being affected by Tunami.
Because a lot of aftershocks are still happening, and also the government announced that we still have to be careful of a big afterquake on 17th March.
Plus, my work place is an old building and has gotten damage by the first eathquake.
I went there 5 minites early, but the only person there was a tour guide.
There are 6 girls who came from different provance, it's very intersting.
Sometimes we have a little trouble or misunderstuding, but most of the time we treat each other like sisters.
What an extraordinary feat of human descovery
Because it's a basis for everyting in our lives.
I read that people could not travel freely exceot for regious purposes in ancient times.
A new shopping mall openned near my town.
As soon as we arrived at Nara station, we went to a Kiomo shop to rent a one for the day.
Recentry, many people have been visiting here.
Ther adventures were met by many troubles but they never gave up.
I think I'm very sensitive to other people's reactions, especially facial expressions, and I unconciously try to read their emotions through them.
I try to smile at them becaus I usually wear a blank face except with my close friends.
so if English wasn't the global languguage, I probably wouldn't like it.
Although we didn't go out a lot recentlly, we went to the beach almost every day when I was in high school.
It was 40000 yen, which was actully better than I thought I would get.
I hav an entrance exam the day after tomorrow.
My friend said that Lady Gaga produced a purfume that has a very complex odor.
I hav so many things I want.; (
everyone, hav you bought anyhing recently?
He has a glove and some balls, so we dicided to buy a baseball bat for his birthday gift this year.
With an endothermic reaction, if the temperature is increasing, the reaction will progress rapidly and the tield also will be increasing.
My name is Aleksey& Im'm in charge of my company's website.
The doctor ASCRIBEDth the man `s death to driking too much.
Melborne is a good place in Australia,
I do really like to try the food from differnt countries.
Specilly Thai and Vietnamese food. They taste sour and hot, (and) I love them.
The second thing I really like to doin Melborne is going to the supermarket,
That's my life in Melborne:)
I look forword to going to Europe!
First, I saw it in English with no subttle.
I always dream in former way, but one of my firend does in latter way, I heard before.
hello, everyone, I'm very excited to write my diary here. the most important thing is that I can share my experience with all of you and practice my English writting skills at the same time!
I should examine what has the most value in my mind, buisiness, interesting fields or my girlfriend.
I recetly had wanted to get an MBA abroad and searched some information about it.
I'll endever to improve my grade point next year, but it'll be difficult.
I heard from my collegue that Korean children studies English speaking and listening well.
Therfore, most young Koreans can speak English well.
My hobby is playing tennis and travering all over Japan.
The purpose of my traver is to make friends in a foreign country.
Thak you for your corrections& comments everytime.
Thank you for your masseges.
We are ging to Tokyo.
So we dicided about free activities.
The picture is really nice but I can't show you it here becuse the picture is really big so I can't upload it on Lang-8 and
I have staied at home with my nepewn (?)
They are watching a moive while I am writing my dairy.
My father just came back and I saw he bought some somthings for us.
He likes to buy the sweets for my nepeaw and I hered my mum coming to my house, because I heard her motocicle/ bike.
My family are (really) nice and I felll really happy to be born into my family.
February 5th is the day that her new moive 'Kitchen' will open.
Unfortunately, her acting is not impressive and it is hard to see her improvement when compared with former moive she has been in.
Yeah, we could go, but even if we did, we would not be able to see very a beautilf view...
I set up the intruments for the English language school last night.
As for me, I admire Tciolkovski.
Tciolkovski believed that mankind would not remain on Earth forever.
We've spent several hous walking and chatting and then went to a restaurant.
Reacently, I read the 'Norwegian Wood' wrote by Haruki Murakami.
so I'm writting using only my left hand.
Why was I tring to stop the books from falling down,,,,
I read about 'The Ica stiones' on the Internet.
The famer brought it from the cave he found it in, and said there were a lot of stones in the cave.
I need someone who lives in Sapporo and originaly from USA.
Tell me the rignt answer plz!
When you belive in that thought, what happend to you?
I want to make friends with peaple from other countries.
Merry Chritmas
so, a greeting of Merry Chritmas first!
But tommrow is the last day of vacation this week.
My aching waistache has annoyed me for a few days now.
People write about their life, what they like to do and their philosophies. They also post questions that they have, introduce themselves, share their love stories, their plans for the future, news topics, sentment about videos, etcetra.
I olso give an oseibo to my relatives.
Toaday was very cold.
I have been waiting for it almost all schoolyear year
In September I am going to start learnig French.
So in my free time I read a lot about my favourite subjects-History and Geagraphy.
The sistem of the plants was badly damaged.
I deeply appreiciate to their actions.
And, I also appreiciate the aid from other countries.
And I thought this old man was thiking the same way.
So the young man said 'I'll crush you!' and he avanced forward with his motorbike.
Fortunatelly the old man wasn't hurt.
Immediatelly the young man punched the old man on the head.
Hello, this is my fisrt visit to this site.
I'm studing Japanese to become a Japanese teaacher.
So today I visite here.
There are a lot of smart and rich peole or handsome and sociable people.
But hundsome and smart people are rare!!
Dontn't laugh!
Now (Because of that), I'm worryinh about whether he's looking at this entry.
I also think that my frind gave me a chance to look at me who I am. That's how I felt.
I had (some) special monents there, especially the sunset at deck of Enoshima lighthouse I can't forget. (word order)
Well, thanks for asking. I probablely don't know. I mean I think I know, but I am afraid I am the one who doesn't understand me.
I used to think night shift is scarlly
* Following sentences are qouted from the book*
They have come to japan for vorious reasons, but, for whatever reason, they have chosen to live in japan.
But she seems to make people happey and gives powar.
It showed humansim, love, faith?
So I was really dispointed with Dr.
I was not an excepiton.
My home and car is covered with snow. The snowscape is beutiful.
When you order food, if you say you don't want onions in your dish the cook will think you are too particular-and we aren't really considerate of vesiterian either.
When I cleaned a keybord, I found something dirty.
I went out with my collegues to a curry restaurant.
Questin: why the ``note`` is ``noted``, not is ``was noted as``?
On 4 November 1922, Carter found the steps leading to Tuankhamun's tomb,
Questin: Why the ``lead`` is ``leading``?
I decided to help someone leraning Japanese every time I receive a correction.
Located in the middle of the Kyoto City and near the subway station, makes it really convinient.
That was unbilievable.
Tukizi is famous for its fish auction and there are many street stalls. We can buy raw fish, smoked fish and salt etc.
Cherry blossom is not only important for theentering ceremony but we use that as the place to drink alcohl.
If you come to Japan, you will see the people who drink alcohl near thecherry blossoms.
I hope to make frengs with you.
I appreciaate him and wonder what's going on.
Furthermore,_ I see a man behind him is tring to torture him.
Theseday days, I heard that some universities accept Enken 1st grade and pre-1st grade as proof of language proficiency.
I hope to studty at ABC University as it has an excellent faculty.
Also, they have the lowest persent in computer game downloads.
Art students spend the most money to download music and videos, and almost 90% of them have purchased music on the internet, which means arts students seem to be the most familier with online shopping.
The Mistery of Italy
``Why do Italians worry (so much) about deatals?``
But I was suprised that there were so many grafic on the walls, in the trains,
Is it that way in sicilia only
or everypart in Italy?
I hope to find out ``Why do Italians worry about deatals?``
Italians are misterious/ a mystery for the serious Japanese.
It is now midnight and I'm writing this diarly.
Iced trees on the lidgeline were lit by the crystal clear morning sunshine.
Accully we did not know yet what we would like to buy, but I know she likes to cook and read books.
This is my first time logging into this intresting website.
One day, her neighborhood came to her house and asked to give him the ducks.
I don't have a car, but I think it is very convinience to use a car.
Big domestic companies still want people who graduated from famouse Japanese universities like Tokyo University, Waseda University or Keio University.
In the market, everybody can taste some food, for example fruits or vegutable.
He told me that he was afraid to be dropped from the boad and drowned because they played on it.
I study Enplish hard too.
Now I'm working in an university as a resercher.
Well,, many Japanese Teache use direct method by which teaching Japanese by using Japanese only in Japan.
But, I think not many Japanese teachers has experienced learning a lnaguage through direct method.
They said ``If other plants shutted down we couldn't provide enough power.``
Today I baby-sat my two-year-old niece because my sisiter-in-law went to the beauty shop to have her hair cut.
wmm....
It was a test where I had a coversation with foreighnor.
Today's box luch is soy-ginger pork.
Hellow!
That's why I Istudy hard.
My ftiends wrote a comment about my diary!!
By the way, what do you think would be the best way to learn lingos.
I have a gift of palying music, but I have to learn another profession because of my parent's expectations.
But after this morning, there were a lot of things that happnded suddenly.
I think I am an emotionness man.
To be honest with you, I am going to visit Canda on Sept 24th.
As you may think, Ajjusting to another culture requires so many things and time.
Comparing to before, I think my English has improved, especially writting.
After I come back to japan in December, I will resume writting essays here.
This is my homework, I welcome anyone to corret it.
There is only one reguler bus service that goes to work.
When she was walking along with a wall in her house, she lost her balance and fell to the floor on her buttocks, which caused the actual compression fracrture.
Beecause of it, she was hospitalized and diagnosed with bilateral iliopsoas muscle abscess.
Children grow up quiqly, so now she runs with friends!
First dialy entry
I have to do a lot of experiments and resarches every day so I have no time to do what I want.
Last Sunday, he had work and I went to droiving school.
After that, by the time he mailed me it was arleady 7pm.
I have just received a letter from my friend Janadab.
Thank you, Janadab.
Even during my vacation, my collegues had been working and had sent me a lot of e-mails, my inbox tray was full of unread ones.
Dier friends!
It was a bargein. Many things were so cheap.
I heard that other countries are diffrent.
And now, the deadend of my report is coming soon...
I saw ``AVETER`` the other day.
I 'm poor at English and Garman.
In the show, there was a woman who brushed her teeth after eating breaksfast.
I forgot to ask you some questions eariler.
I don't have any paln to take a day off so far but I want to make sure just in case.
I have many frends living in shizuoka.
But, I slepped in the bed and when I woked up, I did homework for cram school!
We ate lots of chikin ^-^
I like the landscape after rainned days.
I like how it draws a smile on my face and makes me think of many thinkings???
I miss my mother and my father, university is different from hige school. I can't come back home often.
I also miss my boyfriend. Next year he will go to amerrican to study. If the time could go backwards. I would study hard so that I could go with him.
For one thing, I hope the holiday comes quickly. But I am also afriad... because it means that he will go away sooner.
More Wanted and Less Gotton [* 1]
Of course, it's not the same with everybady.
After all is said and done, wouldnn't we just be primates?
I have a alot of work to do even at weekends.
Yestoday I went to the library and borrowed a book about spoken English.
someonw help me!
But, there is a considerble problem which is privacy.
However, I think it is ok to not be checke by others
I am a vterinarian.
I live in Osak, Japan.
I expect to enjoy studyng English.
existng outside the mind; based on facts that can be proven
based on your own ideas or opinions rathar than facts and therefore sometimes unfair
Ichiro, Japan's most famous baseball player, is often said thet he is excellently skillful at analyzing himself very subjectively.
it is a very modren house.
In her letter, she siad if I would come to Canada, I could stay with her.
I has never been to Canada, so I am very eager for my next hoilday ~ ~ ~ ~
Greek mythology, classic mythsthe, Norse mythology and Journey to the West.
What I mean is, I do have enouhg time to read a book.
Tonikght we'll sleep in the tent and watch the shooting stars hoping that the sky is clear of clouds =).
I am staving, so it's defficult to sleep.
They have done a lot to help poor peaple, like adopting many children and they have achieved so many things. They have ambitions and clear thinking in their life.
Next, stretching and sinple working out.
I met some students who came from America to my school and I taked with them.
We walked through hallways, steps and food cort.
I was really scared becouse I couldn't know where I am heading?
I was warried about my son, because he went to the hospital with his mom to have a medicine of polio.
But, thet pie was not delicious.
I'm staying in Dublin with my hostfamily and I have an Italian homemaite.
I am writting this to ask you something.
Shound I give up some tasks or put them to next day?
yuuta aka paris hiluton.
Our task was complished smoothly, and I hope that I can participate in the following lab work.
If I knew about this, I would have said the first one intead.
Could you explane about auxiliary verbs?
in a forein hotel!
I had not droven in Australia before, so I had to be careful.
All presemt day politicians should watch it.
Seita is hero of this story. His father was a Japanese naval officer, so he was not at home but fighting at sea. (I guess his father had already died in the war but his family didn't know yet.) He lived with his mather and little sister named Setsuko.
He was living in Koube which was a big city in Japan at that time.
Of course the American army bombed Koube as well.
When his family tried to escape from the bombing, his mather got invloved by the explosions.
Also, his house was completely destroyed by the bobming.
His lifeless body could be seen at the dirty and gloomy Koube station on the left screen.
Many Japanese people who were in right screen completely forgot these historycal facts, and they enjoyed luxury and busy lives in a big city.
I'm really, incredibly, abusolutely tired now.
Today I found a difference in the value placed on meals between American and Japanese poeple.
But, my American colleagues buy sandwiches or a humberger with a drink and then eat them at their desk or at the cafe space in our office.
So, they prepared samdwiched and drinks for us and we continued with the meeting while eating them.
American probably think the opposit of how I feel feeling.
I think we shouldn't think lerning a language is so easy.
Finanlly my side was opened and I became free..
Since the 11th of March when the East of Japan was hit by a big earthquake and Tunami, three weeks have passed.
She sed that you can contibute; money is OK and you can do other things like go to visit to the Tohoku district some day.
Don't neglet your gums, too.
I'm studing English.
I think I can run now, but it's raining outdoors, unfortunatelly.
I was going to meet with my friend at about 2 o 'clock today but my mother called. I must help her do some somthings and go somewhere.
I must cancle my appointment with my friend.
These days, some Asian movies are remade by horriwood.
I think, for American people, the horror of Asian movies is kinda taste (?) and fresh compared to that of America's and its movies have a lot to do with diffrence of culture.
In short, I got dpressed with the lack and diffrence of story of remakes of Japanese movies.
Plase teach me your langeage.
I heard a can of sardines was heartrier than other sardine cookings.
But today I heard that sardines were hertriest when they were canned.
had been sold out at stores until recentry.
And could anyone tell me which is more delisious, an oiled sardine or other sardine cookings, if you know?
That was in 2007, in April, and I studied English for 10 months in Grande Prairie wich is in the north part of Canada.
I had an incredible time and really loved my expreince there.
Ryo Ishikawa won the tournament by 58 stroks
it's a traditional and beautiful town though, near Ropponngi.
I am so busiy these days, and I feel so tired.
Because we are lacking in the learning stituation.
I Ibegain learning it recently.
I can only hope that I can get a great imporvement.
We had a drink (cocktail) party with our cowokers.
I could relax and comunicate with poeple who I had not talked to before.
As a chinese person, at any rate, we should be happy, becouse it is being held in our country, our city that we are familiar with.
The ending is not particularly clear and we have to wait the squel.
I begin writing the dialy in English
So, I begin writing the dialy in English ^ ^
The belated farewel party is to be held this evening.
Actually, the farewel party is for a co-teacher who moved to another school last April.
I was suprised and very glat that my friends sent me text mail to say happy birthday.
I'm going to study English every everyevening.
every erymorning and every night, you will get beautiful skin.
Appled for a passport
I met my old frieds in Kyoto
Staying in Kyoto is very comfortable for our family, I don `t have to care about radiation, blackouts and aftershakes.
Do you know Cryril?
He marvelously returned a dead bee embedded in a 5000-year-old amble to life in a jade market and cooked instant noodles with cold water.
We decorated with gohsts, bats, witches and more!
First, we got togeter, and then we walked around to get some candies.
She is 177 centimaters tall.
I'm 160 centimaters tall.
So I dicided to restart writing my diary in English.
And then I went to work after luch.
16 students have caught the flu in a class where ther are 30 sudents.
Unforetunaly, I have a lot of chances to touch children and get viruses.
I have to protect myself, so I wash my hands and gargle evry time when I go back home.
On this New Year's Day, I'm spending a plesant time with my parents.
Finally I hope that everyone has a plesant time in this year too.
Recently I happened to find that itunes has many internet radio staion channnel in its menu.
Itunes 'list of is good, and almost all of the staions are now in service. So, I can hear many different music jenre.
I am 22 years aold right now.
I was 21 years aold 3 month ago..
Farst, I must finish my report.
(Fiton is bedding.)
I felt like I should take some picturs.
Fortunately, I had a camara in my purse, so I took lots of pictures.
Tpday in Korea, There was a strong typhoon.
Because of their way of life they constantly need new things, but it stays pratically the same: rock, wood and so on.
Nowadays, there is more and more advertizing about protecting our planet as a refresher course (of paper and empties of anything...) what?
It's a wonderful city owening beautiful sightseeing spot and brilliant night life.
I'm 31 years old and I have been working at the same hospital for 12 yers, Therefore I worry a lot about going abroad.....
The Microbiology department at Tokyo University has just reported that helocobacter Pylori, which is one of the causes of gastric cancer, makes protains that camouflages human protein structure.
Pylori injects ``CagA`` cartinogenic protein into cells in human body.
CagA camouflages as pragumin, and then it bainds host enzymes.
As a result, it induces abnormal cell dibision of host cells.
The typical place is in a shurine.
Leisurable evening
After eating, we went to Dante Coffee, and stayed untill 9 o 'clock.
After advancing to the second round, I was sure that Japan would beat Paraguay and go forward to the quaterfinal.
I want my hair to be like Bradpit Pitt's..... is it impossible?-_-;
He said he wanted to go to ``Yakushima (in Kagosima)``
My parents 'family are living in Kagosima.
They are resistered by World Heritage.
I bring news about two major satellites named the ``AKATSUKI`` and the ``IKAROSU``.
The ``IKAROSU`` is from Greek mythology.
Obon (japanees custom)
I believe that Japanese subculture, which includes anime, comics and video games, etc., is a very strong industry in the world market because so many young peaple enjoy it. [/ BLUE] The market size of Japanese subculture is bigger than that of other intdustries in Japan.
I think the Japanese gorvernment should support the globalizaion of anime as a strategy for economic growth.
It happend again... There was an earthquake of magnitude 7. 4 on April 7th 11: 33pm JST in Miyagi.
It happend again.
NHK is broadcasting that the newclear power plant of Fukushima# 1 is alright
but they are using deasel generators there.
I should have separeted them in two parts and I should have made it twice...
I add it to tomato sauce or curry sause as a hidden flavor.
Becouse I am new, at first I was not able to do very much. I sat in front of the computer and smiled at my colleagues when they passed by me.
Later, I squeezed out the excess moisture and topped them with some cubes of cream cheeze.
I think cream cheeze really goes well with Japanese pickles such as cucumber and radish leaf.
Lang-8 is very nice sistem for people learning languages.
The countries where I have traveled to are Italy, Spain, Combodia, New Zealand and the USA.
I've been studying English and I have to translate the sentense below. However, I can't understand why they use the Present Perfect tense in a last line.
I love the San Francisco Giants, because I think 'Great Diffence' is the best thing in baseball.
Last year, the Giants won the Worldseries Series, so I'm looking forward to this season ^ ^
Also I'm sleepinng (^ ^;)
Let's alsotalk about Hormes, Robert Downey Jr., Jude law, and so on!
Drop-outs and high school, college or universites graduates account for about a quarter (23. 8 percent) of jobless youngs in the age range of 16-29.
The problem of job placement for unemployed graduatings must be solved.
vadminton.
In my class, the best vadminton player was my friend.
and teacher called me and I was approched by the teacher.
My friend had a baby last manth.
Whem I told her,
``I want to have some forien friends!``
I only have a few foreign firends on Skype, so I hope to make more of them there.
A tyhoon is coming close again.
They are very funny, wheh I was watching I couldn't stop laughing out loud.
He is my fav acter.
In Japanese martial arts including sumo and kendo, the practitiners can maintain their balance and respond quickly to opponent's attacks by shuffling.
Yse, it looks like a fuman face!
But I don't know how to start conversation with straingers.
What makes it my favorite thing?
Firstly, There are many interesting games for the PSP flatform.
It is now Dechmber 26th. It's my great leader, former President Mao Zedong's birthday.
She has dicided to take the shells which she foud home.
My wife let them wtite it.
Yesterday I lerned about ideoms.
And now I know the meaning of some ideoms.
If you like, please teach me ideoms.
ex) it's raining ccats and dogs!
Today our teacher gave us our own photo albun ^-^
Though the price of plane ticket is not so much expencive compared to those of other countries (minimum 45000yen = $ 450 for Narita <-> Moscow), the process of taking visa is complex.
I was singing unhappily, whle other members were all singing very happily...
Taday I almost stayed all day in the library and read books, which made me happy.
I hope I can visit Koreaan some day and experience the original culture.
Prepair the presentation.
I always think that I am not intelligent when I prepair presentations.
I wonder if I will ever be a genious, but what I can do now is make an effort.
Cheryy blossoms
But it was good to go to a popuar spot for Cherry blossom viewing.
Japanes spirit
I guess the Japanese surprised many foriegn countries.
How could they achive the growth?
They had realy strong hearts.
Our Chior conductor cooked delicious foods for us.
It is my barthday soon!!
My barthday is this month.
But, I have not started stading Spanish yet.
l felt sorry for these acts. It also tells me an important message, that the society has changed. As society memberswe, we have a duty to prevent these sorts ofacts.
Recentry, I have been learning how to pronounce English words.
What dou you think would be a good theme to write about?
I had not really noticed that my father was getting old, but I saw a very shocking thing sevral months ago.
Because summer is comming soon!
I felt an irresistable impulse to eat some cheese cake yesterday, and I couldn't suppress the urge, so I went to a patisserie nereby.
I know, I souldn't have, but I just had to.
The Miod-Autumn Festival is a family time.
There was a very serious earthquake and Tunami in Japan.
So, when I hear it in Japanese, I feel unconfortable.
The sight frightended and depressed me.
I had to look for another one and walked a few mimutes from the parking lot.
because I tir easily snice I got my night duty.
And afterwards they will think about my apploch to my boss.
After all, tomorrom is another day.
It sould always be a pair right?
All Japanese Beef Sould Be Inspected
I'll try to reviw my past entries.
I think that many Japanese people can't seak English.
That's why it was difficult to show us the dolphin's and seal's perfomances!
Some friends say that I'm witty but not every time, because sometimes I'm a little conceited, not because of my extremily self-confindent, but bacause I like to share my achivements.
Concerning books, I read all kinds, but I'm really critical with books without a good porpose or those lacking criativity.
My yanger sister cooked it, but it was not nice (good).
yes it makes me excitied when I buy new things
I get used to new appliances very fastly
it makes me excitied because it feels different
This is Jessy's beartiful but sad song from Toy Story 2.
What do you reccomend? What is your favorite music?
What other phrases can you use insted?
I don't think all Singaporian are lazy.
* Sho-chu is a kind of Japanese traditional sake, alchole.
One friend adviced me that counting sheeps would work, but
Another friend adviced me, ``Imagie winning the lottery and imagine
I will learn how to pronounciate English by watching the American drama 'Friends'.
I will be able to improve my pronounciation, English skills and learn their culture.
The first writting in a quite while
We cook many kinds of ingredients like seafood, meat and vegitavles.
Deal with a hectice schedule
next week I only have one in one subjiect.
I live in Sankt Petersburg.
This city is the nothern capital of Russia.
But I don't to go nail salons, I like to do it myshelf because I can create any patterns I want.
Of courese, I have served as a leader before, when I had group a preject in colleage.
There are many books which are related to leadership and my companies want applicants to show their special leadership exprerience.
So, what would be a special leadship experience? Although jumping at the chance of becoming a leader is for some people second nature and very easy, other people have difficulty expressing their leadership style.
I could not wrrite a diary entry because I could not use the internet.
Starting today, I will wrrite a diary every day again.
I'm thinking of joining a English club that is held near my uneversity.
I don't know why but the internet was realy slow.
The first meeting with someoen for langage swap
When I was styding, I could hear my parents laughing from next room.
Leon drinks milk, pland orchids, and irons his own clothes
Pease try it.
By the way, I've heard that people who don't live in Japan tend not to like eating octpus.
Octpus is a sacred life, isn't it?
I also found out that my friend who was missing from the area most effected by the Tshunami survived!
I was so sleepy when the teache was speaking.
I am interested in forest landscapes, and went everywhere in Japan to see beautyful forests.
They were all the most beatiful forests that I have ever seen!
my hoobies
I like adventure books and almoost all fimls, my favourite plan is an evening at the cinema. I really like going to concerts and listening to music too.
It's a hard thing to remenber so many words and sentences.
Luckly, every Chinese student needs to take English lessons, and this is why I can speak English.
Anywhy, I'm glad to see so many friends here.
I was satisfing both my heart and stomach.
At the same time, I of course konw, I am not a easy woman to get along well with.
Hi all, I'm Midory from Hokkaido, a northest iland of Japan.
People are nice, beaches are beautifl, and Okinawa food is awsome!
Com Master which measures my Internet skil.
Many costomers are also better informed about procedures and precautions (including confirming that their doctor is an authorized surgeon).
So the short tirp helped make me feel refreshed.
Acuallly, I broke wind when you turned on the air conditioner. ``
But If you read many books in a foreign lanuage, you can memorize a lof of words, even though you feel it is hard to understand it when you read the book.
and Itook a blood sample fromeight peoplo.
because I really appriciated them.
(The corection depends on if it's helpful or not.
and I've often made misspelings in Japanese.
I just wanted to write English naturaly.
My main mission is to present the situation in Japan to our US headquater.
I have no cofidence in my English, even though I'm teaching it to children.
Besides that I'm plannning to take the pre1 level of EIKEN this winter.
This is a comic magagine that is published once a week.
Nakata had an accident when he was an elementary student and he became illieracy.
Frist contact
When I was a child, there was a caton movie named Ikyu-san.
However, I study English almost every day, and that maight even be considereda preparation for. the test.
Last year, I had a spcial memory in Au.
Some of my friends prepared the dinner together, and then we celeabrated that special day and played games.
Nowadays, I've come back to Taiwan and have alreay got the job.
Some of my colleagues are almost 50 years old so it's difficalt to have the same interest.
On the way to home, I was cought the rain
My daughter was worried about her unbord baby.
I was surprised and releaved to hear the news.
I often see it. so I asked my month (mother) where the cat had gone? My monther answered that the small cat was dead.
My monther pointed to my son and said, your son killed the cat.
At frist, I don't think I should have any concern, when he/ she ask for assistance, but it's becoming more and more frequent...
I wonder what I should write some articles for my dialy entreis.
After the test, I was depressed. Not because of the reslut of the test, but because I was disappoinment in myself.
Expensive Jasmin Tealeaf
In particular, I like jasmin tea.
It's different from normal jasmin tea.
It's more expensive than any other jasmin tealeaf.
We didin't talk much.
For much of the time we sat in slience.
You know Japan is a small island so many Japanese people don't ever need to speak English and they rarely meet Americans. This is supecialy true in rural Japan.
The world has changed the culuture surrounding language aquisition, and of course in Japan too.
It is also my favorate animation.
Today, I introduce my favorate movie.
I couldn't review my former lesson, but I colud take the lesson well.
So I am booking lessons with them now, but I'd like to book a new teacher who works within an online Engsish school.
It `s unbeliebable!
I want to say to all of you-if you want to achive something in your life you must study a foreign language.
in additon, I seldom exercise.
I decided to start exercising regually.
I almost didn't see the movie becuase there was no one able to make the time to see it (with me).
-Woh kaunsa chhuri hai?
I just had a cuple of tea!
It was very nice morroco tea.
so I'm looking forward to spending my 17th birthday in foreigne country.
But it isn't related to being a vegitarian or not.
one of the pvivate schools here in Thailand.
It's my heart's desive to know English.
Yesterday night, I drunk with my colleague who retired from our compny last October.
For example, how to work effcient, how to communicat effectively with junior partners and my boss, and more.
Hate means far awy, and teruma means coral in Okinawa's dialect.
Did you have a experience that you couldn't see the horizon regurally becouse of waves, and jump up from your seat like a roller couster.
He and his friends made capcakes in the night because of White Day.
but, it's usefull.
Children are not good at langage.
The seventh personality is a optimistic, active and fast moving like Peter Pan, who wants to be a small child foever. He love adventure, he hates engagement or enforcement from other people, hence he will have many alternative ways for joyful living.
This advertisemant introduces the origin of this brand.
If anyone can also introduce me to some interesting activeties, places or stores to go around, I might not stay in my house and get bored all the time.
Also, driving a scooter here seems to be too crazy as I might be the only one using this type of miniture vihicle and could easily get hit without being seen compared with huge cars.
I sterted studying English when I was 12 years old
Are they idtentical?
If you visit Kagawa, plese eat udon!!!
The good thing about this, is that if you want to change weather you can just wait, or drive like 15 minutes and you'll find a warmer or a colder place, wich is kind of awesome.
So, I make my living by the scolorship and savings.
My wheight is now 63kg
now I'm preparing for physics at university-there are no tests for enteringin this course, but I want to try for a scolarship so I must study hard.
it's very difficoult to take, but I have to try...
obivuously, 12 plus 4 is 16, and the 17th was Giulio, Anastasia's boyfriend, whom arrived in the middle of the vacation and left before.
He can crawl very quickly, and he can stand up while hoiding on to something lately.
He is eating oatmeal and mushy (mashed?) vegitables twice a day.
If it is a successful YUINOU, you can marrige eachother.
It is a South africa girl who is very hungry and thin, she finds water or food in the wild, but she can't take any steps because of loss of physical strength.
I always talk out loud to her, I'm being impatient with her, and I thingk she can't takegood care of herself.
Now, I heard that sake is more popular in forign countries than in Japan.
underwent it rencently, it's hurting so deeply, when can I forget this and begin a new life?
I'd like to say not to change the figure model, but some structual change is OK.
A Japanese company annouce that they will use English as the official lunguage for their company.
The chances of using English is increasing with globalization, so I think this is a good chalange for a global company.
So it is urgent to raise environmental awareness amongst the general public and do something for ourslves from now on.
Christmas is near, I will have three days off (not go to work), as a friend of mine invated me to go their home.
Besides, he has a lot of questions toask me about cumputer stuff.
Maybe, I should buy the ticket tomorrow afternoon, beacause I'm afraid that I will not get the ticket on christmas 'day.
And I'm studing Chinese.
But my first task was studing, I couldn't sleep in the class, so I decided to do homework quickly so that I had more time to sleep.
That's very intersting to me.
This afternoon we had heavy snow, whic looked like there was a snow storm in Osaka city.
I felt so stupid when I foud it in my bag after I got to my destination.
I thoungt someone could have written a comment to my diary.
I can wantch cartoons all day and I don't fell humdrum.
The one I like the most Jom and Jerry or Mickey.
I like the websit.
I really enjoy the websit.
Native people reviseing will be very useful.
The trafic was very heavy and we couldn't move any further on the way.
with no other choice, we gave up on the idea. So we parked our car and decied to watch it from the road.
Finaly, we found a good place place, but we could see only half of the firework display.
In my case, a great advantage is being able to see that information written down because you can analyize all that writing and then answer it.
So I decided to go sports gim constantly.
At present I am able to go gim 3 or 4 times per week.
It makes me feel worried due to trafic problem and so on.
Maybe he has to write a long and boring essay, maybe he has to find a job, maybe he is suffering from a disease, maybet he just lost all his money...
I even feel nausia when it is severe.
They might be caffein, chocolate, suger, fruit, etc.
It was the same sistuation as New Years Day.
The cold stole my enagy.
I managed to get some vegitables and chicken and I hurried back home.
I didn't check the expiration date, but it tasted good so I tought it was still OK.
I am not good at writing English, so please check my Englih, will you?
6-Photgrafing
7-Edinting anime and game videos
I stayed in shanghai for two manth.
I comunicated with many Chinese people.
But most of them haven't ever been to China or comunicate with Chinese people.
He was a good and nice boy, I konw him from last summer.
The day befor the lantern festival, he told me he couldn't keep his promise. He must have gone out with his father.
But my hope didn't come ture.
I have learned English for 14 years since I was a jounior high school student.
I took the BEC (Business English Certificate) examination last year and almost failed because of the wrting section.
Ongirls 'day Japanese set up beutiful Japanese dolls.
But the dalls which we call Hina dall are very expensive
So we made very small dalls by a paper.
I want to write my introduction agaein.
I am studying at a midle school.
Tonight I had some trouble with learning enlgish, I asked for help from a lot of people online.
I really appriciate that.
Now I am exicitng!!
Everyting is going well!!
So he knows about the differences between Jpanese and American attitudes.
He said that Jpanese needs to output more because the Japanese are not good at promoting themselves.
The reason why the Japanese don't have many chances to output is becase our culture requires us to be humble.
He said other ineresting things, but if I wrote them all down it would take too long.
It mekes me frustrated.
what I really need to do is translate my knowledgy into experience.
We are the black box that can change images into reallity.
We have no garden, but we have a littile patch of soil between our house and the parking lot.
Not only do I have to find the imformation about it, but I also have to make up the dialogue about how to persuade the client to pay by L/ C.
At last, when I had finished the dialogue, I also had to recite what I had writen because my business english teacher said that we had to leave the draft peper when we were speaking English. Even though it as hard for me, I still wanted to try.
I hope that I can meet the dfficulty and improve my English level.
Well, I'm new here and am very exited to se how I can improve my English.
I had used Lang-8 before, but I haven't written any journals recentry.
The three clothesbaskets are alreay full.
My major is businese admistraton.
My father is a sincere public servernt at a high school.
My mom's character is quite diffrent from my dad's.
She is active, out going and soiable.
He really liks playing computer games and listening to music.
Thank you for reading my writting.
and plese kindly correct my work ~:)
We call ``yakiniku``, burned bewf.
Hi, I'm a Japanese stadying English.
My Uranus is borken!
Perfectly falt!
it's korea education.
A Misterious Cat
I am very suprised that I saw the roof covered in snow when I opened the window at home.
We like to go flea market bacause the price is not so expensive and there are a lot of unique goods.
It takes about 5 minites for her to dry them.
Finally my toothpain flared up today.
I took a motorcycle to go with my friend, and he rode it very fust.
Thank you for corecting my diary.
We enjoyed talking about our favorite bands or singers for a while and I was able to get some imfomation about them.
They really enjoy listening to various kinds of music; from punk or hard rock to classic so thier conversation is very interesting.
She is very storong!
My classmate was carrid in her arms.
I had often wachted a TV show which introduces world heritages.
Federweisse is only served at harvest time, and is in the early stage of the fermentation processn.
I saw ``Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows`` yeaterday at the movie theater.
I think the store offers a great bargen.
I often think that the latest electonic are so amazing!!
When I walked around cumpus, I found a copy machine on the ground.
I'm going to my unversity to attend my classes.
I would rather see DVD than studing.
I was wondering what is the diffrence between ``He sure is fast.`` and ``He is really fast.``
But my hands were nearliy touching her, and she bit my hands.
But daytime was shaining.
I go to work by moter cycle every day.
It is hard for me to writting in English.
[Question] How do you think languages around the world happend to become different?
Of couse, the hotest toppices is foodball game, isn't it?
The periodo during which emperors lived there was at least 300 years ago.
I'll discribe the occuoation a little.
I prefer to read engilish rather than Japanese these days.
We won the competieion!& nbsp;
Next week there will be a last competiton between last two.
I have chosen ethics, Lithuanian laguage in level A, English in level A, history in level B, math in level A, informatics in level B, Physics in level A, Chemistery in level B, theatre in level B, Physical Education in level B.
And we sould do something we can do easily, for example, sending some food to areas that are short of food.
In the land where we cannot grow crops, it may be difficult to increase the growing ofcrops even if htey can use the technology of developed countries.
We musr take this into consideration.
it was not a traver at all, but it was work.
and it seemed that I need to study the countries history and famousof places I had the chance to take a trip all over the world.
It made me ungry.
My dog is a golden retriver puppy, and she just got too excited and started to chase the ducks and birds.
Instead, we lay on the desk, sleepying.
I'm joyfyl to find this website, ``lang-8.
I like writting by English but I always worry about mistakes that anybody can help me correct.
This trable is my second time to visitchina.
In the article, there's no explaination about which country they're from.
Very cathy tune!
I figure that being admitted into hospital is not necessary for me, but my collagues think it is necessary.
I am looking foward to seeing her progress.
She said they always conversate to each other in English.
furthermoer, she is a sickly person.
She is concerned her daughter may have the same habbit.
She has no choice, so goes to thier house.
I like to speak English but, I cannot understand English grammer.
It's crassic Japanese.
I'm a big fan of the Amrerican TV series Grey's Anatomy.
l 'm so tierd
The pacage looked delicious, So I bought it!
What illudes me (on Youtube)
A soup with Eringi mushrooms and onions.
It is warmer this winter than usual and I wore light clothings until yesterday.
For a few years, many textile manufacturers have been marketing the specail type of underwares called ``Heat Tech``.
My lunguage school has some courses which are used for entering uni directly, and I already passed entrance examination of the course.
on the other hand, I'd like to aim to enter a more high level university, but if I want to enter university that doesn't connect with my lunguage school, I have to obtain IELTS score then take a entrance examination.
You also are wellcome to my home town.
In a meeting in Einglish, I explained about some specifications onthickness, weight, LCD size, and thelocation of each connector such as theUSB port.
I took a week off from work, so I feel bad for my co-wokers.
However I wonder whether 'optimistic' implies negative meaning as happy-go-lacky.
I'll exhibit my drawing at Ouchi gallery in Brooklym!
The picture was a photograrh taken at a kindergarten last Friday.
Also, my roommate hasn't recured from pneumonia after roughly 20 days. I hope he gets well soon.
Instead, on our way home, we swang by a electric store to look at TVs because, in Japan, people have to swich their TV from analog ones to desital ones (to watch TV) by 2011 due to problems about wavelength or something.
Recently I went to the 'End of the road' which is located sourthest. It's somewhere near Australia and near Antartic.
I wangt to learn it well, and I want to make more friends.
Incidentally, as my house is surrounded by fields, the farmers gave me many kinds of vegitables such as onions, corns, potatoes, tomatoes, beans, and so on.
According to her, she had a aquarel with her boyfriend yesterday, and maybe she was heart broken, so she was a very nervous.
And next in oredr was Asada Mao who is a rival of Kim Yu-na.
The SD card reader, on my PC, which I believed was broken due to power failure revied.
Particurally, I'm not good at listening.
Zombi Walk 2009
I went to the Zombi Walk wearing Zombi makeup.
Becouse I'll take a placement test.
To sell them to Chinese people in China or do they give them to thier friends or family?
What amazed me most was thier style.
My Japanese friends who cannot speak English thought that I could speak English, but I cannot, exactry.
I can speak it a little, but I am gradually getting worse these days because there are few oppotunity to talk with English people.
She stimulates me to be possitive.
Time always goes so fast that I feel that yeaterday was our first day of winter vacation.
Only two English classes and two chemisity classes.
By the way, I major in chemisity.
But chemisity is so difficult for me.
My philippines theacher can't really understand my English,
Regardless of what hppens, I will never quit studying English.
I feel really sorry for the runners who came all the way to Tokyo to join teh race.
After that, my husdband and I went shopping for curtains.
But, I am not goot at speaking English.
I feel a little nervors, but I really expect this to feel like home.
As I wote in yesterday's journal, my daughter seemed to have caught a cold.
The ploblem is What it is for in any case?
ANIME, GAME, MOVIE, MANGA, you know almost all of them (exept for movies). These are what we Japanese are proud of.
These looks like art, and the reason why these were born and could succeed was because the old Japanese generals favorite beauty crafts.
Nowtoday, it's say to sad that traditonal crafts are no longer popular.
People seek more convinient and comfortable products. (ummm...
And there are many people who don't have phirosophy.
At that time, my friend invited me to her friend's mauntain hut to ski.
The mountain is in Nagano. It holds the winter Olimpic games because the snow is good and it is near to Tokyo.
I love to skii!
It's impossible to skii like this.
I should take advantage of this ploblem, change my work and draw people into my vision.
Einglish is difficult.
I lost a lot of frends now...
One of my dreams is to have a English relaited job in the future.
Today I want to practice writing rhyms!!:p
speak& nbsp; English fulently.
So I didn't and nothing happend...
I'd like to make my carier within 5 years.
Many people were walking while smoking cigaret, it's very dangerous for the baby!
They were very reasonable and also lovery, aren't they?
This situation made me sad because it was a beatiful day as I mentioned in the title.
until now, I've been doing my homework in the libruary.
the assignment is due tommorow.
(Actually, it wasn't my fault, 'cause my time table said ``9th bulding``, but there are two ``9th`` buldings...) Anyway, my teacher told me to join one group, in which 2 boys and 2 girls were talking, and to try to introduce myself.
I think you are the kind of guy who needs to introduece his voice before his name. ``or something.
Who tells his whole life story before he introdueces his name?
He never boast his inteligence.
My hobbies include photography, psychology, Fashon,
I watch the drama series named ``LOST`` and ``HEROES`` and all gunle of the movies.
Next time I will write about some of the experiense I've had when visiting these shops and about some of the books I have read.
The disstance doesn't preven us from being good friends.
I hope everyboby helps me out.
There has been a huge volume of advertisement papers stuffed in between the nespapers these days.
For my birthday, I recieved a marvelous present from my friends.
I'm not familier whit capital letters, I usually use small leters
I am senior university sudent, I study Walfare.
Though I have been to only three countries, Beijing, Korea and Singapor.
She believes there is a little posibility to get an expensive TV!
In December, many Japanse buy this lottery.
First prize is 200 million yen, about 2. 4 million US daller.
Nengajou is greetin card for new year day.
In early December, we start buying the special reeting cardand writing.
Recetly it is popular to use Personal Computer to make the card colorful and to make many cards.
People who were married print their wedding picture and people who had a baby print a picture carrying their baby, definetly.
When we can get these goods luckly, we tell and thank our friend or relative who sent us winning number and f they say kidding ``did you get TV because of greeting card I sent?
You shuld break it and give me half! ``
Today was very hot since morning, so after I finnishing running, I got very tired.
I have just registerd for Lang-8.
Recently I have been trying to implement my English learning strategy by googling some Japanese English leaners blogs.
But in the beginning I was afraid and I didn't think that next year I would have the dream (fortitude) to travel mysef, without a tour agency.
Thanks to a russian girl named Olesya, who one day left her work and she alone traveled around Asia for 6 mounth.
You can live (stay) not only at expencive hotels-nearby you can find cheap hostels and guesthouses.
so I took a shower soon and I slpt around at 6: 00 a. m.
But I alread have no money!
But it might not be enouth.
B: We read the Tora and we don't recognize Jesus as God, He is just a prophet to us.
I will ask you somethinkg I don't know.
I always swet in this season.
I will start to go to English school next manth,
Now, they have a chance to experince it.
Actually chinese regard ``a cirular`` it is auspicious thing, and chisese lucky number is 8! Why? Useally peopel imagine 7!!
conglatulations Japan!
If you use twitter, follow me and I flollw you!
My host family plays it so I wathced a game today but it was rainy and very cold...
I went to a children's festival with membars of my local Fathers comunity Club.
We named it ``Omuyakisoba`` and started to sall it.
A few coustmer bought our ``Omuyakisoba``
Finaly, we sold out.
But she looked a little weired because her side dish was Nattou only.
Narcuissus PSP
The fisrt destination was a small hill 2 hours drive south of Taipei.
I know the person in charge, so I would like to tell him Conglaturations!
I have been taking cooking leson for 3 months.
It's part of the carricurums at my school.
tempt: Advartizement exists in order to tempt customers to buy their products.
conceal: He didn't try to conceak his scandal, but instead, he appligized to everyone.
decline: He dicided to decline the offer from the IT company.
But their owner was Australian from Indonesia so (?) they didn't give me special weekend saraly.
Japanese useally go to the dentist only when they feel troubled by a toothache or other pain in their mouth.
I made a woolen scarf yesterday.
But I chenge my mind.
Then I chenged to knit for another things.
Time is turing.
maybe I should take some exmas.
I expext for some kinds of English,
By the way, I've been studying Englihs by using potcast.
Unfortunately, I couldn't buy all of them becuase of living in China,
I often listhing to a potcast while doing something.
I can almost catch the phares,
but what I really want is to improve my speaking abuilty.
I feel that I'm so luckly to study English and Chinese at college,
and I'm very happy that I can help people who want to study japnaese.
I'd like to say that I really appricate them.
We play an importanto to the shinking food supply in the future.
Hi, I must lerning the english language:) thanks for corrections:)
Next month, I and my friend and her baby have dicide go to Taiwan.
Well, I've been extremery busy working these days.
I start to work in my office in the mornig but I have to work until late at night.
This week I'll have a lot of flights and travel (of course on bussiness).
Write a letter to the hotel manager, and expllain what happend.
One of my freinds told me about this website, so now I am on Lang-8!!
In September I am thinking about going to Victoira, BC.
I am easy going, and I'd like to make many freinds!!
Recently, I heard the fact that a girl I went to junior high with committed suicided.
because in my eyes, she hasn't appologize even a little bit...
AIDS reserch improves each day.
I can't do akype..... WHY?
As I saw the pictures, suddenly, tears ran douwn my face, and I felt sad.
It was the first time for me, and I was very luccy.
When I watch a movier the next time, I will go there at the last screening
I am very confused for using grammers and the sentences I wrote.
Recentry, I've been constantly/ excitedly making many roll cakes with white cream.
I want to learn engish well.
One for June is to lcean my house.
We are going to decide during the Golden Week holidays with firend.
My colleage picked up an abandoned kitten this morning.
It's very misterious.
The residentials indulged in a comfortable and abundant daily life though our country was in danger.
Maybe I cannot grow accustomed to the foreign teacher `s intoration.
In Japan, we have a tradition of throughing beans on Setsubun.
Cover the pan and simmer over medium heat until almost all the juices diappear.
My personal probrem
He shot a french fries from his mouth at my frined.
I had been waiting untill it would be nice weather to ride.
Then the volunteers will do their best to make the country more beautiful which is vontributed without any payback.
As modern college students, we should take every aviliable avtion and take part as volunteers withour hesitating and to contribute to the society.
``There's no shch thing as a free lunch.``
It is very dericiaous.
When I was young, I always tought, ``I wanna be an adult``, but nowadays I don't even think I wanna get old.
I was happy for my birthday untill I turned 20 years old.
Becouse as I get older, I can grow up spiritually.
I'm looking fowerd to what I will be doing 5 years from now.
I think it's becaouse of the dry air in my house.
I participate in a statistics semianr.
I'll read a drft, please check my grammaror pronunciation.
But I am afraid that not many people want to learn Russan.
I think our language is beautiful and I recommend everebody to learn it!!!
Sataagdagi goes great with tea, which makes a good sweet.
Now, I think I usually treat an Autometic gear car.
I'm a big fan of car raicing.
Be caereful with driving,
specialy, when it's raining.
Hello, my name is Seohyun and I'm in the scond grade.
This is my frist time speaking in front of a lot of people and so naturally, I'm quite nervous.
The reason behind this is because I want to create beauiful hairstlye for others.
Frist, I have to practise a lot, possibly with dolls or other people.
scond, I have to study about hairstlye.
My salon must also be a clane and beautiful place which customers love.
I cleand up my messy room!
Of course, I practiced, practied, and practiced a lot.
Next, I want to tell you about the exercising facilities that I want although I am a elementry school student.
I think it becouse of the recession. (my guess)
Please make this read as natuaral as possible.
I had two opportunities to get to know Suemin-min Kim.
Veaujolais Nouveau was released at midnight on Thursday November 18th,
Because the Wimbredon Open started this week, and the World Cup
Sturday at myhome.
I want to buy something that's not so expensive but very usefull.
I want to gain much Knowlage and self-confidence on my job through this training.
Everybady drank and ate a lot.
After we finished eatting, we had an ice-cream bet.
After I came back home, I thought again that it is vey ridiculous.
Do you believe that there will be a person exactlly right for you in the world?
Some peaple might say yes, some peaple might say no.
I think most peapole believe that there will be an person eaxactlly right for them,
But sometimes peaple feel tired from looking for
that person, and take a compromise for the other person who is near to their ideal rght
Peapole sometimes feel lonley and empty, and they want
Maybe this town is also very famous place to visit among forignen tourists.
Nowadays Akihabara is becoming diversity and there `s a lot of shops featring anime goods.
Japanese anime is expanding in overseas market and many foringers know Japanese anime.
I will write it sometiem soon.
I want to write many things but my limitted English discourages me.
I had a soccor game on Sunday.
Yet, after considering all the possibilities, it turned out to be an unbelievably easy dream--I want to lie down on a clean lawn with my eyes fixed on the sky, counting how many stars there in the comos.
When I look up on the sky, seeing those sparkling, goreous stars, I can't help thinking of how tiny I am in this enourmous universe and how great the creater, if there is one, is.
I enjoyed the conversation with my grandmather and grandfather.
I don't have a degital camera.
I use the cell phone to take a picture instead of a degital camera.
Those are as good as degital cameras.
The ingredients are udon, meats, tofu, egg, kimuchi and green onion!
I want to join a university, but also I want to go abroad to America, so I will have to go to a univercity for 5 years.
trere were a lot of people at Tokyo desney land.
But my friend and I were satisfaied with the attractions because many of the attractions appealed to us.
I found out about this web site when I did a webserch.
I knew what ``Ti Amo`` mean and I also knew there was an English song named Ti Amo, but I couldn't understand untill I watched the MV.
The whole day was awsome: the movie, company and the anatomy test results too:D yay!
unluck day
In the morning, I get up at six o 'colock.
beacuse my train leaves at eight o 'clock.
When I prepared to wear my glasses and I found them smached.
I am afried my mother will be angry!
It felt difficut!
At after, I missed my train, beacuse was late finishing breakfast.
So I felt all day very tarrible!
She is cring everyday, she want to see her mommy.
But narses were by her side all night, so she was reassured by someone's company.
Today I'm going to an English club, I realy wanna study English.
I played the game ``Doragon Quest``
I'm writing a jurnal after a long time.
I am confused, and I enjoy being coinfused.
Going to law lawschool
I decided to go to law lawschool yesterday.
I watched a very good moive yesterday.
What's more, she was a gril who loved peace.
She liked to make friends with nigro people, and took part in a nigro's party, and helped them to struggl for the chance of a nigro's day on a TV show.
I like Tracy very much, because she was couraged enough to pursue her dreams and never gave up.
Yesterday I bought new shues for jogging.
3 years ago I was a menber of a fitness gim, but I i quit because of my busy job.
New shues put up my motivation.
I want to make jog a coustom from now.
But many foreigners are looking for someone who speaks Japaness very well.
Yesterday I went to a travel argency to book a flight from Sapporo to Tokyo and then to Soeul.
I can't get a ticket now unless someone cancle their flight.
I don't want to book a direct flight to Soel from Sapporo because of the schedule.
I recommed FF X to you.
It isn't the first novel that I've read by this autor, the last one was about 5 years ago.
My girlfriend says that he isn't a good writer, but I completely desagree with her.
If you read any of his books you will feel the whole scale of emotions that the caracters feel.
Another aspect that I want to mention is his enermous capacity for telling all types of stories, from terror to ordinary tales.
If you look in his bibliography, you can find stories that film directors have put into scene: from the beatiful story about the friendship of a group of children in The Body, terror tales such as The Shinning, Chrytine, or Carrie, and penitenciary scripts as The Green Mile or Rita Hayworth and Shawsank redemption.
That proglam broadcasted their life.
course I always put seasonig on food but sometimes I don't.
I had stayed at a suberb in San Francisco for 3 weeks when I was a unversity student.
But I couldn't speak Englsh at all in those days.
That is my motivation to study Englsh.
The nature is amasing, and life is wonderful!
It's a lovery day today.
I recomend: www.
A famouns problem on pronunciation is the difference bitween L and R.
But I cannot opperate my tongue freely.
I use egg, shrimps, brocoli (instead of string beans) on vinegar rice which is mixed with carot and mashroom.
My hobby is wahtchng animations, surfing the Internet, and reading books.
I often watch '' niconico-douga '' on the Internet and lesten to '' VOCALOID '' music.
My dream is to become an interpriter.
my grandfather made a living by raising chikens and a calf.
They say there are many sumo restlers who have been fixing matches for years.
Today is so hot that my T-shist is all wet.
tomodachi to sakka-wo shite asobu koto ga ureshii desu.
eating birthdy cake is my interest.
Thay beer
I drank one bottle of Thay beer.
I'd never had Thay beer until last night.
It tasted different than Janpanese beer.
I wached a DVD called, Beautiful Mind.
I didn't anything buy but 6 Pana TV's were still left!
I decided that I will eat nothing after 7pm and I will not drink in the evenig!
Today, Kyoto was 32 degree Celcius.
Well, I have to prepare for gruduation workshop.
We use the textbook ``Totaly True``.
I ate humburg steak with mushrooms which tasted like soy sauce.
And she, our friend, ate humburg steak with cheese and tomatoes.
He bought some clothes and I bougt a necklace and a beret cap which was wine red colored.
Moreover, becasue I can't use my suica card in Kyoto, I had to buy some train tickets.
He was a maniq.
Maybe somebody die, orr lose a lot blood.
He was hungry, angree and terrible...
In my opinion, it is not unuseful to disclose his face.
So, I thnk that it is premature to disclose photos before the court's final judgement is announced.
in Yoyogi animation gakkuin...
The Liberal Democratic Party has govered for over 50 years.
governs the cabine or not, but I hope DPJ 'policy strengthens our economy.
Recentry I am very busy with my work.
My shoulder wsa treated.
One of my fevorite things was stolen.
yesterday my friend said you looed so slender but recently you look fat!.
But I can't ddo anything about it (?)
which attructs the audience effectively.
Is this my reducdant reaction?
I had a waterserver that my boyfriend gave me.
If the someone Chiense said ``You were unlucky.
I have to take an oral examination in five theological subjects this week: old testamen, new testament, church history, systematical theology and practical theology.
There is almost no visible effect from the 3. 11 tunami, earthquake, and nuclear-plant problems.
Gon to work, school, supermarkets, and so on.
I knew it exsist.
My name is chiancamel, from the Shanxi province of China!
Trip to Beijig
Then, we tackl cleaning the whole house.
It was beyond my expectaition.
``It was so haerd for me!
I remerber their smiles.
Though I am buzy, I still keep a diary.
Inari (shirine)-> a fox-> thin fried tofu
I'd like to watch Premiership matches, and UEFA Champions League matchse.
Now I'm loocking for the tickets.
I wrote about the club in my last jornal.
yestarday, more than 25 people joined!
Thakns!
Yesterday it was nice outsid.
I weeded weedout my yasrd.
Last month I did a lot of weedout.
But when I finish an exam on next Suturday, the long-awaited summer vacation starts:)!
a part-time-job, studing English, drawing pictures and contribute them into an art contest:-)
Googole says 'Do you mean: my name':D
Japanese people are usually not good at speaking English, because we only study English grammer when we are students
When I tride it on, it looked very nice.
This is because the motion of their gestuings is too large and radical. It's easy to hit me, especially when I stand by them too closely.
I met my friend on the 2nd night, I wated for her for a few minutes outside.
My eldary sister and I were talking in the hall.
Suddenly my younger (or younger?) sisters quicly cameto my father crying and shouting ``There is a big man.`` Then someone knocked at the door.
When you are in a trouble, waht will you do?
Generally speaking, songs are a good way to practice another langage.
becase there is a very big tree (2000 ~ 7000yesrs old) which is
I know I can manage to wrire or say something in easy English.
I took driver's license exam that covered basic vehicle operations such as headlights, windshild wipers and driving straight.
It was very easy for me thanks to a lesson I took at the driving institue as well as the easist questions given at the test site.
I have to take up many part time job to earn money, since I want to go to Philippins for studying abroad next spring.
After I googling this product on my mobile and finding out the user response is really bad, I said 'Really?' as a respose to all her sales talk. snow word isn't used that much.
I heard the salesperson talked to her co-workers, 'Wow, nowdays these cunsumers are really smart..
My winter holiday has already begun. I think (that) I should read some English magzines or newspaper for inproving my English during this holiday, but I don't know what I should to read. I hope to get some advice from here.
I expect to have inprove well when the holiday comes to an end.
Io sono povero e vecchia.
The gorl is young and tall.
I'm so happy, couze I can use it anytime.
There are not so many tensesssssss in Chinese, so I always forget to change tense.
Some people decided not to move aneywhere by themselves and some people cannot move because their partners are Japanese.
I'm so delighted wher a good person wants to be a employee.
There is a new type of this oil is on the market resentry.
Frid garlic, onion, and many other ingredients are in the oil.
although english is so difficult for me, and from time to time, I think it is so stuqid that speaking english is my goal now:(
In Janan more than 70% cellphone users have 'K-tai' phone, they do not use 'Smart Phone' like 'Xperia (SONY)' or 'iPhone (Apple)'.
We stayed there untill midnight.
Kitano Takeshi plays the roll of a Japanese sodier called Hara.
making traning pants for my husband.
I went driving to the contryside to meet my friend who just moved there recently.
It was a pritty long drive. It took 4 hours but I was able to release all my frustrations.
Her parents keep some cows to sell for meat. It is rare for me to see real cows, so it was a very exiciting experience.
At first, I didn't realize he was sick untill this morning. I was intending to give him to others, I found he counld not walk, and I felt so upset.
We are having our final eaxm this week.
Then we checked her test sheet and founed out her answer sheet was left together with her test sheet.
I went to Hawaii for ten days with my famale friends this month.
There is a friend of mine, a gril, who was my best friend when we were in primary school.
It's really wonderfull, not only because there will 172 famous Chinese film stars attending, like Jet Li, Ziyi Zhang and so on, but also it will shows us the history.
And bless to those heroes who fought for the independence and demoracy of our country.
I have a happy timebecause I am sorrounded by beatiful audience and the great members.
At least, it doesn't seem as hard to get a good score in your university as to get it in seinior high school, because I only need to do some subjects I'm interested in.
In Japan recently there has been a deemand to save electricity.
Our tent was the most embarress of all.
Our mattress was stuck and our tent brok.
beacause in China, people always learn languages from books and there is no chance to speak it.
So that I kowe this language very well.
I want to make friends with Janpanese people who can teach me.
When I got up tis morning, nobody in my family was up yet.
I'm travling to Mie now.
But this isn't a good sity for sightseeing.
So, Hong-Kong has no surprising poits for Japanese people.
Beacese the people are very kind.
During rainny days or days that are high in humidity, the volume of my hair is up.
``Super treatment`` is a treatmet to make my hair softer.
I was really suprised.
I like shopping and I like beatuful things.
What does entry mean? lol I've consulted the diationary but I still can't understand what it means; (
I watched a baseball game in Nagoyadoom yesterday.
Yesterday was the winter soltice!
Back to the schol
The box was covered with wrapping papper.
Remember, once when I was going to work, one of my high heels was broken making me very embarrassed. I called you frist. You were very kind and bought a new pair of shoes to me at work.
In the new semester I must stady hard with my English.
The name of the restaurant was Sakura-jyaya.
The drink was remon tea.
The dessert was kyaramel cake.
I was disappointed by ``Avator,`` so I hope tomorrow's movie is good.
That is very hard to get, my English is still awqward, if you don't mind please help me.
But everyone encoraged me when they said ``You're working hard`` ``You look cool.`` I was very happy to hear that.
I had sashimi (raw seafood) made up of tuna, salmon, horse macker, scarop and salmon roe.
I havet to use English for business, so I have to study English.
I think that bridegroom Tani, bride Meka and the 4 organaizers were a good combination.
This Event was for girls only, so the interir decoration was very cute and girly.
Now I'm in the countryside of Korea for this job untill the end of this month.
The problem is that I don't have a computer even enthough I need it really badly to get done with my school payment thing and things like that.
I heard that people who experienced study-abroad need more than 800 scores to prove an ability baced on that experience.
Yesterday it was rainy and clowd.
It's very difficurt!
Especially, I love broiled salmon, midium rare.
you will go threre again??
He answerd with a smile, ``I went there too many times to remember``
While Japan wasa developing country we had to learn a lot of things from foerign countres.
the important things to consider about the place where you wanto to live are:
and I don't derstand some things
for exsemple: I am a good boy, aren't I?
Tomorrw..?
Tomorrw, there are practice games.
The amount of juice was crealy reduced.
I always put my contact lenses in my eyes every mornig.
My job is a mobile phone programer.
I am not a programer, but I just like it.
So when a bad thing happnes, I remember a saying: when one door shuts, another opens.
You must know about the feeling of loneness or seperating, and it's much stronger when you're alone in a foreign country where you know nobody and you couldn't understand what they're speaking (I know it's called French, though).
I crid again and mocked myself as the biggest stupid in the world.
While listening to quiet slow tempo music and calm voice of the instructor, I stretched my boby.
Returan to the Earth
I have been in Germay for a month.
Then suddenly a old man who had tatoo all over his body entered SENTOU.
It was an unusual situstion....
What if sudenlly he bit me?.....
He approached me with his stobborn face, and said with his low tone voice ``Could you give me some of your water?``
He was really kind, although this might just be a cover up. He couldn't get over his thirst and had to drink to fufil his obstanate ways.
In fact, I'm not a fan of Jannifer Garner, but this role was perfect for her.
So I had to shavel snow...>_ <
The first episode of hell girl is quite boring. People send the person they hate to hell again and agian because of diffrerent reasons: hate, misunderstanding, jealousy and even love.
And the music in this cartoon is also listeningble.
Many people do not seem to be very pleased to eat what they've never tasted or anything which sounds exotic, but isn't that losing an oppotunity to add it to your favourite menu?
The shop was proud of its various high quality imported products, there were many customers who came from othe countries looking for ingredients to make thier local dish. (I would often be asked by Australians: ``Where's Vegemite?``)
I went out to get tue bus.
I like Homer, because he's really sweet to his wife Margy.
Ear, norse and throat hospital
Could someone please put the following sentences into the passive voce.
Could someone please put the following sentences into the passive voce?
Tomorrow, I am going to watch tha football match in Saitama Stadium.
While doing Kabuki, actors speak very slowry and with a wavey tone.
my Englis leve is bad.
So, I had to wait outside of the Jinjya until they came out.
Actualy, I like ``Nicolas Cage``.
Please, correcion and comment on my blog.
I'm a student studying nurtition science at a university in japan.
I used to have conversations in English at English conversation classes when I was in elementary school and when I was in jounior high.
How aboui it?
A lot ppl who write their dairies in English can't get that many comments you know.
The second is that maybe Japanese ppl are kind.:P
My job is to teach foreignor Chinese.
I want to learn some natve English.
``Four till Nine is gven to one who find.``
It is just because we have culuture to eat whales.
Maybe the protesters who againt this habitual think that people shouldn't eat whales.
But sometimes it makes me dpressed I can't improve my English.
Recentlly, I've been thinking that every day.
I have to eagerly keep studing the jewellery business and be careful to trade only with reliable partners.
He sang songs that he liked, whatever his companies or the audiance thought of them--in fact, everybody would show his happiness and satisfaction whatever they thought, and you know why.
One of his hoppies was forcing the female stars who went to Chongqing to have sex with him, and then recording the process.
And in my dream, one of my high scholl fellows (Iet's call him Ice) told me that he had got some videos of Wen Qiang, and there was plenty of hot stuff besides the pornos.
I'm writting this journal in my room, ovbiously, in Japan,
This is my homeswork.
We had been studying togather since we were in primery school.
We had a nice time togather.
I found out about this website Lang-8 today, and I tought it was so great.
I think the greatest thing about this site is that the peple who correct language mistakes
I'm able to advise and help peple who are studying Japanese, too.
I have learned English sice I was 18, but I don't understant much of it.
I can understand what My teacher says parfectly, but I can't understand movies or people who I just met for the first time.
I met mmy teachers a long time ago and I have talked with them many times.
I'm listening to the music of Santana 'Smooth' on yutube.
I usualy get up at 6: 30 in the morning.
I joined the cooking school for elderly men, looked for the cheakup for 3 year's old children, studied the system of the health center, and so on.
All US foods which I can imagine are junk such as bugers.
We bought detergent, deshwashing liquid, and a frying pan.
After that, we had lunch at a sandwich restraunt.
In the afternoon, I went to a computer room to use a scaner.
However, the pattey broke its shape while I was cooking. It did not look good, but it was delicoius.
I'm looking forward to playing tennis tommorow.
The food was good; they both have world heritage sites, the Halong bay and Ankor wat.
Thank you for reading abd listening.
But how can we be good listeners? In my opinion, the most impotant thing is to focus on the topic you are talking about.
My examinition...
Becuase I have reserved a train at 7: 30 AM.
I'm going to Austrailia next year for studying.
Austrailia goverment changed their Immigration law.
I have to chose the proper word out of four choices but sometimes I don't know the maning of all the choices!
My tears were like rianning.
I can relax and imporving my English.
Instead of that, we are going to go to Holand next month to see flowers.
So, I determinded to go shopping and make a pizza.
I found a recipe in internet brog and started making a pizza.
When I got up I realised I had a better undestanding of this movie.
My feeling is when I help a person to crrected his/ her eassy, I'll be successful, and sometimes I can found some entries are like comedy shows.
They sing Japanese sould music.
I'd like to untroduce their PV; Samurai Sould.
We concluded that Thiking in English for 75 precent of the time is neccessary to master English.
I would like to have better pronouciation.
So I have to take a lot of classes and my schdule is was too heavy.
I coould not answer well...
Lunch time was coming, but we didn't have lunch togeter
I tried to write a dialy in English.
I wanted to change the teacher to Johana who was my pravious writing teacher and is so good.
I'm twenty-years-oid and a university student.
Hi, I'm studing English in a Japanese University.
My dormitory is in Gifu Prefecture and my family's house is in Siga Prefecture.
Usally I studied English about 2 ~ 3 hours a day, but I study it in
please get out of my head immidiately!
When I was in Korea, I used to eat every meal at the restaurant, because there were so many options to choose from and I also didn't have enought time to cook.
Now, there isn't any option, because there isn't any restaurant nere my village.
Before leaving they compleined about my absence.
But, unfortunatly, when you come home after shopping, you feel very tired.
So, it is called an aeropolice.
l know that many peolple want to get more money or stronger power,
Yet l don't konw how to tell people around me what I think, because even if I do it, no one will believe me.
They must think l 'm crazied.
We went to a coffe shop and talked about her marriage life and new workplace.
All of nature follows Lebonacci's numbers.
But I noticed we have not much defference between us when we made skit.
I like studing English very much.
I studied the flower desingn for three years.
When I entered the pub at 10, all the seats were full and it was very crouded.
There were 3 people on staff, but it was not enougth.
At 3, 15 office workers came in and ordered the ``NIJIKAI corce``
The NIJIKAI corce is some frid food and drinks.
So I took the exam at januarly 24.
wich is something impossible right now, so I'm a little bit pissed.
I went to Seoul for a lomg time.
Actually, most of my co-corworkers might be missing me a lot.
I missed the station which I had to get off at even though I'd asked the train crue twice!
And, again, I've not kept my promiss to write a diary entry a day.
He asked his English teacher, but he still couldn't understand the explainatin.. <-redundant
I spiled water on the floor during the night.
it is in the contry, a little left from Osaka
iPlayer provides Englsih subtitles.
So he called to all the anymals, ``Mung-Mung``.
The best purfomance was when the trainner rode on the dolphin.
At the end of th show, we ate lunch on a mat in the forest and it was more delicious than eating at home.
I will buy the Xbox360 ver.
My Firends list doesn't have any friends on it to talk with in English!
My habbise are swimming and shopping.
I am now thinking about a master degree's reserch plan.
I want to reserch about Japanese writing for foreigners.
I am in trouble to find out a way to reserch this.
However I have to persuade readers, who are sholars in the Uni I want to enter.
I want to study Endlish!
Gion festival is the annual big event started 1 thouthand years ago and it is one of the most famous festival in Japan.
Anyway, I'd like to graduate from scool and get a job as soon as possible!
And she said ``you are strang.``
the time is coimg.
It is a cloudy today but the temperture is not too warm and the weather is confortable
and I'm looking forward to rhe start of the school year.
Althogh It is hard, I'd like to study English.
and I beleive it will some day be.
This only reason I'm studying English is to be able to clearly express my thoughts and achive my goal.
She rode a bicucle.
When she arrived near a company, she wiped her swet.
There, my dance culb members will announce. (Announce what?)
It's tellible, isn't it??
I'm always eating luch at a canteen, but I've decided to bring my lunch starting today to save money.
It is intereting to see what the shop sells.
degitalize TV
The Japanese government has decided to degital satellite broadcasting in 2011.
I'm beaming, I hope to meet people who can hepl meto learn.
Fortunatelly, I can speak English, but I don't want to forget how to speak it.
Did you watch Michael Jakson's memorial service?
They spoke about Michael Jackson's liftime and sang.
I overhheard somebody who was talking about Michael Jackson on the phone.
I liked his songs and music vedios.
When I got home, I turned my computer on to listen to his songs and watch his music vedios.
I heard that Micheals Jackson's daughter inherited some unreleased songs.
When I don't have time to stenghten/ set it in the morning, I like toput it intoa ponytail.
There are 4 peaple in my family.
My father's been a firestation for 20 years.
He teaches me patience and scriface.
When I speak with a foreinger, they often have trouble due to hesitation (Is it possible to use 'from' Instead of due to?)
I have no doubt that your coments will be helpful.
I belive in this world so I won't give up on life.
If I have a mistake in my diary, please hlep me corret my mistake.
Later I felt unconfortable because I didn't see his face and I don't actually know him.
balabal.....
I don't want to be so discrminate...
But I can't use those greetings now, Becouse my grandparents have passed away this year.
I could see that the top of Tkyo Tower was slightly bent by the great earthquake!
After drinking, I went to a club for the first time! (My friend took me thereX)) Dancind with music was so exciting.
I don't know how they teach English in other anycountries. I guess that there are some differences between the Japanese way and the other countries 'ways.
I mean a lot of expriences is the most important thing.
And also, having a passion for study is imprtant.
Next weekend, I will try to take a picuture!
I want to use this service not only to study Englisg Grammer but also to meet friends.
I had a realy good time.
Many of my classmates decided to recive further education.
I'm 19 and my daugther is 2.
I watch TOM AND JERRY every day with my daugther.
There is no vaccine iin Mexico, as well as all around the world.
How can we stop the from flu speading?
time's moving on 'cause my writing spped's so slow.
To succeed in college or even in society, we need always remember to have a mindset that you should boubt anything.
Before enrolling in college, you may have been only learning a lot of subjects by heart in school, such as a date in history or the grammer of a laungare, etc.
I will take writting part of it in 3. 17.
After two mouthes merely, I found I cannot work very well, since I do not know the internet-related professional skills.
I decided to give up because aso need 30 minutes to go and exchang clothes.
This is just me eating somthing if I get angry.
Christmas Day is a holiday celebrating the birth of Jesuse, on December 25 every year.
At night, chrildren go to bed earlier than normal and hangstockings behind their bed to hold the presents which are given from 'Father Christmas'.
I play the guiter and sing songs.
Before the test, I always feel pressre.
Nothing can match the pleasent feeling of being home.
The New Year's Day is enjoying a strinking popularity around
I came to Busan from Seoul this aternoon by the STX.
I was so dissapointed because I had tickets to the seventh
Well, I'm planning to go to community college first then trasfer to a 4-year art school.
I was going to cancle/ drop that class, but since I was curious, I just chose to take it.
And do you know what happend?
On Febrary 16th, we went to the Uluwatu Temple.
It costructed on a very tought cliff.
I think my browser may have some probleam because I downloaded something (bad).
and some of the messeges ask for genuine microsoft sofewere.
Since the world of computer science is more opend to English speakers, I want to study English.
I'm insterested in programming for the web.
If you also are insterested in programming, please be my friend!
Shnonn Brown was a beast.
There are some places in the darkness, a park, a small forest, bridhe above a small river, a small house and a cafe.
To show off a skilk and contribute to one's team.
So I hope to be usefull to you and also to learn somthing from you.
I want more more slepping..
I live in Paris from Monday to Wedneday or Thrusday, and then I go back home.
Without any knowledge of the language at the beginning, after a fortnight, I could manage with italan people in daily conversation, and understand many things.
And they have a very interesting grammar, with very funny tenses, such as ``subjunctivo.``
Neverby, it's not the only reason.
I wacthed Transformers 3 with Xiaoquan yesterday in Guangdong science center, IMAX3D.
It happend about two months ago, three friends deceided to go to an amusement park called Happy Valley on that day.
I'm have been hanging out the lundry this week.
I was accepted into a university in NIIGATA taday.
Today I was rehersauling for my upcoming dance performance. While I was indulged in my practice for it, I suddenly saw the boy who I have a crush on walk by. Out of astonishment, I shouted out loudly, ``Ah!!!`` and stopped my mevement.
He somehow stood there watching me!! I was so embarressed that I had no idea of what I should do, and just bent over and stood there.
My thoughts went so crazy for him that I can bearly fall asleep tonight, this is feeling just not sitting well with me.
If you want to be a professor, you must be able to do daily conversation without any dificulties.
My husband is Indian and he has started to run a small guest house in Rishikesh since this Aplil.
It is a fomous place for yaga, maditation, the Ganges River and the ashram where the Beatles visited once.
I woder what score I will get in three weeks later.
There couldn't be a more beautifull landscape on which to meditate.
You could clearly hear the clashing sound. It was frightning. Some more hyenas were training karate. Others were doing nothing.
They took me into a magnificient temple with a huge hyena statue on the rooftop.
I passed the frist paper test of Eken Pre-1st Grade, so I couldn't be better now!
While I got ungry with him, I realized he has kept his wild nature.
It is also so humid in Japan's rainy seson.
I don't like Japan's hot and humid summer eather.
My friend could answer easyly because he is English.
My purpose for stadying English is to communicate with my business partners, who are in Sillicon Valley.
That was only mistypo, haha.
The weather focust said that it would contiue till the end of the week.
You konw, I am a Chinese, who lives in south, so I like spicy food and don't like sweet food, when having lunch.
In the afternoon is computer class, and you should see how fast the teacher speaks. I can't catch what she says just like many students arroud me.
That's like a thirsty person who finds fresh water, but more romatic than this.
The doctor told him that the girl is invited by his army, because he always says her name Dubai loudily. The girl takes care of him for about three days which, amazes many people, because everyone doesn't understand why an Asian girl would take a U. S. sodier so seriously, and doesn't leave.
The sodier fell so happy and thankful about it, and asked the girl if she wanted to be his girfriend.
After that, because of the wound, the sodier lleave Iraq and marries the girl in Chongqing provence, China.
I have some stress, so I scrach the same area over& over.
I've often sclaced my head.
I sclaced the same spot, so I've lost a little hair.
I don't a blad head, but I have to address this.
So I can get along with with all kinds of poeple.
I can operate some Mac softs like Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign.
I like to watch professional sports games, but actually I'm not good at sports, especailly ball games, like baseball, football, and basketball.
I need to execrcise regularly.
I coulnd not go to work yesterday...
I saved all the pictures of the porducts I bought at ASOS, the models wore such attractive clothes on the catwalks, wow!
Finaly I wanted to say that I will graduate from school two years from now!
It is really strange that pople reveal their divorce in front of friends and familys.
The figure is a little bit higer that I thought.
so tonight I went to her new house to furfil my
her room is not very large, but very confortable.
Favoriting things.
It's kind of hard for me to forcus on a story..
I just love wathing the ``American Pie`` movies.
In the first helf, Ji-sung Park scored the first goal.
Because I plan to tell her parents that I want to marrige her!!
It is Japanise food.
Espevially, I like Korean and Chinese food.
However, I guess the word ``fuking`` is used to emphasis the words after it, so it's very similar to the usage of the Japanese word ``kuso``.
The word ``kuso`` means ``shit`` in English exactry, but it also plays a roll in rudely emphasizing the words after it.
So, I explanated it to him like that.
I'm lookin for friends who can chat with me
I'm tired of speakin Japanese....
This year I deided to handle foreign company more actively than last year!
Especially, getting more vocabrary is very hard.
ganghaw-Do
Yesterday, my fmily and I went to ganghaw-do.
It was a one beautyful place.
It was surpriese too.
The bad bews is that I failed my ACCA exam............. is was wrost than last time........... how come???>_ <
Studying English is one of my hobbies, in wich I learn it with enthusiasm.
Since I found information about prostitutes, I realised rhat they are not only bad points, but also good points.
So I think I shouldn't jude or look down on them due to their appereance.
unforturnately, it's Saturday today...
I believe that marriage is speciall and spritual
because one man and one woman, who are first defferent human beings,
But the first typhoon is likely comming soon, and it is rainning now.
After this happend, I Iooked for a place to eat.
when to use ``a`` versus ``the``, and idom like ``work out`` (exercise).
My hometown is a big city and I feel convenient, but I think there are many great poins in each cities.
Today, I went to my school to partisipant in swimming class.
After I came back home, I ate lunch and I ate spagety with meat sause and it was very delicious.
I'm nt the demon so it was very fun.
Tomorow will be very hot but I should work hard.
In the Netherlands, I had to find a dentist who I could register with as a patiant, make an appointment and wait for 2 months.
A nurse said ``Why didn't you register at a dentist before you had a teethache!!!
It is common sence all over the world!!!
However, when I go for jogging, I do not have to go to Gymnasiums, I can do it on the streat or on compus.
I saw many internatinal (interracial) couples in Austraia.
I sudied Japanese a bit, learned some new kanji, and went to eat breakfast.
I managed to swallow some joghurt, but my throat was too sore for anything else I had in the fridgerator.
It fele like heaven!
There are two bathromms and three rooms.
There are 4 rooms and two bathromms.
but my frie 's
house is very simple and morden.
my mom likes decorlation
decorlation theirs.
Tommorow I have an exam of mathematical statistics.
I'm very much looking foward to it!
I will go to Shikago for the marketing-skill training this September.
therfore, I have to improve my English (ability) soon
It was slipperey and dangerous.
Spring is comming to the corner.
but I wana fight!
I need your kindfull help!
I didn't expect that someone would correct my first dialy, but two people did!
I tried not to use my dictionary in order to write my first dialy.
I'll keep writing a nice dialy using my lovery dictionary.
Japan has four seasens.
I live in Japan, and I sometimes see foreighers wearing a t-shirt while I'm freezing.
It's been a while since I last spoke Englsih.
There was no abnomality.
He tought me that the dream will definitely come true if I didn't give up.
My colledge life.
I am getting an external education about sorage fundation for data bases this week.
``Galapagos`` is a set of islands or an area around the isladns which is distant from the continents and is well-known for its unique eco-system.
These ``Galapagos`` charactaristics often bothers me.
HoweverI, I cannot go anywhere.
It makes me feel more tired and frusterated.
Hellow, I'm good, I like english, I am not good in english, you are looking my page.
help me whrite in english!
I must implove my English skills to comnicate with people all over the world.
Appart from that, I have to create an sketch with a friend. It's for an exposition; we are going to ``act`` Phineas Gage's article.
At least, I can speak very influnce... (???)
Thank you for asking me about the interview:) I thini it went pretty good. I don't know why, but I was not nervous that day. [two sentences]
I had to do a self-introduction presentation, a social issue-related discusion, a competency based interview, and a Chinese interview, all in one day.
Becouse I skated too hard yesterday.
I need to study speaking Engilsh too.
I really loveto eating foreign foods.
However, the expected time is about two minutes so it is not goning to be that tough.
Actually, today was a different day in a sense, Lamar is finnaly gone.
I'm eager to speak many languages, so I watch some NHK proglams to learn different languages.
There were many friends appeared in this wedding and they drank much wine to celerbrate his friend getting married.
A typhoon went through Japan and I'm awared that autumn is coming.
If you use Skype, please add me because I also want to learn to speak enlgish.
Today, a very very ugly incident occered.
I am working on my application material to make it more impressive, and hopefully I will get into a prestigeous school that I can be proud of.
What's the diffrences?
``I'm fine!`` ``I'm good!`` ``I'm OK!``: What are the diffrences between these three phrases?
one color whithout design.
I think Japanese unbrella market is a thriving business.
Japan is very unusual among the developed coutries in its strict attitude to foreignners who want to work in Japan.
In this period of globalization, Japanese industry cannnot remain comopetitive because of shortages of the workforce.
He said ``I'll chek it later.``
When he came back home, he checked it carfully.
I have a BIG presentaiton next Tuesday but I haven't finished my report yet.
Every time I meet someone from the team, she greets me wiht a clear voice.
Every morning, one of them is cleaning the entrace of our school.
One of my collegues told me that it happened because the team members were careless, but I wonder how much they care.
I learnd some sentences.
It's aprox 10 feet tall.
Seriois Disasters
If we destory nature, we are destoy our civilization.
Besides, he cancles the term exam because he doesn't want to write the exam paper.
I'll have to communicate other menbers in English.
This book wrote about the diference between the English and Japanese voice.
I came back to my camp as I was discoraged.
I made out that it was him bacause he was tossing and turning.
I reallly dislike humid weather because I get sweaty easily.
A bear was shot because it injured a woman eariler and it could happen again.
When I read this article, a quesiton occurred to me.
Our selfish lifestyles cause climate changes, and these lead to the lack of their food on moutains.
My friends came to my house Yesterdady.
One is merried.
The other is not merriage.
For a long time, I couldn't upload my page, what with my tests and the disasters that happended to Japan.
Fortunately my frinds living near the disaster locations are all safe!
But now, I strongly believe that English and its culture is but one of the many cultures all over the world and I want to strengthen my idea by communicating its importance to as many people as poosible.
However, I noticed the convenience of English for the first time because I could talk to many people like Belgians and toEgyptian with English.
Though I have been saying many things above, all I want to say is how plesant talking to many peple is!!
It took 10 miniutes to walk to the beach.
It turned a very comfortble day today.
But Japanese people aren't intersted in it at all.
There were a few people, and some main billdings were closed, others were opened but closed at 6: 00pm.
I think I'm very susceptive to waether changes:-o
``What day is today?`` I always say that because I never remember the day, even though I ask my consin a lot. He always says ``I just told you yesterday.``
I heard someone say a goldfish can only remember something for 3 seconds. After that it will lose its memery just swimming to the edge of the fish bowl.
If a goldfish fell in love with another fish, it wouldn't remember because it would lose its memery.
Myhobby is to go campout.
I can speek business Japnese, but my English is poor, so I want to improve my english to get a good job in trading.
I have a sore throat now, it's really unconfortable...
I agreed and sat down waitting for him.
Is there someone who lives in Euroup?
In Paris, I'll see the effel tower, Louvre's museum and shakespear's& company book store.
can you tell me other hot brands in Euroup?
It's because this is my first time trip to Euroup.
I applied for two squba diving tours and bought lenses for my squba diving mask.
My name is SAKURA, cheif of Japan's traditional dance group, NIPPON.
I am introducing the wonderful world of Japanese danse.
Please belive me!
I read in the news today that Pizza Huts across China annouanced that they are doing away with their salad bars.
It is already half a month untile I go home.
Hello, Lnag-8 users
This week, I've been thinking about how to use Lang-8 effectively so that I can make progress ony my studies.
At the beginning of weekend, I have a long bathtime on Fryday night.
bathtime is a preasure which many people living with a family cannot have.
There is an Engish exam called CET in China.
Time flies so fastly.
Everyone walking around town was wearing a shirt wiht long sleeves and a jecket.
Firstly I write some words in English, drink a cap of coffe read my E-mails.
After the bus tour we had 4 hours free time, so we went to the Beatle's musean which is quite famous as far as I know.
lol Then I realized that I might have made a mistake as I perused the musium.
In fact it was tough to understand all of what was said, therefore I'm not entirely sure of thier history, achievements and other efforts... everything they did while they were together.
Well... honestly it took us two hours or so to finish this tourm which was pretty much half of our free time actaully...
Therefore we didin't have time to walk around the City centre, which was supposed to have been fun to do!
I have to study chinase and English.
First of all, you should buy asmall boat to chatch more fish in order to get more money, and thenyou should keep fishing for 10 years.
If you achieve your goal, you can get ahuge amount of money. Then you deposite your money in a bankand earninterest.
I was supposed to take the intermedium level this semester, so please help me pass the class with a decent grade.
Today I rented ``Gingle all the way`` and ``Dr.
Dritol (Eddie Murphy's comedy.
Wel, gotta go.
My job title is programar.
Wao! I was suprised.
education system, learing things that are boring.
I trid to become a Pro member after that.
In Korea, adultery is a criminal law not a judical law.
I can't understand why the goverment punishes people for their private life, whether it being love or sex.
I think adultery crimes can be fixed in the judical courts.
Keith and Carrot, who had goneto town to visit their son and daugther came cameback to the church.
He came to Austrelia on a working holiday visa too.
I will be talking in Korean for a lont time when they come to church!!!!!
A few minites ago, I saw a sports news report on TV.
My friend said to me, ``You look yonger than yesterday``.
Anyway, it's not my business, I'm okay untill they start raising prices:P
I don't undstand why Edward tells Bella to stay away from him, why heleaves her alone.
I'll be more carfull next time...
I'll try to build my comfotable life slowly:)
Well, my husbund and I set up our own small business at last-) This took a lot of time.
You know many Japanese college students have a tendency to be senseitive about what they wear to college.
In other words, they really care about how are they seen. So they wear fasionable clothes all day.
I noticed that lots of students wear hoodies or T-shirts, expecially with their college name in front.
Is it inexpencive?
But I am worried about whether I can speak Englih well or not.
After we left the beach, we went to a shopping center named Amerivan Village.
So we counldn't go anywhere except there.
We just looked thorugh some stuff.
The marketing maneger supervised them at first, but she gave up controlling them at once.
They started to shoot the film at their wil.
Because I got a appotunity to make my debut on the world stage.
Syobu is a beautiful Flowe.
Shrine of the City God Parade Day is every June and not on a specitfic day.
The firsr time traveling in the United States.
When I walked around the house, I feld an unpleasant sensation like I was trudging uphill in the house.
My faborites are reading books, including Manga or novels, watching movies, taking pictures, playing tennis, and gardening...
I'm gald that the Japanese team won!
JOSIRYOKU, the art of being a fascinationg woman
It's too dificult for me to learn this stuff, I have no confidence for passing these exams.
This song which you might heve not heard of is named ``Hailie's Song.``
``Hailie`` is his daughter's name.
``Hailie's Song.``
I wonder if the english title is okey or not.
Does this make sence?
I don't have confidence about whther native speakers can understand my English.
Please let me intorduce myself
It is very impotrant for me to imporve my Engilsh.
Please correct my erros anytime.
Ohhhh... ahccording this book. In the past, Japanese food culture had us eating insects such as cicadas and grasshoppers.
I'll attend some meetings and an exhibition of the heating, air conditons and ventilation industy in Las vegas.
Yet the real realtoinasip, in my opinion, is much more subtle than the triangle in the movie.
But I will not forget to put some medicein on my head for hair of course.
I want to be a person who can assist someone's development even though my ability is not exellent.
I had my bycicle stolen during the night.
but I can't forgive the peoson who stole it.
After the lecture, I am having second thoght about the ``Global Environment``.
I couldn't watch it before because my daugter said that it was scary.
'Poets are not so scrupuluos as you are.
I tried to write something (like book reviews) in English on some websites, but I was so ashamed of my English that I just coulndn't do it.
Kaiten-zushi having rotating sushi on a belt conveyer which is cheaper than traditional sushi reataurants.
I am working hard and I hope my dream comes ture in the future.
But I like go back sckool, because I can be with my girlfriend and play with my friends.
My english is horrybly broken!
I said that I was too lazy to do something, but my friensd told me when I am lazy I should do something new or study Chinese instand.
I felt it was very typical for Amerika and I filled with emotion.
It was the frirst book that I read on my own.
My ability to understand difficult sentenses was immature.
Returning to Harry's wonderous world in this age, I've found something I had not noticed when I read it in Japanese back in elementary school.
But I think this is why these books are calld masterpieces.
I had studied English in junia high school and high shcool.
I think the best shing for learning English is to keep studying everyday.
and am studing Farsi [Iranian language]. {I'm trying to write articles in Farsi too}
My hobby is watching Japanese animation films, foreghn mouvies, and I especially love Woody Allen and Emir Kstrizca films.
I'm studying English right now and hope to aquire skills to speak fluently with native English speakers.
Philosophical issues, Religional issues, any kind of intellectual issues are welcomed and I hope to have an intellectual connection with someone.
I want to make prograss with my english
I am very glad to be a memer of lang-8.
So far I have studied English for about eight years, up utill this term.
It's so easy to cook and tast good.
I was very supprised.
Eastern Japan has big probrem.
Today, I went to the plice station to get a new driver's license.
I want to excercise for 2 or 3 times a week after this.
the leaders of both teams are frineds.
but somtimes it's not met).
If two participants find one another good, they exahnge phone numbers and they become friends or boyfriend/ girlfriend.
My friend, a frend of my friend, and I formed the men's group. The women had three persons as well.
We enojoyed the party and had a lot of conversations.
So they go to the academy after school and go back home at midnigh without time to have dinner.
Statistics say that we, people who live in cities, lose good, quality years of life (or our lives) due to ozone exposion.
Yestday, my classmates and I went to have dinner in a restraunt.
But now, it is in good conditon:) I can't relax without it.
The Romens knew more about fighting on land than fiting at sea, so they put a wooden bridge on the front of each ship.
I think the Romens were very clever.
But the history of Rome was very intersting.
I can't beleave this happened.
Do American people tend to include many people in an e-mail when possilbe?
We japanese are accostomed to prenty of things and food.
I stayed up late while they sleft for a long time.
In contrast, The PRC has become rich, but it still makes more threat of force to thr ROC and never recognizes the fact of the separation of the two sides.
I don't think they are wrong, but do they have the gualification to agree to people's self-determination?
I went to the East Coast with my frend.
I brought beer, Japanese sake and some snaks.
I made a committ to serve my family.
I performed in some temporaly groups while the other two joined groups together.
After some time, we separated, promissing to meet again.
I will have abilities to do incomceivable things.
It's [vegtarian]
It's not only the students, but also the teachers who are in trouble and trying to overcome their obstables.
The docter said that it's because of the sudden change of environment and food.
But still, my body hasn't yet ajusted to Korea.
They damaged an atmic power plant.
According to the report from the goverment, there is no danger to their health
But some said that the goverment and power company are trying to
Coul you please tell me.
However, the inforamation gained from advertisements is sometimes overflowed and it is very confusing.
Becuase many companies and shops are competing to win in the market, each shows their own characterized advertisement, which can be too much information.
What is worse, people tend to purchase products or foods even if they do not need that maerchandise.
I believe that more people should learn the way of recognizing whether which infomation is right or not even if the amount of advertisements increase drastically in the future.
they can cook korea food..
I don't kown why...
I doubt I'm writting good.
Anna from Boston eventually finds her ture love, not in Jeremy's luxurious house, but in a shabby bar in Dingle, a small town in Ireland, in the arms of Declan.
This class is bowrring.
I am too lazay to write a resume....
When I enter my room, it smeels good.
I'm so tired right now because we recepted more than 150 students today.
I shoud have gotten up early this morning, but I slept in late.
I am learning English, espically listening and oral english. I have (?) a postgraduate majorde in computer, interested in network security and DB. I look forward to more friends to exchange each other.
Today I am verry happy,
I'm verry happy.
When you look at a Chinese word, you cannot know how to prounce.
I told him not to hesitate, but he said he still wants to be firend with Ice, and that he didn't want to hurt her too deeply.
The sentense is ``Equilibria between any number of substances are representable in terms of activity coefficient correlations suah as the UNIQUAC or NRTL``
But it had Dezel Washington!
I'd appriciate if you read and fixed these sentences.
I am sadisfied with my hair style.
Some insist that individuals wil solve it.
Today I want to challenge new work possitively.
I ran, among crickets and cicades,
that was just an athonished sight,
I think that this may be good fot people who are not allowed to have pet hamsters at home, or people who love hamsters but are too lazy to take care of them.
Through this incident, I found that the country of Japan is not alone, and international cooperation is really important in a grobal society.
Because the weather forcast said today will have a wintry pressure distribution.
I don't know the situation in your coutries but in Poland Spring officially has come.
Spring is my favourite season of the whole year-it's not too hot, not to cool, just warm enought for me.
Unfortunately in going straight for my goals I feel like I have been losing something important, paying not enought attention to relationships with people I care about.
So I cut one side of my hair by myself, which made it more akward.
As he is a serious man, he is going to get along with his sweatheart.
We did not reach a conclusion, but I think it was interesting and will be usefull.
On my way to Suwon, I heard there were 2000 aplicants from my friend who had aleady been there.
I was desperated and gave up trying to get the job.
However, I chaged my mind because nobody knows the result.
When I got there, I noticed that my freind had the wrong information.
However I feel a little uncomforted.
Not only in English but also in other languages I think there are strang expressions like ``break a leg.``
I prepared all my tickets, but not completly.
I was comfused because I heard about it just before I borded the airplain and I'll arrive in Bergen at 11pm and the hotel will closed.
I looked around in the airplain.
I went to drink with some coworkers yestarday.
We drank still 3 o 'clok in the end.
If you have information on it, pleease tell me.
Because wheather or notyou can be admitted into college is decided by this exam.
The system is feasible in China although mang people think it is unfair because of our country's large population.
We need more college students to bulid our country, to help make our country more beautiful.
In my opiniop, this is very cruel for students!
hellow everyboby my name is May. I like English very much, but I am afraid to learn English; because I make a lot of mistakes.
Could you change this paradraph to make it look more like a speech?
or if you don't have enough time, just correctong it. I would appreciate it.
Funny listner
In concerts, often there are ``funny`` listners.
I can't wainting for the 26th free program on figure skating.
When she got wind of the solution from a Homeland Security officer, she was a little bit comfounded because she had made up her mind not to marry anyone.
I will begin to write again daialy, as well as I can.
I also think that this daiary has many mistakes.
(Actually we are already in Februaly!)
Usually, having her wedding in Maldives will be so romatice to a girl, but I'm so tired for it...
By the way, I think I am quite a strang persoon, because I feel excited when I hear the wind screaming. Maybe it's because I just drank a cup of coffee which always make me excited.
I try to imitate what I've heard from the NPR to correct my pronounciation, my tone, and things like that.
My summer vacation will end tommorrow.
But I am happy because I wil be able to meet my friends and homeroom teacher.
``Don't be a loser`` I keep telling myself that, but I always give up easily ~ I need to be more stronger, tougher and more focs on my target!
It was taugh because of its length.
(I heard announcements in French, and I liked its pronounciation.)
He mentionde a gilr who I love very much.
Her busband dose not have a permanent job, therefore he helps occasionally with the washing of customers hair.
Particullay, that of Japanese bush warbler made my ears perk up since its voice is unparalleled by any other birds.
I really believe that she is my great adviser and suporter.
I think it refrect the sensitive feelings that we have.
That's the reason I registerd it today.
The prefecture has lots of skii resorts and held the winter Olympic Games in 1998.
Becouse of Love?
Actually, it's one of the moset amazing social network services I've ever known.
Language Excnahge, LE in shorthand, is a great idea.
I am dissappointed in you!
You are my friend, and I always beliving you but you lied to me.
I finished reading the book ``Excerpts from a Family Medical Dictionary`` by Rebbecca Brown, one of my favorite authors.
My favorist Japanese singer is under arrest.
Last weekend, my favorist Japanese singer was arrested for drugs. Her name is Nariko Sakai.
On last Friday, a wrrantant was out for her arrest and she became ``suspect Sakai``.
It is really sad to hear that-I still can't believe such a nice, sweet lady who smiles like an angel is a drug addictor.
Just when people were worrying that she might commit suiside from the shame of what her husband did, the police found drugs in her apartment.
People came to realize that her dispearing was probably not because of the shame of anything, but to escape the drug tests.
I'm not a Chirstian.
This season, church choir members are very busy preparing for Chirstmas.
Our music director chosed very rhythmic and complex music.
So, I am a staff of the convinuient store.
Maybe it's a different customs about what the staff of the convenuient store has to serve to their customer.
After that my manager appeared and he complainted about me.
Too busy to do yoga and study other langueges.
Of couse, today is very hot as well.
I have to buy chocolates for my co-wokers before Valentine's day.
And I'm worried about the costs because I have ten co-wokers.
His name is ``Charo``, the mascot character ofNHK the NHK English program.
So I have to write my disertation, and look for a job.
today, when I checked out my blog configuration, I found this site in my favoirte.
The first thing is my Machintosh Computer G5.
Visitting Zoo is really fun.
I've lived in the nurse's accommadation near my hospital yet.
He said, ``Get a picture is not a plite way to write Hikari, you could say orally but not written``.
Starting Lnag-8
Hopefully, I can make more and more friends, although my English is not so good, but I can always communicat with English speaking people.
Bart and Lisa, daughter of Homer, cooprate with it.
One friend is going to America for further education and the other will work as an analysiser in Shenzhen, we will be living in diferent places around the world.
The story is about a dective who had been a high school student.
I comuute by train every day.
In the evenig, I catch the 8pm train.
I ofhen read a book on the train.
but I have no ploblem.
I washed my hair with my favarit shampoo.
I heard that it is good for the helth.
It's reasnable to think that individuals don't tend to own pianos, but families do.
I've rewrited some Chinese diaries for Jepanese friends.
But I'm taking a year off to improve my English abiliy, and go on a vacation to take a break.
When I was yonger, I liked painting and studying fine arts.
But it's very differnt from visual design or fashion design.
That keeps worring me
But some of us like to play command sport games, some people love to play intelectual games, and others love to play computer games.
Stop hating clesses in school, or stop hating boss at work, or stop hating other people.
So simple to learn anything, or converse whith anyone.
My wife is little worried about her appetiet lest she will be fat.
I used a strategy which is to take a concentrated attack against the one of the opponents, who is weeker than the other one.
The games remind me of two defferent feelings.
The one is the law of survival and the other is the story of the 'Hare and Tortois'.
I want to make friends with someone who lives in a foreign contry.
Today my vaction begins.
I wana sleep soon, but I have a lot of homework.
I hava to start studying now ^ ^;
Today, some laggages arrived at my home.
(I used this airline to go to Europe last month, and transitted in Russia. It was very cold there.)
Some georgrapers say ``there are no places on earth that have not yet been explored.``
(But I thnink human beings actually haven't explored the bottom of the ocean at all yet.)
because only little girls are horeines in his works except for this one)
Nobody belibed in the testimony of his father, except for Pazu.
The girl who came down from the sky, whose name is ``Sheta,`` had the magic stone, and she was pursued by the army because she knew a secret of the Castle.
Pazu decided to search for the Castle of the Sky with Sheta.
There are two kinds of high schools in the mainland--jounior high schools and senior high schools.
Compared to jounior high schools, the teaching quality of senior high schools are considered more effective on the students 'future.
Some schools would even damand that girls cannot have their hair long enough to reach their shoulders.
I'm goint to take the entrance examination for a Japanese university in case I fail at my first choice, that is, some American university.
from 9. 15 p. m. to 8. 20 a. m.: gogo kyu-ji jugo-fun kara gozen
: juichi-gatsu nitsuka, mokuyobi
When we were at Tennoji, we were spoken to by some drunkun.
And please let me ask another qustion.
Tomorrw.
Hopefully you can help my Englis.
Beause that was far from school, and the holiday was very short.
During three weeks our reserch group that includ ecologists, zoologists and microbiologists, will be studying wild rodents and their microbal flora.
This is the first timr that I have seen the entire school covered with snow!
I thought it was rude to put loggage in a seat, so I replaced it on my knees.
Because I can use any vagetables and it tastes very good!!
My Mygandmather made MISO and gave it to me.
I think the Japanese goverment should restrict where people can smoke, because their smoking affects non-smokers health.
If you have any suggestions about how I can improve that, I'd be really greatfull!
Could you give me some advice to learn tecnical writing?
After that, my proffeser invited us to his house to give us a great dinner.
but I will come to the intternet cafe as often as I can.
Recently she has been melancholic and doesn't do anything, washing something, cleanning, or cooking...
I used Yuzu tea that I made last November to cook yuzu floavored chicken.
Recently I have gotten hokked on Japanese cake.
But it's no use crying over spilit milk.
It was like a musium of lifestyles in the 18 and 19 centries.
But, I don't have any frineds there so I'm worried about my travel.
Does speaking only improve speanking skill?
With only a small quantity, it speads and foams easily.
I like the convinence but hope it is safe to use.
I do not know wheather it is because I haven't done English exercises for a long time or other reasons, but I just feel unfamiliar with the English words.
I've joined a team where I can learn darwing for free.
And when I was dreaming, I thought my soul was being pulled by a line and flying to the sky, when I woked up, my soul came back.
There were more regret, loss, mistake, repentance, contradiction, indecision inn their young lives resulting from the unperfect ending.
and we found some gravy, but they all were too expencive.
Conspicuous vs Norticeable
dengerous!!!
The building is very butiful.
Start to read with diiferent views.
We also played succor and baseball.
For example, Japanese may be diffuculty in terms of respect usage such as the humble forms.
It is growing wormer because spring is coming.
Yesterday was a National holyday.
When I was warking at the office, I felt the earthquakes.
One of my roomates recommandate this website to me.
I studide it for one semester, but there is one year left for me to study in college, so it's a pity that I have to drop it and spend all the left time on English to pass the CET6 because I need the license to find a job.
I translated it directly frome Taiwanese into English.
I was a cartoonaholic.
Beacuse I had a good time during my childhood even though I was a key kid.
I am 20-year-old guy and a university studuent in Tokyo.
It was very diffculrt and I couldn't do it very well,
it was bad, but I lerned somethiing today.
Please recommand:)
Everyone has a funny or inrteresting incident when he or she was
Many childeren wait for Christmas day which is on Dec 25th.
We threw her a birtyday party.
I wanna, at least participe with something, but I'd rather have something good...
I want to recommend a heart-warming movie staring Robert Dinero to all of my online friends, because it can make us reflect on educational perspective, parent-child relationships, and so forth.
But I'm into this completly and I like the story they told us together with it.
It is said that this typhoon is similar to the 'Isewan Typhoon', which occered 50 years ago.
Because normaly this county has no rain throughout the year, all roads and buildings were built with no consideration of rain.
What happend when it rains in this country is it causes leaky roofs, floods, and traffic jams.
oh ~ ~ ~ late--!!! I was sick last week-.-!! ungelivable
I only wish that I could recover from this desease sooner.
The Nepalese sause was very hot and spicy!!
What would you prefer to learn among abovementioned options?
And then the guid took us to Pataya.
We did some banana boating, jetskiing, motorboating, parasniling while we were there.
I'm an English lerner.
For one of my Englidh classes, we will make a newspaper in English.
Actualy, I am always very sleepy duing lectures in class.
Also, I woukd love to share some interesting things about my daily life.
What makes me think he is a crative person is the product he came up with.
When I was in China, I could use my cel just like in Japan.
In fact hardly anyone in China owns a Japanese cel phone.
I rode in a night-bus from Nagoya last night, and reached Sinjuku, Tokyo early this morning.
I thought it wasn't serious, and it didn't hurt very much, just a litte.
And he told me it might have resulted from lack of the muscle in my knees and recommanded that I do regular exercises to build their muscles.
For three years, he murdered 7 women and buried their bodies with careful prepartions, and he reportedly has shown little sense of guilt or remorse so far.
What illudes me
The deadline for the resume was yesterday and I'm going to make a presantation next Friday.
At that party,_ I found out many coworkers are thinking about their carrers.
As I mentioned abobe, it may be one of the characteristics of Japanese office that they are very crowded.
I was born in Ooita preficture which is in the Kyusyu (Kyushu) area of Japan.
After that my family moved to Chiba because my father was tranfered.
I thought ``Hey, you wana make me angry?
I don `t know fainal Fantasy.
I reffered to ``Majicon`` in yesterday's entry. (
The sentence forced them to pay compasation and prohibits them to produce, import or sell Majicon.
I expected that there were some people who were agaist this sentence. However, there were more opinions which were against it than I expected before I read it on net.
I feel sad to think that DQ9's release was postphoned due to them.....
It is intresting for me to use this site.
If my English skils will be better, I want to use this more.
My Ebglish skils poor, so please colect my jornal.;)
I haven't seen every espisod of Bones yet.
Repereing Computer
I work for a lublication equipment trading company so I often write emails in English.
But my freinds went to their hometown.
This is my first diary entry after a long separetion.
Japanese people are struggling to save energy this summer because several electirc power plants are not operating right now.
Goya, or bitter gound is a kind of summer vegitables in Japan.
When I was young my mother put a Goya dish and I always frowned while eatindg it.
Are there any bitter vegitables like that in your country?
The first dream which you have on the first of January is improtant here in Japan.
Unfortunatly, I had a bad dream.
You've screwed up everything, you know! ``I coud n't understand what he was shoutig and I was just petrified.
Usually Susuki grows in the wild, and many Japanese people can enjoy the typical autumn seanery in nature.
But, I canged teachers soon.
It was a busy 30 minites.
This photogragh was taken by me several years ago.
It was really great to meet them, simply because, it reminded me of several wonderful momeries of the time I met them.
Studying IELTS is not a easy job, I having been preparing for alomst a year
In the last English lesson, the instolactor showed me this site.
It's a youthful moivie.
When I got into Dinosaur class this moring, I opened the door......
The first one I made was I hoped everyone could have good helth.
The second one was that I hoped eveyone could remember me after I leave.
I don't have a place where I can sculpt, so I make things by paier-maches.
My head itchies.
I'm wondering if there is somesing I could do for victims of this disaster.
My job, working in a cafe in a department stor, was busy.
This is my nineth entry.
I wonder if I can continue to write in this dialy, but I will try.
The Heike people were defeated and disapeared into the sea: samurai,
a Buhhist temple (Amidaji) near the sea to ease the Heike's spirits.
performing peoms and playing the biwa (a kind of guiter) and his best
She is bright like the sun, athletic, postive.
I can see the ocean every morning because my univercity is near the ocean,
I think we have fewer haliday than other countries.
But I can't deside what to cook.
This website is written by a member of a Japanese ecnomic think-tank, so the contents of the website is related to the economics, and all contets are written in Japanese.
You are too concerned with what was and with what wil be.
Now the olympic game is being held, and whenever I see the elected athletes from all around the world, I think this documetns really suit for them.
The weather is urgly today.
The couse itself is dull while the teacher is more boring.
Well, I didn't like the techer neither, especially today.
After two classes, our task was finished so we went backe to our campus.
That means I can't go to the huuuuuuuuge summer sale once in six months whici is right now at some wonderful and famous shops in Tokyo.
Omgash, it's killing me..
Actually, one of the my foreign friends had never known about certain grammatical terms such as ``phrasal verbs`` or ``prepositional verbs`` befoe I asked him.
So I guess it would be difficult, of course, but I don't think ``it would be impossible`` to think in Enlgish.
I only earned 500 yen (5-6 dolloars) with that in a month.
``what is your strong poin?``
Today, I tried TOEIC test.
He got a holyday before GW because plane tickets are verry cheap.
I don't get a holyday before GW!
When She was working near the Uno port in Okayama she met the sargent of American air force during Warld war 2.
but we. couldn't usally have conversations.
In my book, they say that in Okinawa many people live untill 100 and more years, is it true?
Of course Michey, Minny Donald, etc. were also there.
I'm living in Yokohama (next to Tokyo), working at game macine maker.
I'm wrigting a manual for installation, maintenance or conversion.
My university doesn't provide us with a good enviroment for studying.
I was very disapointed.
It is a university in America but there is a campas in Japan.
Yesterday I bult up the Chrismas tree.
when my dauthers were much younger, I felt it was too big a tree,
Becouse my daughters can do it themselves.
But I desited to keep it every year, even if they leave in the future.
I am hooked on vegitables
On wendnesday I was sad.
We were shoping around the market.
This is particulaly in Japan.
But when I went to university I learnt that English was especially impotant for my future.
I can give my opinion in simpl words, write, (with mistakes, of couse), and undestend other people if they don't speake too quickly.
I learnd it is important to believe each other and to make a good partnership.
First, we are reading a book about stock for bigginers.
There are two kinds of peple in this world..
Today was another hobrrible day at work.
PS: rewirite or reorganizing my sentences would be nice if need be, thanks.
I guess I'm too yong, but I want to learn English very much!!!
I don't think I make any preogress at all.
I enjoy studing English now.
Anyhow, let's pray for him because he died from the pressure of the mass mdia.
My first dialy
Thank you for reading my dialy!
However, this trial account is even more inconvinience than the Korean WoW server trial account.
And, I can only make a n original character race such as human and orc, etc, but I can't create a race from the expansion pack such as Drenai and Blood elves.
First, I would type Torquay, after of all, there are some unnecesariness characters, 'r'.
hallo!!
Now, I'm styuding Korean in Seoul.
I have been studing English in another country before.
Writting, Reading, Talking, Grammer, Listening, or Pronunciation?
She is really beautiful, atractive, and fluent in English.
She is the one who really encorages me to work hard in studying English. When I see her acting in movies, I feel that it is possible to master English if I try hard.
Laterly, I feel very, very boring ang upset when I have to study. I dont know what's wrong, it is just boring!
Why is 'on' used in this sentense?
My favorite bands are Dream Theater, Yngwie, Steve Vai and also like Bullet for my valentine these thesedays.
The differences between ``(jorunal)`` and ``diary``
A week later, I am absolutely disappointed and desperated.
Instead, the hair desingner ruined my hair.
If I get PR (Permanent Regidence) through RSMS, I need an IELTS score of 4. 5 (overall).
It is a famouse method also in Japan.
Summer vacation for the elementry school that my kids go to will be over at the end of this month.
I Finnished the test!!
I'm bery bery tired.
When I heard that news, I couldn't belive it.
I bought some fruits and drinks for her in a supermaket near my house.
It made me nurvus, but it was finished so easy and early.
I'm looking forward to going there but forcast says it'll rain both on Saturday and Sunday.
It's rainning.
I want to go home but it is rainning.
Dmn!
I left my family when I enterd colledge in Tokyo.
I moved to my next apartment when I graduated from colledge and enterd my current company.
cause and because how are they defferent?
and if you have some examples and can give me some sentense using the two words that would really make me happy. Thank so much.
And I think it's one of the best doramad that I've watched.
And I love when he plays the violine ^ ^
Becouse I hadn't thought about it before.
I read books on the couch outside, had breakfast and lunch by myself, worked for my profeccer on my laptop in my room, took a nap for 20 min and played basketball between study time.
I thought Pruett's house is the best environment for improving English because a lot of students visit their house and I can talk with them naturelly very often.
Yesterday I had an entrace ceremony for graduate school.
Today, there are many useful tools on the Enternet.
I performed SAMULNORI at school with (some) Vietnames people.
In the atfernoon, although I am not a Christian, I went to (the/ an) international church in Vietnam.
There are many tasks comming due.
Roony is wonderful!!
Nobady opposes her topic, on the other hand, someone could oppose my topic; for example, if you have a friend who didn't drink, this person can be checked instead of a driver-something like that.
If she wants to make a speach about not drinking and driving, she needs startling reasons.
We are not crashing the office or anything, but we just feel freelier than usual.
All last week I was dreaming about stretcing out on sand at a seashore.
Yesterday was my friend brithday
We are best friends because we have the same spirit of a social-worker and we share company proble with each other.
However, I have to write about social ploblems for an English exam; it is called IELTS.
I remenber my friend whom I met last Sunday in church saying, '' I'm only a newcomer (as well as me), so the thing which I should do is doing things which faced on me, I think. ''
As soon as I woke up, my little daughter asked me, ``What's for breakfast today?`` I was thinking for a while and then replied to her, ``Let's make pancakes!`` We then took a bag of flour out of the capboard, and a carton of milk and one egg out of the fridge.
This is my fifth dialy in English!
It was hard to write the dialy for me because I have been learning English for a week.
Recentry, I bought an iPhone.
I installed some useful applications, such as crassic books for kids and dictionaries.
but the episodes are saved on the recoder.
Second, they usually have tatoos on their back, so if you want to know whether a person is a Yakuza or not, please go to an onsen together to check if he or she has a tatoo.
Not all people who have tatoos are Yakuza.
On Sept. 20th I went to Haneda airport early in the morning with my dauter and her husband.
We were very disapointed and we had to change our plan.
My One of my best Assuie (Australians call themselves Aussie) gave me that nick name.
The relationship in the story is very complicated but the story relects a lot of actual things.
He earnestly took arithmatic and Japanese class.
He execused his manner, but I didn't accept it.
I conplained to him too much.
Tomo-chan ``wears`` the laundry basket like a backback, and says, ``I'm a turtle.``
The Japanese Ministry of Aguriculture recommends for the Japanese to eat brekfast until 9 o 'clock, so I tried it.
scrumbled egg with mushroom souce, pumpkin and asparagus salad, miso soup, rice and a tangerine
Now, I only make a lucn box and I pack it with a banana in the morning.
I always go there by car with my. hasband.
Buying groceries for 7days, the laggage is very heavy.
On the way home, It's difficult to contorol the bike because of the heavy. luggage.
Especially, I wanna ride on a roller coasteru.:)
My daughter always wears a one piese dress.
Some customers thought that I had a baby, becouse I had professional knowledge better than most mothers.
The doctor took my temperature, but it was only 36. 5 degrees celcius.
It was rainning and cold.
Don't regrat (it), just do it!
Today I'll forcus on my balance.
I want to write and speak in nglish fluenty, because my dream is move out to the UK.
I am so surpried when I read those statistics stated above.
In my opinion, you are very busy studing and working a part time job, so you don't have enough time to look after a dog.
For example, although ``Annie Laurie`` is known as a nostarsic song (?) in Japan, all the people (or everybody) in other countries may know it only as a love song.
Japanese peope often import songs from other countries, and change their lylics to suit the Japanese people (or market).
The lylics talk about trekkers on the mountains who climb the ``Nihon Alps (high mountain ranges in Japan)``.
Writning in english is fun for me.
This band is definitely on top of its game: a hansome frontman, a magical guitarist and along with a bunch of Grammy-award winning songs have gained them international reputation.
The guitarist Johnny did the best in defining Coldplay by his ``outter space`` playing style, which is simple but awesome.
Normally, many bands '1st albums are full of noise and aggressvie grooves telling how they are so tired of their own lives.
I am going to Sheattle this summer to meet a highschool classmate.
I have no idea where to visit in Sheattle.
I want to make many freinds.
Hello! first, I introduct myself.
I falled in job hunting, and I realized ``I don't have the talent and skill.
I'll chooe the heart.
It is one of the leading hospitals specializing in cancer treatment and cadiovascular diease nationwide.
The main hospital of Samsung is located near Ilwon Station in Kangnam (Gangnam), and we have 10 brachs of the hospital in Asia.
curently, more than six thousand employees are working at samsugn Medical Center, and they are very active.
My hospital is very supportive of me, and promissing.
In these two days, a Japanese teacher tought us, but in the next two days, a native English speaker will teach us.
I awoke becouse of a big pi-ki-ji-sound.
Though the space project is good, I sinserely hope for the research to cure cancer and tinnitus will soon beas soon as possible.
I could choose between teaching my cousin English or saling unbrellas with my grandparents.
Every time I teach him, it drive me crazy! So, I chose to sell unbrella with my grandparents and they agreed.
Because I didn't know how to sell unbrella, I sat on the chair and looked at them.
I finally understood that saling unbrella required a lot of information, and I found it difficult to make an unbrella.
A lady asked me which one she should choose, and I didin't know what I should say.
I started learning how to use PCbecause I'm going to get one of quolifications of Microsoft in order to get a job.
The biginner course was too easy for me, but the intermediate one was too difficult for me, but I could enjoy both classes.
It's a big and nice one, but I felt the neighborfood around the skate park was insecure. I often saw police officers around there.
She is a very popular singar in Japan.
But in Canada or other countty, students don't seem to work or concentrate on just studying.
If I tried any more, I would have definately drowned.
As soon as got back home, I went to bed and slepe until noon.
We can't afford to support old Japanese poeple anymore.
Recently, electronic tecnology has improved so that it is usual for people to have a mobile computer such as a laptop PC or a cell phone.
However, at around 10am, it was just after the listening section, I was deeply desappointed in myself.
I was sitting on the farest seat from the stereos.
I think they may be feeling inserure about their financial base.
Finding out that all the sprouts had wilted, he gave up taking care of them and he didn't pay attenton to them anymore.
I complately forgot to pay attentin to them for two or three days.
Do you kmow ``purikura``?
The main idea was OK, but there were so many incoherences.
I left home on my Motocilce and ran to arrive at work.
however, others hould that there should always should be a formal distance between the teacher and student.
I was inpressed by the superb scenery there.
I feel soory for my mum.
My children will participate in their elementary school's sport festival on next Saterday.
On that Saterday morning, my wife and I will get up early because we will make lunch box for my family.
Their fathers usually have camera or a video recorder, and shoot a good sean.
While I was listening to the radio while studying, I happend to hear that song.
Afterwards, I listend to it many times while studying.
That song supprted and encourgaged me while I was strivng to pass.
I read an article about people who work at the Fukushima nuclear powre plant.
They get only a 1. 5L bottle of mineral water evry day.
I think there is a risk from radioactivivity.
It was before 7o 'clok but I couldn't get back to sleep.
When I was checking the web site of the local newspaper, I found an interesting atricle.
I went to the theater to pass time untill my lesson.
Docchi ga anata no usagui desu ka.
Anata no usagui wa docchi desu ka.
In Japan, most Japanese high school students study at their shools for three years.
When they are in third grade. They have to decide which universitry's entry examination they will take in December or January.
I was suposed to transfer to another line to go back to Chiba prefecture.
I just came from the company. I bought things in the Seven-inleven in my building before I took a bus.
Although I have a talking tokingdictionary, it is breaken, so I can't expaint it to you at the moment. Sorry.
I'm want to study abrord, so I want to work more!
By thr way, I took the TOEFL last month.
I need to prove my freinds wrong with my English.
Because I told my friends that I will definately speak English like native speaker.
It is difficult to learn Englsh.
Only unmarried women can wear Furisode on celemonial occasions.
I have to prepare for this celebration becouse I'm 19 years old now.
So, now, I'm studying a lot of things in the Meisei University liblary.
What is your hoby?
My hoby is cycling.
And he gave me a nechlace as a souvenir.
The names are Rute 70 and 188.
I already knowen I need to remember the rutes.
But today, I was lacky because I just waited 10min.
The young male doctor I know is only interested in his carrie.
with sadness, I couldn't do anythinig well.
From feeling like this, I can't do anything today, and I want preople I know
My thohgts and problems are progressing in both good and bad ways
I think they have strong motivation for working and learning but they have no self confidence, so they cannot try getting a new enviroment.
They should have the power that they can still go to the future even if they faild.
Now my wife is making preparetion, making herself up, winding her hair.
We will try to visit an electoric store and a drug store befor we go to the firework festival.
Patric Day, Black Friday and so on.
Let me make a brife introduction of myself frist.
My name is Lin but my friends allways call me Linny, so you can call me Lin or Linny as you like.
I love English, I hope I can make friends with some native speakers or enlish learners like myself.
Maybe I have no chice except to surrender.
I went to the library today and brrowed a book!
I'm comefrom China
This is the second time I soverslept this week.
I don't think I will be able to spend this summer if there is not an air conditionar. (more natural)
So, I'll try to not use an air conditionar in my house yet.
Did you use an air conditionar yet?
On wendesday, at 5am, I will get up to travel by plane.
But, the books I realy liked as a young girl were adventure books.
Anything I read teaches me somthing: different ideas, new ideas, understanding and knowing how others think, learning about history, scientific discovery, new vocabulary, new sentences...
I will study Einglish tomorrow.
I'm looking forwerd to Golden Week.
wasting your parents 'mony
He was so angry when my hasband and I tried to carry him in our arms becausehe wanted to walk wherever he wanted to.
Last Wednesday we went to the playground where we could play soccor there.
(He alwasy sleeps only 3 hours),
I just caught a cold, so I didin't study well.
I felt I weasted too much time.
Some people said that they have a very good weekrnds.
However, it is colder in January and Febrary...
The water tepmeratyre was still warm.
It happens when you don't want to tell a lie, but it's neccessary.
Please correct me if I make a misstake.
It was really hot and humed yesterday.
I'm intrested in Hawaiian music and Hawaiian language now.
There I will be working as/ will work as a foremaster on the construction site.
When we were midle school students, though we had a long vacation but had to make up for the missed lesson.
One thing I leaned there is how to smile in the offce, which you use Levator anguli oris muscle when you smile.
When I was sitting on the bench, watching the rain downpour, I thought that this was the first time in decade that I spent time just waitng for the rain to stop
Watching the rain with doing nothing was very confortable, as my mind washed away.
It's a good chance for me to learn engilsh, and help people who want
Chinese girl, bron in Guangzhou and live in GZ
It's cool and cleaniliy.
Today, I got up at 7: 30 and ate brakefast, then I washed my face, changed&
I greeted my boss who is in charge of financial depertment.
Both caces are very stressful.
I bought a text file imput machine called ``Pomera``.
I'm appreciative of the improvement of Interigent technorogy.
Chocolate, Chandy, Cookeis., Japanese sweets...
But in Englsih, does the term... Job responsibility ``really make sense?
What will everyone do tommorrow?
nowdays It's a midern Exam term in kun univerty
I have already taken the exam circuit anylisis.
computer mathmathice.
but now I can't sleep,, the reason is mabey I had drunk too much
It'll be morining soon.
I need to sleep, in oder to end today (?)
As soon as she enterd the room she screamed, looking the wall.
Most of the time I'm not takative.
Now I'm studing English.
I always think that Taiwan is a country embrased by so many external cultures, so Taiwanese easily accept foreign things.
Even my professor who is from America told us about this situation in class beofre.
I wonder what you guys think of this phonomenon.
Are Taiwanese xenomanias?
That doesn't sound too hard, I could just translate my oringinal report from Chinese (in) to English..
In the dispressed end, there are only 594 words in it> <> <> <
Please give me some possitive feedback to encourage me ~ I'll be fully energized!!!
The picture was shooten in a trip in Tailand last year, me and my friends cheering together ~
I sensed a taste of Japaneseness when I soaked in them. I also increased my love for hot springs!
I have taken on a very important and ciritical job.
the number of coustomers reaches 700000.
I hope you will find happness, because you deserve it
This place has the beautihul sea, beautihul yards/ gardens (?), and delicious seafood!!!
I lived with my grandparents untill elementary school.
I was the most popular student among my school classmates because I was the funnist in my class.
I like travel, too, and I am intereste in lots of places owing to reading many books.
I need a help to correct my scentence.
Een hertwarmende video (in het Japans)
If you can't see the ``Ranking`` or ``Footprints`` page (s), please push the 'F5' key on your keybord to refresh the page.
He painted the pictures that were displayed in Ameri's room.
Do you know ``Ameri``
``Ameri`` is my most favorite movie.
This postcard is the same picture in Ameri's room, of course.
2: In the parallel world, there are NO SUCH THING AS cratures.
When we were all full, the wife told us to wait a minute, couse the hairy crab would be ready soon.
Of cource, it is very important and I will never deny the party itself.
Look at Anna's notes about her trip to Pradue and write quastions for the answers.
This is very famous buddhism sentence.
The horn of a rhinoceros is just one& strong, meanning solitude and strength.
actully I don't know
It's because I went to bed at ten last night and gou up at five.
I was watching TV and I fell asleep unknowingly whithout covering my body with a blanket.
After swithing it, I could not use some of the applications.
This is why I cleaned my room for the first time in 2 yeras.
There is nothing but rice fields in my hometown, but I feel lonly for
Tourism is not that big in Japan. The Japanese government wants us toproduce someting like eroctronic.
Today there is a dorinking party
Yesteedya, I worked, in one day, 18 hours.
They chose Bush as their predident...
And I think this song lyricks is cute, a little:)
I'm hopoing so much he'll became popular in Japan.
With fish or beens, you can taste it better.
No one can expect what will happen. [Now] it's time to rebuld Japan!
He lives in Sendai which has been suffering from the big earthquke.
I don't kown why.
Nowadays, I think I have been depressed about studying Engslih and working hard at my office.
Because I haven't drivt the MT car since a year ago, my left foot sooke.
I can listen to a beautifrl song and learn Englsh.
I hope that everyone like me can use this way to learn a forein language.
Driving Licience
As I remembered last year I went to take the test for my driving licience 3 times.
The first time it went okay. I passed the mutipled choice test then went to the driving test.
Above setences derive from ``URL``
So, I often go on bussiness trips.
To visit many cuntry is very exciting.
I think that it is easier to learn French over English because my mother language/ native tongue is Spanish and is similary to French.
About neclear power generation
stop all neclear power plants?
As far as Fukushima neclear power plant is concerned, it operated
My son got the flu last thuirsday.
This winter (holiday) I trid Acupuncture and Moxibustion to help lose some weight...
But it's an imoprtant part of old Chinese medical sciense.
A man was walking with his balck dog.
I attend a class to pratise my oral English.
because I met my ex employer when I worked at Jinsoo accadaemy for 4 years.
He is still a mento to me.
I'm looking forward to getting a free cupon for SC2
A few days ago, I met a friend of mine and he said he will give me a cupon for SC2.
actully, I really like this game so I thoght if it is posible, it will save me money
Sometime, I went to the PC room with my firends to plaing the game.
I think it's very important to explan my thoughts to other people.
For example, why do I want to be a medical doctor, how much do I study per day and what do I do when I'm tired of studing.
I think I spentd quality time with my firiend.
I made it yesterday, however I couldn't eat it completly, so I ate it today, too.
Their parents were youger than me.
Some of the students spoked to me.
And some accessories on my ear and neak ^ ^
<<All school students should study practical skills such as car maintenance, managing a budget, and accounting, along with with traditional academin subjects.
I can crealy remember that day and that moment.
On the menu, I found a ginger-favored drink without alcohol.
Various types of wind-bells are exhbited and sold there.
We can hear Chrismas carols everywhere we go as Chrismas draws near.
What will I do on Chrismas?
YUKI is only guiter singing.
I want to go disney land in America and China too.
I was feeling was so happyey that I forgot about my cough.
conventioal wisdom
On the othre hand, they have gone through to the final.
My first daiary
These movies were made by Japanese stndents.
Because today is the day before the holidayfor childeren.
The rain rainforest is also an important earth resource.
I wii go to a park in the neighborhood near my house to play catch with my boyfrend.
Next term, I will be very busy. I have to prepare for the TEM8 and post graduste examination.
I work at a restaursant as a waitress.
Maybe that is why I'm writting this diary.
Three days after today is the moon festival, and I sincerelly hope that I will be able to see the moon hanging in the sky, and smiling at me!!!
I was very happy to hear that and recieve her letter.
but exercise is good for our healt and help your face look youngerthan you think it is.
Chinese harbal medicine
These days, I drink chinese harbal medicine for health reasons.
3 is a misterious number.
I hope we can have more chane to see each other, because we are family.
But I am confused cause I have no idear how and what should to do.
This is first time I write dialy heae.
Today, I wroute a comment to other's dialy, for the first time.
I couldnn't use Lang-8 for a long time because I was very busy
One of my roomrates had an unfortunate incident this afternoon.
But I should find a different way to solve the problem using courge instead of complaining.
I share my mant things with her.
So, if you have time, please correct my jornals.
Today I left my class 15 minutes before it finished becuase I had to finish some homework that was due for the next class.
The door was in the fron of the class so I had to pass the professor to exit.
I later found out the homewok was not due today.
This was because the House of Councilors election was held in Japan yesterday.
On this site, we can build vocaburary and practice dictation.
Now lots of Japanese are learning English on iknow, and if English speakers start to study Japanese there, we will be able to help or cheer on each eachother.
Each team has its own studium around Japan.
Sometimes have to work till late, but I really love my job because it was my dream to join this industry (I can watch the newest movies/ tv programs prior to their release!) and my collegues are all good to me.
I dodn't know if this character is a penguin.
Even thougt I was feeling really lazy, I went there.
I dont 'know whethar she can remember me or not, anyway I feel happy to see her.
Recentry I have been watching American drama ``Lie to me``.
Especialy Lightman (He is the main person) speaks very fast and munble (not clearly).
I am ashame that I didi n't write here for a whole week!:(
Does anyone know how to treatmaent this bad illness?. Which illness is that?.
Has anybody seen fhe film Brazil?
My dialy.
It is the first time Iwrite in the dialy on this site.
WhenI was a junior high student, I used to write my dialy in Japanese and I quit.
After that, I sometimes write my dialy in English.
It's instractive for me to memorize words.
I have many friends and when we met last weekend, we were smiling and joking, we had desided that: All will be well!!!
I realy hope thet our God helps us.
I have become 24 years old the day beefore yesterday.
Live and lern!
I should lern more and more things.
She baked me a cake and cooked me delicious food like a restaulant.
I'm little shy,_ but it's just that some peole don't real know me.
It was funnier was when I was walking in front of her house and I passed by the windown where he is placed.
It's simple, friendly, easy, sometimes exciting, and sometimes motional.
I am studing English.
poublic lottery
I buy tickets for the poublic lottery.
If I were to win the lottery, I would want to traveel.
yesterday, my skype establisment has no image.
Tha's miserable.
Therefore, I draw picture with photoship.
Oh, soory Ms.
I felt it was diffecult.
Second, some sountries require children to do military service.
I think that good educatio is to present many subjects for children.
In Japan, the Emperor decleared that we won't take part in any war, so Japanese do not hava a conscription.
Japanese children learn about the wars in school, but those knowledge are important hidtory.
Japanese will think that wars are not good, so we do not have to takje part in any war in the future.
I am very much confue about can, could will, and would forms.
I'm a universti student.
I will probably be exhoust, but it will be exciting.
I usually spend time watching DVD's of American drama to studay English.
He made three rules: don't be late, never be absent and do whateve he asks.
From now on, I wll put the posting dates as the titles.
Dictionaryies define it as something fortuitous that happens unpredictably without discernible human intention.
Finally, I cutted my forsythias, my Japanese apple tree, my lilac, and my thuyas.
To achieve a certain goal, we should make an effort even if we are poor, meserable, or the road is hard.
Recently I have been seekig a new job which requires me to use English.
I need to get a high score on the TOEIC test nenx month on Sept 11th.
This club's name is ``English discusssion project by a student.``
I said to an advise,. ``Sorry for the short notice. May I take part in your discussion as a club-menber?
Tateishi is a city for blue coler workers who wanna drink alchol delectably and inexpensively.
I feel my brain has completely swetched from English to Japanese mode.
Because I love music I want to understand lilycs.
Because my older sister married an Italian I want to speak with my new blother...
It has a beautiful and magnificent melody and romantic lilycs.
Our teachers gave us 33 words on the board, and let us choose 16 written on the paper, and if four of the words were as same as the ones that they annouced to us and they were on one line, we said Bingo.
Then he would go ahead and annouce the words until one of us had all 16 words
We had 3 teams competetive.
I also want to improve my spoken and Writeen English.
Of course I sympathise with the main character, he was so brave to overcome his phobies.
She took the test seriously because she wants to study fine art in France in the futrue.
Fianlly, what I want to say is ``Hang up there!
Today, my teacher told me that this website is good for learning Eglish or other languages.
I feared that she might have investigate whether I was unocuppied or not.
I was very greatful to the receptionist for tolding as if I worked at the office still.
I anwsered, ``I see.
Even though I called the office at 5pm, the automated appointment system automatically told me that my appoinment time was at 8pm.
(When the office are already full of pacients, the system doesn't accept me.)
I picked my little daughter up at her nurseryschool school first and I went to his elementary school.
``His fever was 38 degrees C at that time, and now he developped 39 degrees C.
After returning home, I left my little daughter with my hasband and took him to his home doctor.
At the office, there were so many pacients.
When he listened to my son's heart with a stethocope, I saw a fresh wound at the tip of the doctor's finger.
I thuoght that he was working so hard even though he was over 60.
If his fever goes down, (usually his fever goes down in daytime) I'm plannning to take him with a buggy.
Cold Weater
In Kyoto, there are many hisytorical monuments, shirines and temples.
After that, I wached the movie ``high school musical`` in my room.
After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images proyected rapidly in the sky.
Hi evrybody, it's my first time using lang8 to make friends.
Starting tomorrow, I am going to stay in the dormitary of my university for the summer vacation period.
The reaseon why I decided to stay there, is that I just want to focus on studying my major.
My dream is to be an English teachr AND I am already a junior, so I should prepare not only for graduation but also for the teacher certification test.
Have you alrady received a call from him?
He's studing Japanese very hard!!!
I somtimes eat it McDonald's.
They started to grow lettuces to use their humberger in a shop.
Today, I went to a museum for celeblating cultural day myself.
A few days later a beautiful girl appeared at the grandfathere's house.
But I wish for you to never look while I am weabing.
They could hear sounds of weabing.
In my recently watched movies, I liked ``Milk`` and ``changiring``.
Mathematics and the Russian language are compalsory for all of them.
I belive that sincerity could touch god.
enjoy home homeparty sometimes.
My apartment is not so big, so a maximam 4 people was OK.
I was excited abount inviting my friends over again.
Nights in Paris are becoming a part of my dreems...
Fall is my favorite srason.
First is the color of sky is yery beautifull.
Second is the color of leaves is so beautifull.
Because of it, I can't get motivated to study or play sports. It's now clear to me that the most important thing is staying healty. (-_-;)
I'm always told ``Don't follw strangers whatever happens!`` by my mother and teachers but it was an exception, isn't it?
We had our senior guraduation celemony on March 16th and it was very important for this school.
All students try to study or practice club activities till the celemony and promise that we'll be the people who contribute to world peace forever.
But, students (excluding seniors) weren't allowed to attend that celemony.
There were a lot of things which made us sad but we never gave up! For example, we don't have enough electricity because of the Fukusima Daiichi nucleear power plant disaster but we try to save it.
Took an Englsh Lesson.
I'm gonna wirte a diary about my English lesson yesterday.
My first dirary on Lang-8
I learnt about this site yesterday in magagine.
Lang-8 is introduced as a good site for learning english for free in this magagine.
So, I registerd on this site to study english.
But, unfortunately my english skill is poor and not good enough to conduct buisiness.
I would not reccomend you to use this word.
On Taketomi-island, we stayed in the Japanese-style hotel and enjoyed awimming in the hotel pool and beautiful sea.
Nowdays one of my British friends want to speak with me by Skype.
I will write it in cofusion, and the composition will have never have a theme.
Thirdly, my listening abilities are terrible, so I am afriaid of talking to anybody in English.
I also haven't made visible goles to learn English.
I think that when I achieve a heiher level, I will not be able to continue learning.
In 'process oriented writing', students are required to revise their draft acoording to the feedback given by peers and teacher.
Through this procedure, they can improve not only their writing skill but also the communication skills by having vrious opportunities to interact with peers and the teacher.
Natural order hypothesis states that the acquisition of grammatical structures in a second lnguage follows a predictable order.
She ignored the fact that learners were not ready to acquire the grmmatical features she intended to teach.
Before I came to New Zealand, I contrancted a homestay for only 6 weeks so I have to leave tomorrow.
I got myself a summer vacation by a miracle. (call it a miracle because I've got this kind of vaction for the first time since I became a doctor.)
Lang-8 doesn't send a messege to everyone from a mobile phone.
I will send a messege and correct everyone's diary tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
Yesterday, I ate sushi first time in my life (I know that is a little shame, becouse I'm fan of Japan culture and...
Wheather is strange sometimes.
In Japan there are some bars or restaurants where you can eat raw meat like Sashimi beef, checkin or horse (but not pork, I think).
They said that comics were less refind than literature books and that reading comics made children less smart.
Teduka was also an eminent doctor, which made the criticizm die down.
I wonder if it is a problem I have (I've) had since primary school, and it's probable/ likely that I will need to begin practicing.
The goal of this game is to arrange bricks the same as shown in the corner, by picking up, sttepping over, throwing bricks, etc.
During this weekend's holidays I had a good oppotunity of going a civic concert which was held on a hall in a down town, My sister in law lives in the city though she took part in the concert as a performer.
And I also want to make diffrenent friends from other countrise.
The 70th anniversary of the birth of Jhon Lennon is Oct. 9 2010.
Spearking of Jhon Lennon, here is ``Imagine``.
It's the last week in my onw city, before I'm going to move to a big city to study.
Mushroom-picking was difficalt for me.
But parple is different.
parple is eerie.
She proudly talks to me with a smile or she seliously talks to me, and she looks like a swagger woman.
Every middle scool teacher uses this phrase for teaching students the basic structure of English.
And other examples of conversation in reference books are more wierd and bizzare.
I will graduate in 4 months. I aslo need time to improve my english, only do better and I can find a good job.
I love English and the culture of English-speaking countries and also my own lanugage and culture.
in recent personnal changes, I have changed my task.
It's pretty exsiting!!
Actually, I hate summer beacuse in Japan, it is very hot and humid.
I want to know about your contry's traditional New Year's Day.
so skieer from foreign countries came to my town to enjoy the snow.
My hobby is reading histrical novels.
Recently, I am interested in the histry of France, though the histry of Japan and China are my main interests.
Anyway, I'll write about TABLE FOR TWO (which I'm invloved in) next diary.
Althogh it is not a Taiwan's based client, (Chinese client) I can still play it.
Thanks to the public holiday, the restrants weren't crowded.
It's not nonsence, Navi means butterfly in the movie too
Today, I'll tell you about a Japanese famous comic called ``ONE OIECE``.
For the first 5 minutes, each of us made a sequence by yourelf.
Then each team had 20 minutes to discuss, make a final decision on our team's results. We had to choose one member as our spokeman to make a short speech about our result.
But, it was hard to get that kind of chance because someone would start talking before the spoker finished.
The first time I called, no one anwered.
Besides that, two of the many questions he asked me were how I made the number for salary expection and if that was resonable.
Also I will help anyone who studies the Russian languegies!
My friend recomended Lang-8 because he knew that I'd wanted to make a foreign friend and improve my English skills.
Tonight, I walked along teh river, enjoyed the wind, and relaxed.
He speaks fluent English, Friench and not fluend but he speaks good Spanish.
I speak fluend Japanese (yes, I'm Japanese) and ``fluent bad English``...
I got holidy for a five days.
Whenever I needed to celebrate somehting, I liked to buy shampagne.
What are your faovite drinks?
although the bil is controversial, goverment passed the bil that minors can't play the game during midnight after 29, april, 2011
It is expected to curb the habbit of minors who play games for a long time
My daughter is 10 manths old.
Jindaiji park didn't seem like a place that is only 30 minites from Shinjuku, because the area was very calm and has an old traditiona atomosphere.
Recentry I watched a movie titled ``What happened in Vegas?``
I have some umfamilier expressions and grammer points.
2) I think this grammer is incorrect, right?
I also drink a coffee that I gring from my office in a water bottole.
``Into the wild``, ``Samsara`` (by) Tomka Michniewicza and the ``Lord of the rings`` trilogy are my favorite.
I try to read regulary.
I Promis!!
To tell the trueth, I used to go to the same gym 6 years ago.
Why did this happend to us?
I learned that trobles give us pain as well as a lesson.
Whould you visit Nico Nico Douga?
I'm going to meet a new freiend that I met at a bar last weekend.
he is from Russia, and is a student at a unnivercity in japan.
The TOEFL was canclled due to the earthquake and limited electorcity in Tokyo.
JAPANESE PEASE
I'm not quite sure if forigners make peace signs when taking a photo.
It's intersting.
Long fligt
The novels were writte in Japanese.
Becouse I study English these days, I always read children's English books.
While I was alone I was desperatly trying to work for a greater good.
That tought made me sick to my stomach.
The words seemed strange or even distant, like they were adressed to someone else.
I wonder, do I really diserve this?
I was so suprised that someone actually tought about me, that I counted somewhere somehow.
I really apreciate everything and I will try to be a better person.
I was trying to change my password for my Hotmail account, but then I couldn't enter my ID even though I remeber my password correctly.
I would like to cry. When a customor sends me e-mail to me, how can I get it?
I felt so loney (facing this day by myself)
I missed my prarents and friends.
Happyness is important.
I'm loven'it!
And, I'm loven'it.
I seriosly need staple foods.
It is one of my favarite quotes.
When will tha dream come true?
A few days ago, I started to lern Russian.
I'm learning English because I promised to practice English with my ancle last year.
However, my frige was almost empty, so I needed to go shopping.
I am attached to my club because I feel warm-heartedness, friendship and affection with seniors, jumiors, and companions there.
Anyway, Thank you for reading my writing, and I think my witing has many, many, many errors.
Perhaps you know, that was because there is a story that an earthquale will happen in Aichi or Shizuoka prefecture.
Bacuse I can't go outside so maybe I'll study math, society and histroy
I would like to have a fridnd like her (* ^_ ^*)/
And then, I ate lanch and went to English school.
After the dentist checked all my teeth, one of the dental hygienists cleaned my theeth and scraped some tartar.
I want to watch this movie in IMAX 3D theatre,
So, unavoiably, I will watch it in Ilsan (Which located near Seoul) this weekend, but I wonder whether it will still be screeningthen.
I think the all chilkren love today too.
When I was a kid, the happies day was Chinese new year.
Needless to say, it doesn't matter what color you are or which nationality you are because color is just a concept and we are all special, but sometimes it seems to be a little hard for us to understand and acknoledge differences because of the lack of the oppotunities to interact with people of ohter nationalities.
I saw my class is very fuuny.
They were always yawming and their faces looked like they were miserable and bored.
Looking for a roomate and a Stadium
Also, looking for a roomate is a sort of frustration.
However, it's not easy to find a good friend (roomate).
Today is application day of& nbsp; TOEIC Test.
The effect of Grobal warming causes this abnormal weather.
I was startled but then noticed that she learned the phrase from a children's TV program that introduces classic Japanese poems and litterature in a memorable way.
He died ealier (around 29 years old), but he did a lot of things to change Japan.
Then, my daughter said with smile that she was looking forwad to the next day because she didn't know what would happen.
It's amazing that they held a concert in Taiwa.
In Taiwan, not a lot of plople know them, so when they came to Taiwan, I was so excited!!
I hope other foreign musical groups, can alaways hold concerts in Taiwan!!
I found the movie mature and realy touching.
I think I am fat, I should do exercises and eat more healt!.
I'm study in the University of Arts of muy contry, I'm learning song lyrics!.
I have a two best friends, they are grat girls!.
My family is very very big, although currently living in my hause is, my dad, mom and my sister.
Today, I am going to Spporo for shopping.
And none of them are even preety! It's only the ugly men who want to meet you!
Amason has started the bookreader's business.
A friend of mine and I didn't thave enough time to prepare for this trip, so we booked a bus tour to see The Great Wall.
She is a very kind person, and is always willing to help peopel who need her help.
I think friendship is the dearest possesstion of one's life.
He introduced me to this site and told that I shoud try it.
I also logged in Skype agin, but I just don't know what to write today for I haven't kept my diary updated for such a long time.
I recieved a postcard from my old friend.
I planned to visit Singapore in the midle of May.
Until resently those were only used by housekeepers and the industry sector.
Now that the flu news spred all over the world Mexicans are treat like leprosy.
Rachell '.
In addition, Rachell had been pregnant by Ross who is one of the other friends and ex-husband of Rachell.
``Staying healthy is most improtant in our life.`` I totally agree.........
I'll do the laundery and clean up the room.
But I can't retern to the nice rhythm of life.
So what shuld I do?
Actually I really appriciate him because I knew he was always taking care of me and trying to encourage me, and he did his best for me.
I think my speking ability is getting bad.
The teacher was my hasband's boss 'wife.
Who can tell me how I can improve this ablity?
(I accept recomendations for places or courses:D)
I will start to try writting entries in English.
Time flies away. Half of my vacation has gone by. I travelled and spent a lot of time with my family and freinds... Now I have just one month to relax and do something I realy want to do.
Therefore, I am trying to decide how to spend the rest of my vacation. Should I do an intership or just stay at home and learn someting? Actually, I want to do both of them, but it is hard to do two things at the same time. If I do an intership, when I come home, I will be so tired and exhousted that I won't be able to study.
Ok, I found the solution... Maybe I should try to improve my enlish during the rest of my vacation.
During two weeks, I ate lunch in our workeplace.
I have asked my teather this question.
I think this is one of the strangest things in japanese.
It would be very kind if you could check my grammer and vocabulary for me.
My answer is abosolutly ``yes``
They, (people), do not just suddently come up and become your friend.
Of couse sometimes we fall out over some small thing, but we understand what kind of personality each of us has, and so we can soon make up again.
I think the meaning of a real friendship to me is, whatever you decide, friends should always resepct your decision, whenever you need help, they should always try to help you, or ask someone else to help you, and wherever you are, your friends should always be in your heart.
I'm watching The Simson's family on TV now.
The Simsons is an animated film.
My purpose of lerning English is to study abroad.
How am I momerizing words?
First, I read the textbook of English words and check unkown or vague words.
``Again`` cards are checked reatedly everyday.
But I recommanded her to see a doctor before it gets any worse.
I read a sentense.
I am at Chingi air port.
Please cheking my diary!!
My mother-in-law sent me a text message which said ``Happy bitrhday to you!
He wants to give me a suprise, I guess.
I will proberbly get something delivered.
And I don't understanngd the difference between ``my mind`` and ``my feeling``.
But in the US, we celebrate new babies before they are born and it is called ``baby showe``, isn't it?
The following is just something I heard from Krean radio program.
Unfortunatelly, she loves cats.
They are going to pay up to $ 2500 to paitients if the paicients qualify.
So, the way things stand now, we don't need to be so carefull when we walk around outside.
Even in the center of the city, I've hardly ever seen someone committ a crime.
So, they are fullfiling their resposibility to help this country be secure.
And also, the tender and calm desposition of Japanese people contributes to safeguarding this country's security by adding a synergistic effect along with the steady support of police.
It would have been an honored and pleasure to just to be on TV alone, but they also kindly offered to pay me.
I changed to playing vollyball. Some classmates were there already.
Tanabota's probability is suppoused to be very high tonight, because on the night of July 7 we celebrate Tanabata Star Festival.
To my regrat, I drank all my medicen. So, I'm going to eat some hot things.
I coudn't go ahead because they had been waiting to pray for a long time so we also had to wait for a long time.
While I waite to pray, I felt so cold.
After I prayed, I went a cafe restaurant and drank a coffe.
I hated English at school, because. I failed the excems.
The students who cannot come to scholl will be behind.
Jazz conceret and New York
``I don't know the difference between US English and Blitish English.
Sometimes, I wonder if it's too difficult for American people to understand Blitish English or for Eglish people to understand US English. ``
``I cannot differentiate if it's US English or Blitish English everytime I listen to someone talking in English``
So many things have happend since I last wrote in my diary on December 14th, 2010.
Carefuless me
It could be a good resauce to make a money.
When I was a high schooler, I studied English to preper for college entrance exams.
I used a runnning machine and ran a long time.
I completely feel like dietting is not easy. Hahaha ^ ^;;
How can I study well with this helth problem.
At the beginning of this vacation, I had a detailed plan: sleepping time, study time, everday workload...
It seemed to be fovorite content for girls, because it was composed basically of the love story.
I went to the consert of the circle held in Kyotanabe campus at Doshisha University last Saturday.
This is my first dialy
We met with our relatives and talked to each other a lot, as well as cooked and ate a dilicouse meal together.
It is difficult to creat a story quickly.
They proved to be congenial partener, and they gained both a nice song and true love.
It didn't matter to him if the others didn't understand, it was enough if just the woman konw.
In my conpany We work at an aricultual facility to store rice until the harvest time.
So I worked there over nirgt.
My first dialy.
It's an importand message, isn't it?
The massage fee is very expesive, but I will go there again.
So please add me as a friend and help me improve my Enlish.
Today I did away with some of my clothes and accessaries.
Just to make my muscles a bit more streatchy.
I'm a graduate student in Japan, I use English everyday for reading papers of my major and speking with foreign researchers, so I have to build up my English skills.
=> I live in an aprtment.
Do you think apratment are the safest housings?
I can listen to music, take pictures, draw a picture, play games, plan a course, check weather, et.....
Lang-8's update infromation.
I hope these documents can help or wath else do I need to do? Also, I'd like to know if the hospital where I'll take my exams is part of your coverage, inasmuch as I already have an appointment to do these exams this Wednesday at 8: 30 am, Thanks for helping me.
I organige these classes by myself at the local community center.
Maybe becouse I can speak English just enough.
Music was grete!!
But I couldn't understand waht he was saying.
That's doesn't make sence at all...
My listining comprehension has gotten worse.
I never touhgt that before I came to Australia.
I took my mobile phone out of my bag and tried to puch the button to call the police.
The docter diagnosed my illness as ``noro-virus or rota-viros``.
Some pople claim that it is necessary to know what is going on in the public through the infomation listed on advertising.
Thanks to advertisements, humans can gain the lastest infomation efficiently.
As a result, that infomation brings more comfortable and fruitful lives.
On the oher hand, there are many disadvantages to travelling by bicycle.
Firsly, riding by bicycle can be dangerous.
because bicyle don't have roofs, unlike other types of transport.
I had never hospitalized,_ because I had been helthy till then.
Farst, garlic fried.
Second, sousege fried.
threed, tomato fried.
I went to my mother's home from Friday 11th to 13th of June to particepated in the reunion of my Junior high school class which was held on the night of the 12th.
So I had to leave my mother's home at five o 'clock and take the first train at twenty to six on Sunday morning because my home town is Shimoda, three and a half houre away from the center of Tokyo.
I set my alarm clock for four o 'clock, but I noticed that she had already got up and was doing something in the kichen (even) before four o' clock!
I knew this because I slept in the room next to the kichen.
Then she called me from the kichen ``Are you all right?
fm, but the service is like a textbook, there is no comunication.
But I'll have to go to work tommorow.
I ususally think of some Korean sentences I'd like to translate into English while walking alone.
It's organized by four Koreans Ive never met before.
If I am free today, there is no problem becuase it's Sunday.
Because eating eggs is a traditional costom in Chain.
On this day, I can eat a lot of dilicious food and get many gifts.
Although we do not togather, but he can rember to me, I feel I'm very happy.
I was spurised by it.
Becaouse I feel the cold or.. because I am nesh.
It is famouse for its mandarin oranges, rocks and beautiful women.
Stay at home with my san.
I love American movies, and the most powerful thought driving me to improve my English is that one day I will be able to enjoy American movies without chiese translation.
But now I feel I am gradually getting mature. I can now understand and know a person. I will try my best to find a solution to every baier.
afganistan..
but I want to be able to listen at this spead!
A freind of mine told me that it is really catching on.
It looks boring, ha, however I understand how it works to attarct men.
Many people smiled and looked at her crarwling.
You can get to there in only 50 minitues by ferry from Singapore.
``All inclusive`` was confortable for us.
We didn't need to be bothered with money, so we tried various cocktails (as many as we liked!) and a lot of excursions, for example snoceling, sailing and so on.
We found a snoceling point in a sheltered rocky area just by the beach, so we were able to see lots of fishes.
After snocelig, we always had sweet cocktails at the beach bar.
Pho is verry good.
Fried banana tasted verry good.
His condition is abviously bad.
His talent and experience is undoubtly best among the team.
It was no problem with the group reague because Japan was going forward to next round step by step, but now is a tornament.
I think he should be unlisted from startimg member once and feel refreshed.
I am going to unniveristy
Fighting Aginst A Sleeper
I try to not to fall asleep but I can't lol I can open my eyes in English calss class, but another calsses make me sleep couse I'm not interested in them, especialy socialogy; (Maybe I dislike it in the world.
I attendented my all classes.
Yesterday I atteded a wedding with my parents.
We did a lot of activities to celebrite the marriage.
However he spent a lot of it for private perpose, and the company found out.
Before this, I thought only a proffesional could create a game.
I don't speek eanglish very well, but I am trying to learn it.
The job is to let many people know a town's good points, so my employer wants me (us) to apper on the radion to inform the activity.
Though I didn't understand exactly what it was, I understood they cerabrated something today.
One of the humor parts of this book is the gap between the common kid and the Go master.
The treatment finished incomplate:-O My mom was angry too.
I think this web site's idea is wonderfoul for learning languages and making friends from all over the world.
Short diay
Do you have your profile, where you can write short menssages (at most (?) 140 characters), and that menssages will be displayed for all your ``followers`` (people who follow you and have acess to your updates).
And you can read the menssages of the people who you are ``following``.
Twitter can bring to you great information (news, reviews of products, construtive opnions) but can igually bring useless garbage like what your ``following`` is doing at the moment (for example eating breakfast, who cares about it?)
Today is July frist, and the sun is so strong.
The heat made me remeber something from last summer.
It's a littlebit hard.
So, we began to think seriously obout the job.
My granfather is 96 years old.
He also tolked about World War 2 (or WWII), recent economic developments in Japan, and memories from his childhood.
She was robbed twice, one of her son married to a caucasion girl, and her credite was terrible.
I saw that fhe sky was quite blue, and seemed very far.
I want to go to foreing countries.
There were many people who belived it.
I think marrage is a very important family event.
Why do you learn foreigh languages?
I've heard the English sound since I was chiled.
I've wanted to speak English since I was chiled.
It was vocablaries, glammer, reading, and writing..
I didn't have an umbrella with me, so I went back to my house being brenched with snow.
I wolud wike to read ``NY Times``, ``Wall Street Jurnal``, and ``News Week`` without using a dicitionary and wolud like to watch ``Roman Holiday`` without Japanese subtitles!
my saddness
I'm a boy in China. Even though I have been learning English for 10 years, my leavl is still very low. Learning English is difficult for me to some digree.
I'm going to the Akuarium, Museum and Art Gallery with friends.
Yesterday, I couldn't concentrait on my work.
Recently, I have lacked concentration, because my relationship with my partnar has become serious.
hellllo. It's been a long time since the last time I've been here!
He shouldn't hold mum in olw esteem.
My Instroduction.
Because It's very fun when I performe at our concert.
But I have a littie bit of time for myself.
Pleaes teach me English!
In order to use internet via iPod Touch, wireless LAN is nesscessary unlike the iPhone.
But now I feel even more willing to continue my studies and finally reach the level of Japanese that allows me to conversate with native speakers.
I wathced one episode after the other.
Yesterday I went to the New Culture Spuare to watch the Firework Show with my friends.
but it is so difficute for me.
Generally, stupid Japanese students who are learning English almost can't speak Englihs at all.
To master another language is the most difficult subject out of any other subject, such as physics mathmatics.
Tomo:(Hey somebody please kill this stupid Japanese bicth) Hey wait, you still can 'tunderstand English at all.
Sometimes, we need an explanation about English grammer in Japanese.
Bussiness Trip
I must help with the construction of Chuo Hightway.
Both the brighter and the darker side, so I know how desperate I am when someone say something to me, as well as how much I want to give up when I meet an obstacled, in addition to how bad I felt when I was blamed and disapproved.
It's been raining all day today and it's aound 60 degrees, which is kind of cold for here.
1st, I listen the dictaition of Englsih book which is TOEIC text with reading it.
I try to practice about five dictaitions evrery day.
However, I would like to make friends throgh Lang-8.
Europe, as Motherland of football always have been showing thier strengh.
I sleptover today.
I also sleptover last week too.
On Thutsday, my first class starts from 11: 00am, so I woke up at 8: 00am to go to the university.
I am disapointed with myself.
Chakras are ubicated in each auric body and are responsible of retaining and metabolizing the energy a body needs to work optimally.
Usually the literature about this theme describes chakras from the emocional body as the only existing ones.
In each aura layer, that has one level of especific frecuency, we can check the existence of [other/ different] frecuency levels from seven chakras.
I am Japanese college sutudent.
I am listeng repeatedly to a song in the album
like to listen to YUI, I recomend this song.
It was said that there will be a Gemini meteor showe! I like meteor shower.
Today I ate hamberg with my wife.
I have not ate hamberg for a long time.
Iin Tokyo, it was snowing.
It was very dificult.
So, I was worrying about the resalt.
I had a good time and it bacame a memorable day for me.
I don't have enough time to prepare for the test, but there are a lot of assignments that needs to be dane.
So we need to follow nature in a sence
Ever since I was a high school student, I've been playing electric guitar with some of my. frisends.
And I think these tastes are greatly influenced by each country's clutural background.
Some Australians actulayy have been attacking Japanese whale ships using illegual methods such as ramming and throwing chemical bins and turning on water hoses.
Thier ornanization sanked Iceland's whale ship by using underwater mines that are a complete crime.
We had a sports conpetition at my school today.
as long as I try to do as above, I could achive it.
But it's I have to use it for writting diary entries.
I sometimes use my English knolewdge at work especially when I have
She is a graduate shcool student at Tukuba University in Ibaragi prifecture and she majors in physics.
She studies grobal warming in detail, and she has been in Garmmany since last month.
I am always motivatied by what she does.
I studied English on the Internet which by taking English conversation classes throuh Skype from 11PM-12PM.
I played bascketball with my host family's children.
They are 7 yars old and 4 years old.
They invited me go to play bascketball.
Have a nice holidy, everyone!!
daft pank is really cool
The land of Touareg extends to Mali, Nigeria and Lybia too.
The Touareg had lot of trouble in Mali, so they had some revolutions there in the 60s, 80s and early 90s.
The group Tinariwen have members from Mali, but the leader lived most of his life in Algerian Touareg territory after his father was killed in Mali.
Today, I larned cosh.
Yesterday, the weather forecast said it will be 28 dgrees in Tokyo on TV.
I like wtching and listening to rakugo.
I wanted to tell everyone the magnificense of rakugo...!
Monday, Thursday, and Friday, I have a clase in the morning and Tuesday and Wednesday, in the afternoon.
Today, I studied lots of vocabrary, for example the name of food and clothes, in Spanish.
I want to speak English and Spanish and of course Japnese:]
Whatever it is sad to reaiize, but for the last 4 days, that I spent on this site, in my posts there was only one correction.
Reacetlly I would say that spring is aroud the corner even though today it is still the beginning of February.
I don't know if this is the bay area's tipical climate or if it was a mild winter.
More specifically, nowadys the citizen's levelof education is increasing, whichcontribues to the enhancement of the nation's competitiveness.
Besides, the ever-increaing house prices, econamic problems also make modern people feel under endless stress.
In conclution, if employers can stand at the position the employees, it can reduce their stress, and at least make them feel that what they work for is worthwhile.
The story is interseting.
``He liked the expreesion of trust on the woman's face as she lay in the water unprotected, exposed and free.``
We don't have articles, proporsitions, modal verbs, praticiples, etc.
His breath was so gentle and he looked so fragile and vunerable.
I know that I am a bit coucou haha but it was about...
So, that's it, thrauma.
Japanese themselves aren't soo scared, but I am here acting so riddiculous?
I held my breath, looked straigh into the screen for hours.
And, at that point, I became brave and ready to go foward no matter what!
Huamn capital has a high rate of return and positively affects the growth of the economy in spite of the obvious imblance between human capital and physical capital in China.
Coutries I really want to go are places near beautiful seas.
I'm not sure that I can write diaries evryday but I'll try and I hope
it was a reaaly hard day for me because of exams anddd quiz as you know...
Actuall, I am a little bit worried about the crowded shopping mall, but I still hope I can buy many things at a good value for my money.
Recentry, the big event r finished.
I thought of it last month, but I didn't decide at that time because I heard rumor of cheaper Macs.
He said he went home with one of his freinds.
His freind had lost an arm and leg during the war.
I am late, but I am luckly. The others didn't leave without me.
My favorite Ramen restraunt
My cousin tought me how to write longer sentences.
She is th biggest pet in my house.
I cannot sleep becaue of jet lag.
they helped in my physical lmitation.
Third, my listen ability is terrible so I am very afriaid of talking with somebody in English.
Forthly, I can't use the punctuation in the rigth ways, so when you read my diary entry you might feel confused.
That's why I read the article diffcult. (??)
senventh, I haven't the visible goles to learn English.
And finally, I think that when I get to a heiher level, I won't always be able to keep it up.
I had two bowls of remen and some rice.
I felt sleeply in the afternoon because my stomach was so full.
Tomorrow, I will practice driving my car with my hasbund.
So I think that in Japan we should depend on lawyers instead of citizens who are amature.
I heard the Eikaiwa school keep opening. So I decided to go to the Eikaiwa school last night, nevertherless ths school was closed.
Now I am woring in Beijing, and I want to improve my English.
also, l think l mak some mistakes.
First I got up late and when I was in a class, the teacer aske me the meaning of a word.
I always think too much and hesitate when I speak in Engligh.
So many peopele like Japanese!
I'm a beginer in English.
My pearents were worried about me because they thought that I may not have been able to get any jobs.
I'm happy that I have a job, but more than anything, I'm happy that I can make my pearents feel relieved.
My position is gard ^ ^
It is difficult to study two foreign langusges.
My English stracture is terrible and a nightmare.
I'm wating the delivery.
However this gameplayer is different from any other game.
Because it can be used for exercing.
Using it, I can do yoga, boxing, bowling and mouscle conditioning.
However using the Wii I can exercide at home.
If someone is interested in studying in Japan, comsider this university!
The coplete name is ``Akita International University``!
passoinate and got a load of energe..
I used to read his picture book when I was a child, and I am still interested in his drowing.
He wanted to see Big Budha in KAMAKUR and eat green tea icecream again.
It would be more joyful if there were some pretty visiters here.
I also imagined that I was a CEO of big corporation but I went to work in orange shorts on a GT bycicle.
I'm realy a crazy person.
I like to play on the gitare, draw and play volleyball
Peter's stupid jokes always amuze me.
When I was an elementary school student, I had homework everyday, espesialy to read Japanese text books to parents and ger some coments about the reading.
My favorie food.
It is used as a medicine for indian.
Because during high school, students have to study under a tigh schedule.
She finshed the language earlier than me.
Usually Japanese don't talk aloud about personal fainancial condition or appearance.
The other day, one of my students said that he thinks the woman who likes rich men is a realistic and steadfast person, because rish people can be happy in reality.
A roomate of mine turned on the music loudly and that is what woke me.
My favorite plact to relax
It is so confertable.
My dear dother, I wish you health, luck, happiness and love.
Nowdays l 'm studying emglish very hard.
The main reason I am learning English is so that I will be abke to speak it.
Last Saterday Night's Illness
MANY POEPLE ARE IN HARD SITUATIONS!! ``But almost nobody donated.
So I guess the students got a few thouthand yen.
please become my freind.
This is a book about trips in Thaniland.
Poznan's championschip
I volunteer to help organize the canoe sprint championschip from 26. 8 to 30. 8.
I think that we (the sportsmen and I) could talk about rowing, canoeing and sport overall becouse in junior high school I trained in rowing and generally speaking I'm an active person:)
He can speak Frensch so fluently!
I paied too much tax, so the money will return to me by applying it.
I belonged to english speaking circlle last autmn.
I really prefer to stay in a room because I think it's more confortable to sleep on bed than on the ground.
I'm flom Japan.
I had been writing dialy, but there was a webpage error.
I think we all want to pay attention to this traditional festival but we can't because the goverment won't permit it.
-We think the house will be confortable.
He was the only one who graduatione from university in my hometown. (Not sure what the latter part means...)
Thank you frome my heart, my good example.
After eating lunch, we went to household sppliance store to see smart phone.
Docomo started a campaign and I can buy smartphone cheaper than usual if I buy it during Auguest.
The bus is the cheepest way to travel.
I like the atmospher of this town.
I'm writting from my room.
Today, 18 Oktober
Though I've thoght this word means ``interesting`` or something like that because of its picture form, this word actually stands for ``Laugh out loud``.
Today I'll just bitch a little bit about my assigments, wich, by the way, are due tomorrow morning.
Let's grab another nice cup of coffe and keep on going.
Now, my father is in the hospital because he has a mental desese.
but I warry about if she will not be to collapse.
I'm chatting with my finternational friend on facebook.
I was so surprised when they served kimuchi and beansprouts as appetizer because they served justonly a piece of kimuchi and two or three pieces of beansprouts.
afte that, when I was in midle chool, I began to learn it again.
I think the lagnuage is too difficult to learn,
Because, I had just gotten my results and throughaway them away.
Please teach me I can't superate them
Technique in learning langage
What is your teqnic in learning the language you are interested in?
My English is on the basic or intermidate level so I need to increase my vocabulary.
I don't know how to learn a languang well.
Yestoday I got a mail.
It's about a celebration in the Feroe Iland belonging to Denmark.
The celebration happens every year in the Feroe Iland, some young teens kill calderon dolphins to show that they are adults and mature.
It came up to me, and I didn't avoit it.
Today, I've went to Tokyo Disney Land with my wife and daughter, though the weather forcast had warned of heavey rain in the area through the day.
Due to the weather, there were fewer people and we could enjoy more atractions than usual today.
That cafe was so greate.
I remembed the time of my middle school age, at that time, there are (were) two trees in my home yard, one is the peach tree, the other is the pear tree.
Taean is a penisular surrounded by beautiful beaches and ocean.
Please let me know the traking number!
In my opinion, you cannot learn a new language or even travel through the world, wich is my dream, if you don't know how to speak in english corectly.
This is my frist time to attain Lang-8 so now I just say Hi to everyone who study English and who are native English speakers.
FLY I am now preparing for IETLS, so in the future I will show my IELTS Task 2 writting and I will be very glad if people give some suggestions to improve my writting.
I am a colledge student at Osaka unive.
Please corret my poor English.
Thanks to Lang-8, people who come from different countries can chang languages and communicate with others.
Just so you know, I'm having some diffculty learning English.
Till thd day, I had studied over and over again.
Especially the scene where& nbsp; LA is& nbsp; tatally ruined. It& nbsp; was very very awesome and fantastic.
Of course, I tasted all of them out of curiousty, and the taste of 'Super White Tuna' was quite unfamiliar to me.
When people eat this fish, it causes diarria, as the oil from the fish comes straight out without being processed by the body.
After I went to the restaurant, I am sure I got a stmachahe.
However, I am not sure whether the cause was the Super White Tuna or overeating, because it was a buffuet-style reataurant.
This fish lives in the Pacific Ocean, so you can go to South Korea or Hawaii as well as Japanese reataurants in North America.
I'd rather forcus on how to correct the problem than focus too much on the mistakes, and blaming myself and others.
Hello, my wuderful friends..
What a unfogetable day!
But I have been continiously woken up by aftershocks.
I think this is what is called phychological torment.
Even though it will take about 5 hours by car, I hope I can enjoy it and release the streess from the test.
whenever I see her, I deciede to go on a diet.
on the way home, the wind hit my cheets again, and I jumped tnoto my bed.
Nice to meee you.
I wanted to study today, but I couldn't becuse I have a bad headache.
Anyway, I went to Japan 3 monts ago.
I'm worring about two things.
Anotoher is the expensive tuition fee of the business schools.
But I know there are a variety of options for studying in the United States, such as paticipating in excutive programs.
Even though it might be hard at first, I try my best to fix my troublesome charateristic.
Isntn't it a time to change my old, slow and accurate style into a fast and inaccurate one?
And some of thr students do work hard usually.
So that they can compete fot scholarships.
I shouldnn't tbhave eaten the sweet bread..
Due to it, it took me a long time to get out of the aipport.
I had an orientation there amd sent e-mail.
I dealt with my lagguages for a while, then joinded them in the living room.
She asked, ``Is this your boufriend?`` pointging at one of the photos.
She also said, ``You can find a new boufriend here!``
Recently, one US doller equals 78 yen.
I thougt perhaps that they were junior high students.
Time always passes quicker than I think so I just want to have the pleasure of time being a student, and time with my freidns, whatever that is!
I just felt an earthquick right now while I was writing this entry!!
Scarely!
I'm a sunshine boy. I live in SuZhou. it's a beautiful city. our city is favous for its traditional garden.
we have many deautious food
hel me to learn English in a short time!!!
Acturely, my English is not good. So,_ I came here to improve my English.
I think that I am a friendly girl, and I want to get more knowlege from here.
In addition,_ I want to make moer friends here.
now I'm considering which contries I'll go to.
and this vacation is alomost one month long, so I want improve my english level.
I wanna send a message saying ``Thaks for correcting`` and ``goodpoint for correcting``, but I have no idea where to click on my page...
enjoy the time left, may you come accross your happy-rough life safely.
Just 10days have passed since the massive erthquakes and TUNAMI hit the north east district of Japan.
There still reamins fliquent aftershocks.
This disaster must change our way of living and thinking because we realized that we have to live with rimited energy and resorces.
I wonder if we will have to get away from Fukushima prefecture for a long time in order to avoid radiation, but I'm quite convinced that Japan will rebuild our prosperitey even though it will take way too long.
It's saving grace that we still have strong unity among Janapanese especially those who are young.
First of all, the color is Crimson or Red Brown.
Gothic font is very clear and ellegance,
I especially like OHNOkunn, who has stolen my heart since about 2years ago.
He is so tarented and so sweet.
I found out about this site from ITmadia's article.
They shut down the factories and laid off labors/ workers.
I couldn't raed the book black boy yet, and I have to write this diary.
AA company informed us that they launched a PC e made of full alluminium for power users.
I feel the freedom and proud of my achievment.
A lot of people will suffer from obesity due to their sedentarism lifestyles. Some humans will have the ability to read other people's minds.
Bautiful flowers, beaches, and it is peaceful!
Not only Bob but also Patric!
I went to hang out in Shinjyuku city and met a cool guy who seemed to be involved in hiphop so I aprorched him and he said
Probably because it is diffrent from Japanese culture.
My fevorite book is ``littel prienc``, I wrote about it erliy.
Also, I want tell about my fovorite season.
Specifically: I am a moody person, and of course my emotions often are conect to weather.
My grendparents and friends live there, and of course I miss them, and am glad see them
and therd: in summer I can do evrething, that I could not doin all year.
Also I like automn, but I like it only in Peterburg, because I am sure that our city is the most beutiful, when weather is cloudy.
Hello to all young gentalmen and nice ladies.
Have you ever thought about the 'tears of sorrow' of all mothers that lost their sons in the many wars that have no meanigs?
``The fandamental Teachings of [Quran and Hadith] Vol. 1& 2 Compiled& Edited by
In the battle, one mighty country planned to attack the other two countries. But the two countries formed an alliance with each other and they plotted, schemed, and used geographical advantage to finally win, even though the ratio of the soldiers in the one migth country to those in the other two was 800000 to 50000.
Becausee I thought my bad headache
(I comletely got well from my headache)
Student numbers in the coutryside have decreased, so schools have been closed.
Even though there are no students anymore, local schools become new community centers for the villagers.
Her words imressed me so much.
Recentry, I came to like cooking.
First, nowadays fast fastfood is very delicious.
But I did not think that it was a dall, because it would look very real.
I reviewed the English doucuments written by co-workers.
Though I was not sure that a naitive speaker could understand these sentences,
in Particulary, I was confident of/ about the prepostion and article.
Then I wil write natural sentences for native speakers.
Until the medicine for yellow fever was invented, there were hundreds of people dying from that desease wich could not be cured without drugs.
Luckey him!
I don't know why... Maybe it's becouse it's 35 degrees C and you can't do anything outside?
I guess FMyLife is a serivce in the USA.
Muggy agternoon.
Actually, I was hangry an hour after and ate a bowl of noodles.
If this continuts, I think my friends will not recognize me this coming vacation.
There were three times the people than normal, you couldn't even move a little step in the aisle, and the air was dirty and frowsty.
Luckly I got one, but it was a seated ticket.
He was a business man, and has big falimy with 4 brothers and 4 sisters. Just a typo
My training cours
I had a training cours this summer and I worked in the Councul Department.
When I first came, I found it suppotive.
I was happy becouse I was not afraid.
When I didn't unterstand something, I asked for andvice.
He plays basketball with his frients after school every day.
Last year, when I walked around my home, I noticed a small signbord of a Shodou school.
Aithough I am an English major.
Now my grade is brown belt, the grade befor black belt.
Japanese custamer who had participated in a travel tour requested compensation from the airline companies.
The clsss was an elemtary theory class about DSLR cameras.
I try my hardest to write my diary whithout using a dictionary.
bacause it remains so long in my memory.
Mouse likes cheeze.
Honestly, I forgot how to spell ``cheeze``...
I have a good impression for ths movie.
Unfortunately it don't make (manufacture) make-up prodoction.
I knew designers normally need enough, confortable space for not only their work but also for their sensitivity. (Sensitivity?)
[Help me OTL] Part time jop:) What's OTL?
I wokred at a one day part time job as a waitress for an ltalian restaurant.
I didn't work much because the restaurant manager is my neighber.
so the manager gave more work for the ohter part timer to do.
Well, it seems like nobady wants to comment on my diary lmao.
You've might have heard of the title because this book won the CARNEGIE MEDAL instead of Herry Poter in 1997.
The sea means goal for each peoson.
We hava a small garden with lots of plants so
Poeple who don't know manners like you deserve to die soon.
Today, I have started ``Lang-8`` because I found this site in a colum in today's newspaper.
I called our gus station.
This ceremoney promotes hope, dream and peace.
I heve been there five times, but it is different colors every year.
Saga is a nice provernece.
I live in Tochigi. Saga is farr away.
In Sasga, I do not have an Internet connection.
thankyu in advance.
An explanatioin of 'MOE'
Tashiro was arrested again in possession of cocain.
pllen allergy?
Once I started studying Economics, it turned out to be intereting.
Homecomming visit
I will read a vocubulary, and read how to write letter, and how to read very well.
We haven't practiced our 3 songs in the stadio together.
To be honest, I dontn't want to be part of the live performance... because there is one song that I don't want to sing...
We will practice in stadio for the first time to prepare for this live performance because we have no time before the performance.
It was reflesh.
Because a dog is more cuty, pretty and it is more loyal than cat as well.
For example, mastervation..
I bought a new badominton racket yesterday.
I like needlwork very much, so I was excited to see these many shops and materials.
Of course, most of the visiters were old women:-))
I knew his anwer. That was what I thought.
So I registerred.
Maybe it'll mke me poor in the coming 4months.
I spoke with my friend who cames from England...
I am proud that I have such a friend, who knows alot of English and can travell to England along with other countries.
Now, I am woking at LG Chemical Research Park in Korea,
I designe control logic design at graduate school,
my mojor and I can't learn about my major.
but it is an electric vehile and it will take a few years to
I've alreay had a can of beer so I want to go to sleep.
That really makes me feel embarressing, I act like a retard.
In the past I seldem felt in the same situation, I could go straight to the answer or explain things in reasonable way.
I told him the problem is that Korea's [/ RED] educational poliscy focuses on the grammer, rather than lisning and speaking.
For instance, there are more than 50 dialogs in Liberia, and that's why they have strongly felt it nessasary to lean English.
I am a camtain of the team.
After playing footsa,
He was navie and self-centered
The prescription contains liquorice and other kinds of medicated hearbs.
Anyway, todaty was too cold for October!
My faverite sport is basketball.
Because of vellaball is not popular and difficult to find the space to play.
Baskeball, as well, is dificult to find the place to play but I love it.
Yeah, it has became a fun way for me to learn English, which I can appreciate their wonderful content and learn some unseem structures of English.
Next suturday, I'll go to see a consultant on a studing abroad.
Many words I have forgotten. When I read books, many words look very familier to me but I can't remember what they mean.
I am not romantic, so my wife alawys say that I should be more romantic.
On holidays, he walks aroud the riverbank for his health.
I really appriciate it.
After work, I wnet to the only Daiso in Canada.
But here the price is twe dollars.
I felt reluctant to buy some sutff.
But last Wednesday, I learned by Internet that Kagrra's concert was canceled becouse there was a problem with some visas. U__ U
I have to take my tickets back tomorrow, becouse Kagrra's organization will give a refund.
I need to take over my team leader's job beacuse she needs to take some time off to prepare for her baby's arrival.
Every day, I need to forward her email to each factory in the morning and help them to slove their problem.
I bought many things, such as a vacuume cleaner, a refridgeator, a table, a bed and curtains...
Imoressions of America part 2
The budget of the New York Yankees is begger than that of North Korea.
However, I won't give up until I can swim the buttergly stroke.
Quiero (Quierro) ir a Espana.
My teacher sent everybody the e-mail, which said ``If you get this email let me know by replying to the following addrress:
Anyway, as I checked it just now, I found 5 e-mails which should be sent to my teacher only but were actuallly sent to the whole class.
However, not all kinds of miso are good for eating, only misso free from artificial additives.
I hope next time the weather will becom good.
The company recentry introduced a new system whilch will allow me to withdraw the money from my bank account.
I bought yoghrt at the supermarket.
This bacterial fermantation is sour.
The Temparature is high.
Seicomart convenience stores offer a few kinds of reasonable house wine priced around 500 yen, whitch tastes good enough to drink at home.
The restaurant had different kinds of Beigian beer.
I drank three cups of Beigian Beer.
Beigian beer is sweet.
I asked an employee why Beigian beer is sweet.
This tale is nothing compared with the occidental classic literature, maybe because those tales is about danish florkclore.
It is a mixture of mistery, fantasy and rarety.
``Powor of music`` is a new event in Tokyo Disneyland.
I can't sleep because I'm loney.
Pls be informed that this shipment will be deliveried as LCL via Hongkong.
Schedule as below for ur reference:
Between you and me, there is a special and magical way that if you do not consider the above things and write a fucking boring essay whether it's long or not, your essay will be colorful with red and blue with warm comments within few minutes: just show a picture of your pretty face or of another hot woman found somewhere else online such as unknown hot celebrities.
Maybe I do not want to learn english at beginning. but I will try my best to learn it in fruture. my glish teacher taught us many words, but I cannot remember them and use them in the correct way. what can I do?
Becouse my friends studied for exam in this summer.
At that time, he faced demotition from Ozeki to a low Ranking.
Second foreigh wrestlers dominate especialy Mongolians.
I sent a music box to her by express sevral days ago.
We always say ``happy birthday`` when it's somebody's birthay.
2 policemen were killed, 55 policemen are missing, and 4 policemem are injured.
The food is not as delicious as I expectaion.
The food doesn't taste as good as I expectaion.
She is not as beatiful as she appeared on TV.
I have great expectaion as much as I try.*
I don't want to dislike my coutry like her.
My mother's native lanugage is Japanese.
We happed to meet a Japanese tour group.
I asked someome of the group in Japanese.
I was really suprised by his behevior.
I was a littel bit shocked and sought for the reason.
Didn't my Japanese pronuctiation sound like native Japanese?
My bad English wasn't understood by the Perucian,
I thought they had High-mountans disese.
I want to go to Peru agian.
I have a very nice memory of it, ecxept for the Japanese torists.
I was impressived!!
Today I feel so blue, I find some knowledgy I learned before have completely gone.
Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries, I'm able to improve my skills and develop my carrer.
Why can't they drive more gentlely?
Now that I've learned that there are potholes on the road as well as ordinary minor cracks and holes, I will pray for the safety of all the dfivers!
So I remembered about the time I chose my job when I was a ager.
I dropped by the library on my back way and I brrowed ``One Piece``.
I used to read this manga and I thougt that I wanted to read this manga again in English.
Since I didn't know anything about actors, I've just looked for the actor who played 'Halord'.
The Notebook feature lets you easily review those worthful notes.
Altogether I started to pracice sports becouse of him.
Today, when I was about to get in my car, I found something on the glound.
Then he recommened me a fortune teller that is famous, Indian and accurate.
additionaly they were right for me.
fortunely, lots of the thinsg she said were good.
It was a wonderful experinece for me ^ ^
I quit smoking in April of this year, but because of too much stess I started again.
I know it's not good for my health, but somoking after having a lot of stress is beyond expression.
when I surfed in Japan I could stand up 1 time, becous it was a long bord and the waves was small.
so I brought a short bord, it was so dificult for me.
becouse it's very boring at my place.
it's very beautifle.
I wanna know why but I'm afraid to hear the turth.
Checking my diary (not all of them, but most of them), I found my misktakes are mostly with ``a`` and ``the,`` which many Japanese strugles with when they learn English.
I really appreciate people who suggeted my journal.
Another doctor who did the plaque removal is also quite skillful and careful.
Major quantity of the books like taxtbook that I used to read when I went to school.
Eijirou is differrent from usual dictionaries.
So if you have any problems with your pc or networks ask me; mayby I will be able to help you.
Well, after I passed an English exam during the secound year of my studies, my contact with English has been relly limited.
I am really nevous about the toefl test.
Not write the sentence too long, Not chouse an answer so quickly........
I am from Vitoria da Conquista-Brasil, I am 20 years old, and I am a studenty of tecnology.
My wife and I celebrated it with our two daughters at a small japanese resterant.
Frankly speaking, I compeltelly forgot this special day until this evening.
We went to Seoul tower, some shurines, souvenir shops and so on.
Bangkok Turmiol
Recentry the iPhone has been popular in japan.
When Minko saw him, she was jealous of Ohamna.
I startde Lang-8 today.
So, I stady English very hard.
After a horrible/ terrible/ awful economic recesion, many contingent workers have gotten fired which means they lost the way to make a money and live.
The system was very simple, first you sign up by entering your parsonal data.
I will go to a bookstore, and buy some books and magagines.
I know my weight, so I can be very carefull about what I eat and drink.
My goal is to lose 3kg, so I have to do more exersise...
we will make takoyaki which is a tipcal Japanese food.
frist day-Pusan
Everybody got merried.
I didn't get merried becouse I was young.
Because the weather is nice and confortable to stay in.
The main character of this story is a docter.
I'm Japanease but I live in Beijing present.
I need to be eble to speak English and Chinese as soon as possible, so I decided to start to write dialy in foreign language on this website.
and if you know any populer or funny slang words, please teach me.
A meat-eating type girl is agressive toward hunting boys.
A grass-eating type boy is non-disagressive towards girls.
question 2: how to pronounce epidiymitis?
The white bridemaid: ``That's disgusting.
The white bridemaid again: ``Who wants a gargoyle, or whatever he is, at your wedding?``
The white bridemaid: ``I don't know where to look...
I've never seen bridemaids dancing at a Chinese wedding.
English exam is made of vocabulary, analysising sentences, listening and so on..
Analysising Engilsh sentences exam is very very difficult to me
I've been through the hardnship of quitting.
After losing, a bad tast was left in my mouth and I felt an urge to try to get even.
hot pach
because he is the most populer actor of 'Pirates of the Caribbian'.
It started a few weeks ago when my little brother got dragged to a dance cours by his friends.
Without a partner, I guess ballroomdancing dancing is quite hard...
So, let's open our hearts, in order to be freiends and to make progress.
Frome.
I believe the uniforms shown in the picture appear to be orenge and bule.
I must speak engish becouse I want to travel to other countries in the future and English may help my in my future job.
In th afternoon, my homestay mom and two gusy came back home.
We had no script so we were just listening ank wacthing the movie.
Although the situation with radiation ploblem, derivary delays or power saving didn't change much (it still is bad) the life of people, who live in less damaged regions, such as Tokyo, seems to be slowly coming back to normal.
In the morning, While I was wating for my friend to pick me up, he mailed me, saying ``I'm drunk and feeling bad, so please come and pick me up``.
So, that place is always full of poeple ^ ^
I want to make it more significant and emphatical.
but for me that is not enough, I must make more chances to omprove my english skills.
I wrote a letter to them to ask about volanteer....
I guess shi must be around 27, right?
I didn't contact the volanteer stuff after all, but your advice was very informative.
Recentry, I read a comic.
It was my first trip abroud.
I was asked about the Tunami by some people.
He reccomended that I drink Kava.
I think most Japanese are polythistic, who are not very religeous.
Please have some if you have chace.
I'm 28 already.. and I'm going to plan my future life in this year.. something I sak myself... what do I really want?!
My job is teaching English at pravate school in Japan.
They were able to open the lock quickly, but I was shoked and disappointed as I had thought they were old enough to decide what was wrong and what was right.
All my family was at home becuse of the snow.
I'm looking forword to communicating with everyone in English.
I am interrested in this movie's subject matter.
I think that it would be horrible to konw death.
I am studying bioligy now.
But they wathed it (not only the first part) and maybe even read it.
These people go to the cinema and see this movie just to laught, to make funny comments or to rephrase dialogs of characters.
For a long time I belonged to the first cathegory.
I desided to benefit from this action so I had to read it in English.
But I was so excited and glad that I could read in English anh understand it that I've read all of the saga.
Exept for poor language (the Russian translation is even worse) there are lots of Mary Sue and out of character stuff.
Anyway I've read four English books per mounth.
In the practice mutch, I got punched in the stomach and fell down!
The instructer said that it was not so strong, but I couldn't speak.
We lay on our backs while the instructer stood on our bodies and jumped three times.
Today, on Sunday July 11, 2010., half the members of the House of Councilors will be elected for three years.
S, China, North and South Koria and all of the other countries around the wourld.
I also want to go aborad and communicate with others more smoothly.
Today I met some korea friends.
I don't think that korea food is spicy.
My favoriot is toppki though.
Summer vacation is around the conner,
Most pople are starting to make plans.
It blows from East-NordEst, and it's a really strong wind.
In this Bora blows with a medium speed of ovee 100 km/ h (over 55 kts), and the highest gust reached 188 km/ h (over 102 kts)...
While I was walking, going to the university, a tile fell about one meter from me: it could have killed me, if I just were in the wong place at the wrong time.
Some of them didn't sleep last night, becaure Bora makes a lot of noise.
We're accoustomed to that..
Our ancester have a proverb, stating that we dependon our parents in the home, and outside we dependon our friends.
The relationships betweenoneself and friends isn't to make use of ehch other.
Some people will make friends with you not bescuse he or she like you, but bescuse you can help him or her in some way.
I'm in low spirits now becuse I feel that I am being ignored for this reason.
I will study Enlish at Starbucks today!
The artcle recomends to take notes of every idea that comes to your mind,
The reason for this is so that it gets completely aborbed by the skin.
My birthday was two manth ago.
My mother made it and it was delitius.
I can't see the lisence number or even a part of the numbers.
The pollice can't pick the criminal up.
On second thought, she always asks people she meets about therir& nbsp; jobs because she is concerned about her own future.
I dont know why smart phones are so popular among people, but it seems that they have many atractive functions such as Skype, Internet, or many other applications.
However, this situation is only in tha Japanese market, so what about your country?
Especially, gratin with chestnut and cream cheese, which was very yammy:) The soy milk pudding and tohu donuts were delicious, too!
So when we have practice for all of the mambers, I have to plan the practice before we start.
And please try to watch it if you have a chasnce.
I replaced the sentences in the grammer book with my own sentences.
Today a debate occurred bwtween my mother and I. We started discussing the topic from the minute I stepped into my home until bath time.
The topic was on my dressing stype.
Then she said she felt confussed and disappointed about how I treat my occupation with my whole spirit but don't care about my appearance.
I know it's important to hold on to the precious period when I'm just in my twenties, and that's just what my dear mum wanne me to do.
I don't wanne let my mother down.
Another reason is that, someone used to say that she thought I look the same as Aoi Yu, a Japanese actress with a pure appearance, and I wanne keep the simple and pure impression in others 'minds.
I have just arrived (or I just arrived) in Adelaid, austrailia, but I am worried about my poor English,
I don't have enought money to keep travelling, so I just found a part time job in Adelaid City as a sushi roller,
I will be really greatful.
When I arrived at the hotel and unpacked my baggages, I went out with my sister to take a stroll along the river nearby.
I am not good at listning and writing.
If you want to relieve your stress or you feel your daily ruten is boring
In order to enjoy your trip, you should consider your safty while traveling.
You had better leave your valuables and expensive jewelry in the hotel when you go out, and you should hold on to your bag. In Pusan, you can't use traveler's chequens.
If you want to enjoy that tou should choose the ones already fried.
my costume was a baby, and many people laghted at me, and took many pictures.
Frankly, it's not unuseful and inconvenient.
Even it's occure only at the first meet, they may get tired of hearing that.
It is very convence!!
Recentry, I have been playing a game a lot on my DS.
It is very fun and we can learn Englirh!!_ This game is very nice!!_ COOL!!
Monoris?
At night, I drank with my friends, which made me forget my tireness.
I'm a little busy untill this afternoon.
Even though I have the official working holiday visa, I couldn't get a so-called ``Ausiie job`` due to my lack of english proficiency.
As the title sugests, I'm new in this cummunity.
Whether feeling happy, sad, depressed or angry, music is allways there to support my mood (unless my cell/ mp3 player runs out of battery xD).
I signed up for this community because, obviously, I want to improve my English writting skills and I'm hoping to get your help.
I know this is a terrible introduction but if I continue writting, you'd have a LOT to read, you'd get bored and finally you'd close this page without correcting it.
I've been thinking what I should do here in Japan, because I always had some goals to achive when I was in Canada.
That's why even when I'm doing the same things that I've done before, I feel it in a diferent way.
I've pratically never skied before, but I'll take some lessons.
Our four girls really had a wonderfor time there!!!
TESK TWO-Comparison Composition
Singles can do everything they want to like trevel, buying clothes, working for a career.
I am a writer, but my story is unfinshed...
Anyway, someboday help me please ~
My pronunciation is poor and sounds like a bad hollywod movie with a Russian Ivan speaking in English.
I learn Japanese bacause I'd like to go to Okinawa to visit a karate master whose name is Morio Higaonna.
Tokyo Malathon
My big brother participaterdin in Tokyo malathon last month, which is the one of the biggest citizen races.
He finised at 3 hours and 6 minutes.
He has been really good at running long distance since junir high.
Thet weren't in this game but the live game was good!
These taxis startid to run in our country.
I bounght an LCD television made by Sony today.
A famous Korean acter committed suicideby hanging himself with an electric cord.
The saddest part is his older sister had committed suicided
Some journist think he had depression and that he was suffering under his sister's death continually.
Can you arrange the stuff, after you clean the refridge?
I was shy because I was afraid of making a amisstake.
Today was my first working day of 2010, but I felt sleepy the whole day today because of my bad habit of staying up very late during my New Year's holodays.
Charlie has never enjoyed talking, and hence, he developed a brooding look-surely his eyes were those of a man who carrt the weight of life.
I hope that the bueautiful country goes back to normal soon.
After I arrived in Tokyo last mounth, I haven't had a chance to meet and talk with people of Engllish countries or others.
I know many foreigners have already left Japan becase of the maassive earthquake and Tsunami and radioactivity.
Besides high school English class (wich is so basic and has the same old lessions every year), I've actually never studied English officialy.
So I've desided to get a little help;) I hope this thing helps me to improve my English.
It was a small tidybear.
I'm from Brazil and now it's 5: 55 AM. I was able to find more information about an intership. I would like to go to Toronto or Vancouver. I love ice and snow, but I never see it.
It would be a dream although I don't speak English that well, but I love the English culture, the language, and in Canada the people speak English and Franch, and it's cold.
This is my inaugural (first) daialy entry/ post on Lang-8.
2nd of Augast was my 35th birthday, I'm going to write daialy on Lang-8 as documentation of my time in London.
I had heard about it several times before, but had not yet visitted.
Today we will go out to buy the ingredients for cooking buritto.
We need chicken, pita bread, mashrooms, mayonnaise, and hot sauce.
It'll be my third time to visit there, but her frist time.
I'm looking forwad to having some nice seafood.
Today, I particiated in our laboratory seminar.
I'm so neryous....
I am a student of fireign language studies, majoring in French.
One week ago, when I was home, a strange man came to my appartment and said something like this, ``We opened our new shop in this neighborhood, and we are giving away some presents for every house around here.
But I wonder whether I should buy a mobile phone with an intergated music player or an ipod.
The price of a new Iphone 4 is from 16 to 18 milion vietnam dong (equivalent 800-900 USD) while my salary is just 4 million vietnam dong, less than four times the price.
My famiry live in Fukui.
I like trvel.
So I want to stady English.
Do you know SETUBUN?
Today is SETUBUN in Japan.
Today is Friday the thirdteenth.
Today& nbsp; is Friday the& nbsp; thirdteenth.
I don't know why this year has a lot of Fridayy the thirdteemth.
He adequetely countered a judge's budget screening's questions with data and passion.
His opinion and atitude showed the essence of the screening.
it has dubble structure.
I feel Japanese salt breese when I eat this.
I watced the movie frozen with my family.
Nobady noticed.
horror and suvive movies.
Now I'm a junior high school stedent, I do feel my English is poor, I wang to find a foreiner friend to teach me English.
I am at home with my father, uesually we did not agree with each other
Maybe because we have something to talke about more.
My televistion is broken now and my computer is going to be a problem too.
My father took the televistion to be repaired in the shop.
the first of the rima, Peru's new urban air purifiers called ``Super Trees`` was recently installed at the busy intersection next to a stream of a congested traffic.
It was installed by a local beer distributer and created by Tierra niestra SAC, a perubian green technology company.
The Tiala Niestra says that the purifier uses the liquid filtering process to observe the carvbon dioxide, equivalent to the actions of twelve hundred trees.
the creaters claim the super trees removes dast, germs and vacteria from 200000 cubic meters of air per day.
The Mayor of rima's district of SurquilloGustavo Sierra says the super tree could help the contaminated city across the grobe.
``It has taken us six years, six years to plant 1200 trees in Surquillo however this machine help us greately to improve the air we breathe.`` He intends to install another 20 air purifiers in this district.
Peru's unbudsman office reports air pollution levels in rima are nine times higher than recomended by hte world health organization.
in a report released by the Peru's national council of the environment, about 80 percent of the pollutants of the air caused by old, ill-kept moviles.
Today was the happist day of the week.
Back then, hundreds of thousands of years ago, people telling stories about thinfs they had done earlier that day while hunting.
I already checked some houses and found out that some houses have private bathrooms and kichens which only two people share.
As a result, we have seen spectacula congestion on the highway.
I might have that tendancy too, because I sleep more in the winter season.
And then, I said ``I am being lazy.`` with a big smail.
In this entry, I am going to write about ``time-merkers`` again, and also a few other things,
Some possible sets of time markers and tences are listed here: URL
I didn't know that there was Lang-8,_ a wonderful site, which helps us make friends to correct each other's writting.
Tommorrow, I'm going to the US for 3 months.
Nowadays, Shanghai becomes one of the most developped cities in China.
I was realld curious why she never would help me know more.
or encourge me, insteadbut opposite she of always mocking me.
Languege exchange site
People sometimes contacted me, but they don't seem to have read my profiel at all.
He told me that he realy wants to learn Japanese and he would like to know how?
Then he said he thought the easiest way to learn another languege is to have a girl friend who is a native speaker.
I watched saccer ysetrday.
Recently the weather is weird because it's suddenly hot or cold, therefore I cought a cold in few days.
I feel people aare laughing more and a lot of plants are in bloom when spring is coming.
Since Im was born in a tiny town which is quite a countryside with a lot of rice fields, I like parks with a lot of nature.
I can?,,, Was it a slip of the toung?
There were nine babies in today's class and Konoka was the yongest among them.
my name, special hollyday for me, about a photo and so on.
Today is a boing day.
but ifeela little groomy.
It destloy my office backyard.
castmer come to my office.
My friends had said that Spanish is one of the easy languaes to learn.
Nooo, I don't think so.
She said my questions were about gammars, which I did not study a lot.
But, I didn't want to ask the professor, so I made her study what I wanted to know German grammers.
If you are interested, the short film is avaliable on 'Youtube', with English subtitles.
Finally, my skateboard broked into two pieces.
The tytle means ``Save my earth``.
a Japanese writter, in 1989.
My roommates are a Singaporian and Indonesian couple.
There are many people who are good Englsh speakers.
However, Im also have to study!
Studying a foreign languege is very interesting,
becase it makes it possible to meet lots of people.
I would like to meet forein people and have language exchanges.
I met my friend at a rastaurant and we ate sushi and wheat noodles.
In that program a woman takes a plane to Japen to just eat some sushi and wheat noodles, then comes straight back to Korea.
My friend was impresived with those foods, (not the program guest's action) and she wanted to eat them also.
Because of that we went to a Japanese rastaurant and ate them.
We had often talked about yakiniku and how we would like to gorge ourselves on griled meat.
I read a report written by a web desiginer on the web.
There were many peple in the class.
After that I wathed a DVD at home.
So I left home earlier than our arragned time.
I am writing a yacky story today.
This afternoon, we went to the pymnasium for PE class.
Now that I have became a college student, our PE class is diferent from what we had in high school.
My goodfriends and I usually played badminton together to free ourselves for we all feel great tired at that moment.
My goodfriends, I miss you so much! ~
Oyama in Miyakejima, the famiry and dog's story.
my car was a little bit ented in a collision.
I met a lot of frieds who had left my company a few years ago.
And what's more. It's besically all free!
It's a typical HK moive
A confued relationship between the robber and the police, good action and cool guys.
I'm going to play valleyball with my friends tomorrow.
I used to play valleyball almost every day when I lived in America.
Asking some English quetions!!
For example, the most evident and, maybe the most dangerous, problem I noticed is the fact that Italian tourist trade thinks the country does not need to make efferts to increase the number of visitors;
aspecially comedies and dramas...
I want to visit France, aspecially Paris.
The Hard-Disk has some dameges.
I am interisted in learning English.
les's start.
The weather is always different in this city, five minites ago it was sunny, then it suddenly started to rain... Just like a chameleon. Next week I have the CET test, there's a lot of pressure on me, and with this horrible weather, it made me sick for four days.
Beacuse it's so hot in the dormitory and there's no air-conditioning, I had to sleep out outside of my room.
-The concept of cowerking is inspired from parties.
I read an essay writen by Haruki Murakami.
I was surprised that he determind to write, when he was 29 years old, in 1978.
I usually don't drink beer but I drank a beer yesterday because it was my mom's barthday.
Because it is dengeous for girls to go outside drunk, and I don't want to be seen by my freinds.
I like the hot atmasphere---everyone is surrounded by the rising steam.
Now I am studing English very hard, and next year I'll resume studing French.
When the temperatures of the oil (or pot?) is high, addthe eggs into the former pot, and put the rice leter. Put salt immediately at the same time.
Here in Vancouver where I live is always sunny specially these thesedays.
Even though the bookd is incredably famous across the world, it isn't for me.
Maybe that's the reason I only watch a moive instead of reading a book these days.
``Shawshank Redemption`` is the one of the short stroies in the book ``Different Seasons``
Actually, I'm already facinated to compare the story in the book from that in the movie.
OK everything will go on, I will graduate from college, then I have to find a job to take care of myself, but I still have no confidence, who can give me? who can do it with me, who can see tomorrow whith me!!
I used to be very close to my yonger sister.
Now we are marriaged and I have a kid, but she doesn't.
If I pass the exam, I can learn more langage there. + Yei! +
Now, I study Engrish.
Please teach me Engrish!
To stop him from talking more, I constructed a funny answer for him. I said, 'I wanna a handsome boy, just handsome, and I want you find himfor me, I know you can help me, remember call me frist when you findhim'.
Album's bame is Abbey road.
We go to the temple and pray for our family's health, heppiness, and world peace.
Thease are delicious.
What does ``adress`` mean?
She is a housemaker.
We can even use interet when we're outside with this!
By this time, four people have been killed in an election campain.
frist diary!
I'm 19 years old, and I'm a univercity student majoring in English.
I was moved to watch thier childground movie which they made.
I tried to wirte something, when I first found this site.
I thought I would wirte any everyday happening, but it doesn't work as I expected.
First we had some argments, because we were a big personality difference.
After some argmennts, I learned I shouldn't object to what he says then I won't have argmennts with him.
Since I didn't say my opinion and I just listened, we did not have argments.
I don't know what should be the most important thing... I have many probelems to solve.
I was touched and surprised by the sceen: there were thousands of fireflies in the valley.
They said that cats have nite lives. I think it's cool.
When we began, I found that his skills were more advanced than half a year agao, and was beatn 4 times. I felt a bit nervous and some careless mistakes when was shooting.
Both these soups have diffrent tastes so I enjoyed both servings of Oden.
Thanks a lof for reading my diary.
A few days ago, I went to the airport to see my fridend off.
firt time
I've heard many times that weiting English improves our Enlgish writing skills, but I I am a very lazy person and I am very very busy.
I decided to write my (or this) diary in English hopely everyday.
When I was a junuor high school student, I had a variety of tropical fishes.
Then one of the goldfish always used to jump out of the bucket, and I would queckly put her back.
Tomorrw, I will go to the theater with my classmates.
Anyway, commercial TV stations start new TV shows from this springall.
I watched '' The Matrix '' on TV, which was rebroadcasted the day befer yesterday.
Moreover I want to communicate with many peoole in English.
We always laught with and without reasons.
It is not tru.
The coffee is noot good yet becouse I am still unaccustomed in making coffees.
I'm really lokking forward to meeting them.
(Sometime the company adds oil or negitoro to fake negitoro)
I felt unconfortable...
I want to fill my carrender
CBS on Youtuve.
Okay, keep your eyes on those who want to use their ``airms``.
The tests were quite difficute, especially listening.
t, When I look back those days, a pen-pal was Japenese girl who had similar ages with me.
I am writting in response to your letter.
This is a great oportunity for me and my career prospects.
I need to get a high level in English because it's an essentil skill required for working overseas and getting a good job in a company.
On the other hand, I live in place where weather is warm constantly all year, but I think it is diferent in Manchester, maybe raining often, I would like know it, to be ready with appropiate clothes and shoes, when I get there.
After the Gibonites surrendered to Joshua, the group against Joshua turned to attack them.
In fact, the Gibeonites were one of them before, but now they were under the Israeiltes.
I want to syudy English!
Peniciline, Innovation of the Century.
The most benefecial innovation of the century was in the health area.
It is peniciline, and it was discovered by the Scottish scientist and Nobel laureate Alexander Fleming in 1928.
Furthermore, it has continued to innovate because peniciline is a parth of health studies with the focus of keeping human lives. Such a focus, to me, is the most important area in human studies.
Finally, this antibiotic has actually been used everday in places such as hospitals, cliniques, etc, to save people. Therefore it can be considered an innovate, as it is surely a unique and great discovery.
I feel luckey when I see red sky both morning and evenings.
But in my opinion, it's their promblems.
Every forigner working here earns a higher salary than the locals, even though they do the same job.
The Goya plant has rough skn but when I touched it, it felt greasy. Just fun.
My friend geve me a Goya plant yesterday.
If I keep it in my regrefrigerator it will change to a yellow color and a very sweet taste.
today I tried calln method for the first time
e-mal is: mf329@ msn.
One of my friends recomened a dvd.
It was imtereste for me to watch this one.
Because I study lisning and speaking.
She would like to have a baby, months ago she lost one and she was realy sad. She will be fine. She has the love of all the Brazilian people and her husband.
I will practice the violine.
So I have time to play the violine after so long.
But I have to tune my violine before I play it.
I had a very importante test today and I was very nervous!
The wheather was nice, like early summer.
It seemed like a bad endress loop.
I think I am just an intolerbly lazy guy.
After supper, I took some medicine so I hope it's gon to be better tomorrow. (I hope so!)
Today is the scond year and week I have studied at this college.
is more importent and the savor also can be forst.
But I don't know how to forst my interest.
Some kind-hearted people brought the cat to a hospital for animals, becouse the unlucky animal was very thin and had many wounds.
I want someone who will correct my English strirctly.
I live in Hoddaido which is located in nothen Japan.
Deer rice cracker are sould in Nara park for one hundred yen.
The deer will paster you violently.
I buy big pizzas from Costoco from time to time.
And I also like to buy bulgogi bagle. Bulgogi is a seasoned beef dish cooked well-done.
Anyway, Costo has been doing it in their own way, and many Koreans find this appealing.
I am worried about the blood test result this Tursday.
He hadn't neither problems nor consern and was very happy.
Prease make friends with me!
Santiago is famous for Christian pilgrimates and its universities, which are very old but are still attended by many students.
In London there are millions of people and cars, so the polution in London is much worse than in Santiago.
The old city of Santiago is as impresionant as the most famoust buildings in London.
One of our most popular foods is shelfish, and there are a lot of restaurants near the cathedral that serve this meal.
Now I am living in a cucumber farm house with Hong Kong friends and some mala friends.
It is later than before, so we can wake up late, happly!
If we have any days off, we will be wery happy.
People born in the Year of the Tiger are sopposed to be generous but stubborn.
Are there any bliefs in your country about what determines your personality or what your future holds?
. 2nd, my baby's new car, the Prius Toyta, which is stained much.
I didn't ptantice much.
At least, I want to eat with sombody.
My favorite fruit is pinapples.
Anyway, I like pinapples.
I'd like her to be responsible for something bacause I believe that makes her feel a sense of oneness of family. (minor ^ ^)
Just have to live for now and preparate for the future.
Going abrod..
some friends have gone to forine countries
to learnd English...
but I don't have enough time to go abraod..
and other uroup cntury (nations)
I have to accpect it.
Now my husband and I are watching the game on TV and cheerin ourt prefectural team.
I'm ftom Osaka.
Welcom!
Because they are in small gages all the time and walking time is once or twice a day which is only ten or twenty minutes.
because I have never thougt about it like him.
I know that it's gon to be difficult to keep up with this class but I believe that this class will be the place where I can grow up because I will be given many opportunities to say what I'm thinking in the class.
But when I talk with her, she can undrstand what I mean.
From an expert's standpoint the key to breaking a victious circle is to change the established patterns.
At first, I felt a little down, but I like it now because my frends said it looked nice:))
I am a universty student in Japan.
I can teach Japanese to people who want to laern Japanese.
Starting today, I want to write many entries in enlgish..
I'm in the middle of developping a software program.
My favorit place is the road near Shukutoku Univercity.
the titles I gave the texts aren't really creativ, are they..* laugh*
And I hope I can improve my englisch skills this way.
Continuance of the Tnabata story.
My favorite magazin is Arakawa Under the Bridge.
Arakawa Under The Bridge is about strange people who live under the brige.
But I felt frastrated about failing a stunt, because it was a big challenge for me....
when we talk about the hacker, we think of someone who is tring to get some secret information from the government or someone who steals the bank acounts of the rich.
I `m aifraid I can` t answer now
I'm encauraged by this news.
They throw a hot, 400 degree stone into a soup to boil it. (yummi)
They tought us how to dance.
I took the TOEFL this morning, and I found that my English typing speed is too slow, despit my fast Chinese typing.
So I made a dicision during the test, that I must find a way to get more chances to type English, so that there is possibility to improve it ~ Maybe I should keep on blogging in English.
The academic lectures seemed difficult to me, and the writing required too many words. The words used to write are long and unfrequently appear in daily life ~ So I just chose to give up preparing.
Why are you afraid of a challange now?
At that time, I hadn't visted other countries before, I was very excited.
I made plans for traveling untill late at night.
As I wasn't good at Japanese, I had to use English to convers with others.
My old friend introduced me to his Japanses friend-Yoske.
The dolls must be temporarilly displayed.
People belive girls will marry late, if the dolls are
The term is from the middle of Febrary to the the middle of March
Afraid of my furture
But I'm afraid about my furture.
I want to find a good jod.
This is a Japanese animation's titlet too
Once the petals of one flower blossmed together for a short time.
I wached the animation film last night.
I am a beginer to this site but please help me to study English and in exchange I will help you with your Japanese!!
I am eagerly waitting for your messege> <
I have gone to an English languageschool school for 2 months.
So, she wanted me to be in an arrenged marriage.
Actualy, she didn't like him at all.
I must be possitve, active, and attractive in Tokyo.
At last, I hope erverything will be improve!
I think she has an energish mind.
I have to comunicate with you, so that my elglih will improve.
My enlish is not very good and I'm not confident with my ability.
I wish I can make friends with all of you guys and please help me to correc my errors! Thank you very much
Even thogh I was in America, my English is still bad.
raise theirself children, thus consumer decrease to expend.
To be frank, I'm not so interested in that part, but my frends, especially men, are interested in it.
It is important that people in the vallry want to move the tree, and they do it themselves.
It was relesed in 2003.
Today is a holiday, which is the Japanease flag holiday,
What is your favorit food in summer?
My hoby are listening to music and playing volleyball.
I will graduate from shcool soon.
Ionly have 8 days of shcool left.
My shcool is very strict on maners.
It causes me a lot of stesses...
But shcool life in 3J is very happy and funny.
First, I couldn't figure out what happened, but it made me more exsiting.
I didn't know before marridge, that men have a party with their friends, we don't have this.
I want to wacth more funy movies.
I am goint to see it tonight with my family.
The typhoon left last lastnight.
Often, I visit English websight
tomarrow is my last English conversation exam!
From now on, I must write a new enrty at least once a week!
when I hear someone saying that, I frawn and get annoyed.
I just completed my Bacelor Degree in Information Technology major. I am looking for a job now.
and I'm also looking for scholorship to study abroad.
I often watch Japanese movies, Dorama and western movies when I have free time.
And I hope to make many freinds on this website.
I'm wondering if I should call in sick tmrw.
I learned this sentence ``What was your first impresstion of me?``
You shold guess in the content. ``However, it is difficult for me to guess a new word.
Because there were so many Japanese people, I didn't feel like I went abored.
The scuba scoach was Japanese.
Tonight I have to go to cram scool.
Maybe I'll have a barbeQ party, but I'm not sure yet.
It is dificult for me to write in English.
Ohh! A summer vacation has begun!
The original work is from commic book that was published in 1980.
There are many shushi bars in Asakusa.
I think that talking with my frieds will lift my spirits.
We don't know whether we are speaking American-English or Britian-English.
I'm runnnig a clothig store in Kyoto, Japan.
If I have to criticize, I whould say that the sorting of garbage is not strict compared with other towns.
A privately owned Chihauhau received a license to be a police dog.
I'm getting excitied!
Could you please tell me your schoo trip be it in elementary school, junior school or high school in your country?
Plese leave a comment.
This shows the charachter of Japanese market.
There are white and yellow Sinkansens.
If you see a running yellow Shinkanse, you are lucky.
What a wonderfull thing that would be!!
So poeple, tell me what you like and correct my grammer, please!
Fathr of 1.
I stady English, book-keeping and FP.
I'm Interestd in Videogames (PS3, PS2, PSP, Xbox, Wii, NDS), Anime, iPhone and iPad.
. Now I stady English hard.
I am glad they don't start at an earlier time becuase I am easily distracted by sound during my sleep.
I still do not how to translate Japanese into Chinses.
And then, I went home and was studing until now.
I want to take a nap after going back againg and keep studying more.
I heard that ``one love`` means ``good bye`` or ``see you later`` A week later, I rented a DVD and whached it.
Self-introuction in English
After that I went to the humberger shop.
My Humberger was too big to eat!
I always worry about what present my son wans every Christmas.
People who have graduated from low level University then go to a high level Uviversity.
I think it's really taugh work!
Today is a holiday, ``Phisical Education Day``.
Though I want strongly to communicate with all english tourists and teach themmany many good things about Japan.
I'm learning English for bussiness now.
I happened to find lang 8 when I read a book writen about English.
The seeds will need to be plented by ourselves.
Thank you so moch to many people in many countries!
To tell you the truth, It's the first time I've heard of the existance of generic medicine.
I am a graduate student, majior in biology.
Swine flu is threstening many coutries.
I've started wrighting a blog
I like travering--
The sea makes my soul very carm and my body healthy...
In Nagasaki, I went to HUIS TEN BOSCH and an Atomic Bomb Musium.
The next day I moved on to the Atomic Bomb Musium.
You know I have a holiday, so I will learn more than other peopie.
There are many geoglyphs and the lenght of the biggest (``one`` or ``geoglyph``) is about 300 meters.
I heard the sad news that an earthquake hit Iran, causing many injuries and casualities.
Every time I hear the news of an earthquake in the world, I recall the one whcih hit my home-town, Kobe, in 1995.
The fact that over five thousand people were killed or seriously injuered left many deep scars.
becasue I am a lazy girl.
I heardly save my money.
I don't know if I should be ake him again or not.
Please correct my mother `s dialy
I guess handicrafs are valuable because they carry the long history
both internal and aborad
My first aborad travel was in 2000.
But, it's a kind of cultural diffrence.
I can talk to international studens but I can't talk to American people.
I display about 20 picture postcards and photographs on the partions.
He remenbers me and spork to me.
I exchanged contact information whith him.
On Sunday, I went to Changi village and beach which are near the Chaing airport.
and the Japanese army easily marched to the present boarderline between Malaysia and Singapore.
and its a bit boring, but there is a crack where you can enter the underworld. If you kill all the enemies in this zone, you enter the scar and then the garden, and finally you can enter the hero's hall. There, everithins is made of gold, and in the last part you can find three mesmer bosses called The Darkness. If you can kill them, they give you two green staffs. Each staff can be sold for aproximaly 5 thousand gold coins.
I am not interested in alchol that much.
The book he worte, ``The Last Lecture``, really gave me
And the process of persuing
Anyway, I am going to read a book now, but I hope that someone will interupt it.
And also there are a lot of other metter.....
My colleage is being transferred
My colleage will be transfered this weekend.
It is very unfortunnate.
I listen to beautiful music instead of his noize.
Emailing with him is my tivial enjoyness.
I want to ask you something: Which resorces do you recommend me for learning English?
farst diary.
My friend can speake English very well.
I want to take a buth in hot water tonight.
The battle scene was so fasntastic.
Except that, it's an exciting movie so I recommened it to you!
My mom's enthersiasm toward Korian culture is worth to be respected.
I had been using an iPod and iTunes so I was little familier with the products by Apple.
For example, I listend to BBC and CNN podcast.
I connected the hose to the faucet, dragged it till out of the fense and I tried.
But very little water could be poired on the roof.
But I watered all around me, the block fense, the wall of my house and the ground.
I felt even cooler than ever despite knowing the tempreture might not go down so much.
As for the cafe, as I mentioned, it was a very stylish and its dishes were resonable and tasty.
I hane to make a presentation about accountings.
So, I hane to study accountings!!
hi there I'm a nativespeaker of spanish language but I'm ok at english, anyone who like help me on my japanese study I will apreciated. thanks
I have lived in Iran for six or seven years, so I kan speake both Farsi and Dari.
The two langauges are not very different, but somtime a person from Afghanistan can't understand a person from Iran
Farsi is the langauge used by Iranian people and Dari is the langauge used by Afghan people.
But Afghanistan does not have only one officia langaue.
Afghanistan have two officia langauges, the other langauge is Pashto.
I must studer English, Norwegien and math to be able to go to school in Norway.
For this teason, it was difficult to give the survey.
I'm was informed today that I succeeded in the enterance examination to graduate school.
Recently I have discovered that I start getting used to memorizing materials which have no relevance to my studies what-so-ever-this kind of bahavourial pattern has baffled me for quite a while, since after I found myself flipping through pages from the nearest dictionary again.
I guess back in the Freudian Era these self-descriptive symptons could well end up being diagoised as ``hysterical.``
My roommate youger than me by 2 years.
Sometimes we joke that shen must thank that boy because he made her love books.
Now, shen has met another boy.
and I feel nostalgy.
I tought I had one too many drinks during the featival.--
Many tourist come there to see noumerous fish.
He met many students and chenged their lives.
I was trying to make my familie's version as well as it.
The main reason is my indiscipline and frankly speaking, laziess.
Please tell me about yourself, where are yor from, what do you do, and how old are you?
I was supprised to hear his words.
I drank an energy drink becouse I was tired.
I was vigor.
becouse some people don't have jobs to do..
I think they'll give you good anwers and you'll resolve your Japanese problems.
I found out that the old friend who had often caused some problems in class had become a store manager at food restrant.
Waht made you come here?
So do you enjoy beatiful nature in good weather?
Because everyhing here is too expensive.
Before July 1st, 2010 there were two differnet kinds of taxes.
You are chaged just 5% when you buy food, books, clothing for children under 14, medication, and goods for babies like diapers and milk.
Many people say that BC government spent a large amount of money for the 2010 Vancouver Olympics so that everything exept the minimum wage is going up.
Yure friends?
To build Olympic facilities and infrastructure, tens of trees were cut down and mountaiontops were blasted.
It was estimated over 85 units were affected, and this led to an increse in homelessness.
But, I'm provided ONLY FRIED FISH AND FRIED POTATE. [^ ^]
This year, I want to enter the city marathan.
For that, I have to do lots of exercise like running, swimming and streaching.
I didn't write in my dialy recently.
A long time has passed since I wrote in my dialy last.
I have mailed out hundreds of CVs, but recieved few replies.
My friends tlod me that it was snowing a little bit in He bei province yesterday.
But I kown it is impossible and I need to study here.
My friends and my families told me the weather is getting cloder and told me to wear clothes as much as possible.
I need to find a new chellange for myself.
Actually, my country is very close to japan. However, the traspotation fee is really more expensive than from China to korea.
Anyway, I wanna make japaness friends.
And I recommend you to book a hotel, and a bus or a train as soon as possible becasue a lot of people come to Nagaoka in the season. (during this season)
After some time I took photographs of my flat to show my frind, who lives in another country.
I want to be able to write sentences fluentry in English as I can in Japanese.
I serviced in the Korean millitary for 2 years.
Many of Korea's young people have to service in the Korean millitary.
you have to obtain a permit from the Korean millitary departments.
I am making Tenpura and soup.
My teacher is youger than me and studies Japanese.
Anyway, I found out teaching Japanese is more interesting than I ecpected.
I belive that every 'first' is very exciting!
He tells me that he is well, but the situation is not optimatic.
However, our class won 3rd palce in the end.
I've been to Canada and I was impressed with the stuuning scenery in Louis 'Lake.
With some deep-green shadows around the lake, it seemed more mafnificent.
I have a seminer at my job.
The seminer occured me to get a little sleep.
At my office, the air conditioner is working much weaklier than usual.
Thanks for readning.
Elves, dwarfs, magicians, trolls orcs, and orks too.
I mean elvish is such a cute languge.
Speaking of the elves, I really want to a jawellery like Arwen's evenstar.
And the other couple Faramir and Eowyn are so courages and dignified.
tomorrow l wnat to write down the china exchange rate
but it's diffecult!
It was very beautiful, but it was very cold outsede!
But my home has not started yet, becouse the weather just changed so rapidly these days.
It was said that one of the thieves knew the longuage of the birds, and another could unlock any lock without a key.
And there are lots of food the GERD patient can't eat such as chocalate, sweet food, milk, tomato, peppermint and of coure wine and coffee.
Anyway, I hope everyone is healthy and excercise more (including myself)!!
I thihk it is very fun to make friends.
Of course I analize myself at first.
For this reason I like to read, listen to songs, but I prefer singing, and wacht films about outstandig people...
At the dinner, I ate miso sopu.
I like miso sopu. I'm Japanese you know.
But the sopu was still very, very hot.
But I'll keep eating miso sopu tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow.
you know, I like miso sopu.
In anicient times a bad dragon lived in Japan.
theather.
I think that therr is aways time to talk to your friend if you want to.
Maybe cats in those cafes are happier than those don't have their homes because Neco cafe's cats are fed only by playing with us human beings.
I wanted to improve my running becouse I'm not good at running.
Hence, I could improve my runnning.
Last week, I read the book ``la sombra del viento`` by Carles Luiz Zafon transrated to Japanese.
This novel has a tasts of mystery, horror, romance, suspense, etc.
And also, I cought a cold from him.
He said my pupile were already there.
Energy savving lamps are our factory's product.
I went to an Anpanman movie at the cinema with my oldest doughter today.
When we enterd the gate, we got an Anpanman doll made of plastic.
It can project an image of Anpanman with a push of a botton.
In case I forget it again, I'll write the passward down here...
Athretic meeting in my daughter's kindergarten.
Yesterday, there was an athretic meeting in the kindergarten that my daughter attends.
The weather forecast said it would be rainy, but yeasterday it was fine day.
The class that my daughter is in, called the 'Duck' team didn't win, but my daughter and all the other children of her kindergerten and their parents ran around looks happy.
Next year, both my daughter and my son will attend kindergarton too.
I'll invite my parents to the athretic meeting.
I saw this site in my favorite magazin,
I was angry beacause I started work at 7am today.
I wanted to do something unforgetable to express my appreciate to them.
On Chirismas morning, my father entered my room and said to me,
But when I was doing an internship, I thougt that it would be too difficult for me to teach something other than biology to students.
Do you do skyape or facebook?
Today, March 10th, is the day when candidates can know whether or not they pass the entrance exam of national univercities in Japan.
I have a girlfriend and I love her, but I `m so embarraced that I have not yet told her so ^ ^.
We go to the same private univercity (Univercity of Keio in Tokyo) and we belong to the same class.
But she also studied to pass the entrance exam of the Univercity of Kyoto!
I `m sad because I could` t meet her if she passes the exam (Kyoto is far from Tokyo), while I support her and believe she will be a succces.
I am 32 years old and I like my current job, I work for a company, a big company, and I feel confortable and I have a decente salary.
Now I think she is the most beatiful girl that I know. Since that day I am always thinking about her.
That day I waited for 30 minutes in the restaurant when she had appeard in her red skirt....
The topic is staying healthy, we have to write some points on the note card and say it in front of calssmates in three minutes.
here's my whole sppech
Also, I am a meat lover, I eat a lot of meat, expecially steak, I love it very much.
But now, I realize that I can't be like this anymore, I want become more healthier, so, I change my dail rountine.
In recent days, I talked with two foreigners who came from Japan and Marashiya.
Moreover, we have invented an intereting way to interact: I listen to what the one says in Japanese, and translate it into Marashiya with the Taiwanese man.
If you know a book which you think is the best, plese tell me.
First, we had a dinner at Coco No1, the chane curry restaurant.
In the restaurant, as we were talking, he told me to search useful websights.
websight Ive ever known. ``
So, I joind Lang-8.
But I really want to go abrord ``a`` d to expand ``my`` horizons.
Because yesterday, I slept all day long since I had cold, I didn `t feel drownsy last night.
If you read a book about a foreign country you have never been to, you can experience the atomosphere and culture there without visiting.
Yasterday, a very agressive woman vizited me.
I said that other girls had packed those vegetables, not me (which was true!) But she scrimed: ``I can show you!!!`` Then she took five packets of carrots and threw them at me!
So I was shoked and stood there not saying anything.
diart (20. Mar. 2011)
I went shopping yestrday.
The wather was not good, so I felt more tired afterwards. [past tense]
For example, leaning ON the railing, leaning ONER the desk???
b) Boxes are clutterd on the road.
com person replied to them and they sometimes apologied for the inconviniences.
Today, I went to Rikkyo University, and I got a stundnt card.
The atmosphere is really strang among all of us...
Are we still friens?
Although some infrastructures have been conjested, even in Tokyo& Yokohama area,
Well, tht's all.
Our group consisted of 3 famillies including mine.
I want to learh English because my dream is to visit many countries all over the world.
It's the motherland of my granddad and simply a wondefull place.
My teacher `s pronunciation was clear, but the cd wasn hard to understand.
I thought that I really wanted to make Aartificial interigence as a result of this experience.
Why are peolpe's feelings so complicated?
Other researchers have proposed to detect the tumoer's movement from the diaphragm's movement.
I studid Spanish for two years about 5 years ago.
or should I consentrate on only one language until I master it (or at least be in the intermediate-level) then start with the other one?
A goal is more real than an idea, and has considerably more chanses to be realized.
Incidentally, Robbie Wiliams, who had left Take That, has rejoined after fifteen years of separation and has made their new album, corporating with the others.
And for the 3 years I `ve studing French.
I love camedies like Two& A Half Men, The Big Bang Theory and The IT Crowd, etc.
Luckly, it's really good to have nice wather.
It's the best wheather this year and It's good for running a marathon.
I didn't have any paticular reason for attending the marathon.
I was always concentrating on keeping up my pace and not slowing down dring the race.
I managed to finish it, but I could barly walk normally after that.
Anyway I should exersice regulary.....
I loove sleeping ^-^
I want to go to a different contry dive in a different sea.
I want to go snowbording if I obtain it.
Unitl this year, I have been working in ShangHai and have not been back to my homwtown.
They will see the full bloom cherry blossoms for the fiest time.
now I have gotten back to my place, im gonana cook dinner for my boyfriend:):)
what im gonana cook?
It is exciting, fantasic, amazing and hopeful.
He and I belonged to same club in university and have knowen each other for about 9 years.
I dont `t have anything to write here...
First of all, this subject reminds me of something very croel, which is the passing of time that we, all mankind, have to face.
When I was in first grade, I was selected to be in the Christian class due to some kind of mistake, even though I am Bhuddist.
I was the only bhuddist student in that class, so I felt a little nervous at the beginning of the semester, but everything went just fine.
I know the reason why I couldn't control myself these thesedays.
Every day we see beutiful, modern and fast trains passing throught the village.
Let's just have fun while studing.
We went to Yale University first. When we arrived at Yale University, we all felf very excited and shocked.
Their music has also become a part of our lives, escecially when we live abroad.
This small painting work does not only pose a cost probleblem but it also couldn't be accepted by the factory.
My university is famous for teaching internatinal students Chinese.
I was tlanslating an English e-mail for my boss the other day.
After their explanation of the situation, they inseerted a phrase ``A Guy.`` with an capitalized ``g``.
My way of learing nowadays.
Earthquake happened in Chili the day before yesterday.
I felt at ease but I am worried about the people who live in Chili.
It turly mede me surprised!
They supply products at very low prices without lossing quality.
But I have gotten to the idea that it's fully enogh in quality and looks at this moment.
I bought a magazin, Non-no.
Non-no is popular magazin about fashion in Japan.
But a few minutes ago, I recieved a call.
Today will be a bussiness day.
But, todat is the weekend.
I'm really lookimg forword to this weekend.
Maybe she's a model or celeblities in Tokyo.
Now its hard for me to lean the work but the work is simier to another job I had worked which was in a pub in Japan, so I think that I remember it soon!
I dicided to clean up and discareed some clothes I don't need.
I always make a lunch box for my hasband.
Yesterday I made it as usuall, though he did not need it because he had a health check at the company.
During that time, there was no PC in my house and I didn't have a celler phone.
The magazine has plenty of information (features stories) about ivent in Tokyo that week.
Today, peeple get information (over the Internet) on the web or mobile phones.
Cheerly!
But I have received nothig.
I'd love to help people who is studing Japanese.
Usually the doughnuts cost around 110 yen eachthere.
May Day holiday passed very qucikly.
But fortunately, three legal holidays are added, tomb-sweeping day, dargon boat festival and mid-autumn festival.
Astrology predicts that Pisces 'dreams will come ture, and I await.
And we went to a shshi restarant together!
My iPod is broken* becuse accidentally washed it today.
I should had checked the pokets!
But, these thougts make me feel pressed so that's why I think I have done nothing recently.
Japanese Sake is not wine, you shold drink it when it is freshly made..
It was a lucky day that I saw beautifu sunset.
I was volunter as an interprer and supported them.
7 people with their familes are participated.
But when I went to church, I conldn't find to somebody who has talked with me before.
Wife: Donno.
``He realy wrote 30 songs a day.
I looked at him only for 10 seconds, but I still rember that he wore a suit and he looked very tired.
Somehow I unconsiously took the envelope from him.
I also remember, the train seemed to jump and swing a littile bit due to his body.
Mark Zuckerberg would become the youngest billianaire in the world. It is estimated that Facebook has over 500 million members now.
The two young men had diffent points of view about Facebook's history....
Did you know that Takahashi Daisuke won a brond medal in the Olympics!?
We have good news and bad news almost everyday but I wish we had only good news like about Takahashi winning the brond medal!!
My freind and I met up at the movie theater at 8: 00.
I think this movie encouraged prople to think about real things in wonderland.
Although the sales staff was so enthusiastic, the course was abosolutely
I think whether I can learn something or not depends on how eargly
Cafe Perty
My friends held a Cafe perty today.
This is my firstt time using English to write a diary.
I think it probaly
l would really appreacite it.
I felt really happy when my former boss told me that I would move to Okinawa office, because the Okinawa office is quite popular amang my coworkers.
During our first year of living in Okinawa, we didn't have a child yet, so we could go anywhere we wanted with my wife driving us. (In those days, my drivers lisence had expired because I forgot to renew!).
I didn't have time to go todrinking with her befpre.
I want to speak English well as if I were a neitive.
In Japan, It's called ``The Japnan Series``
This year's fighing match is between the Giants and the Lions.
Because my printer broked.
To study English& Frech, I I thought I would try this Lang-8 site.
Because I felt that the original novel was very intersting when I was read it.
Last Sturuday I saw the movie, 'Lost in Translation'.
After seeing it I realized that Japan has many non-japanese people here, and that the country is becoming multicultual.
I'm lokking forward to it!
It is true to studing languages consists of the letters,
If you have done that yourselfe, share your experience, please.
I have this book pablished in English.
Recentry I thought that I need to need understandEnglish.
So I'll be going abroad anytime, for find job in a foreigne country, I want to be ready.
I normally only have two cups a day so that I don't drink so much coffee that it mgight cause bone loss.
She had to go to Moskow urgently, but she couldn't leave Silver on his own.
Recentry, my sister began a part-time job.
Prosecotors have no right to say 'justice and honor' anymore.
But I'm very proud that MBC is not afraid of unjustice power.
The Mayday event that the North& South Trade Union co-organized might be cancled.
Besides that, I'm putting on weigt again.
But when I try to write in English, my brain stopps working.
I dindn't want to go back to Japan.
I've been studying Engligh to go to Canada again.
I am very ainxious about whether I can complete the full distance.
After 2days, my mother nitice her charmy.
I prized him, and felt ashamed to sing. w
Mabye my friend is just very talktive and she could finds a lot of interesting things from the usual things
So I think it's important to keep in thouch like this (now).
I'm learning German and strengthing my English now.
It was there for a long time since I foget that my pot was on the fire.
Today waas a wake and tomorrow is a funeral.
I want to imporove my English. Can you help me?
Thus on this day men gave sto their wives and mothers, and they accepted every request that thier wives and mothers had.
I'm palnning to get my hair cut after getting my exam results.
In Japan children who are less than 15 years old cann `t offer their internal organs. What is more, people who doctors declare brain-dead even can` t offer theirs either.
I think that it is strange for Japanse patientsto go abroad for it, because us Japanse shouldn `t rely on other countries.
'1' is promounced 'I', and '2' is promounced 'hu' in Japanese's informal way to count.
And I actually scored higher marks in the Chinese--> English interpreatation test!
I saw an interseting piece of news about lions.
Another one was personalifying risks are percieve to be riskya, then enormorous risks.
Well he's not is he. Al Alcaeda then.
it seems to be riskya.
I don't think many people knew who the Taleban were, who Al Qaeda were,
on how to pronunciate it little bit later on.
I bought some groceries, such as Vegemate, as souvenirs from Australia for my family.
And this tme, my father bought Japanese cakes in the shape of an aromatic citron.
We work with a bad maneger.
Secondly, my friend told me that I looked older becouse of my glasses.
Naw, we have to elect the new superintendent for the dormitory.
The votig day is next Friday.
Rice wine has piquancy and a delectable flvor.
It means I can watch TV in the buthtub with the cellphone! XD
I've always thought that doing a puzzle is really boring and you must have a lot of pacience with all those little pieces.
At the same time, it reminds me of the game I played at kindergartain
I woke up at five this moring.
I am male and gay. I don't konw what I will doin the future.
It is little far, but the doctor is famouse and good at sport osteopath.
I like Timberland's shose.
:-) But soon, my school is going to start and everything wil get busy.
Things went really badly, I mean really aweful.
so I started to feak out.
I started with the first question, which was very ambigious.
I'm strugging with them.
So I will write a dirly in English on Lang-8!
When I wondered where I could take my baby in the mall, I happened to find a pet shop which had a special campain.
First of all, I will try write daialy.
Althought, That taste and style is like, realy similar to C. A.
Many Japanese people participating in the GP finala is exciting and interesting for their fellow Japanese people!
She corrected my mistakes in some exercises, we read a book and I tried to speak about my hollydays, but my attempts were without luck. =(((
And now I'm writting this post =)
These days, I've been a bit busy so, I couldn't update my bolgs for a week:(A lot went on:O School started and I was given homework than I'd expectedXO. XO I also started running in the morning, with my friend, for diet and health.
The web registeration for my exchange university didn't go well...
Busan is a famous jarbor city in Korea.
Things I have thouht about recently
I couldn seldom find correct answers.
It `better for me to study Japanese history and basical matters in Japan for communicating with forieners.
I `ve sometimes felt upset that foreigners know about Japanese culutures more than I do.
How can I imploving my ability of memorization?
My co-worker invited me to go to see the movie ``Avatar`` as it released yeaterday.
My brother came to my house last weel.
Have I benn familiar with early bird (riser)?
I can read in English, also I can understand speach on TV and in the films (movies), but I still couldn't write correctly and could not speak fluently.
It is very fun to sweam when it snows.
Do Hemingway's novels consist of easy words and sentense?
Are all of his novels full of easy words and sentense?
I decieded to study English.
I must meet somone who I can speak with.
One day a gipsy stole a bag of corn and was thinking about how he could split it up so that he was not noticed.
I am a menber of (the?) Tamura Jiro seminar and
a menber of (the?) Uzaki Akihiko seminar.
make frends
I want to make frends with people allover the world, especially speaking English and Spainsh.
And please type ``frends from lang-8`` thanks
Am I really going abroad alone? ``Of cource it's real.
I used to hate writing something because I felt it was a hussle.
Japanese studenets study English for a very long time, but only a few will need English in thier future.
I called a water pipe repair campany and a repairman came to my clinic to fix it.
Francis said something stupid about the slowness of the machine to break the ice and Rachel started to laught.
Nobody cuoldn't understand they were in love.
One year later, the very same day of their first date, they were engaged with a diamond ring as withness.
I have go to El Camino collge since Aug, 2nd.
His dream is to be sugeon.
She is fortish.
You know, I'm cooking puncakes and I promise that I won't let you eat any! ``So, althought I was tired after my trip, I was really upset and frustrated with her`` lovely greeting ``.
I will work at a rocal primary school in Bhutan.
Because, to me, they are my really good freinds.
if my friends want to leran just click and join me..
ohh I should be thank my friend named Tyler who gave me more wunderful pics so I use his pic in my topic
I can't understand the Russian langage, therefore I amended the Russian person's English translation.
Parents are up in arms ove plans to close the school.
We ate humburger today.
I'm studing Einglish
I ate cream spaggethi with iced coffee.
I was satisfied because it's dellicious.
have no substitle
I think that the Sinam goverment should support the Humanitarian Aid Prgogram.
The second is the foucus on medical treatments.
For example, it is difficult to distribute the aid to people fairly, and there is no economis stimulus included.
people may dicide to study foreign languages for various reasons.
People in certain bisiness may have to deal directly or indirectly with
foreign corespondences.
Starting with writting some notes in lang-8.
The last thuseday, I tooka walk in Hyde Park because the weather was fine.
becouse the weather was beautiful and I made friends with a classmate.
It was very beautiful becouse it was just in full blossom.
Becouse here there are not many cherry trees.
We could learn the news and details of the tragedy immidetely thanks to the Intenet.
They have become aware that they have to take action against the tyrannical authority of Muburak.
He is hsed to taking care of his intersts, and his power as the president.
I am asking, where are human rights, good concious, and justice?
In addition, they want to reform the constitution, and they don `t want Mubarak for another presidental term. I think that all these demands are very normal.
These demands won't take a mericale to achieve.
Millions of people are all over Egyptshouting shouting their demands, but no one listens. I am very sad for the people who were killed, injured, or imprisoned just because they want reform in their country.
Today is the eleventh day of my country `s revelution. All the people are calling Mubarak to leave, but he refused claiming that he fears chaos if he leaves.
(five spaces) I completely aprove of the way you are teaching and that is why you've convinced me that your offer is the best one of all possi ibilities.
He said ``take some medicinene (anthelenintic).....`` But I had not eaten.
Here there are quality foreigers.
Sometimes the foreige friends help correct my English diaries.
I am afriadI that I will fail again.
for example 'BP oil spill', 'Iraque and Endless Afghanistan War
Today is one of the inportant anniversary for all of Americans, the Independence Day, it's known by many people around the world.
I think about that thouse are in their all of hearts.
I know that thouse are called 'American Dreams'.
It's why they all sacrifice the weak people of around the world for making their the huge happiest American Dream lifves.
and all of Americans because thay have another nice characteristic, Americn Spirit.
The living room and dining room are biyond the kitchen.
I stayed at home all day and wached TV.
I play an English studying software called ``Eigoduke.``
But I ususally take care of her because my son is too young to do it by himself.
In the usniverse, time was born in just a few years. They eventually settled down on the earth without fear of danger.
As time passed, they become dogs, mice, cocoroaches and humans.
Thank you for readin about our '(Fantasy?) world.'
Have you wacthed the movie Armaggeddon?
I think it's really famose and I hope many people have wacthed it.
I spent some time, and thought out an ansewer.
Facing to the north, right is the direction of east, and left is the direciton of west,
Boy: Yeah, I am Chirstmas ~ Will you marry me?
I like playing comeputer games and wantching TV and so on.
Fortunatelly, it's too cold and dry for cockroaches to live here in Hokkaido so I am relieved that I don't see any cockroaches.
However I didn't have a partener, so I practiced alone.
My skills are not that great so I didn't have a chace to play others.
I thouht she was much older than me, because she has a low voice, but she was born just three months before me.
Almost all Japanese clean up their house completely, decolate for new year style, write cards for new year's greetings and so on.
However, there are some big cities, whic have more than 500 thousand people. Such cities are bigger than prefectures.
When I drank green tea after taking a bath, I thougt this is a real leeway
of life. But I dreink green tea, I sometimes wonder why I feel so.
supprised that he used QQ.
Us Chinese like using it, but I didn't know foreigers use it too.
My umprella snaped after being hit by gale force winds.
so if the company does move to another place I must go to the main bance and do a job with him every day.
My secong idea is to stay at the same company but I dont think I will be able to read a book. and I don't have the time to pacetace English.
They only speak in English with occasional someexplanations in Spanish.
But I think people who have beards don't look good. (although, on some people it's cool, like jhony Depp)
Most of them are younger than us by 3 years so I could not help feelig the generation gap when I talked with them.
Adaptin to the new circumstaion is always difficult and I'm a little bit nervous
How to lern new subjects?
They can grow organic vegitables of their own at their farms.
In a passenger train there are carragies, and in trains used for transporting freight there are wagons, right?
I think happiness is decided by comparision.
We vsited an Asian goods shop.
Recentlly, I've been interested in Asian goods.
I have a complete lack of EFFOT!!
I'm very healty, but one point is not good.
I don't want to become a diabates.
Mouners are come to pay their respects to the person who has passed away.
Rose hip, hibiscus, german camomile, orage peel, apple peel, black currant and grape were in it.
I sometimes got angly but usually I love them.
I have a runny nose very often (kind of allegic?) and get tired easily.
I was ill yeastoday.
Happy Valentina's day
Jamie Ollver
Having a part time job at a small foreign restaurent was the begining of her love story.
Most of the customers who came to the restaurent were foreigners.
Lane just wannted to look into his eyes for so long.
Tha Professional Japanese Language Teacher Training Seminar
Its title was ``The One-to-One Japanes Lesson for Japanese Language Teachers``.
Lecturers included a famous teacher who is my senior, the president of a Japanese lauguage school and myself.
It's eay to find out if you look at the entry calendars from last year.
This year, I will write short diaries, for example, just a cople of sentences, and so on.
That way it will be easy for me to keep a diray even every day.
When the competition started, two strong men were fightong and there were some slamming sounds.
I heard that it is good for learnig English.
I want to wacth ``Heroes``.
I haven't writen in this blog for a long time.
I logined in to Lang-8 for a long time.
I was suprised and I felt very thankful.
Because the teather could not teach such things.
One of my Singaporean friends tought me a way to delete it.
And my Singaporean friend geve up and told me he is going to bed because it was already midnight.
So, I could search for a way to delete it on a Japanese web site by useinf the simple Japanese type method.
How cheaky and stupid they are.
He now able to speak various words (For exsample, the name of animals) and He doesn't need a baby-car any more.
The reason is that some kids had been waching me for a while.
When we were talking about that I tought the time was running out fast.
Now the vaccation (respite, diversion) is over, and I must free myself from the games to focus my mind on more significant things.
I went to Universer Studios on Sunday with my brother, my mother, my friend and my friend's mother.
To get to universer stadio we took a train.
First we rode a new atracion called Fantagi.
It was a nice atracion.
Universer Studios was very fun.
I would like to go agein.
now (no comma) I am listenning to music.
cn. If you have something to share with me, tell me throught it.
But I don `t really like to syudy.;-(
Next Februaly, I'm going to take the entrance examination for Tokyo University.
However, I'm not good at English, so I joined Lang-8 in order to develope my English writing ability.
Can you guess what I anwered to that?
It wasn't very productive, but I watched an titled 'Hajime no ippo (The First Step)' on Youtbe.
I didn't subscribe to weelky comics, such as 'JUMP' and 'MAGAZINE', at that time so I didn't know anything about the story-line.
but it was canceled becuase of an idiot!
So, I bought Sheperd Pies at a shop and washed some letus and
Nari, the dolphine, is one of a pod of about thirteen wild dolphins that attend a nightly hand feeding event at a resort on Moreten island off Brisbane.
The dolphin was spotted to have a very deep wound from a bite of a large shark on Friday, until Monday the animal had not emerged from Moreten bay at its nightly feed, and it was feared it may have been injured, but the twelve-year-old dolphine returned to its regular feeding spot on Monday night, and is transported by a boat to the sea world of the Australia's gold coast, where he underwent the surgery and now is recovering.
The dolphine is said to be coping quite well, and is expected to be back in the wild within forty to six weeks.
I was using safari since I bougth an Iphone.
But I didn't use safari so I dicided that I stop using safari and other Iphone functions except phone, e-mail and something that doesn't use 3G.
It was usefull because I could visit places I haven't been to before.
It was a plearsure to me because I've never done that before.
So I walk aound Nara city near my house.
I will go his reatraurant again in the near future.
Because my car's color is balak.
I want to studu English.
sth???? like M. MJ.
perhaps couse M. J., so l listened the Beatles.
Today is my first day on Lang-8! Horray! And I hope it will be useful for me.
I ate fried minched meat, egg roll, and sawsage. After that, I went to my friend's house and played a lot of games.
3 days ago, my aunt called me and she asked about working in her convienience store for 4 days.
Starting foreigne language education at a very early age is a good idea.
The second reason is, if starting English at a very early age, they can know pleasure of communicating in English, not Japanse, and they can be excited about learnig English.
In these ways, I agree that starting foreigne language education at a very early age is a good idea.
So we splitted up.
Today I'm very happy, because this morning I bought a green screen for chroma keying in my shooting!:) It's fantastic, you have to film against a green background and then in post production you can remove it and replace it with the backgroud you'd like.
inductory Sino-Korean and lastly...
Anybody who reads my dirary will be happy.
I will participate in full marathon convention for the first time in January nex year.
This morning I ran for 4km at 10 kirometers an hour.
There are gold stars, big and small circles on a brilliant emerarud green.
But the dry frower is real.
The ingredient is jel not nail polish.
Jel is very wonderful ingredient.
My emotion is influnced by the bad weather.
world is enormals and the possibilities are endless.
and new envirenment.
as the saying goes, ``being young means no fairlue.`` I believe we
I imagine that I coul n't know you beacuse you had a big change.
Emma Watson x People tree is the greatst coraboration ever!
I don't think it's funny, so pls respect the victims..
I want to lose waight and buy it.
It is pity that I cannot reply to my firends.
ratio among the developped countries.
I feel happy to have free time without TV, cel phones,
Yesterday, my wife and I went to the ob-gyn hospital to examin our baby
I begiin new days.
I hope my frends are happy everyday!
It is not a readonable price for me, but ths massage really effectively recharges my energy.
However, many foot massage services advertise themselves as English oriented massage method or somethiing.
Please recommand my english name!!
Plz recommand my English name!!
I was surprised becouse I couldn't catch what the speaker said.
I was goten up by unusualy bright sunlight this morning.
Because, you know, a lot of power plants which are managemented by Tokyo Electric Power Company or Tohoku Electric Power Company have stopped running since the earthquake.
So the Japanese government has been colling out to people to save electricity.
But some people are misunderatanding.
I worry that people, especially old people, who don't use air conditioning in very hot weather and can't stand the heat may get hertstroke.
And this shop has a nice atomosphere, too.
We visit Mizuki Shigeru road by a local train which has drawings of many hobgoblins charactors.
I am so busy that I ususally forget about them.
Actually, I deleted history on Windows Exploer, but I did not clear the document history.
I was reserching my other job, so I couldn't write down today's diary here.
The foto was taken last year.
I'm lokking forward to meeting him.
However, the spa was very nice and luch was also excellent:D!
I major in Germeny.
I want to speak English fruently.
I totally recomend this shop.
We have a school festibal every autumn, it is a very big event.
Today is an unluckly day!
In the morning, I hurried to get up, and eatted sanwiches, which I had prepared last night.
Then, I realized that I had forgotten my tiket and wallet.
Exspecially women like to talk about other people.
Finally, I desided to throw them (all) out except for the graduation certificate (join to next sentence)
a nice language excange partner
As a result, the level of my English is desclining.
With continuing practicing, I believe I can speak English with foreigh friends one day.
Nevertheless many Koreans say that childern have to live with their parents.
And they can grow in having less stressed stuations compared to childern without parents.
After get marriaged many people want to live as a nuclear family.
And they say that most parents shouldn't/ can't insist on the right to criticize those who won't take care of their parents after getting marriaged.
The mood of the city was so intresting and new to me!
Night market is a special culture in Taiwan, and there are a lot of delicious food and traditional handiworks.
My lithneing skill is very weak, so I always got the lowest score in the listning score of the TOEFL.
Tomorrow is a holiday, so I will answer the comments of previous I-idaries of mine.
I've maken a big mistake,
Two days ago there was one undentified payment in my bank account.
Althought it was good to solve the money puzzle, I have a new puzzle to solve. How did the first guy know about that undentified payment I had in the first place?
It was the most memorizable experience that I have had so far.
Let me not be afrid.
I have learned of multifarious histrical events of cruelty, massacre or carnage which are aimed at wrong sovereignty.
I always go to clinics, meet doctors and advatize to or inform them about my company's medicine.
However, sometimes I am appriciated by dotors for my support.
In Madrid, it has been raining all the time and going outside was imposible.
Sometimes I'm confused and I don't know a good sentense.
They're friendly, walking beside you, always learnig an ear when you're happy or upset.
I want to buy shampoo and conditionar at half price.
They are comsumed quickly and used everyday,
I'm a 22 years old Japanease woman.
I can see good opints in others.
I try to accumlate childcare experience because I want to be a good aupair for my furture host family.
We have a lot of tiems to study, but I waste a lot of it.
I am very helpess and unhappy.
This phrase has the same meaning and uses the same thing (in this case screw) in several contries.
I corrected some diary written by Japanese learnners.
It is so intresting!
He sleeps in his hunmock outside and jump into river to wash his body.
In morning I received your present, how beacutiful necklace, I think this gift is the best brithday gift!
Suddently, I'm a little bit frustrated about the situation because I can't respond to people immediately.
In this first semester, I need to choose an area which connect to my next semester's vacation placement, it is like an intenship somewhere to do practical work.
I chose ``Mental health`` this semeter, this is a big challenge!
I have poor listening skills and my spoken langauge is also very poor.
Mabye.
``Takht-e Jamshid`` or ``Perspolis`` was an ancient city and one of the capitals of ``Hakhamaneshian`` dynasty for many years.
My hobbies are listeng to music, watching TV, playing sports, and so on.
But it was okey, I enjoyed it.
We had a good time at the restrant.
I think it was reasnable.
I met so many people from around the wrold.
I couldn't speake korea very well.
By the weather forcast, it will rain tomorrow.
And two tyhoons will come close Japan.
So, even if Japanese people cannot speak both English and Mandarin, we can still comunicate with them lol.
I don't know what the Koean and Taiwanese think of Japanese people who are studying English in foreign countries.
Lately I've been going to Akihabara alot.
I attended a meeting for those who are interested in finace and/ or accounting.
But, suddenly it sarted to rain.
Aedile, I'm afraid sharks vs. gorillas is too absurd even for the Colesseum...
that has been a crowd-pleaser in the past, but it would be polically inexpedient considering the number of noble families that are converting to that faith.
I had a trip to Aomori prefecture with nearbye farmers at the end of last October.
First of all, I went to the top of the Shimokita peninshura in Aomori prefecuture, and I ate a delicious tuna at Ohmacho-town.
Second, I had a good time to see the landscape of the Japan sea at the top of Turuga peninshura
Because ther's no car at that area.
This trip was too late fot the season.
She was really surprissed knowing that.
Sometimes I'm too single-minded, so for example, if I deciede to study English, I would think of nothing but English.
I think it's my mostserious weak weakpoint.
I'm acasual somoker, I would like to stop smoking.
(Singapore is anEnglish speaking country, soI think I sould not say this....
Whis is the best answer?
I wil introduce useful websites or tools for learnning languages (English, Chinese, Japanese, and so on).
Let's learn foreign languages more plesantly and cheaply!
And the teachers said that it's not a fastival for you students in grade three in senior high school! How hard they want us to work.
If I write something in an implite way, please tell me.
I was asking if they would kline to have some more ice tea,
They feel my son facinated me.
Wao, Ukraine!
According to the article, in Bulgium, there are four parties and they all have trouble with languages.
In some parts of Bulgium, people speak Franch, other people basically use Dutch, and a few people speak German as a common language.
The prince and her father are not discribed in detail.
Cinderella becomes a heroine just because she gets merried to him.
We all have read or wached this at least once in our lives and it is still read by a lot of people.
Althought He had mistakes in his reserches, I think he lived a respectfull life.
We read an essay in which the writer said, ``An ambrella is a kind of a nuisance,`` or something.
In 2009, many scientific studies showed that the chocolate is very healthy, is rich in flavonoids, is good protection against the sun, improves the heart, decreases blood pression, and it would even protect against cancer.
``Siroi taiyaki`` is a kind of sweets popular in Japan this time of year.
The meaning of ``Siroi`` is white.
We went to Youuido to see ``The Fireworks Festival``.
What is coreect?
After the big earthquake and accident at the nuclear energy plant, my company reccomended that I work from home untill we could conferm the safety level of the radiation.
My Chinese friend made a big dicision.
This reminds me of diamonds and coal, both are composed of the chemical element ``carbone.`` but they are so different: diamonds are sparkling, expensive, clean, while coal is dark, cheap and dirty.
The difference is in the base: the way molecules of carbone are bonded
Coal can generate thermical energy, which helps to provide electricity.
I was disapointed.
You shold say:
Accross the River Seine next to the museum, there is a very famous museum named the Louvre Museum.
I don't know the story's ditails yet because this musical is their original story.
I have naver forgotten this memory....
I had naver seen such a big cockroach.
I got an invitation and have joined Lang-8 since last year, but I haven't wrotten anything or even looked at this site for a long time.
Girls in my town are already enjyoing wearing various beautiful
In such an occasion, I am gratefull for being a woman.
It's a funny movie! But I found it a llitle vulgar.
I was suprised to see a lot of sex scenes.
This was my first (only English) speaking camp, so keeping this rule was little difficult for me, but I maneged to live only speaking English.
Most of the schdule was practice such as, discssion, listening, vocalization, reading, etc.
In another activity, we had BBQ, played volleyvall, and other interesting things.
In closing, our group leder read a speech through tears.
I had to dicide on a section before I got off the bus.
There are four sections in The UK ESS, paliamentary debate, academic debate, speech, and ISS.
In the secand semester, our main ESS activity is section, so I am looking forward to practicing academic debate.
Then, he said, ``We Japanese do not insist so strongry like you.``
I have suffured from migraine since I left the office yesterday.
I think that I am not used to have a nap yet, I diside to sleep a littele sometimes.
Any help/ tips or comments would be greatly appriciated.
Afer my sister and I grew up, we left our parents and started living independently.
I'm sutdying English now.
is there anything elso...?
If I go there again, I will go bankrapt.
We picked a full bag of peaches and plums, and went happiy back.
Normally, the last week is specialweek for everyone.
I didn't know what happend.
On the train there was an announcement saying, ``All pasanger get off this tarain right now``.
On that day, we were thaught about the Asuka era of Japan in English by foreign people.
I went to the Toy Museum with a forener.
It was very confortable to see!!
And I also entried level A though I have never won there....
Immulizaion Requirements
Immuliaztion Requirements vary from country to country.
I will outline the immulization requirements in Taiwan below:
I have ridden in airplains a couple of times, but I have never gone to the airport just see them.
I hope one day I will speak inglish....
I didn't konw an important truth till then.
Today I learned about making traditional Brazilian alchoal
``Hey Kichibei you remembe your promise?
That's why I finished my work ealier than usual and came here, finally.
Sometiems I want to be good student but it's vey hard.
I heard my relitives said they have a firecracker show at the South Bank in Brisbane.
But there might be no performence this year, because of the floods.
Today, at English class, I was taught that ``modern woeld is one`` is an incorrect sentence.
Do you have similer experience of this?
Also, cosmetics, fasions, magagines, movies make me excited.
I enjoy learnning English, I wish I can say it frently...
I am so happy, becous I understood what the boys said, and I knew how to say what I wanted to ask.
I would like to speak a lot of laguages, too.
If I coudl get one year sabbatical, where should I go?
I wrote many articles this year about topics such as an entrance ceremony, sports meet, open school, track meet, children's sumo wresling meet, volunteer work, a school play, school excursion, school festival, acuathlon race (swimming and running,) and Beethoven's Ninth Symphony concert in Kokugi-kan.
Anyway, I Love English and I'm an optimistic person, I'm going to enjoy writting.
Today, tayhoon came to my city.
He must practice chinese charactor (KANJI).
This is my favourate program in the UK, because it is fun.
The program invites different guests every week, such as singers, actors/ actoress, comedians, cooks, athletes, etc
When Lady Gaga was a guest, she was asked some unfavoured question, so she anwered on the phone which she was wearing on her head.
Now I am happy that I can understand English, because I can konw foreign TV star's characters.
She told me of some places where she has found muberry trees.
I hope tommorrow is fine.
The differnce was, however, that he kept on going to his potty even while wearing his diaper.
I will hardly vist and study, but I want to make many friends.
When I found this site, I decited to post my journal everyday.
When I said that her studens seem to have been improving their Japanese a lot, she looked really happy to hear it.
They often gave me the enagy to teach.
I will start to clean up things soon aftern I use them.
I went inline skating at the Hadson rever Park with my friend.
I could do it anyways, but my friend couln't and held the bar the whole time... it was so cute:)
We could see the beutiful sunset...
You know, if you are biiten by mosquito you have push and oush the skin with your finger.
PL fireworks festival is one of the biggest fesdtival in the world.
When I was ranked, it's on perpose.
At that time, I uproaded 12 entries a day.
This time, I uproaded 4 entries a day, and I didn't intend to be ranked.
I ended up 4 entries when I uproaded ones which I wanted to write at that day. (a bit unclear)
Kimono-a kind of Japanese tradional clothes-are made from Asa (hemp?) or Kinu (silk) in genereal.
Today, I have a presentation about Japanese weddeing in my English class.
Japanese tradditional traditional weddings are ``jinnzennsiki`` which are held in a shirine.
However now this type of wedding is 20% of the marriage celemony in Japan.
I think that meny girls are attracted by a white dress!
A couple and guest is to be superstitious in a celemony even now.
If you are invaited to a celemony and a party,
you need to give a couple some money for a celeblating present.
Even number to spare number suggest that a couple is to be devided!
so I'm gon to introduce myself.
And it eables us to enjoy taking a bath outside and to overlook the valley.
Job huntting gave me pretty good oportunities to seriously think about how I want to live in the future. Maybe we have to pursue this answer indefinitely though.
I am writing about my favarite thing today.
My favarite rider is the Itarian rider, Mr.
They are both on the Itarian team this season.
Hida meat is very famous, but it's very expencive.
My faverite book.
One time, when I was really interested in the English languge,
She had been reading books sice she was young. Her parents do not take care of her and leave her alone at home.
She is really different from other girls. When she goes to school her teacher is really surpise because she is much more clever than nomal girls.
That story gave me insperation to study English.
However, I want to try cooking roastd chicken and I have to prepare party stuff and decorations.
It's seems a little bit complecated to me.
It seemed to be a very nice day.. so I took a chance to ride my bike becouse it had been a long time since I used it.
That's how I caugh a serious cold..
What kind of transpotations do you usually use?
her colon and anus were avolished.
she can't be pregnent and she has to have an artificial organ in her body.
My hasband has shoulder pain.
I think, it is something that I can believe in, and it make me a kind of possitive or happy.
I am so depressed, I study English every day, and after finish class, I return home for continue to study English at home, but whatever I try it has no benefit. I memorize English vocabulary every day, but in the next day I will fogot half of them, I feel so upset, I think my IQ is good, but my memery is not so good....
Can anyone tell me how to remenber English words faster? Thanks
I was classfied as mediam level.
When I came back to my house, I remenbered the incident this morning.
I want to know if foreigners color thire hairs or not.
the weather is beutiful.
my roomate asked me to take care of her, I don't wanna let her die in my hands... if so it would be a memoriable experience in my australia life.
The way I expressed above may sound insensitive (and I'm afraid of doing so.), but in my case that makes me realise that I'm lucky in such a peaceful sciety and makes me think about people not in the situation.
He is making an effort to make their ouw paradise.
He imagines when he comes back and sees the beautiful face of his lover, tears in her eyes, but she will smile hapilly, and she will still love him as passionately as in the beginning.
Please help me correct my mistaks, Thank you so much!!!
Today my english (and I know about this very well) I commiting a lot of boob;-) I really like learn english words, but I have a BIG BIG REALLY BIG;) problem about grammar:(Polish language is different, we have another grammar and sometimes (okej, almost always;-)) I speak/ write incorrect;)
I thought that was too expencive!
In addition, I learn Japanese in my spare time to inrich myself.
Watch your manners when drinkig with clients or your seniors.
Don't be their alchole go below half a glasse.
Many people buy a lot of dougnut.
There are a lot of people who like dougnuts in my town.
They both are down to earth and very genuin.
More speeaks, liitle action, and lacking an ending.
I can barely finish all of the questions but not enough time to double-cheak.
In the movie she roled a police officer and one of the Miss United State candidates.
If you know the best way to remenber, please write your way in the comments.
Tommorow, it will be cold.
Maby I won't be able to forget her after this.
My husband left his cellhone in my house
I wonderd.
I couldn't bileive myself!
Yesterday when I watched the news I saw that over 1000 elementaly and junior high school students in Fukushima changed their schools during summer vacation in order to avoid the radiation from nearby nuclear plants.
Under now circumstances in Japan, we've been sensitive about food ingredeents.
I'm Japanese and live in Hirosima, which is a very peacefull city.
Today I finally finished my thesis and I will be graudute from school in maybe two weeks.
My brother said to me that my grandmother was tranfered to the emagencey room for her brain surgery
I will probably have mustle aches tomorrow.
My allawence is far from being able to afford even the cheapest one.
Soo today I write somethink in English.
OK so today I alsow decided to first learn some Japanese words and then write somthink here, till then I will be using only English.
I desperately searched for an Austraian conversation partner, but three months were not long enough to masnter conversational level of English.
He answered me, we introduced each other, and bigan to talk.
At first, I thought it would be really difficult. I was affaid I might break my computer.
However, he miraculously recoveriedand and he is full of energy now:)
I got the form for it from the city and sent it back after filling in the informaion that they need.
I thought it'd be a very good place in this extrem hot summer, but it was too cold to stay long.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm really vurnearable to the temptation of sleep, especially in the morning and afternoon.
eapecially in my city, Kumamoto.
It won't save you if you only drink coffee because vagetable (vegetables) and some other nutritions foods are important.
This means that I am not able to use word, exel or any other softwear and systems well.
I told them many times that I don't know much about PC softwear.
I am not good at english, but I will try to sutdy.
Recently, on the contrary, speaking English is getting a to be a lil burden to me. The more I learn and know that I have to put what I really mean into the words, the more I'm scared and concerned that I would give people a wrong or bad impression of me.
I admit to say I'm a lil insecure, which I don't like to be.
It is quite difficult for me to understatnd slang. (Oooops, is this slang in the first place? or are my studies lacking?)
She is fascinates me though I don't linten to pop music very much.
At that time, my heart was beatting so fast.
Althoug the weather was not perfect to see the far view such as Mt.
I am really nervouse.
In my stuednt time, my writing test always get
-My writing is just so disatrous that it discourages readers to read and correct... (highly probale.)
Yesterday I went to Church in Higasi-nakano.
My friend recommended it. It seemed like a good oppotunity to get to know foreign culture through understanding Christianity although I'm not Christian.
There are many peaple who are native speakers who can speak English very fluently.
Then, our company held a soprts event the day before yesterday and I took part in many activities.
Frist, enormous reading is regurded as a priority in the process of study.
On one hand, rote learing is not really worthwhile. On the other hand, reciting on the base of understanding is definitely good.
After a while, you will store up a large number ofarticles in briain.
We will feel easy when we use Englishset to express our views.
It's said that vagetables are good for your health, so I make sure I use vagetables.
For today's dinner, I made steamed rice with vagetables and meat mixed in, grilled mackerel, shrimp spring roll, freid chiken, boiled spinuch, grilled pucific cod with white sauce and vagetables soup (including garlic).
Do you think we need to creat a '' common language '' for peple in the world?
The first day's result was not successfuly. I could get up early, but I wasn't able to do anything I had expected.
I am a funneinst guy!
It's the bussiness language.....
Not only this, even though the school is an internatial school, there are so many Korean students and poor chance to speak in or listen to English.
Childlen and fools always speak the truth.
I finished my breakfast at six o 'clock; then, sat on the sofa and spent some time wathing UEFA.
Yesterdaty I went to my friend's birthday party at my American friend's house.
We also had a big ice cream cake and snak.
We also drank a lot of alchol, especialy the people whose birthday it was.
By the time the party was almost over, a coupole people passed out.
If it keeps snowing through the ivening I shall not find my house under the snowdrifts-this is Russian weather.
Going back from work to my house, I was draiving at a maximum speed of 40km per hour.
If the snow wasn't making it cold enough, the heathing in the house has stopped working.
Yesterday I had a feever of 38 degrees C.
I don't have enough imformation about finances.
and we enjoyed a game and making friends with the members of the committee in my univercity.
It is to organise?? the festival of univercity.
Only suginami-ku (one town of Tokyo) was entryed in Japan.
Some pople don't like security check, but it
In the end, you can borad the airplane at the gate.
They have your seat nunmber in
that experience and I have to take an airplan but I need to
It's kind of scary to meet someone who I haven't seen for a long time, but positively thinking, it'll be a good oppotunity to catch up on things we've done!
Talking to my friends will helps me relax and get rid of the pressure and sttress from my work!
I've realized that glocery stores and the whole city are getting ready to be decolated for Christmas lately which makes me feel this year's almost over!
Today I received a notebook which I orderd a day before yesterday.
But I thought it's dangerous to buy something expensive before seeing it directry.
Now, I want to be a coustomer survise agent in an airport.
There is some grammer I can't remember.
Hope I can successfullu pass this examination.
If you have any interest in the web site, you sholdn't wait, just ask me.
I'm a big fan of ``The Dark Knight`` and ``Mement`` and I like Ken Watanebe.
Absentmindly story
Another examlpe, I went to my room to fetch something, but I forgot what it was when I arrived.
I couldn't undersant the contents, so I was so bored and sleepy.
we had been waiting for a long time to see the famus band,. we weren't sorry to have seen it becaus it made us very happy to listen to the music and dence.
I went there early and I dicise to go to my houme before the music started because I wanted to cheak my diary and read a book.
I have spent my time for preperation for a seminar.
Behind the counter, there are machines which scane the bar code and say if you win or not.
You can win a voucher for two euros, five euros, or a big suprise (I don't know what kind of surprise).
During that time, I've met a pofessor sho was Mr. (nome of my last supervisor)'s friend and he'd introduced me.
However my purouse isn't loving. I try to concentrate on what I should do now>_ <
Lately I began to have doubts over the choise of my future job.
I want to be a jornalist.
In my opinion, a jornalist should write about what he knows very well or write about what nobody knows.
I am not sure whether I will have good topics in the future, whether I will pass exams and enter the Unirvesity, whether I will find a job in good a newspaper or a magazine.
Although I have beeing learning english since I was 12 years old.
Gradully, I realized that English is very important.
These days I am intersted in learnig English.
And my major was Japenese.
And make friends who come from evrywhere.
I must make more affort!!
According to his explanaition, it seldom stops, but (or and) it is recovered by turnig it on and off.
Just think about the fuel rods, they could provide everyone in Tokyo with enough elecricity every day.
If they can pass the test, they will be given lisences.
(The salary of a carrer-changer is different.)
A HAPPY NEY YEAR
Wathever, sometimes you just want to relax without thinking for a week about what the ending of the last movie you saw meant.
I Regretted Eating 8 Pieces of cokkie
So, I ate 8 pieces of cokkie for dessert after dinner.
Afer ate them, I regret eating too much...
But the strawberry cokkie was very dilicious!!
Anyway, why do the humans want sweet ater exercising hard?
:) I haven't tried out my lovely baby yet because of my damn buzy job.
We are clazy.
I will have a holiday the day after tommorrow again.
We orderd buta-tama (pork and egg) and takoyaki.
If you see ``FRESHNESS BURGEER``, could you try one?
Earthquakes have hppened since this morning, on and off.
My dream is to go to an American school or university to studay!
Drving test
I am caurious how difficult the written driving exam is in other countries..
First of all, I want to say that I don't know very much about the relations between North and South Koreay.
I wish I could recover immidiately. I hope I recover soon
I like snow, but I sometimes hate it because it's difficult to drive on roads coverd by a lot of snow.
I started using skype today, because we can speak in different world langage there.
I am thinking of practicing speking English.
If you have skype accaunt, please call me!!
I like onlin games and Motorcycles.
One-piece, Naruto, Ke-on!!, and Bleach are good anime.
Fortunatully, most of them find one of the best partners for spending the rest of their lives with peacefully without any complicated trouble, unlike some of the famous golf players.
but after a few months problems started and my mom and grandma were fighting a lot verbally and sometimes phisically.....
I registerd on Lang-8 today.
I drink a glass of soymilk with two speenful of the vinegar every day.
I watched ``Valentaine's Day``, which was started playing yesterday.
A lot of foreigners were at the thearter and laguhed a lot.
Last night I was watching Billy& Mandy, one of my favorite cartoons, and I saw that Grim, a charactar from the anime, was holding cute skull shaped cookies.
But, unfurtunately, God forsook us.
To be countinue.
Soon, My son will be in a summer vacaticn.
ITS URGENTE, PLEASE, CORRECT THIS ONE! Please!
I belive that life is a art and we can paint our life as we like, so no one is the same.
And this is very helpful when I make something creative, such as cards or caligraphy.
I have wathed Friends many times.
I like Ross best because he is so kind to his friends and he is so lovely when he is with Recheal.
Until now this friend's childern were all boys.
New Zealand is now winter and this morning was freeging.
Normally I wake up arround 7am and these days sunrise is after 7: 30, so every morning I have to wake up in the dark.
Tonight I will go to bed ealry.
Today is childlen's day in Japan.
Recentry, I read the book titled 'Syabake'.
Lackly I woke up tonight.
The population of Japan is decreating now, but the business in Japan is doing poorly.
I had some poteto salad sandwiches, cherries, and iced coffee.
Like other countries, chilldren in Japan believe that Santa exists.
Gonna work as a web creater after graduating (only 2months left!).
They were the offense side, and we were the defense side.
My advanced class students learned how to inquire at places like hotels, cultual centers and infometion center information centres; asking the price, the way to get there, what kind of facilities they have...
But I couldn't understand how to purl, untill my granny showed me how to do this.
Finaly, I slipped it again and knitted some pairs of socks and gloves for my father and brother.
I need the computer because I am studing English and Ihave todo myhomework.
So, they are not eager to get mariage.
so I can't read messeage.
I looked up severel recipe websites to see if there are any other recipes to make with leftover turkey.
But recently, it has become more difficult to communicate with China& Rossia about territorial affairs/ matters/ problems.
Have you heard what happened between Japan and China, and Rossia.
For our kid's furture, we must communicate constructively with logical thinking.
I went to climing mountain, which is near my apartment, but the mountain is very short.
If it is bad for my healty, I will reduce the amount of coffee I drink.
Recentry I have been going to driving school.
I want to go shopping and sightseeing and eat humbuger.
I'm relieved because no trouble has happend, as a result.
In the firest two days, I just took a break.
I think it was not relexing.
A: What a strage factory!
All his dishes looked so yummily so the next day I went to the book shop and bought his cook book.
She is going back to Irland so I decided to make something for her.
And as you may know, I am living in Eugen, Oregon--a very rural area, so I can't get them easily.
It costs 65 dollers.
We slpet only 3 hours each night.
It was so regrettablt because if we weren't nervous we could do better:(I don't know why I was so nervous.
At first, it was an ordinary thing. But after I grew up, I felt that I had missed a great something, which was my father `s affection. I realized that I didnn't receive from my father except for his money.
After my mother `s death, I thought that my father would change for the better and play my mother's role, but unfortunatly he couldnotn't do that.
In spite of that, I love my father so much, but if I had had the capacity to choose my father, I wouldnn't have choosen him.
Don't spend most of your time working, becaue you believe that your children need money. Of course they do, but be aware that they need love before anything else.
It is when I am passing over the brigde that I see the almond moon over the sky.
Dessert was too sweety for me though, but my sister said it was good.
Yesterday, I got a new family who study Japanaese and are going to stay at my house for 4 months.
I think pople become unaware of how important the things we care about are as we get older.
Anway I think this movie is not only for children but aslo for adults.
It's very exciting and entatining and an heart-warming film.
We had booked a room in the Hillton Hotel before we traveled there.
I am goot at receiving, so I am entrusted to be in libero position.
So, I want you to correct my Jornals or to send me any messages.
Love sharply and deeply, althougt you can become hurt this is a unique way to live completely.
I was going to buy running shoes, but what I actully bought was a DVD and so on.
he will soon be able to stand by hisself.
There were a lot of ropes with different blocks (polyspasts), funny mirrors, infrared cameras with displays, magnets, models of the ancient ``perpetum mobile`` (of course they don't work).
I chaird the club meeting.
My son actually chose it, but it was lucious and I was elated.
I want to learn Korean, but I danon't know how to study it and which book can help me...
Is it look like a black folower??
I'm planning to get a driving licecse before long.
aborad......
But I have truted the Government.
There wewe a lot of women.
``Zyoshiki`` means girls got together and taliking about boyfriends, work, and life Enjoying happy ``girls only`` time.
The medical center coporated with many sutdents restaurants and invited them to offer nuturious but delicious lunches.
There were fruit sandwishes, Korean food (without meat), spaghetti with vegetables and chicken, and so on.
I had lots of chances to fly on airplains around that time.
The place of the story is Barcerona. (Is this a right spelling?)
So, I began to take Chinese harbal medicine.
On Studay, I'm planning to go to my friend's birthday party!!
My hobbies are soccer and teniss, and I'm interested in anime.
I set it up (It was a litte difficult.) and used it, but I was disappointed.
It means I have to swicth and link items when/ every time I want to use the headset with other applications.
I seached the internet and it says it takes you 1000 hours to understand what a native speeker is saying.
I am a student and a scientist at school, so I spend a lot of time studing and doing research.
But now, I got a breether to write an enrty.
Hot springs are also effective for curing a variety of desease.
What I find difficult is the pronounctiation and writing in English, while I find it pretty easy to read and listen to English passeges.
One of them tried to catched the thrown ball from the QB, Rogers who was elected as a MVP player in the Super Vowl.
We were gald watching in that moment.
I will never forget at that moment, when everyone was smiling and enbracing.
It's a specail day for me
Although I don't have a lot of money and prettty girlfriend,
I've studied English for a long time (actually I'm also taking my major that is economics in English now, because of university policy...) but still speakcing and writing in English is kind of really difficult for me.
This will be really honor for me, if you guys have conffident in using English to edit my diary correctly.
Because of it, it felt too uncomfortable to rest in the aftermoon.
Today's weather in Wu han is so great. It is sunny, so we can wash colther in the dormitory.
I nerver read them to the end. I would like to, but I am a cracy girl.
I know it is really hard to do. Sometimes I feel lazy and sometimes I feel drosy and would like to sleep.
Hello evveryone.
I'm practcing ``In too deep`` by Sum41:)
However, unfortunatelly my son caught the ball someone pitched.
My team's parents were talking about the move with dissappointedly.
I can't beieve it!
Seinfeld is a commedy drama based on the real life of Mr.
Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew McCaughey appeared in this American romantic comedy movie.
I have an English teste tomorow that I wanna (want to) pass.
There are aroud 328 pepoples dead.
Last week, my classmate who is now a teather told me that there are 2 classes that have been stopped due to H1/ N1 in her school.
The most inpressed car was TOYOTA FR-S concept.
When painting a picture from ur memory, simply close ur eyes and think about the innocence of childhood or your first bittercrush.
I think I have the responsity to remind you, my friends, to pay more attention to your health.
Personly, I insisit the fact that health is the first.
I was exicited and moved by the close match.
but I was frightend by their high skill, technique, body strength,
From today may 1st, 2009, onwards, they have 'Sakura special', for example a Sakura scon.
But thay put the price up!!
My company had an exhibition in a departmant store.
I had to be a promter girl there with a lot of show girls.
I left home at 8: 30 to go to Tronto, Canada.
I am looking for peolple who can teach me English.
Which sentense is correct?????
I studied English at scholl for about 8 years.
for a long time ~ or for a while or ferever ~
Why doesn `t scientists invent this machine,
Some of our members (unfortunately they couldn't join the re-union) have got married, had babies, and what's more, one of them has already devorced!!
If I have mistakes, recorrect itplease.
For some years, Ididn 'tdo agood job and have many many troublesomes.
Life is a journy.
I just watched the movie called Avater.
You often see its advertisement on TV recetly.
Theseday days, many students don't like math to be difficult.
Because it is hard to make the ajustment and there is few unorthodox fighter than orthodox fighter.
I will be staying here for ten mounth.
I think maybe I would understand why he had a two-faced attitude like L 'tranger...
These day I am intersted in learnig English.
Actully, I have greduated from univesity.
You find more tourists than Japanese around here and can listen to lanuageages other than Japanese, such as Chinese, Korean, and, needless to say, English.
The access to the airport is easier than from Sinjuku or Shibuya.
The atomosphere here is more down-to-earth.
If your mood is in, you can have them on a boat with Tatami-mat watcihng skyscrapers, what's more a strange object architecture on a famous companies roof, which seems to me a gold excrement...
Although I've studied English for 10 years, my English is realy poor.
I took a gramar test at school this morning.
However, I heard that my lelvel up test score sucks.
To tell you the turth, I feel sorry for him, because he really looked sad...
However, I think that street_ streetperformers should be much better at juggling.
Street_ Streetperformers are often bad at juggling, because they don't need to be very good at juggling to surprise audiences.
I was very hot but bery happy!
I canged my job this Novmber to work at hospital.
Humm I still don't know what to write about, and I definitely need some help, because I never have time to practice my writen English...
I watched TV and made accesorries.
But it was cold and thier bodys shivered, and I did too.
Next, I must learn what my bad side is and try to cortrol it.
Once there is something wrong with the electric (electronic?) or programms (programming?), robots will become a good-for-nothing machine.
Surposing everything would depend on robots, What would human beings be like?
Hellow =)
Theregore, I can 't sleep...
This year there was also a street market where you could buy paintings, bracelets and other things, many people partecipated.
Our baby will be born this Feburary.
I thought 'bout a babershop
Today I went to a babershop.
I took TOEIC test last Sunday.
I work Itarian restaurant.
Although, I don't know hou to use it.
This is one of my favorite piont of my English school.
Usually there are 5 ~ 7 adalts, including the teacher, and 4 ~ 6 babys.
I started learning English in junior high school (from 13 years old) so I can't become bilingal.
It was very delisious.
Then I went to Jill's cafe ivent with my friends!
Jill sutuart invited me to it.
and he apolygizes to Jenny for for what he did to her that night.
I went to the National Museum of Korea for seeing the histoy of Egypt.
Today, I will attend a lecture by a Finacial expert
I will think it over because the subjicts that I choose are very important.
I'm feeling somewhat wierd since we don't have the summer time in Japan.
So I sent a message to him ``When will you call me?`` And he answerd ``5: 30 I will meet you at Arsenal station, OK?`` I went to the station, and I was wating for him, but he didn't come.
After that he sent a messege to me ``I'm sorry.
My friend had a poblem.
I desided not to promise anything more with him.
When I was dffense, I only striked.
It rained heaviliy today.
I heard on the TV weather forcast that a few days later, it'll be hot again.
Of Ofcouse the camera was broken completely.
I have studeid American and British literature for about 3 years.
Espeicially when you take two totally different language courses, it would drive you crazy.
Everytime time she starts to choose students to anwser her questions, I always pray that she won't call on me again and again.
I live in Kumamoto city, and Kumamoto city has a similer altitude to Los Angeles and Phoenix.
I was presented to it by my host mather when I stayed with my host family in the north of England for the purpose of going to the special school as a foreign staff member.
During the lessons, he is smiling in front of the mirro.
Hugh Laury, who most of us know as Dr.
His position was offencive half, Midfielder.
I'm willing to corret essays/ notebook entries writen in Korean on Lang-8.
But after a period of training, I learned to opreate it.
That's the reason that I have to say to all of you I'm sure that I'm a beginer both in English and using a PC.
So now you maybe feel funny and laugh at many mistakes in the English sentencese written by myself.
I'm dissapointed how limited my vocaburary is.
In total, we might as well wait the shuttle bus of Carrefour due to its convinent.
but it's ok.
mistery is always be a thrill, right?
Our Institue congratulates yours on its 30th anniversary very much.
Havy rain!!
It is hard for me to consentrate on studying.
Because my frieds made girl friedns, except me!
Since I finished military sevice, many things have changed.
From IT technology to peaple's value.
I couldn't adapt to this new socialty very well.
was on stage as a menmer of his band.
I do want to play this music very sllowly.
My favorite pianist, Fredy Kempf, always play the pathetique mov. 2 very sllowly.
I don't know wich is the correct expression to say. That the copper ``gets reduced`` and the zinc ``gets oxidated``...?
I am interested in learning Eglish and hope to make friends from many contries.
If you have a question about Korean food, education, cluture etc, would you contact me?
As you know, the stituation at the nuclear power plant in Hukushima plants is terrible.
The company has a big luxury accomodation near the nuclear power plant.
But the company has locked the doors of the rooms and forced the field workers to sleep in corrider with blankets.
The Tokyo Electric Power Company said ``We will use the accomodation afterward so we don't want field workes use them and get them dirty.``
Honestly speaking, I'm a little nervos now.
However, in response he gave me an winm with a funny face!
Then, the online teacher said ``What happened, Msasami??
there are many classics which were writen by our antecessors There are many modern works too.
chinses books.
Playing the trumpet is very difficult because I must use my lip muscles around the mouth and bleath adequately to keep correct pitch and rhythm.
Now, our orchestra is preparing to pirform the pieces, Brahms 'Symphony No.
I teache her Japanese.
She is really preasant, cheerful and definitly different from
sentences and grammers.
Five people inculuding me atended this meeting.
It was a good opportunity to think about my carrer.
I tried to walk to the hospital near my house, but I coundn't.
He can speak intermediate level Japanese, probably he can explain English glammers to me in Japanese.
When I was in Sydney, I hired a damn cheecky Australian Japanese tutor.
Oh, I've drifted off topix.
In short, we can't talk loudly in a liberary, so we can't practice speaking.
Today I went to the stationery store and I bought a wonderfull ecologic notebook and two drawing pencils.
Actually, I'm not the type of a girl who writes a diary entry everyday, but I think it's a very intersting system.
Hmm... what eles should I write... yeah, I suck at writing somthing even my own language.
but I couldn't do anything fot them.
Now, I rerally talk with people even if they are Japanese because of my busy work.
One is to give encouragementin a positive secene.
Today I applied for ``Kyoto Charity Fun Run`` and entried a group in the half-marathon.
While we are reading mystery, we can pretend we are like Homes, and when reading adventure, we can jump from a criff like Indy Jones!!!
I thought about something that I took a trip through whole Tawian by bike last year.
It was alomost in such a senson
But I can learn about war throght movies, newspapaer and TV TVshow.
he did not die fortunataly.
idk how to use photshop:(
Japan Saccor Go!
It is dry and preety loud...
However, the class lasts more than 50 minutets.
For example, when I put any food in refridge [refrigerator] I must stamp date their labels.
I caliculated the amount of words I need to memorize to pass the test.
If the husband dies earlier than the wife, the property was to be devided into quarters, and three quarters would go to the wife, and the rest to the brothers and sisters of the husband.
They came to the decision that they would let the old couple to divorce, and divid the property within their lifetime.
The problem of property inheritance used to be a rare evemt, but is common now.
Shiga prefecture is in the Kansai area, where poeple were not damaged by the quake.
I had to have a small camera with a long cord inserted into my stomach, which made me feel a little scarecely.
After the examination, I consulted with my docter and was shown a picture that depicted the inside of my stomach.
I ate avocados few manth ago.
There are only 8 students and I'm not one of them because our teacher choose them according his personal sympathy (((maybe it's just simplier for him not to take or deal with girls.
Moreover, I get up eariler than others, because I can study and work more efficiently in the early morning.
I appretiate it very much.
I was chatting with my friend, slept, and read abook.
But I hava a very happy holiday.
Last weekend, I went to a museum to see a Japness painter's 3D art. It's so magicial, you can see my magicial painting in my photos.
Today it's rainning:(((I don't like rainning!!! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
When he went to Pais, he got into trouble at the airport, when his lggege was mintakenly sent to Africa.
It was misterious and magical.
It is caused by refrantion of moon light at a high altitude in fine ice.
But everyone else wear sring coats.
Please take a second look at the lable...
This is an example of the difference of democracy betweek the US and Japan.
Ttherefore I had decided to run at my fun-run pace.
Lukily, it is easier for learners to learn the Chinese grammar point about subject verb agreement which often annoys the learners in some any language study such as English.
I'm sure I passed the oral, but in the other test, I had to write a composition (no more than 180 words) which was the 40% of the total (I wanted to write cost, but I'm not sure if it's allright, so what I put was...
I felt nurvous.
Can't 2012 be really coming? I hope it's never be ture
I practiced lisening and reading.
my japanese is so poor that I can't read the dialogues fluntly, even can't write a complete sentence. I beagan to lose confidence.
Today is rainning.
Talking with others is the most important part of learning a foreighn language, so I'll try to use it at various opportunities.
Everybody has the chance to give others gift in some celebrations and anniversities. (anniversary)
My friend gave me a can of macadamia nuts as a survenia from Hawaii.
I'm still in the phase to test one of the module to see if it works wellTT. TT
My famlly loves him very much, he is the most precious thing in my
Now I'm looking forward to the the Spring Testival, when
Recently I started playing guiter.
I am a biginner now, but I want to play ``There but for fortune`` by Joan Baez on the guiter in the future.
It's Japanese tradditional culture.
footbal and other kind of sports.
``Week of Sports`` is very interesting and faseinating.
It hasn't been a long time since tha Japanese Prime Minister assumed.
I think this is such embarrasing news for Japan.
Altough it rained off and on all the time, we began to walk while chatting.
The teacher is Philipino. They are all friendly and patient.
These things are enemies to lerner.
Although today's weather forcast says [no comma] there is a 70% chance of rain....
Although I haven't been abroad, If I get a high score on toefl, I beilive I will get a chance to go anywhere. OR Have a chance?
I have had a toothache theese past couple of days.
Children of Emmigrants
I watched a TV program about children of emmigrants a few days ago.
The TV program showed that children of emmigrants who had to go back to ``their mother countries`` haven't been paid attention to.
It is made of Hida-beef that has been rised around the meat of cattle, And it has a good reputation.
It is famous for the delicious food and its history of calture (no need to write here).
I'll be back tommorow or you can also visit our offic to pick up your delivery in the afternoon. ``
Tomorry I will go to work again.
I would like to study abord.
I finished washing some glasses, and I was bringing it on a tray to the front counter through the tables, which most of them were filled by costemors.
If it'd happened in Japan, I difinetely would've been forced to say ``I am sorry`` to the costomers since it may have bothered them.
yeah! Then, in my house with failmy, I 'lleat cake, decorate a tree--I hope for christmas snow!
Goodbye everyone I should sleep a little bir or I will fall asleep in the classroom.
Foreigners in Taiwan can feel they're welcome whereever they go.
And the youth are full of creativies as well.
It's so easy to imagine that they'll tell everything to classmates and thier friends, although I don't want anyone know.
Althought I have learened the Korean alphabets before,
Let me tell you about our vacation in Croatia this Julay.
But I cannot go this Sunday because I have someting to do aside from tennis.
I boutht and ate a croissant in this bakery.
There's little time when I can be sutisfied with what I had done that day.
Unless we were genious, it would be difficult to be content.
Or even if we did as we scheduled, it would happen that we will forget surtain amount until we get out of bed next day.
It will make it easier for me to caugh my mistakes.
Today I was wailking in the delivery ward
I cooked korea food.
I'll definitly write in my diary every day ~.
Beer gardends and about the 15th of August!
It is a paste of azuki beans and is very importatnt for Japanese-style confectionery.
the contest spoonsor cut off all funding to the prizewinners.
but I will work hard on the T-shirt desgin.
Fortunately, I found a useful site of English grammer and I'd like to study using that.
Some people say they coudn't do what they wanted to do because they were too busy doing what they had to do.
Many 'to do's are oppotunities to advance.
The Giant Killer Catfish. From Hell... Stikes Back.
Michail turned back and tried to run, but a huge barbel grabbed his leg, so he slided on the mud and felt down.
Then he went to a hospital in Nanjing to have his operation, the docotor cut half of his lungs.
We donationed money for him, but it didn't solve his problem.
Three main characters unfamiliar each other were at the crash scene and each story was focused on their dramatical but tragic and melancholy fates.
I was in a confusing sitiuation
Today, when I was waiting for the bus to get home, three pople sat at the bench of the bus stop. They were speaking Cantonese.
Both of them speak Cantonese so I think her explations should of been better than mine.
If senior people become more and more and less and less babies are born, the senior peoples 'life would get longly and nobody can take care of them.
I can have a pinic with my family on a fine day.
Suess!
So I encouraged myself, I could get beneit from this experience.
Its even popular to put fake eyelush on their eyes.
acutually, I'm working for a beauty salon now.
And, I like tyhoon days.
Tyhoon days make me excited.
I guess one of the answers to this question is, people and money from all over the world are comming to London because of the less-regulated market or something.
The party was held at an Italian resutaurant in Shiodome which is one of the most modern places in Tokyo.
There were already Chiristmas lights up.
Mozalt said,
I think, well.., I SHOLD even though I'm not sure how the security updates work.
Because I've ever played basketball and handball, initially I suppouse it's just an excercise and I'm a little thin to engage in sport.
While I was on Lang-8 she asked me to open Youbute and look at Avril Lavigne.
Now I'm not confortable with hot and spicy meals...
I don't know how to thank the person who corrct my English in Lang-8.
Now, I want to make a lot of foreign Frends, I want to talk about many things.
My dogs let me know the snake came to my house. They were barkeing.
I am social welfare woker.
I help the poor, handcap, and the elderly.
If you'd like to enjot the long stretch of the countryside nearby, I recommend you to take a slower train at a nice comfortable speed where you still get to see the countryside rolling by.
I noticed that I need to improve more on my English writting skill.
I've been to Hawai before.
I hope you are well, I am the graduate student from Tokyo University of Marine Science and Tecnology who guided you around Tokyo when you came to Japan, two years ago.
I am e-mailing you beacause I have a pavor to ask about the article you presented in Nature magazine in March 2008.
I guess this is the most importan quality that I have written about.
Hell, everybady.
The staff explained that the chef used coal to roast it and it was on theif recommended menu.
I am a student. I am studying Japannese.
Moreover a thaughtless act or remark can spoil a perfect relationship.
lately I take a shawer twice a day.
Menbers of Twitter gather in the local area.
I only talk about somethig concerning work or a greeting.
I learned a lot of English words, grammer, and about the cultures of foreign countries.
Useally, most Japanese companies close on accounting in March.
I can spend the time reading about garmma. I'm happy when I read books, sometimes I would like to sleep on the books. I try to drink water alot, that's good and helps me have alot of oxygen I know I write oxygen wrong but I write from my heart. I enjoy. I'm really confused about the passive voice
I try to do excercises but I usauly have to open the anwers all the time. Today I did not read but I will be at home after I finish internet room. I bought fruit before I took the bus to go home. I eat on the bus alot I feel headache like I drink beer.
I've run out of weter for my contact lenses. I must buy some today but I have a parblem I forget to bring my wattet from the office so I don't have any money. I am not worried at the moment I have a card for the ATM, I can withdraw money using it.
But unfortunately, as the lsland is not very popular for Japanese tourists I can't get enough basic information
However, the weather in Pisanulauk was really hot.
Recently, what I've been wanting is ``Rumba``, a cleaning robbot.
It is so clever that it can autmatically clean a room.
And, the nalaition says ``Your job is grillig (?).
Something hapended to me that got me down.
I get up evry morning with the feeling that I'm loser.
He is interagence and cool.
Every first greaders showed blow art.
This movie stimurated me.
In fuct, I was studying Meteorology when I was about 20years old but before I knew it, I stopped being interestd in it.
So I useally cook my own meals.
Today, I cooked Ramen for my dnnner.
Practicing Englihsh writing
So, it is difficut for me to identify their reasons.
I hope tommorrow is rainy day ^ ^;
I had an English lesson that includs just answering questions.
I had a nice time with kind and friendly people, saw so many awsome things, and I had fabulous food and a comfortable hotel.
Actually I didn `t know much about cambodian history so it was a good chance to sutudy it and it's especially sad past in the modern era.
The travel was not only enjoyable but also extention my knowledge.
But one thing that I realily love about it is the appearence of the phone.
And it's good for moman.
Before tha examination, I haven't had alcohol for a long time.
But I have to get up (and study?) to get a better score in the exam tomorrw.
And I will go to a seminar about psycorogical education, I will eat sushi, I will meet my friends, and so on.
I thoght that there would be more than 3000 people.
When we lined up at the start line, I was a little nurvus.
Although it's made by Addidas, it's a pity that it's even worse than the last one.
I need to improve my English writing skills, so I decieded to write a diary or something on lang-8 again.
I wanted to learn Taichi so it was a nice experiance.
I have decided to do the following Taichi streches every morning.
I'm goint to do my best!!
But it occurs to me that writing about my condition in Lang-8 is alos studying!!
I remenber that I also paid for my dates with my allowance.
But in the USA, boys have to pay for everything, bus fare, movie fare, humberger and coke.
Unfortunately, it was a cloudy moning.
I tried to take a photograph with my cell phone but nothing had been taken except the gray clouds.
If you know and use it, please let me know what your recommendation recipi is.
Japanese don't have the sence/ notion/ idea of entertaining ourselves.
If I wanted to ask the simular question, I would say ``What do you do when you are free?``
In this site, beautiful women have the plate that shows the curret time.
The Japanese goverment has executed the plan of blackouts.
It means the electricity is cut off at a regulat time every day.
So I found that electricity is one of the more important things for our dayly lives.
I made a big effort to learn, because this is so intereting for me more and more.
I have never thisexperienced this.
I am still a university student and English is nesaccery to get high credits as well as graduate school.
I really get strees out now.
Oh, I forgot to introduce a speclial spot.
I quit my French course because I have become more confused about Spainish and Franch.
If I do not stop them, the chattin gets worse and worse.
The morden communication tools make our communication more convinient.
For those people I can check their etiology one time, I would try my best to find a better therapy, and for those whom I don `t unknow their etiology, I tell them that they need a general checkup.
I also need to talk with the docters and nurses on duty, and tell them what they should pay more attention.
Daisy Duck in particuler is good.
The pary finished very erly because of a thunderstorm.
I'm going to run around my home tomorrow, weather permmiting.
I woak up at 7: 00.
They knew that and siad ``Go for it!
However, they are leaving Japan becuase their exchange program has finished...
They are my good friends and I learned mani things from them.
I really love Aussei life!
and I'm looking for a new job which is conected with English.
Because, oil (gasoline) price is getting expencive recentry.
I have a doughter who is 1 year old.
But a bicycle like that is not fashonable.
Generally it's all about using the opponent's force to beat them:D This aspect is especially important for me, as I'm only 155cm high and although I'm quite strong, my strenght is nothing in comparison to that of an average guy.
The more the preys move, the more they get tangled up in the traps because it is as if every single thread of their web were made up of adhisive glue.
I really wanted to go to a Itarian restaurant ``MAX`` one more time, so we went there and ate black pasta with tomato sause and meat roaf and drank sparkling wine:) Everything was sooo good.
After dinner, We went to ``The View Rounge`` at Marriott Hotel.
My school councelor Hannah told me that I should go to this rounge before going back to Japan.
I think I need to build up my volabulary to get a high score for TOEFL.
They are humous but sacastic.
I'm so glad that three of my requests passed and that I receieved two messages from Lang-8.
I grilled a big HOKKE in the kitchen. I serched and found out that it is called an Atka mackerel fish.
Today, I talked a lot of things about my feture with my aunt.
People in Canada usualy put their feet across a seat in the bus.
FYI, the exchange rate of JYP/ USD on January 15, 2009 was TTB JPY88. 25, whereas today's TTB rate is JPY99. 67 at our bank.
I made a dialoge using some idioms and vocabulary that I have learned today.
I stowed my carry-on lugguage, and asked a person in front of me to pull his seat up a little.
One of my friends had shown me the ropes the other day, but I couln't remember.
Most of them have excellent knowledge of thier fields technically
Native American jewerly
I've just learned about Native American jewerly.
But, the jewerly of the Hopi is rarer than others.
Recently, I am thinking about which lauguage I can learn other than English.
Also, I am thinking that after learning Spanish, the next equire is for French or other languages.
On the other hand, I am concerneed about this fact because my English is poor.
Acoording to the experience of my friends, I should stay home (or at a library) studying and, I should not go anywhere else.
A few days ago, I was complaining to my boyfriend that I'm so envious that others can have fun all day and night but I can't, he said nothing but ``that's what you chose.`` I was so depressed then, because what I want is only some conforts.
My favorit area is finance and economics. My background is in mathematics
However, now an economicial crisis is happening all aroud the world!
On the ferry, there were many Korean torists.
I am sorry that I didn `t writte to you for such a long time.
In addition, I do not know the reason why they started demo before the porice shot a man.
The man is Cadian.
Yet, there are many things to do, so I can't affrod the indulgence.
Talking with people outside of Japan with different ethinic and cultural backgrounds is really invaluable exprience for me!!
Playing the harmonica doesn't seem to be crazy difficult, and first of all it is not expensibe.
don't If anyone doesn't help me, I could post the jurnals I wrote here, in my blog, hehe.
I really want to know the expression that I use makes sence..
My Pinapples
But I didn't konw a better answer.
My hometown is more southly than the town I currently live in.
Now I am sitting on the lesson of Information technology, so I'm writting the post in English.
Today is an extremely hard day, we have exam and perfomance with school chore.
I embroiderd a lily and made a card with it.
Inside, on the first floor, there were a lot of portreits of young beatiful women with flowers and a little tiny garden in the backyard with armchairs under some palms.
I'm not in the moond to do my chores.
there's a three days holiday waiting for me, I have to make some preperations for my trip to Chongqing...
It's a sci-fi about a psyschiatric patient who
My family name is Park and I live in Seoulite.
Looong time no see XD
But my English was poor, so I counldn't understand the American voice actor's accent.
If you watch the Japanese version of this work, and if you can realize an Oosaka accent, I tnink you are already a competent Japanese speaker.
He sells his wath in order to buy a comb for his wife's hair, and she sells her hair intending to buy a chain for her husband's watch.
However, Serbian is written in the Cyrillic alphabet while Croatian is written in the Roman alphabet, because Serbian people belong to the Eastern Orthodox Church while Croatian people believe in Cathorism.
I want to go to a beautifl spot.
For example, if you boutht goods at a shop you can get points, and you can use the accumulated points to pay for other goods.
But my new office is in the city area, so I have to wear bussiness suits.
Today I bought a lot of things to wear, for example bussiness suits, shoes, and so on.
I guess I fogot to buy a new light.
I am really worrid about my parents.
Oh my god, my granma, who is 94 years old, lives in Aomori.
I controlled my computer to watch a vidio from a long distance.
I realy hate hospitals.
I don't know what to write, but I think that is sad to ``meet`` people and you can't tolk with them because you have diferent scheduls.
The examination finished on Octber 16, but my PC broke down two days before the examination.
So, I got anoter PC and connected to the Internet for one week.
I think that I'll do my best tommorrow even though it is snowing all day.
I am writing this English conposition from my smart phone.
In a sence, I think that is true.
But in my cace it isn't true.
Tonight, we'll talk a lot about incidnts we experienced in 2009.
yesteday!!
I will be studying abroud in Alaska, US this August.
My horiday
For exsample, baseball, soccer and basketball etc. There is enough space to play them.
Therefore, I can be relaxed wnenever I go there.
My friends warry about me being too busy, but to see children's smiles makes me very cheerful
Actullaly before starting this league, WBC (World Baseball Classic) was one of my favorite things to enjoy after finishing my routine work even though we, Korea lost against Japan in the final round.
Moreover, my hometown, Busan, is famous for entusiasm against bbaseball, especially the LOTTE GIANTS TEAM, which belongs to Park Ki-hyuk, LEE Dae-ho etc.
How about we support them toghethe?
I heard that it is important for wimen to make boiled potstickers fast.
I was going to make a team but I coudn't afeter all.
I was sad and disappinted.
And I do the others sports like badminton and volleyball every Weddesday.
I think he is a very lovery cat.
I hope to be friedly with you.
Then to improve my writing skills, I will keep an English diary or wtite an essay in English on lang-8, expecting some corrections frommy friends.
Acutually the main pourpose of my shopping today was to get an electric fan which is small and stylish
to place in the kitchin and the rest room of my apartment.
I did call another shop to make sure they sitll had one, but they were sold out as well.
It seems like everybody rushed to get electrical fans because many pople use air conditoners less for the possible of power shortage in the upcoming summer.
I know it's a good phenomenon that pople try to use more eco-frendly gudets,
Therefore, I was expecting the clerk to check my age, but the clerk did not do it at all, hahahha!!!
(Unneeded because it couldnt cause repetition.)
Korea's largest conglomerate (we call them chaebol, which means big company runned by a single family) is Samsung.
A few days ago, the third generaion of the Lee family succeeded the management rights.
The process was absolutly illegal.
Altough I don't know wether I can get best
By the way, I want to learn Japanese in my snmmer vacation.
They use public transportations furequently.
Therefore, the gorvenment should make public transportation much more convenient for the elderly!
Strenge town.
I've got an email from my friend who went to Germanny in Febrary.
Anyway, I think the global economy will not recoverd in the near futre.
the nowes source: URL
In Japane, a woman filed a suit against the company which is a world famouse brand, PRADA.
It's a forbidden way to sell things by the head office, so she informed PRADA Mirano.
I can't take you to PRADA Mirano, because of your unsuitable looks. ``
In Japan, powre-harassment is not popular.
If I was hit by a boss, It's my fault. ``, so if one voices it's starange or they should not hurt me, most people think`` He/ she is selfish or has done something wrong enough to make the company angry. ``
Usually, on firday night. on my way home I will walk around downtown alone, and I feel relaxed and comfortable.:) Sometimes I will go buy some pancakes or cookies for myself as a little present, and I share them with my family as well...:D Just by walking on the street and eating something sweet can make me feel happy and satisfied!
Becouse I have to take T and the bus when I go back
In my personal opinion, setting an attainable goal which can be achieved through a series of steps is the most essencial for keeping (maintaining) motivation.
I conclude my dialy here.
I `m a studend and I can work only at nights.
Especially since my favorite musicans are Americans, I enjoy listening to American music.
However, even though I have studied English for a long time, my Emglish speaking skill isn't good enough.
I have studied Englishi for ten years.
I go to English coversation school every weekend.
I belong to beseball culb.
The differece is wehter I experience it inside or outside.
From what I gathere, the lumps often come to you not only immideately but also after you've forget about it.
And the likelifood of us inheriting footsteps of our parents is very high, which is very unrecognizable because of the clossness among kins.
When A car had just departured from/ left the building, it was hit by an taxi that/ which was running on the road.
I hope you can help not only correct my grammar mistakes but also develope my arguments.
Since the quake happened, the Tokyo Desney Land has been closed in case of the planned outage and liquifaction.
Still, in Japan many people are struggling with the damage from the quake and tunami but meanwhile we are restoring our own country step by step.
Of course I liked them all the same, but I started to gradually dislike the coulor, so I asked my husband to paint the shelf white.
This mornig
After class I usually spend alomst three hours in the cafe studying English with my friends whom I met at a previous class last month.
I have deen a basketball team leader of my college department for last two years, and at begining of this year I had a junior take the helm.
Unfortuneately, good things don't last forever.
I felt grat about this movie:) In particular, I really liked Asian Kung-Fu Generation's song.
That is one of the reasons I'm learnig English.
In erementary school, we are taught to conform with people in our class.
For example, when an athletic meet is held, we are forced to march like soldiers in north korean.
Not just in school, but also amang your friends, when we go to 'KARAOKE' you must sing songs your friends know.
In oder for their economy to be safe, China really wants a ``Strong Dollar``..
I entried the half race (21. 0975km).
Short Dially in School
I blong to Society for the Digital Study, or a computer club.
Oh, the class after school (at this school) will begin in a munite.
I am going to watch the DVD of ``UGLY BETTY`` that I rentaled from TUTAYA.
TUTAYA is a famous rental shop in Japan.
Is studying English abraod good?
I think studying English abraod is good, but I don't think it is suitable for me.
If I were brave enough and had a lot of money, I might try to study English abraod.
I would like to use Englsih fluently in business.
Unfortunately, I had a difficult hard time communicating with the telephoone operator.
Even now, the afficted areas suffer from supply shortage.
I've been using my kotatu since the beginning of December.
Basketball, Vallyball, Soft-ball, Tennis, Table Tennis, Softball, Soccer and Jump Rope.
I played Basketball and Vallyball.
I started playing dragon quest 9 which was relased last week.
Today I am still tierd.
I went to my friend's bday party on fryday night and only slept for 1 hour.
Going out with friends is very fun and exciting, but too tierd.
I was so tierd that I was dozing at work [on] Monday and today.
Due to the disaster at the Hukushima Dai-ichi nuclear (power) plant, almost all power plant activity in Japan has been suspended.
Couple of mothes ago, I took a test called TOEIC, which is an Engilsh reding and listining test.
When the score was anouced, I was supriesd becouse I got 930.
I was relly gratifed and proud of my score.
Education or practic is the best way to learn valuable skills.
Nevertheless, peole who works for various jobs are able to gain much more experience and skills than students.
On the other hand, the education that people received normally is the foundamental and basic knowledge, and teachers do not teach their students techniques quite often.
To sum up, by contrast, people obtain more skliis or techniques in work than in education.
In addition, thoes with many skills are more likely to match the demand of society.
So I went to the barbar this morning and dropped by the book store.
He is a Japanese coedian.
He has a good sense of humor.
In this company, I dealt with modern art, contemporary art, decrative art, ceramics, jewelry and watches so I like them all. I'm especially interested in contemporary art and jewelry.
There was interesting camaign against hunt for cheetahs in Africa.
English. My homework. Letter to the magazin ``Shout``. Can you give advice to this girl? Please, help me!)))
Sasha writes that she has some problems with her famaly.
My advice to Sasha is: talk with your parents, do not be alone, find a hobby, stady better and do not worry.
I hope that Sasha will find common language with her famaly.
I have a question about how to use the phraze ``like that``.
Coulda boom be comming?
I sometimes remenber old songs.
It is ``We shall overcome`` a famous as sinbolic song about
But I'm lerning English now so that I can understand people
of vourious countries.
The other is a ``Collective House.`` This literally means that mainly younf poeple collect together and live together.
For example, in the TV, the camera is focous 'on the ball only, and we can't focus on anything else like the goal keeper, soccer players, etc.
It was intresting, but expensive.
For example, we can get healthier body from physical exercise and improve our blood circument.
Playing basketball is good at improving the height of your body and improving our fridndship.
Apple's new gizmodo, the iPad!!
Apple's CEO, Steive jobs said that ipad will take the place of
I had no chice but to use my left hand.
Our prouct base will have a rail link by the end of this year
then we can combine rail with sea transportation, providing more convinence with less cost.
Elosed are some photos of our products. Naturally, the color in the pictures is not the same as the true product.
If you need to konw more about our company or our products, do not be hesitate to let us konw.
I tink it's a strange dream.
Lynn said 'You miss your mom and UGG very much' lol>_ <!!! I am afraid of snak, when I was a child, I always had weird dreams about snak.
Giant suhi
But I think that there can be giant suhi in America,
I always gaze at my PC screen, and I make a dicision whether the application is similar to the past one.
And I hope I will make friands with many people for international exchange:-)
very interestting.
I guess that maybe I cought a cold.
It has a strong tannin and peppar like tast.
For example, you have been practicing catching insects for a long time and but however well chatch insects in a forest, you won't be able to get them if it's raining when you go there.
In Japna there isn't much newinformation about Russia.
I want to learn about foreign cultures by unederstanding foreign languages
As a third year university student, recently I have been very busy (?) writing thesis and other term papers, doing many assignments and sometimes resarch.
Oh time flis, it is a school night and I have to get up early in the morning.
It was so humid and hot in japanese this summer.
Je m 'mapelle Ryota Misawa.
Unfortiently, I'm still ill...
how keep in balance both the preservation of the enviroment and economic growth.
Yesterday, I was taken to a dim sum restraunt by my friend.
My old neghber died.
I would like to improve my Einglsh skill, so if you find mistakes, please correct them.
Correcting is dificult for me!!
As the topic, can I use this sentence to discribe a person who is trying to do something first or is the first to have done something?
this sentence is translated by chiness, I want to konw if I can use this????
I'm glad to be able to write again, and I hope I can write more frequetly so I can continue learning and improving my English.
I sometimes find it very difficult to correct Japanese on lang-8er's entrries.
I had to work yesterdas too, but I'm off today.
Have you ever had to repare anything in your home?
But I was still missing the Korean ondon system.
He is an internet engineer, needless to say he can speak both Mandarin and English fluetntly, and holds ``PR``.
3-A special lunch menu as a Veitnam rice wrap.
I ate/ had it with two of my firnds.
I think that the forigner's prank is great...
I feel happy that my idoi Kim Hyun Joong is waiting for
a za a za flighting
Today I registere here, this a nice website. I would like to make new friends here and of cours learnin English. This is a very useful service.:) greeetings to all of youu.
I Iwant to be a juior high scool or senior high school English teacher.
But many ereas are still awful.
Food is the essance of life.
As the saying goes, ``Variety is the spice of livfe,`` food bears the same meaning toward mankind.
Rice can be made into inumerable dishes, such as fried rice, sticky rice, and rice cakes, to name just a few.
Since food can be so varible and tasty, we must highlight the importance of savoring food, for I believe that our appetite dominates our lives.
I will take three regular classes as ussual American students do.
I started this three minits ago.
My hobby is travering!
I went to Cunada two weeks ago.
Everybody was scrumbling to make use of him.
Then, Shinjo met his biological father, who had abondoned him
The refrees were volunteers.
I last refree one year ago.
They taught me some expressions in Englishi.
I bought it in August, because I bougt it early and I can got it cheaper.
But, I wonder if it still makes sence in light of this huge natural disaster.
For example, food may be too salty or too oily and spycie to look more tasty.
Another reason is that most kitchents in restaurants and food stands are not very clean.
Food that is made in the messy kitchents are prone to leading to sickness.
If you eat lunch and dinner at home for a month, you can save about NT1800 a month, which is a great amoun of money.
What a vicious cylce!
Because I'm not a good English speakier.
Usually, I don't have any intrest in this kind of group or music, but one day I happened to watch a TV show focusing on it and was fascinated.
In this websit I can make friends with different people from different country.
I think that it causes a very postive effect.
It had been raining, not snowing, when I got up yeaterday morning.
So I decided to go through tha pass to go to Sapporo.
It halped me to get rid of my fatigue from a long drive!
A large amount of this area is designated as a national park, therefore power companiese cannot obtain the right to use it.
All of us were happy and anxious to see our teacher, because we havn't seen her for a long time.
Sometimes I think I'm afraid to be happy again, because in every relaptionship I have, nobody says 'I miss you'.
A nunber of people already died because of it.
Recentry, I always wear a mask when I get on the train, etc.
In China,_ parents and grandparents will usually give a red envelope to their children. It's a cuetom.
This week is the first week after the New Year's holiday, so my colleags grought their souveniors.
The Wheather is not so bad.
Many signs are witten in both German and English.
People at the ticket offieces spoke English.
Some German words are very similat to English, which was also very helpful.
We tried to persuad him to go with me.
Omuraice is rice mixed with baked chikin and ketchup, and coverd by omelet.
We are a lttle tired so we are taking a break right now.
I woke up this monring with seollen eyes!
We are wating for an answer now.
I feel really happy becase I will not go the company tomorrow in the mornig but I plan go there late after I have finished reviwe so thing at Sanamhoug I am really happy.
She teaches me like I pay money to her but we plan to study english and chainese together.
She is really nice and practice to teach me Chinese wheather I plan to help her speak Thai very fust.
because I really like that she speaks Thai with me so on Sunday we plan to wath a free movie together at Suvimvit 55 road.
May joy and hapiness fill every minute of my day!!!
So I need to lern about ad-tecnology and buisiness of using ad-tecnology.
I'm a big fan of Haruki Murakami: one of the most famous Japanese novelists, and my farovite novel is Norwegian wood.
The point is that the children are very naive and nauty so it is hard for us to make everything go as we have planned.
I like reading books which teach me how to deale with things in human life.
Typoon are producted by unknown reasons.
Typoon are Asia's hurricanes.
It is known that Typoon occur in the summer.
But, Unfortunetly, VOA continue to annouce tragedies in asia because of
Typoon.
I don't know why Typoon are happening these days.
Kimchi sauce is made of many ingredients, such as clean powder of chili dried by the sun, fresh oyster, needle needelfishs, garlic, muchrooms, and etc.
Particually, if you eat it with fresh oyster and kimchi, you will find it delicious!
But I can't comunication with forieger due to my anxiety (??) about gramm
I konw that I have to study with patience.
I'll be happy if you hlep me improve my weakness.
It a story in another world like acient China.
I think it have been translated in Chinese and Korian.
He could transform himself into a salada, but he must cut himself into many pieces (to do so).
Tamato didn't know how.
I think that our sociesty still doesn't know the adequate [distance from] (?) this new divice.
Dad, did you see my grandpa ang grandma in heaven?
I also have to apply for the internatinal award (like a little scholarship)
I thougth ``are you really from the spare key company?``
Something to dring
My name's Irka and I'll write hier in English and German.
Usually, Japanese peple console by joining the funeral service wearing a black suit and also make an offering of money, This money is called a ``kouden`` (a monetary offering to the departed soul), we give from 10000 to 30000 yen, and pray for the dead spirit and bow to their survivors.
Even in Japan, if you don't know when the funeral is, you can't send the ``kouden.`` But the day I was informed was only few days after teh funeral service.
I know that Western countries don't have a custm such as ``kouden,`` however, it is quite an important custum in Japan, because Japanese people have this ``give and take`` philosophy at their root.
I want to be storong and beat my brother ^-^
Im've been english for about two years now, and still Im not very good at speaking or even writing in this language.
One thing that suprised me was that people on the Car1 got off at Suidobashi station.
I saw he was almost brusting into tears.
My Sapce
Today and yesterday my school held a sprorts tournament/ competition ~ I gave it a shot but didn't go to the finals ~ My health is never very good, so that I think I need to exercise more regularly ~ I decided to start running everyday beganing/ starting next Monday.
Jey Walker starts the talk by introducing manias.
In Janurary, I'll go to the violin concert of Hirary Hahn, who is one of the prestigious violinists in America.
I've been debating whether I'm going to choose a smartphone (iPhone or somethind) or a normal cellphone.
I suddenly think, ``Do the other foreingers eat eels?``
E-mail is usefull because English people help me if my English is wrong, but if I send a message to English people who are not my friends, [...]
I've readen lots of manga (you could say I'm sort of an ``otaku``), for example: ``Bleach``, ``Naruto``, ``One Piece`` (these are the most famous, I think everyone in the world knows them:))...
The secound man in black was from Spain.
I was nurvous.
Staring at the whitebroad for so long made my eyes hurt today.
I'm usualy busy at work around the beginning of the month, but after then I will be free.
We will go to sukiyaki resturant-MK resturant.
I think it's quite expensive becuase I can make this kind of food as good as they do, and the price will be lower 50% than them.
It is too difficult to be fluent in the absence of Enlish language environment.
I'm trying to go to Austraila this winter to work during the holidays.
magazine. There was an anticle that says people sometimes will be
My hasband also has to go to the one place that we've wished to avoid very much.
fine templature.
But I work at a convinence store.
My freinds seemed to the same people I know when I was in elementary school.
We talked about nostarsic stories and recent stories.
Because I wil get my salery, and the good news is that my salary will be increased
This race was a half marathon (21. 0975km), and about 200 runners entried.
Though I was feeling a bit fatigued, I magnaged to finish with a time of 1: 19 '49``.
One of my language exchange partner is feeling discouradged now.
Well, now is time to go, 'cause it's really late here and I have to wakw up early in the morning tomorrow.
nowdays I've been watching ``desperate housewives``
The hottest tenparature in my office was 34 degrees c these days.
It scaried me.
I hope the pease and stability will be maintained.
To achive that, I should study more grammer and increase my vocabulary.
Lecently I started a twitter.
And since twitter is very easy and fast, I want to use this for those learnig Korean!
Recentry I have been confused with judging a noun to be countable or uncountable.
My firends somtime say ``Yeah, I understand what you are talking about, but....``.
This picture is one ofe the fashionable hairstyles.
I thought we would meet very often, but we couldn't because her scedule didn't fit with mine,,
I think it was helpful to go healty again.
I cannot controll my condition so it does not count to my decision. However, it is a very important point for me.
In my opinion my first resolution for diat is opposed to the wish to be fit.
Nuclear power stations are really good for the economy of some countries because it proves that those countries are very rich but it also creates some problems such as: health, safety, and enviroment threat.
After the earquake and stunami happened in Janpan.
It will influence so much for Japan and neighboor countries.
I'm looking foreward to going there very much!!
Although I have learned English grammer for six years in middle school and high school while in Japan, my conversation skill is still not enough.
Right now, I ``m in the lab to assist the students who are learning Japanse. But so far, no one has come in here.
Also I'm scared of thunder and lightning so I always fleak out like, ``Please no thunder and lightning!!!
Internship is an extracurricular class for students who are going to go abroad to work for a foreign country's company for a mounth.
I will go to a travel company and work there for a mounth.
Next semestter, there'll be an English professional exam which is the only chance here and I don't have much confidence that I'll do well.
Accroding to the news,
However, [advanced] laptop features and technical specifications are very atractive, even if the disadvantage [of lower portability] was considered.
The clerk said they couldn't take it back because the clothes had a weired smell.
I have read a few blogs which say that olibe oil makes vanilla ice cream more delicious.
Because it cools your body down, you comsume the calories in order to warm your body up again.
Because itW is used often in formal situations, I did hesitate to use it but I don't know any other words.)
I am in suciall studies class.
If your hushand or boyfriend is very tall among others, they can protect you and make other females jealous.
But, what a pity, I am not tall. I feel somewhat shy and unhappy when I am walking with or meeting some tall and handsome youngman men.
Also, ur salay is quite important in your marriage and living with your family and partners family.
As a hushand, you have to maintain ur family and keep a harmony relationship with you and your partner's relatives.
so that they can understand ur ability and respect you.
Enough salay means enough capacity and status in company and socity.
So salay plays an important role when we seeking partners.
anothers will look down on you if you don't have enough income.
Others still think that a different education means different salay and status.
Of course, all of these are just my personnal opinions.
becaouse I played WakeBoarding every weekend.
I live in my husband's houese.
However, this time it seems to be fixed easyly.
But the computre crashed and showed the Blue Screen.
My roommy, who is Japanese, let me know about this site.
I'm really happy to know this site and very pleasere to post my 'useless' diary lol
I will take an English conersation class at the office.
It will bigin the thirteenth of October.
Some people argue his behavior is too lofty and it harms Taiwanese degnity; in fact, they think Taiwanese are not beggars and do not need hypocritical charity.
Thinking alawys scares me, worrying about wheather I can make it, what I should do if I fail...
More or less, a real society is competitive even for children, and unescapable incidents hunt them down.
But thanks to my husband's perents, who are sending us a lot of in season vegetables, we can feel seasonable.
And this time, I boght English books.
But I'll try to stady hard.
I love the charaters
Although the series mainly tagerts children,
I came across an article in the CNN website last night which enumerated a number of useful sites specially for language learners just like us, and the lang-8 was high on the list, so I signed up and joined this big community, I hope my enthusiasm of learning foreign languages will be sactisfied in this site, and also I'll be zealous with people in need of my help.
Yesturday was the elementary school festival, and I boiled 230 packets of udon.
but I really have no choice, the dilivery time is urgent.
I've seen the news yesterday and I was shocked about what happend in Australia!
I have been staying there for three days whth my husband and son.
2011 comes in 39 days, but my New Year mood is aleady here.
They can't get holday or days off.
What is diffarence bitween income and salary?
I am Korean and studying English for the enterance test for a university.
But this night is so cool that it is confortable to study.
Photos of my country, Janan
This bar sometimes hosts concerts. It is not realy busy; but I feel my job is very hard. I need to remember a lot of wine and juice names. Sometimes I cannot understand what the customer wants if they say some strange wine names very quickly.
I'll prepare candeis, a costume, and meals.
Artists 'contributions or scientists' contributions, which is more valubale?
The debate on whether artists 'contributions or scientists' contributions are more valuable to society leads more and more people into fiere controversy.
Admittedly, both of art and science are indispensible parts of our society, and the difference is just through the distinctive way each demonstrates its own contribution.
The greatest invention of the light bulb has increasingly multiplied productivity, and an amazing technology, the internet, has made the earth becom a little village, bringing trmendous benefits to billions of people.
Music, film, and all kinds of programms provide people with a better living environment.
They are related to eath other.
In conclusion, it is hard to compare the contributions of art and science. It is simplt subjective to say that one contributes more to society than the other.
I'm lokking forward to meet them.
Then, I will be going to sleep I aways have a long time to sleep every day
I will be furher on with my English then I had expected.
(It's my firt dairy in LANG-8, glad to meet you here, and thank you so much for correcting my mistakes.)
Because of the examination for univercity, I'm learning English everyday.
Recentry, I am interested in European buildings and art.
Becaus they are examination subjects.
I have studied English in Vacouver for almost two mounths.
I need to find a job here by the end of June because I want to impvove my English, and also because I'm poor.
I love MINISTOP's chocolaite and vanilla mix ice cream.
I belong to an amatour brass band.
Tomorrow I go back to school here and I'll introduce myself to my classmates, as is the tradicional:
I have been trying very hard to find a frind for copying Russian-English a long time.
A lof of people were gathering and watching the ceremony.
Those who seemed to be priests or monks were heading into the Catedral across the Faculty of Filology of Salamanca univerisity.
It reminded me that Spain was a Cathoric contry.
I've stayed here in Spain for about a year but I hadn't felt the people behaved on the basis of their Cathoric doctrines.
The day before yesterday, the president saied ``Everyone speak English,
For example, you can say 'Good morning' in the monrnig meeting. ``
I can talk in English to everybady.
I finished my graduetion thesis.
I'll prepare for oral exam about guraduetion thesis next week.
Second, you have to develop muscle by excersising to burnnig fat.
Do excercise regularly.
Yesterday was the firstday time for her to dance on stage.
In japan, most Japanese women working for night clubs are likely to hide thier jobs however she did not.
Yesterday was my bithday.
Perheps they are impressed by the deep-rooted loyalties to his teacher, but it seems like an effort that is made to nip the talented untouchable boy in the bud by the nobles.
We are in a century in which we learn to do our best to achive our dreams and fight for our happiness.
An hour later, they were finaly done!
I asked my daughters to play togeghter with me, but they chose to go to a festival in the neighboring shopping arcade.
That movie gives a messege about 'What is the humanity?'
I have been strugging to stay awake until now, but I shoud have slept earlier.
However, business is more of complcated field.
My hobby is table tennis, I play it every satuday.
Cristmas Eve
Today is Cristmas Eve!
She spend Cristmas with us for the first time.
Merry Cristmas!
I walked for fourty minutes.
So, I started this site and I also boght a DVD called ``CORE Rythms``.
TheDVD itself was not funny, it was just a regular dance excersise video.
I often see many visiters from foreign countries in my town, beasuse there are alot of old Japanese Temples in my town.
Of course, I visited MoMA when I was in NY this Septemer.
Especially my bocubrary is terrible...
I'm nervous becouse my English skills are not good.
In fact, I am very nervous to writting in English.
I had a visit today from a friend, who whant to go to the cinema.
I often weard the one-piece dress.
I'm very cofused because I don't know what I should do...
I didn't sleep for long enogh, but I couldn't sleep.
Maybe I'm afaid to stand up to them, or prehaps I lack the courage to say ``no`` to other people.
Today, I was with some friends and I really enjoyed learning English as usuall, laughing and having some snacks.
That made us lough out loud since our class had a warm/ comfortable atmosphter.
Hi, I live in California now and still need to learn English to survive my daly life.
Recently it often occured to me that the number of children that play outsid is on the decline.
Yet when I look back to a couple of decades of past, the chang is enormous.
I wonder if this socil milieu doesn't jeopadize their phisical and mental helth.
I will read English articules about football.
He is 90 yers old.
I want to pracice my spoken English, but I can't find someone to talk to. If antone would like to help me, I would be very appreciative and I can teach Chinese back.
The Japanese who are poor at comunicating with foreigners
We study Engish for eight years from Junior High School to Second Grade in university, yet even so most Japanese are poor at comunicating with foreigners.
When a traveler asks a Japanese [person] for directions in English, most of us would say ``I can't speak English``, waving our hands right and left in front of our faces.
I guess that the reasons why we poor at comunicating with foreigners
When we learned it, teachers put stress on grammer.
During the Edo period (1603-1867), Japan closed itself to other countries, so the Japanese had hardly any oppotunities to communite with foreigners.
When I grow up (become 24 years old), I thought I would have a job, know almost everything about the world and have a magestic appearance.
Hi everybody, this is Serena here, and I'm from China. I'm working in Singapore as a nurse. I usualy talk to people in English at work. In ored to improve my English, I need you guys 'help please.
He is learning how to write medical translations between Japanse and English, and I am supporting him.
When I was using ``Chrome``, the same refleshing happened but it would save my writing, however ``IE8`` doesn't have any such intellignet functions.
Many beautiful templetes are included in it and I can use them easily.
Keeping a dairy (diary) is very difficult in Englsh.
I hav never kept a dairy (diary) in three days straight even in Japanese.
What's worse, I forgetted things easily.
the summer holiday is coming-how exicting!
guestion: What kind of places are you interested in around Tokyo?
We shoul not forget March 11.
mmm, it's defficult to explain.
All the people don't want to lose thier family, friends or girlfriends.
In this movie, the mayor loses half of his face becouse of a fire.
If I have only two choices, one is I will die and save my lover's life, the other is I will live instesd of my lover.
To tell the truth, this story was too defficult.
especially because each sentense is very long.
and ultimate substante..
I think and beleive that brain-science can give a better answer than philosophy
my friends and profassor.
Yesterday, when I was talking whith my father about where we can go on holidays he told me that he was going to go to Eastern Siberia for work at the end of August and he could take me whith him.
I can't belive it. But it isn't certain...
Our buner was out of oder.
I spend a lot of time drowing.
I went for a drink with the volunteers and students of the Japanese coversation class.
One of the volunteers drank too much, and trumbled to the floor.
The party ended, but one of his colleague from the company and my wife and I waited untill he could get up.
Mother repare lunch.
So, I want to get to be able to speak English and demand from him much more saraly!!
According to the calandar, it's Feb 19th.
Recently I havn't been able to get along with my current boss.
What shoud I do to reconcile and get along with him?
Why the autum sky so high and beautiful?
In earlu autumn,
the air is so clear, the temperature is confortable: not too hot, not too cool.
I feel like I want to go somewhere in the early autum, to some distant place.
There are high-rise condos, office buildings, TV stations, shopping malls, parks, wharfs, sotrehouses, and so on.
I found that I made careless grammer and spelling mitakes.
Please poit out, if any, more subtle mistakes such as:
You will always need a parter by your side.
I have desided to start practicing English this week.
He is a native English speaker, and the more he got excided, the faster he spoke.
I have dreamed about it since I was in Cuprys this summer, where there were a lot of English guys.
While I was working, somehow I felt very uptight and beaten and I started to eat excessive amounts of strongly-flavored cheese cake.
Althought the cheese cake is my favorite dessert, my stomach
I know some basic words and grammers.
because japanese food is wel-balanced and healthy.
What I love to eat is mainly fish and vegetables, if there is soy sauce, japanese sake and a bit of suger and solt in the kichen, you can enjoy a lot of japanese food.
When I went to a supermarket last night to buy some flozen fishes, I was surprised that there was difference in the price between frozen fish and frozen processed fish, frozen fish is more expensive than the other, it's amazing!!
Please feel free to check my sentenses if you can.
Custmors don't always pay attention so I gotta work hard to let them know how our Gyoza is tasty and they shouldn't miss out on eating it.
My boss told me uncomfortably 'Don't stop trying and keep smiling even if the custmors don't respond to you.``
I just hung out at my chrch with Korean friends to prepare for a Christmas performance.
I respeced the good habits of the American people.
But I didn't cry a lot of in graduation celemony.
We are aborad right now, and we thought we should go out, but now we changed our mind for some reasons. (?)
So I finary got up after eleven.
I will never fotget his comment!!
For me, writing in English is more diffcult that reading it.
Happy birhday
especially Eupopean economics.
I don't do any sports now, but I belonged to boat culb in my univercity,
I was very surprized to hear the news!!
It is very dengerous country.
I went to work useing new shoes
Second, I have to grasp the secret of knowing the right timinig to remark.
Let me tell you what happned yesterday.
``No probelm.
The show lasted only a few minture, because my boss was back so soon, so I had to stop the music and he had to stop dancing.
Ususally I read novels in english for study purposes.
Whenever I writh in English diary or essay, I think it is at the level of an elementary student.
Sometimes, It's har.
Now I want to see a panguin.
Because I've never seen one and the spot where we can see one is very near in Merbourne.
It's been getting wormer and warmer by the day as summer is coming.
I think one of the most surprizing thing is, the diversity of ethnic groups in Auckland.
Anyway, I hope you can enojy your last semester in Waseda and I'm looking foward to hearing from you about your life in Japan.
Today we watched the movie called ``Inconvinient Truth`` which is made by Al Gore.
Surprizingly, it is more than 60 days.
So, I sat in front of the keyboad and made (composed) two songs.
My husbund's pay is in doller.
I always feel bad when I exchange doller to yen...
But somtimes it is difficult!!
I ate breakfirst at seven o `clock.
I played soccor with my friends in the park last Sunday.
Next March, I wil graduate University.
I don't have time untill I graduate, I want to do many things!!
It is important for Japanese histry because there has never been a change of ruling party in Japan before.
How many fish and chip shops are there in Britan?
When I speak English with my teacher, I feel so anxous and suffering.
A teacher asks a range of guestions and a student tries to give an answer as fast as possible.
Every Sturday and Sunday, I usually have nothing I have to do.
I washd the
And he loves sunshine. He always goes out for walk for a while and just sleeps on the scooter of my neibor.
After suffering from the wounds and two surjeries, now if someone sits in front of him, he will climb on the legs and sleep on them, but don't think it is nice, because he will also pee on you because he thinks that is comfortable, what a baby!!!!
I think that all cities are beautiful because every city has different traditions, cultures, ecc.
the city of Praga, the city of London and especially the city of New York.
Talking with my friends at the same time on Sype
Medicines or medical supplies have sometimes different names among contries.
It would be like a nightmair to not have a dream.
Are they controvercial?
I believe the world is wonderful and there are lots of things for me to disvover.
And of couse I still surf every day like I did in Australia. (ha ha ha)
It was very intersting.
And I want to learn tecnical English, related to I. T., too, because I need it for my work.
There are IT-English courses at my company, but they are rare and quite exspensive and all places are filled.
I go to the work place that is for kabdicapped people.
Working there from monday to yhirsday I was waiting today! I can't wait anymore!
I love english! (but do not love wayn)
I like to be a salesman, because saling things is a challenge.
But I wish I could have a real conversasion.
There is a typical colective dance in Catalonia: the sardana.
It's called ``Castells`` which means castels.
And finally, the third one is a human castel made by the team La Jove de Sitges, from Sitges, the town where I live.
I went to teach dance class today, and I played some songs of Alicia Keys's albam ``unplugged`` at my class.
I do it, becouse I want to be in steady contact with English.
Half of the screen has lines on it when lit and only the othe half shows images.
I love Cameron DiazThe very much.
It took us more than 40minutes by walk to get ther from backpackers.
If you get a good score on the tests, your entrance examinaiton for University will be easier, maybe.
If you belived in me
If someone belive in you, you belive in the world.
If you know a good way, pleaze teach me.
After eating two rice balls, I also sdudied.
But now, there is no way I canstudy English qucliy.
Finially, I decided to lease an apartment close to school for my daughter.
I liked Michael Jordan very much, of cource.
Pressure (s) about the path I was chosing, the career prospect and my future all in one word.
I really appriciated that especially from my girlfriend.
But recently Japanese weman work too.
She seemed to be lazy whle studying with me.
My favorit soccer player is Steven George Gerrard.
Moreover, we are expected to have a wide range of imformation not only to teach all subjects but also to help students broaden their world.
This is my 10th entory.
The hibiscus, one of my plants, had been showing a smoll bud. (for some days)
there were a lot of hibiscus with vivid red flowers everyhere on the island.
odayI went shopping by bike and saw beautiful klouds.
It's been for about 5 days sinece I came to Vancouver.
There were a lot of races in my aschool.
However, I don't have many friends (right) now, so I'm a liitle nourvous. But before I came here, I decided to be positive.
If happyness and love are only of saturation of the neurons phenyl-ethylamine ``.
Will they keep me standing until I concide on some issue?
I want to say thanks to my Lang-8 netfriends who have commented on my jourals and helped me to improve my English.
I have printed out all of my jourals.
I'm greatful to my friends.
Maintaing Balance
These days, I am really cuious how they deal with some problems between those roles.
From ninr to five, school work is really busy (busier than ever), from five to eight (thankfully not always) I take graduate school clases, from eight to eleven (sometimes from five) I must listen to my son's complaints, daughter's singing, and her baby sister's crying.
I unserstand in this period of my life, it is really hard to live for myself, but it is a liite sad to me.
I am always busy, I should find a way to maitain balance between roles.
I am studying Chinese and Hygine for exam.
It took thirty minutes to get to the English conversqational school from my university.
In the lesson, I coundn't answer the teacher's questions.
I like to eat meat, vagetables, fish and so on.
I think beef has more nutrition than vagetable.
Therefore we should eat vagetable.
So, I took a medicine and I staied at home yesterday.
The best memory in New Zealand was horse trekking in Lotoruwa.
Please check the follwoing sentence.
Next week our family is planning on going campping in the forest.
A man who is my ex-boss and correague gave me a ``JOBA``; the true mercandise name is ``RODEO BOY2``.
It is a kind of exercise machine which was onece really popular in Japan.
I ordered ``a`` new PC yesterday at the ``neiborhood`` PC shop ``whose`` name is ``Dos Para``.
I haven't had many experince and I'm not a kind of preson who is good at speaking in front of someone.
Is it goot or bad forlooking atinterviewer's eye?
Flour contains water, proteins, carbonhydrates, lipids, minerals (inorganic substance), and vitamins.
The elements of an amino acid are usually carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and sulfer.
Tuseday, Marh 29
When the earthquake happened I remenbered her and I worried about her.
I can't believe it because I take it for glanted that Osechi should be handmade.
Today is HALLOWEEN, I don't know wheter or not there is a party in my company. I don't know much about this holiday, so I will wait for someone's advice.
Now, I'm studying in Northeast Chna.
I'll be updating a lot of stuff since now. Please correct my English when its wrong, or inproper, and feel free to talk and ask me anything, especially people who want to learn Japanese that are from other countries.
After a three day vaction, I'm back.
But I feel really tired and have no energe to do anything.
We talked long into the following moring.
get back togther----> (get back into a relationship)
that's all. sex and the city is a really cool series, I really like it, expectially because of the hot scenes in it, I think all men like it!
By the way, he is a very nive person, though he is shy sometimes.
Imagine how delighted I was the momengt I saw her email.
I have to write an essay on Japanese education for foreign students,_ and I'd like to know what (all you) Japanese lerners really think.
I plan to go to the KCC farmars market.
I have two chiwawas, Kai and Choco.
Throught I am a leader of my department, I feel that I lack confidence.
For instance, when I deal with something difficoult, I'm usually filled with fear and nervousness.
My mother ordered ``Tenpura soba (buckwheat noodle with tenpura)`` and I ordered ``Misonikomi and Sasimi (Miso seasoned noodle and raw fish) set menue.
I went to home and lookied for any mail but there was none as I expected.
I think most Japanese who came here are good at listening and grammer, but their speking skill is not good.
I think that Jpan faces a large problem now.
I am concernd about domestic and internal problem.
And one I faild last semester, I got a very bad score, so I will study that again.
I enjoy watching thecartoon, bye.
Because as I said before, my section only has three men andso I want to make a good atomosphere.
Thay will either go on a domestic or overseas trip.
Some people will stay at home and play vidio games, or watch DVD movies.
Becouse My coffee just runout and I kept forgetting to buy some more. Also, I am not a coffee addict.
I could not keep my diary for a caple of days.
becouse being in school is very tough, I was busy studying.
The reason may be that my journals are kind of boring and there are relatively few users who are native in English conpared with Japanese users....
I told to somebody, but of course they didn't bileave me.
I am writting a diary entry for the first time.
yesterday I went to an amusmentpark park with my sister.
it takes thirty minuits to get there using freeway.
I left home at eight thirty for that but I had to pay twice the amount of money becouse we made a mistake in choising the correct freeway exit.
first we enjoyed riding attraction that are selected by guiness book of world records.
it is the most hirhest and fastest in the world.
so we wanted to buy the photp but othere person was saying...
now my fathere is studing in Tokyo.
I'm new here. My name is Ian Lou. I am Chinese and I'm now living in Canton. all that I learn about English at school is not quite suitable 4 daily use and social daily communication. so, I want u guys to help me 2 learn some native English, you kno, something really English.
As a result, I only took a 15 ninutes lesson today (the usual lesson time is 25 min).
parenting of their babies or adlescents sons or daughters and communication
to give up working because of these surcumstances.
I should be more carefu so as to not to scratch it when I drive.
Cherry blossom time is cominng soon in Japan.
Also, if someone feels very tired or they have stress, they think smoking can help them slove their problem.
essencial oil.
I searched the internet and I foud Lang-8.
The musium just finished from renovation and the planetarium became one of the biggest doom in the world, so I am looking forward seeing the No. 1 planetarium.
I'll write about them afterward in more detail.
He is one of the best artists in the history of korea art.
And he introduced western Europ art in Korea.
And there are alywas many foreign people.
I was shopping for 3 hours, but I couldn't find my favorite colthes.
The lizard's fase was very cute, I thought.
I do not mean to sound arrogant but I often just beleive in myself regardless of these perception discrepency> <
I wento to Osaka station and bought a ticket soon after.
That meke me depressed and sad.
If you buy our products with an accomdation service, you can get
After that, I had scarecely gotten home when my friend and I took a car to mt.
It is impossibel.
Resently, I think haven't exercised much
Suger 15g
Solt 5g
2; Add yeast plants and suger to the bowl and mix with a fork.
3; Add strong-flour and solt, mix together for 30 seconds.
I will understand grammer and be able to pass the 2nd-EIKEN exam.
And also Japanese people tend to think that compasssion and duty are very important in a society.
My daougther will start going to junior high school from this Tuesday.
I prepared her itmes for school with her.
She wants to go school early becaouse she wants to meet her freiends.
Anyways, It's the truth taht many kangarooes live in Australia.
People Who cannot pass the tast will have difficulties in the next semester.
and then I had a very dericiouse meal.
When I met him abou 5 years ago he said the same thing, so we wondered how he was earning money.
I earned 7million yen once but lately I'm alyaws losing money. '
I make money regularly (It may be checken feed, I think), but (1) I'll work as an English teacher starting next year.
I jonined Lang-8.
After looking arround the university, the student teacher bought us lunch.
I am having fun while learning Engish again.
I am following some tweets about lrarning English now but it is remitted by only PC, I feel.
Anyway it is very convenient to learn foregin languages these days.
I am not so smart but I want to thank those who have very special tallents to develop our lifestyles.
I do hope they manage to use their tallents to make our world happy, comfortable and peaceful.
I recently heard that a lehendary band will come to my town...
When I miss something for being happy it's when I'm in loneliness, it's terrible becuase you feel sad and very negative.
But the food and the parties at and after cristmas Eve are so delicious that I can easily forget the stress before.
It's a little bit extrem to eat soo much 3 times in 3 days, I know..
she did thus unconsiously,
I like the story of 'Winny the Pooh'.
When I was an elementary school student, I wanted to be a bookseller or an illustlator.
But it is rainning.
However, I was half finished when it started rainning.
Today, I didn't get good scores on the math test which the techer gave us
The techer decided to give us another chance on Wed.
after I took off from the plane I went to the gate 27, which is wrtten on my flight ticket and started waiting for the transfer flight.
What made me eager to learn was the acciden in the Phillipines.
Someone warned us to wer slippers in the sea, but mine just came off my feet.
Would you ever try speed datung or going to a dating service?
* No I never try speed datung or going to a dating service.
We didin't expect so many people to come.
Before drinking my third bottle of beer, I could take some good photos calmly and with a simle on my face.
When everything truned to normal I just said thanks to him, and picked up my Canon for more photos of hugs, kisses, farewell and confessions.
My tresure!
England is a very bautiful country!!
Futhermore, the problem in the USA is that the children take guns tto their parents or their parents give guns to their children.
Consequently if a child has a psychological problem the fact that he carries a gun is dangerous. For exemple, a boy may shoot his parents and his siblings.
In addition, the secont amendement in the USA states that the population can have guns, and that people can buy firearms at any time.
To conclude, severe gun laws are not the solution to the problem of gun violence in the USA because the second amendement is that people can have guns.
At that time there therewas a ploblem.
The person taking my order could not recognize my pronounciation.
I felt myself falling into darkness with disappontment.
If there was a small holl, I would have hidden in it.
Throught this experience, I feel that I have to study English pronounciation more than what I have already done.
We can get seven consective holidays in GW.
Today, I cleaned my room. The desk and wardrobe and every anycorner are clean, so I am in a good mood.
Today, I am going to go to the year-end party with (my) univesity teachers.
That is the captial of China, and this is the captial of Xinjiang--my hometown.
On Samui we swam, walked around the island and tried to ride an ATV and an elefant.
During several days in Krabi we visited some islands, tried snorklling and kayaking, and fed wild monkeys from our hand (fed wild monkeys by hand) (they are my second love after giraffes).
That's the reason I'm able to learn it more effectly than English and I have more fun with it.
I visitted the ruins of Hagi castle and enjoyed watching carps (Koi) swimming in the pond surrounding the castle.
The morning speach was about safty
In my office, a mini meating is held everyday.
The thairman of this meeting changes every morning.
A mini notobook which tell would be the next cheairman goes round our section.
2 month ago, the safty speach was started by the chaitman.
The perpose of this speach is to make us more aware about safty.
But many members get comfuse and worried on what to say.
Japanese people don't like free theme speach.
In this way, we have to think the speach for the specific topic.
(This would help us to improve our safty awareness.)
Ranging from acquaintance, knowing each other well to being kept apart; just like the flowers `sprout, it opens and withere.
I came to this strang school, feeling enthusiastic in August, but now I stand at the end of September while keeping back the once boring sounds of the cicada.
Pay attention to the lessions, ok? ``, and I gave in to her.
I thought I have forgetten her.
``No way.`` I continued sitting on the chair and lilstening to my music.
I live in taipe now.
Anyway, I hope the government will quickly change from conventional cedar to ceadar of a new type that has a low amount of pollen.
Some customers odered customized drinks, but I could not take their orders because I did not know some of the beverage names....
In addtion, I should improve my listening skills too!
Many people in the world visit my city throught the year.
for exemple next weekend
If you have a dream to go to the chocolate factory, you try to uy it and see you there:)
The pickled turnip Leaves and cream cheese I had last dinner were really good, so I tried something similar, cream cheese on pickled eggplants and pickled Japanese Radis leaves.
Then, I cut Japanese rudish leaves into bite sizes and pickled them too.
I added chicken saute for some protain.
owe: Modern Society owes convinient life to science.
lend: I don't like to lend money to people because sometimes it becomes a source of troble.
pour: Helen Kellar understood the meaning of words when the water poured from her glass.
I'm writting my first diary.
My fitst diary
And another reason, might be my LAZYNESS.
magandan gabi po.
Listening? Writing? Studying grammer?
I think nowadys there're a lot of thieves around us so we should pay more attention!
I realy want to go to America soon and study there.
The small accident happened while I was driving, however it is something that nobady got hurt.
The teacher told me some important things ahout life in there.
I learned much about the school and knoe how to live well at here.
I lesten to a worker speak about job hunting.
I think I have to set the aim and try to acheve the goal.
Are sparklar only Japanese culture?
Ten devide by five equals two.
Ten devide by three is three with one left over.
Distance devide by speed equals time.
Distance debvide by time equals speed.
There are many systems in our deparmemt.
Belive it or not, there are about 40!
I am hopefull that I will improve my E language with your help, and I will try my best to help those who are interested in learning the Arabic language.
If you need to be plite, you can say ``watashi ha hashirimasu``.
Regaedless of the subject of a sentence, you must not forget to add ``ha``.
If you have any questions, I'm wiilinng to answer you!
So it would be a taugh situation.
Today I was litening to the English conversation program on I-Pod, and teacher said that when the English native learn the pronunciation of 'Moshi moshi', they say 'Washing machine'.
Tomorrow we have a rehaersal for the sports day.
If it rains tommorow, we have to postpone the rehersal.
He spoke so fast...> <Hoeever, even if he talked slower, I would not have fully understood because I don't have enough knowledge of Christianity.
When I was in Japan, they tried to pursuade me to join Christianity so suddenly, I was little scared (or startled).
Perhaps most of them are Chinese vegitables.
I tried to cook something like that even though I don't know what kind of vegitables.
Wash the vegitable well and cut.
Watcing my parents doing crazy things to continue working on music.
and then EMI USA disappearent and turned into???, something happened to the record company so it never went out.
Brazilians, Mexicans, Spanish, Koreans, Garman, and Venezuelans.
I realized that parant, friends and all people are really, really important in my life.
My host mather gave me a T-shirt, a sweater and a muffler.
It is a Japanese dorama.
When I went to Hawaii, I bought many shitrs from Abercrombie& Fitch.
Is that ture??
Internet additon
I am addiced to the internet.
I spend much time serching for information on the internet too.
She and her family camr to Japan for work 21 years ago and has now become a Japanese citizen by naturalization.
I am very happy to encounter a good teacher, but I always feel like learning a foreigh language in Japan is really difficult.
Because I don't have any chances to talk with foreigher, especially in the counryside like where I live.
Today, I went to a costomer's office near my company, and the person in charge gave me an Omamori.
It is my first day making an entry on lan-8.
I didn't bring good camera, I onlly used my cellphone to shoot a picture.
So that I spend spent half of my twenties traverlling.
As a result of the horrible situation from the Marth 11th
Because of the earthquake in Tohoku district and the many victims of the earthquake and tunami, some parks have asked people to refrain from hanami this year.
So if my writing has some wrong sentense or word, please point it out.
when I went to austrailia for the first time without any basic information about there, they gave me lots of useful information for free.
Especially, I was excited by the trumpetter's solo!!
If the battery does not have power to use, you can bite it with your toeth.
When day would you perfer to start learning Thai?
That all the sentences that I have prepared for my student. If you know any polite sentense please recomment some to me?
By the way, my mildle sister took me with her to her room but I can't tsleep becasue I would like to write in my diary before I sleep.
I recieved my TOEIC score today.
Anyweay, I think that nowadays.
Is it better to speak a foreign language in perfect pronaunciation?
I think that foreigners speaking Japanese in very good pronaunciation
but it's natural to have slightly strange pronaunciation.
and I wish I could comunicate with anyone in the world.
Once it starts, one term has concecutive days.
And one class is seventy minutes, so it will take some effort to maintain my concetration.
S., China, Jerman, Finland, etc....
Also, when I was reading the driver's menual booklet, I found a hilarious practice question:
The main reason is that the company didn't acknowledge the problems cars had with their brakes and acclerrator and issue a recall until 2009.
I thought that Edomonton is a very flat place:) and it is cold more than I expected it would be in Japan.
Everyting was delicious!
We had a wouderful time.
my daugter was in good humor!
Spring break is going to end the day after tommorrow.
I'm not a person who enjoys to study, but am a person who goes out a lot with friends, so I would have to try to make myself a deligent person.
Recently I have begun reading English books because I know my vocabulary isn't up to scratche.
I have writen my diary for the first time on this site.
Tomorrow I will do stimultaneous translation at the Wendsday bible study.
This is my first translation in public! xO I'm sooooo nurvous about it!
the nick name wasmade by czech friend in sydney wholived with me.
Now I live in seoul.
She has alredy made roast turky, pasta, roast potato, etc.
Mayby this might be the happiest I have ever been.
Saury is in seazon now.
But actualy, it is a old American car.
Does the pronounciation of UK English have more emphasis on some vowel sounds?
Now I am trying to input my profile in the incrute web site.
my friend is in class now, I am waiting for her so we can go home together. I decided tologin here, but when I look lastest posts, I find that most of journals are written in English or janpanese.
I just went to a university to get a graduation certifitcae
and I was awarded a schoolarship!
with cultural exchang between a lot of countries.
Therefore, I'll keep on stadying.
I'm not merried yet and I have no younger sisters or brothers.
I would like to get a tatoo of the Tiger or ``tora,`` not for fashion, I like it because it is considered by the Chinese to be one of the four sacred animal simbols, the North representing the autumn and control of the winds.
Also strenght, courage and long life.
He will design the process, I want a tattoo that is only and exclusively mine, I hope it can be ready before next mounth.
I am very happy because the moment he came into my life, he made my life complelet.
If the day I have to hate him comes, I will remember these days, how he treats me well, and how I feel so greatful.
To top it all off, the lack of people and the cold breeze sort of threw in loneness while I was running in the grim and low temperature.
We had lunch, a dish made of rice and chiken called Yassa.
Unlike me.... becouse I can't speak English. I also can't think immediately of what I should say...
Though It is a little dificalt to eat, it is good for our helth.
Some soldiers in the helicopter are runnig out from the helicopter's back to fight or to get ready for a fight.
The helicopter transpoted these soldiers here and will fly away.
Safeco Field is like a beer gaden! LoL.
She was qute and funny.
This time, to our regret, the rumor was proven to be true.
In other words, I am alive, because Korea could gain Indeoendence.
I think it is one of the reasons why allmost all Japaneses can't speak English well even though we have learned English for a long time when we were in school.
frist, when I started watching the video I wundering what he wanted to show.
I'm in a good mood today because my sister gave me a good anwers (reply?) on MSN yesterday.
it helped me solve a preblem.
It is Sunday moning and I'm going to meet some friends in the park. We should be have a lot of things to share with each other.
see you agian.. when I come back.
The crimate of Unzen is cooler than that of [downtown Nagasaki-Note 1].
It comes with two CDs which include songs, dialogs and chants.
Problems with Infulenza
The spread of Inflenza aroud the world.
The ful virus infection was confimed yesterday in Tokyo.
I'm studying Engligh.
Nostalgia--I want to know please if this essay can express the feeling of homesickness and the obstacles that person can face in the forgeon countries?
Sometimes adapting to a new country can be difficult for some people. However, some can cope with the diffuculties of living alone away from their parents.
Ever since I had thought of anything to do I felt nostalgia towards my previos life.
he only went to the nearly station, but also my cowoker and I went to
I'd like to improve my English so I can cmmunicate with many people in the world.
Today we tlaked about (the year) 2012. They say that the world will end in 2012.
I'm happy becouse tommorrow is a holiday!
Today, I went to a guraduate school.
Mabey this is the reason that why I come/ here.
Today Pastrers and leaders from Taowan, Uganda and Singapore came to our church.
Of Ofcorse I'm not sure If I can help them enough though.
When I was twenty years old I went to Singapore, the Pillipin, and Japan by ship.
It was so fresh and wanderful!!!
And I ejoyed walking the streets and shopping.
Tell me what I sould say then.
He was a little upsete and said to me ``You're the worst teacher in this school!``
She dances and sings durring the house party.
I think it is more difficult to write English than to read Englsih, but it is more difficult to speak English than to write English.
she was twenty-nine years old and I was twney-three.
(Someone said that this sentenience is the worst opening in the whole wide world) I have just graduated from Insititue (College/ University) and I majored in Computer Science.
Differenct kinds of Chinese Dance have differnt kinds of feeling you need to capture.
It should be felt by obsersation and by your body.
They kindly paid me much more than I deserved, but it was tough work for me as I wasn't good at deeling with small smart boys...
I should have waited somewher inside the building but I had to feed my children.
After that, I went back to my home town and brank with my grandmother and grandfather.
After th coffee hour, he had planed to play soccer with his friends, so I joined them.
There are normaly 9 gruops of 9 boxies in a puzzle, and each boxies has to be filled with a number from 1 to 9, and also crossing lines and horizontal lines have to be filled.
-The North-East direction is considered to be an origine of bad unluck.
-The number 4 is an unlucky number, because one of the pronunciations ``shi`` means ``death``, so in hopitals there are no rooms numbered 4.
I am wondering when my tootchach will get better.
Thr pofessor who was my teacher (mentor?) when I was a university student will retire this month.
So I work hard, especially in Engrish.
Some people say that if people don't drink any liquide or eat any food, then they will die.
This part is damn difficult for Japanese, because the singer does not pronunce each word in this part clearly.
I am writing this entry on my journal at McDonald's, the worldwide famous humbarger chain.
in every store in Japan and then I can use my PC with the broadbank (?) network when I come to McDonald's.
But in reality I can use the internet under the broadbank connection of 20 megabites per second over a cup of coffee, which costs only 120 yen here in Japan.
job hanting
Please Chack my diary
Today, my friends and I, who are gradeuate school students, went to the sea to play water sports for one of the classes..
Luck has nothing to do with sucsess.
Howeve, I
belive that it is impossible for everybody to
countless hours to prepere for the olimpics and resist to
is not from only their luck, but also their effortness.
I understand everybody cannot do hard work and get thir
your hardwork link, you will get success outmatically.
agree with the statement that luch is nothing to do with success.
The Conbatant who Wanted to be '' Kamen Rider ''
I write this frist note to all of my friends.
My school is very beautiful and a collegiate universtiy.
Futomaki is a roled sushi.
Hi guys, Hope Everything is ok with you!
The movie, ``twilight``, is from novels wrritten by an American housewife.
It is a story about a vampire and a beautiful colleage girl.
I think I should go to hospital, but recieving tretment in an overseas hosipital is a little bit scary for me.
So, I wach the TV in the morning.
When I went to Hawai in May, I was reading a Hawaii guidebook published by Japanese company.
Beacuse there are too many people in the library. at once.
guss guessthen10 hours. I guss I study for more than 10 hours at times.
According to a report issued by Dandelion Ressearch Committee, native species of dandelion have been decreasing, and introduced species have been increasing every year.
grammartical skills and know many vocabulary (sometimes even useless things)
what I hope for business out of Japan is that I work with free-style, free-costom.
Gyg manga byori haveanime (animated cartoon), it is also interesting.
Today, I got into some troble.
We read two special surahs from Quran for people who are dead, for their sould to be in peace.
I don't know what to write for my first dialy.
It is amaging that such a large amout of money was raised in spite of the recent depression.
I hope the discussion will be fruitfull...
I have been to Egypt, Fiji, Mexco, Papua New Guinia, etc.
Finaly, Anpanman always wins over Baikinman, of course!
But, I am not goot at English.
becouse I like Japanese on all subject.
what do you think about your neighber?
``and`` it is a littele America ``as a joke.
The comment assume me because when I drove with my friends who are Taiwanese and Chinese, they discussed thier identity and recognition of their respective countries.
I'll talk about what I learned today, both from my own experience in life and from others,.... or about some topics that I found that are intersting..... hope you will join me in discussing it.
I have to sonsider this as a problem.
The topic this time is ``What is your most ashame story in your life``.
One is walking behaind the other and he or she is wearing a white hat, a shirt, a pair of short pants, and is carrying a dark green knapsack.
Among all amerycan rappers I like only Eminem
I need a holiday for myslef.
I must rescue myslef from this confusing and meaningless life.
But I am not going to break my learing course.
The main actor Mike is an orphan and very poor, but he accidently met Leigh Anne who gave him support and trusted him.
Suddeny everyting was covered in darkness.
fortunately, it hasn't darked yet.
I couldn't see anyting.
The teachers gaved us illuminated candles.
I ate kimch and rice for breakfast this morning.
Therefore, I can speak French a little bit and I have some knoledge of the city.
Instead of visiting popular sightseeing spots such as the Eiffle Tower, the Arc of Triumph, or the Palace of Versaille etc. I would like to visit my school that I attended, the park that I played in with my family, and the museams, which were too difficult for me to understand the importance of at the time.
I took part in an event held by the church neaby.
Chrischans always praise Jesus and pray everything for God.
I didn't go to sleep early, beacause today I got up at 2: 00pm.
Do you have a special plan for summar vacation?
This is what I suffered this moning.
Nobaody wears a get-up like me.
I realy want to improve my English...
I feel a bit nervious, but it's a great time to test my self control.
Do you know how to learn foreign lanuage?
I design new mechanical parts or improve existing perts for aircraft almost every day.
Jesus as that shepherd coming to pick up what's left of you, and see how God brgins victory out of defeat.
Hi everone.
But English is so diffecult.
Of course, I also think about immgration.
I think everything will be ok. I will ride out this strom.
Tell me pleese!
It's because our project is a qroup activity.
My friend broght me some steam rice and they were so good, I have
Tomorrow my beautiful country will be [a year] older, because tommorro is the 15th of September.
The independece day is very interesting; the people go dancing,_ and go with their families to Zocalo.
Zocalo will be a very lively plae [tomorrow]...
And there are many factors that facilite a coincidence like this to happen.
Soonly I think: whatever, I'm still me, another growing man.
I watched a TV plogram (NHK) about Lang-8.
Especialy, my interst are bioinformatics and immunology.
I have stadied Korean.
I went to Korea towice.
I want to keep learning English for bissiness and chatting.
She talked with us about descrimination.
They lso didn't know how to express themselves.
Our coach organizes diffrent activities like camps or excursions or rafting.
During this meetings we congretulate them in diffrent ways and do different interesting things.
Hello friends I am going to write somethin
I have insited upon my belife for many years, but recently someone told me that I had made a mistake. They said I just live in my own world and never try to accept others to attend my world.
It's this real? How confused I am. Since that I have been paying more attention to my achivement and thinking about my words again and again when I speak out.
It just makes me feel sick with myself and I hate my charater, my achivement and my wrong feelings.
And I chatted wuth my friends, on Facebook and twitter.
I studied about grammer there.
Yesterday, I flew to Edomonton, Canada.
They dominated the airplane so it was a littile bit weird.
The husband is a native canndaian and the wife is philippineCanadian.
Kindly enough, they brought my baggages and took me to their house.
It is in a traquil residential area and has beautiful garden where you can see evergreen conifer.
In the back garden there is a husband's favorite bonsais and an azalea tree and a small vegetavle garden.
She is 16 but her English is excellent, especially pronounciation.
According to her, she has already stayed for 7 months and studied in local interenational highschool.
The examinations were held with paper tests and did not include listening tests, so I studied English forcuing on reading and grammer.
The artist told us about a difficut request (which) he had once received.
We are glard we choose Popo.
By the way, now Popo is almost 9 kg and from that small cat became the biggerst cat I had never seen!
English Jounal-August
I read the latest English Jounal (EJ) at the library today.
It's one of my favorite magazines, which comes with a CD in English.
I hate the complicated ones because I cannot understand the story as soon as I concentlated on the captions.
I love studying languages becuase I'm interested in the sounds of foreign languages.
After, an American man who looked colse to 33 ~ 38 years old, walked up to me and tried to chat me up.
In addition, I want to join a volanteer circle.
Bacause there have been many witnesses.
The only thing we can do is prepare for the earthquake, because it's just a nature diserster.
anyway I saw the movie ``Love and drugs`` yeasterday at home alone.
I make vegitables soup and have it three times a day.
I want to overcome this situation (my caracter), but it will take a few times.
By the way, recentry I am crazy about gosship Girl which is an American TV show.
I hope he uses the same concentration he has for catching creartures, to do his homework...
I study about the enviromental problem.
I saw some elementry students killing ants just for fun.
In the shope, the seller said to me: ``These will be great for your mp3`` (I have an ipod)-and it's true.
The movie is called ``Sutter Island``.
I'm looking forward to watching a movie called ``Inseption``.
Because, a large number of adult peopleas often say, ``Recently young peaple are not polite and they don't have common sense.``
I'm looking fowered to the future built on today's young people.
It was very short srip but I was able to enjoy it and discover the cultural difference between Japan and America.
Some children were transferred to the hosplital due to heat exhaution.
The extreme usage of air-conditioning caused the electric power company to stop procuding electricity.
When I worried that he's gon to bite me, Ms.
I called my agent about finding a job next month because I'll gaduate from this school at the end of this month.
But look up at the apex of the triangle and you'll climp up to the top.
My insistence is that looking up your goal and making efforts brings you something which maches with you well.
The moment when I stood in front of our classmates, the teacher was commenting on my partner's errors in her persentation, so obviously it would bring a cetain pressure to me.
I'm exhausted, but lang-8 makes me vigor.
I wonder why I was fascineted by that?
Perhaps it's from being brought up in Japan where most of people would be secular and athist.
If my son gete up by himself, I would be late for work because I can't hear Mom's voice.
I don't have enoguth time to do anything after work....
Then I'll llmeet my friends, that I haven't seen for a long time...
Jane is tired of dealing with customer omplaints and wishes that she could be allocated to do another job.
My selection is not surely wrong, but correct: here is my final distination and utopia.
While I was watching the Singaporean city, I realized again that I must get a job here, and chandge myself from a loser and cowardly man to a human. Sorry, today was busy as well, so I can't write a long sentence.
It's been aroud a couple of years since we met each other.
We all will be suprised at how different we look when we meet together someday.
I'm CerezoOsaka supoter.
Shinji Kagawa was a menber of this team.
Now he blong Dortmunt in Germany.
I like Jonyy Depp!
Breakfat is important
Hello, my wonderful frined.
It is about 8: 40. I take my breakfast early. What time do you usally take it?
I notice I am always hangry when I get up early, and after one hour I will be hangry again, even if it is earlier than usual.
Please don't forget to eat brakefast.
Miyagi and Iwate had the biggest damege.
For every day that I exist, I will have more energey!
Abosolutaly, making freid is another gole for me.
lonlyness is a time you can talk over a lot of things such as human life and the purpose of your life
It's very easy to cook. Just put ingridients into a boiled Nabe soup. It warms you up, has a good taste and is healthy for you.
In fact, I scoled him for misbehaving last night.
my yonger sister and I went to a Guardeira for Spanish kindergarten,
that diverse, elgant, beautiful, environment-friendly, positively Europe Culture
My father took many pitures in Spain for family memories.
And until now, occalsionally we saw the pictures and indulged in reminiscence.
But when I was 14-19, my father's bussiness was getting worse, finally his bussiness failed by the time I was fourteen years old.
For example Sushi, Takoyaki and Ramen nudle.
I should buy the correct size tommorow.
There were many harbs and flowers (especially roses).
Could you explain thse sentences below?
You must have to know a paassword.
Acutually, I have taken it before.
There are some Korean food reataurant near my home.
I often go to Korean food restaurants becouse Korean food is my girlfriend's favourite.
It is served as rice and some Korean vegitables with Korean seasonings in a hot bowl,
I know from my friends that Uropeain people don't like to eat garlic (?)
Goood night.
He is a Japanese songer.
He is fourty years old.
I rememberd a lot of things, like when I was a kid I flew a kite that my grandpa made for me.
During spring there was often a lot of wind in my hometown. I ran and ran, the kite flewhigher and higher, untile the line or the kite broke.
We have to registrate to get medical treatment in the clinic.
The GP that we registrate with, must be the nearest clinic to our flat.
May I registrate with the GP here? ``
We went because she wanted to go to Laier's.
I'm glad to know such a good restraunt is nearby!
Yesterday, I had a party at the Atsugi in the Kanagawa prifecture.
Very dificult, that song is.
Yesterday we traveled arond Bangkok and today we came to the south of Thailand to the beach.
I and Tyler are just watching them with their betiuful bodies.
We are taking a boat arond the island.
Accally I will remember this good day and save it in my heart.
Also I looked at a variety of the British Museum's artifacts, and I reacknowledged the fact that the British Empire had enormous influence around the world in the past.
On the othere hand, prices in yen were too high. Also, as many people say, the food wasn't good.
Particularly, the Eiffel Tower at nigt was very wonderful.
I have a lot of things to do, like my esseies by tomorrow, (and I stil have them now...
To take the side of Superman is very easy, he can fly and shoot optical rays from his eyes, he has super strenght and incredible endurance.
I've decided to take the Graduate exam instand of finding a job.
When I've been in higeschool, I have been reading, learning, and doing exercises all day.
Hajimemashite, Domo Yoroshiku Onegaishimasu
I have also started to study Chinese, French, German and Spanish and have finished my grammer books.
I often regret a bit that I cannot voice an oppinion I have.
Becouse I miss my family and I'll go back in 8 weeks.
They are American Englieh and British English.
word, spelling, grammer, and pronunciation.
Since Australia used to be a colony of England, English in Australia is besed on British English.
There are many other defferent spellings between both like color (A)/ colour (B), realize/ realise, and learned/ learnt.
Elementary Worbook
The finest Itarian restrant in Japan
I love Itarian food and I like to search for nice Itarian resturants.
I know one of the best Itarian resturant in Japan.
The chef of the resuurant is very good at making pizzas.
He got the win in the World Napori Pizza championship as the first Japanese champion.
The pizza oven in this resturant is used in Itarian house of Aichi Kyuhaku (the international trade exhibition in Aich Prefecture).
This restrant has a very long bar in the lounge erea.
The recommendable glass in there is St Christina (Toskana red wine) and Grappa (the brandy made from streained grape leaves).
I want to go Chezari again and meet the beautiful CEO of the restrunt.
I opned my eyes and checked what time it was.
My personal computer was brorke.
Now, I'm in the first year of being a docter, resident,
At first we were excited to come to one of the hottest place in Tokyo but, we were disapointed and noticed that this shop would disappear/ close down in 5 years.
Second, the survice was not good.
All they did was take pictures and dance to the noizy club music.
I did `t like those persistent salesladies at a department store, but I was surprized to see them.
I'm going to write a text ``End 1`` at the right-lower of the first illustrarion.
I'd like to know about the public sefety of the US before going to L. A.
Because thery have lost three game until yesterday.
I plan to go cycling to see Bondai beach this weekend.
I think that reading Nabokov's books is better than wathing adapted movies.
Nabokov's language is delicious and he pays much attantion to small details, but it's impossible to show this in film.
That's the most important thing for me at this monent
There are lots of people from different contury.
She is one of the most famouse singers in japan.
(Of course, the contents of the concerts were the same.) It means that she paid about fouty-thousand yen only for this time...
According to the news, an old man has been healthy althogh he had been drinking only cola without any water for some decades.
I do not see pepsi in my neighborhood supermarkets or convinience stores.
On the other hand, if the leader had many excellent subordinates, the single person style leadership would lead to quick and speedy decison making.
This fieldtrip was a very exciting experience for me.
She was a very very very friendry person, so I felt relieved.
I want to know if they are really starnge.
Should I read books or watch movies or drumas?
yestarday night
yesterday night I had an arguement with my little brother who was a juniore highschool student, a 14years old boy
So I'm making lots of friyers on my own.
After finishing up the friyers, I will hand out them at the station.
The most important thing is to draw the attention of the people who are walking throug.
I bet it will make a big impact on the pedestiran!!
I don't care if most people prefer dogs over cats. I like dogs too, but cats are awsome.
Of couse, it can teach many languages.
I can learn a lot of English waords.
Languege traning
If I had more time, I'd be ready for the languege traning more.
By the way, while I was on this site before, a friend sent me a lot of pictures and so today I am going to show you the beatiful pictures that my kind friend sent to me. Thank you.
This is my frist time doing it.
In the year 2001, President Arroyo was elected and she started to negociate with MILF.
but It has other meanings: serch word of list, like a sponsor
It freezes or reboots only seconds after truning on.
What's wierder is that when it successfully boots and runs for 2 or 3 minutes without a hitch, it seldom freezes or reboots.
But after a second thought, that doesn't make any sence since it's an electronic device, not a human or animal.
Do you know DRRR?, It's a novel wirten by Ryougo Narita?
IZAYA is my favorit charactor in the DRRR.
It is needless to say that they ate it greedly and quickly.
Asians view life as everything being connceted and affected.
I'm participating the ACM/ ICPC contest and I have many courses to learn. I also need to perpare my application for my study aboard, including impove my poor English, which I'm doing right now.
The Japanese soccer team won the Austraila team at the final, and won the Asia Cup championship.
But I didn't watcht this game.
So I had to go to bed with my daugter.
I think they are the cutest in animls.
I'm always looking foward to the coming holidays
This is my first article, so I'll begin by introducting myself.
I will improve my English skills and seek a suitable job there if posible.
My boyfriend was a hot-tempered person, but he improvemented himself in order to stay with me.
It's not too difficult for me but lots of words really wear me out, expecially Literature.
So I told him all of thes things and we could better understand each other after our talk.
It's an intresting course and also important, because corrosion exists all arroud us.
We have 3 days off to celerbrate Labour Day.
I think she is a prety girl but I dont know if I like her or not.
I yearn having Korean barbecue, enjoying shopping in Taiwan night market, seeing a brilliant coloring temple in Bankok.
By the way, how do foreign poeple feel when they come to Japan?
I was drinking with my frirend.
I'm Saori, and Im also a colleage student.
I am not a systematic person: somtimes I cannot express myself fluently even with my native tongue!
If you know English and want someone to correct your japanese sentences, let's be frindes!! I want many friends to improve my English skills.
But after I visitited there a couple of times, I can see them as professionals who entertainment the custumer with thier mannerisms and conversations.
Basically it's the same decipline as other forms of commerce.
How do we provide value to our custemer?
It is hard for me to study Englis
It is my first time taking English literature at the university and I never didn
I recentely feel that studying English is hard after I took a class at Hansung University.
Am I'm donig well or not?
Recentry, he joined our English class, because he was interested in
I am actually taking a English wirting class in the English department, and
(Quated from Korean newspaper)
Importace of a breakfast cannot be emphasised too excessively.
I don't want to give up, I believe there's a way to chage for the better.
It includes correction of grmar, translation from Engish to Japanese and Japanese to English too.
The Moring is not so bad because the teacher was not so tired and had a sense of self-composure.
As the the techer felt tired, she became nervous.
As kids were scoled, they became defiant.
My mind is peacefull.
(Four degrees Clesius is the difference between temperatures nowadays and temperatures during the last ice age!)
If the poloticians had listened to them earlier, the situation wouldn't have been that fatal.
I like acction, comedy, mystery and so on.
The highland is famous for it's beautiful nature scenary.
There are many fravor: salmon,_ cod roe,_ tuna, and so on.
This trip was funny, I went on one of my schools trips, we went to Queenstown and Dunedin, it was for four days and three nights. There were 10 of us includ the guide (who is also a teacher), 9 students, 4 from my school.
On the secand day, we went to Queenstown. We watch the people doing Bungy jumps, then the guide helped us book an activity, I decided to do the Skydiving. This was my dream in New Zealand, because in Taiwan we don't have this activity, if Taiwan had this activity, I think, maybe I wouldn't dare, because Taiwan is very small, we have no large open ground, maybe I would start to dive and after a little time hit a house, ha ~ ha ~.
Yesterday, I played footsall because I belong to my part time job's football team.
Recentry, I like to make coffee!
Execuse me for reading your dairy and giving some advisce, even though
But I thought that I sometimes do the same shing as her.
AND, we don't konw what on earth the goverment is doing with so many taxes, while most people are living a mizerable life.
This time, they are not letting the moomcake tax go off (?).
And lastly, I recenly found this valuable and interesting site lang-8, which bacame my favorite!
Suddenaly, it rained and I was forced to go back my home T T
Reading words on the iPhone mekes my eye sight bad.
The UFC is a major fighting copartation in America.
So, I tried to record myself speaking setences in English.
My English pronounciation is terrible.
I was exhauged....
Today is saterday...
He was very nurvous.
I will know the redult within 10 days.
Obvioiusly, as a standard prodct of the abnormal education, I am also a test maniac.
secondy, she has supported Japan strongly since there was a big earthquake in northern areas.
It is obvious that the damage is still affecting the northeren people, as well as Japanese economics.
As a reault, $ 1500000 in total was gathered during two weeks.
This movement helped us definately.
She presented her Monster Ball national tour offering premium VIP tickets to fans who volunteeer their time to homeless youth organizations, which raised mpre htan $ 80000 in proceeds to support homeless youth.
However, when I hang out with my friends, I always wonder how the hll they can spend so much money.
I major in English, and I'd like to impove my English skills!
In additonal, I'll tell you my least favorite proverb.
That's ``Two heads are better than one``. I never belive it.
I like this language and I think its characters are charming, fashinating.
My complany buyer shirt and fabric export from China to Switzerland.
I am a souring and quality contral.
In my spare time, I like to go swimm or tour different places.
The desire came out again when I started reading manga again and revisitting the Deviant Art website.
Fortunately I could try several (different) classes there, so I could compare the atmoshere, the teachers and of course the level of each class.
I have a litted/ young son who is 2 years old.
I want to get TOEFL score 90 and go to Kanada as exchange student.
It's a servics day.
Becasue there are many things I want to talk about:) So let's get started!
It 'sthe final concert of MonkeyMajik tour 2010!
(The marche Japon Sendai, it is held every weekend at some arcade.) At the market, it's fun to talk directly with the sellor and farmer.
Acturally, even after this God panishment, sometimes we threw his belongings into the incinerator just for fun.
Althought I have two more final exams, I can't stop to read.
It would be absolutely fabulos!!!
I recomend it.
2 You do not have to spend much time in the kitchen preparing meels
I installed KakaoTalk programe on my iphone
This program is a kind of messenger like a MSN online chatting programe.
Recently, I haven't been studying my/ the intermediate textbook on/ about grammer in use.
I don't underatand it!
It's bigger than korea ones...
Iheve visited the family doctor, and he sent me to the hospital.
And my sickness was so hard/ bad that the lung specialis said that I couldn't go home.
So people in Tokyo are buying eberything in the shop. So, I cannot buy water, rice and paper.
Yesterday, I went to Restrant Hajime for lunch with my girlfriend.
My favarite dish was loasted lamb.
It was so cool that we felt very comfatable.
I'm not familier with Europe at all.
Let's plant good seeds into our heart togerther.
[Please plant good seede into the garden of your heart and you'll be sure to be happy unless somebody doubts you].
Plaese could you tell me your own thoughts.
I do like the older music too, Hungarien songs specifically.
She said that her sperior did and said stupid things, and caused a lot of trouble.
The eperiment is also waiting for me,
I have experienced a tyfoon of level/ magnitude 8 ever since I have stayed in Hong Kong.
And acrually I think it wories Avi that we call Ji-Hyun Scott, a man's name.
It is werriten using an indian ink.
I was seaty.
I found ``Sleep tracker`` which is a wrist watch that can anylise the rhythm of one's sleep, R.
A famouse Japanese celebrity said, ``I can wake up much easier than ever with this``.
Yet, from the sidlines, they may be considered illusions.
That's why nowadays I'm leading my life under the belief that something that manipulates us exsists and we are leading our life at the behest of it.
Some part of me think that I couldn't care less because if my theory is right, nothing was truely done by us humans but done by the manipulater.
All too often, my students declair that they don't know why they study.
Sdudy English
4, There are many people with a similer name to me in Japan.
Sudenly when I woke up this morning,
but I couldn't be saticefied with this musical on that day.
Whenever I leran English, I find Japanse interesting ^_ ^
I read a comment in the textbook which said there was a very close relationship between vacabulay and success.
Godness, who can tell me how to do it..
=___ = I hate the Korean (alchol) drinking culture.
My sister's company is forcing her to drink a lot of alchol even though she doesn't want to drink.
Then we put meat, vegetables, beans, toufu, etc.
The weather was so roasting, made us unconfortable.* Agree!*
In the theater, the story was outstanding from beginning to end, it made me feel inconceivability, especially when the transformer chang their mind, it was very cool.
My company is a American capital company, so I really want to improve my Engliash leval a.
According to many newspapers, news programs and websites, the wilderness areas all over the world are endengered.
* Coffee-Fresh is Japanise-English.
I feel terrible and I've almost lost my self-confidence and courage to do anoter job interview.
We went from Wakkani, Hokkaido to Okinawa and enjoyed sightseeing, eating delicious food, bathing in hot spring, and so on.
By curious coincidence, us five friends made a circle and pledged to proceed into bright futures at Takamatu Airport just one year ago.
It seemd that I am buying the sacred certificatiom with money.
If you are intresting in CLAYMORE, please check the following URL.
I really want to study English well. I hope you can hellp me! ~
She came by Shincansen.
It's also a wontherfull movie.
After graduating from my jounior high school, I went to Switzerland to study other cultures and languages.
My husband is goot at wood.
The length is about three meters, the weight is 30kg, and the widthe is 80cm.
NZ has a beautiful nature, many nationalities and tradionl culturies (ex.
I only know my faily, friends, school...
Nealy 20 people came and together we had a great evening.
In my workplace, English will be the national language in the future, So I hava to learn English properly.
Izakaya normaly offer food and alchol at night, but
Today is a frine day.
So, at prezent I have just 300RMB on hand.
A couple of days ago I joined a team which was started in order to translater English into Korean by university students.
Our team's slogun is to be in middle of the world that is emphsizing indepence and creativty.
I went to the building near the Pusan sity subway station to attend OT.
So my primary problem is pnunciation.
At first I tried repeating corecct sounds by listening news or Tv programs.
I live in my home town. There are some friens whom I've known for a long time around here.
She fogot to pay her utility bill because she is always busy.
Hi Wolrd!
It is also very snowly today.
Yes, I tried to write the calory off with those veges.
So I was so disapointed.
Of course sometimes I feel a little nervouse, since I don't know if I can get a good job again after coming back to Japan, also I don't know if I will be able to speak English ofter I go abroad.
I aslo had a blood test.
I started riading ``HOLES``.
I'm studing Spanish because my best friend was Mexican.
I haven't told her that I'm studing Spanish yet, but I'm going to make her surprised when I go back to Califorina.
I am not always comfortable with writing a businese Eglish letter.
they lost to the Orland Magic. (;_;)
I found this site coincidently.
I took an examination in english comunication class today.
So I went to school quickly and arrived earlier than I nomal do.
So there was no chickee and beer!
I thought that somthing was happning, and I asked some people what happened.
And now, I have finished the arrengement.
This happening wasnn't solely a bad thing, because I know her today more than yesterday.
To get a reasonable price, I need to check the price of severa companies, not just 1 company.
So we promised that today, I would do nouthing to help the household, and study English all day long.
My youger sister is 33 years old.
Before we seperated, we shook-hands and blessed each other a successful trip.
Besides, I bought some snacks and foods such as Songpyeon, a half moon shaped rice cake that is the most representitive Korean Thanksgiving food to have during the long weekend, which is over three days.
The purpose of wrinting here is improving my skill in expressions in English.
But now I `ve decided to challenge to write a deiary in English.
I enjoied summer vacation.
In this Club, many Japanese who want to brush up on their English skils and many Americans who are interested in Japanese gather at the Student Center and talk to each other.
It was a little groce, but I liked it because its plot was easy to understand.
I went to cram school to teach English grammer for high school students.
Right now, I am so exhusted.
I am studying art but I am interested in film and I also Iike watching movies.
Today is satuary. there is no class today
My favorit sport is ``kendo``.
These days, I often see many magagines featuring beautiful and lovely chocorates for St.
unbelieval...
Today, I dreamt on introtduce myself in spanish!!
She can't control the musule on the left side of her face.
But we still don't konw how this happened.
So the docter removed that tooth's nerve.
I had been to another dentist and was told that nothig was wrong with my teeth.
The doctor filled whrer he shaved with temporary medicine.
I found her some madication.
I went back to my domitory and talked with my roommates.
Chantting with my friends
My diary has alot in it if you don't have the time to correct it, you can just correct some paragrap. If somesome read my diary and see it not finished please help me correct it, thank you very much my friends at lang-8.
I met my friend today, we went to the movies at Sukumvit, togerter with my Thai frind and her Chinese friend. We were watched it for free.
Thank you for listenig me.
I found two cute one-peices.
I feel that I will have good deream in tonight.
To write a diary diary is inresting for me.
I need to learn more vocablary.
Tomorrow's dinner will be also crurry, assuming I don't have a previous engagement.
I think it's the most fantastil cellular phone that I've ever seen.
That class is called social taiking.
So I can't improve my hearing and spoking in that class.
The differnce between what she is and what she was has made me sad.
The only way to make me happier is try to find someone esle.
I try to find someone who is really conerned about me.
All students have to/ Every student has to pass various examinations to graduate from a university or a colleage,
Especially kapadokia!
It seems like a 3D version of Nitendo.
Do you know Haruki Mukarakami?
His famous novels include ``Kafak on the Shore,`` ``Norwegian Wood,``
While human beings forget many things everyday and every moment, thanks to cameras and videos we can keep all things in pictures and movies by just pushing a botton.
Moreove, they will never fade away and lose color.
posivive thinking
Of_ Ofcouse I want to be a dietitian.
Please trancelate this sentence into Japanese.
If you could give me a grammartical explantion of the above sentence, I would be most grateful.
If I had a lot of time and money, I'd likt to travel everyday!
I met a frind today.
Every year, I gave hime chocolates.
It is not just a subject for specialties and researchers.
If you have a suggeetion, please tell me!!
The first thing every one of my friends says on messanger when I say Hi is ``I'm almost dying because of the crazy weather``.
But thaknsfully I'm here in Canada where the weather is great in summer time.
Besides Except english I realy love japanese.
Recently, I feel that some incidents that happend to me is as if they were TV programs I had watched before.
Yesterday, my best female friend who is my ex-coworker asked me to tell a man who is her ex-boyfriend and our ex-coworker before, my mail adress.
And I know the fact she doesn't know, which is that he played with her while having an intercouse with another coworker.
One year ago, he made his girlfriend pregnaunt and asked my friend to lend a lot of money to him for abortion.
A grandson asks his granfather,
GS: Granpa, why do we have festive red rice?
I nerver thought that sushi would be such a popular food around the world.
I really appreate that so many friends remembered my birthday, and it was so nice to celebrate my birthday together with them.
Rcently, the weather in Taiwan is very good and the temperature there is very high and it is very hot.
I went to the department store on New year's eve to buy some ingrediants.
On new year's day morning, many people went to temples and shrines to pray to achive their goal, despite the fact that they religious.
In addition to this, it must be one of the resons why special TV progrrams that are usually unable to be watched are broadcast.
What about other coutries??
What is a better expresion?
Becanse I took a college entrance exam and passed it.
The story consists mainly of piratie adventures, and they also have special abilities as similer as how Naruto uses Ninjutu.
Tuna was especially derisious.
I have no job and try to improve my Englush.
The croquettes are freshy fried and the salads are delicious but they cost more compared to homemade food
After I come home, I enjyoyed the foods I bought.
I've got a relly big problem: tomorrow there's a really important test about the voting system in the USA and I don't get it at all!!
First there are primaries or caucasuses.
Then the Democrats and the Republicans each send a certain number of deligates to their national conventions.
For example in state 1 candidate X from the Democrats has the most votes the democratic deligates from state X vote for candidate X as their presidential nominee.
Before this vote each electo says which candidate they will vote for and they have to stick to this later.
We have received news that my airline is very denger. It has many accidents and there are thefts at times...!!!!
to be contimued.
Monday Octobor 19th 2009
And, there is the invurnearable girl, Clare.
Nathen can fly.
And, his younger brother, Piter can absorb their powers.
So, Piter can fly, read people's thoughts, be invincible, and so on.
But, it's really amzing and fascinating.
Generally girls wear long sleeved komono and boys wear long pleated, culotte like, Japanese trousers or a suit.
My last roommate already went back to Autralia to work. We had lived in our apartment for a couple of weeks, which was a wonderful time for me.
Then, I also met my new roommate, who is from Korea and he has lived in Auckland about one year, so he can speack English very well.
Ecept for Japan and a few other countries, countries don't have school fees untill university.
However, I want to go to abload during/ on my summer holidays, to scandinavian, swiden, slovania or England.
But I thougt it was a very good experience for me.
Manybe I am just waiting for someone to talk to me.
the entire floor covered with dirty water, whcih I did not know where it came
Unfortunatly the plumber could not come to repair it on that day
I could not see all the movies in the series, but this movie was better than I expacted.
(more than usuall)
but if it's rainning outisde, I just jump in my room with the pedometer.
I normaly play
Through this job, I understood how difficult to change the lungage channels momentaly between Japanese and English.
* Expalining about the world heritage's culture and history on a microphone.
I have a habbit if checking the back of my hair often.
I stand with my back to the mirrow and check my hair with a hand mirrow.
We departured from Knsai International Airport at midnight.
I think I did the worst presentation in the calass.
I can see the large farm and hourses every day.
Alought I also can see many goats and sheeps being killed, when I saw the view on my way home, I felt better and love the life I have right now.
In later years, however, the significance of the language was de-emphasized, as the study of so-called living languages like French and German came to be seen as more relebant.
The language continued to have high status for some in the 1970s, even thouf far fewer students (only one out of every 100 high school students) took it.
Good weather, nice locaton and good people.
Please call me on Skyp!
I wanted to eat someting at lunchtime, so I went to the kichin.
I made some Macaroni cheese yesterday, so I desided to eat that.
I looked for it everywhere in the frige, but my lunch wasn't anywhere.
Then, my host-father came into the kichin joyfully and began to talk.
The tupper had his daughter's name written on it, so he assumed that his daughter made what was inside.
She has a physical caracteristic.
The Culcom institue helps people improve their English skills.
I joined a study gruop so I have to memorize some kind of story.
I wnat to do solve this situation.
They are very good freinds with each other, and of course with me!
I thought ithat I could be free from studying English, but I was wrong, toally wrong.
the score I got was not waht I expected.
but th most important thing now is Chinese New Year lol
I'm not good at listening to rylics, but I can hear it clearly.
Befor I go to school
Befor I found out about this site, I'd ask my English teacher for help.
When I write, grammer is very difficult.
People who smell it are brainwashed, and are not conscious of creating a painting equal to that of Picaso...
We set off the furefly for stream in summer.
Listening to new music; seeing a movie for the first time; my first time travelling alone, the first time I joined a club (I joined an athelete club), my first...
About two months ago in the US, I saw a free traial service at a cosmetic company website.
I only started lerning English recently, I'd like to speak it fluently but it's more difficult for me now.
Some analytics say K-Pop is familiar to American Pop music.
Several hours later, at twilight, It became crowdy.
I thought it would be intresting!!!!
Some of them wear it an inproper way, for instance in a too short and revealing way like a girl:(
In modren society, There are more and more technologic products created and we enjoy lots of of these.
In my opion, one of the most important technologies that helps the students is the computer.
They can easily carry hundreds of books in their pockets or backpages and read all the time.
Students can also edit the tasks, paint the paintures, record the sounds... etc by computers.
Besides this, rememebr that not all of the countries are
well-developped.
The progression of technology makes them left farrer behind in the competition in this world.
Toucing scenes made my eyes teary.
A man vsited my workplace today.
I am going to see a dentise on Monday.
I became a thirs year student.
He is one of the most infulential consultants in the world.
I am gointg to be more curious about everything that happens to me.
We worry less and think more intellegently.
For example Helen Keller, an outstanding female American writer, could neither see, speak or hear, but she was such a great woman with strong willings who never stop struggling.
Her biography ``My Story`` is quite impressive, because it depicts every important footsprint in her life.
It's a constructive psychological strategy to cope with reality and conflics.
Therefore, I prepared a jar only for saving quaters.
I would like to attend Opera just once because it is one of the misterius things for me.
The reason why I am interested in it is because the acters and actresses sing and dance on the stage wearing luxurious dresses and sometimes wear masks.
Today,_ I regester on a website of learning a foreign language.
Why can the softwafe summarize texts?
But I will go to other countries in South-east Asia (e. g. Vietnan, Cambodia, Singapore etc.)
I think the goverment spends a lot of money in vain.
I read the article that other countries have a systemetic educational.
I leke them very much becasue they have their own ideas to spend time.
One of my firends went to Myanmar as vlunteer with her circle members.
The onther one of my friends is now 23-year-old though she is a freshman.
Then she came back to Japan and now she is a stuent of our university.
She have many views to look somethig.
Three days ago my portable audio player stopped worng correctly.
Many years ago, we colud just bring it back to the shop where we
I was blessed with excellent frineds.
Thank you for being a frined.
First, you will recieve a million yen of virtual money.
I'm goind to introduce some goods later.
From the next weekend we are entering a long holiday incruding Sul.
so the approcing holiday is longer than January 1st.
Airplane (or Aeroplain) fee
here, I think, I shoud give thanks to my friends, thank you for taking care of me always!
I did not find the interivew too difficult but I had to wait a long time.
It is because I have not uss their product before.
My life would be prefekt if I could speak and read English.
The/ Our main dish was shrinps.
There are many occasions on which to eat meat, for example, goin for a drink with my co-workers, or being invited to my friend's home for dinner.
A: If you think so, I can come down on the price a litte. (a bit)
continius is Important
my hobiy is running.
US, singapole, China...
I went to the park to palyed badminton with my friend. We had an appointment at 11. 00 a. m.
But I was late getting there because I was chatting with some somepeple on MSN.
Yesreday was my birthday.
We had international cusine at JICA.
They are helping a lot of deveroping contries with their sirious problems.
I love the cafe because they have a lot of International cusines and
Lasec surgery
(When I got it) at first, I suffered from tremedous pain for two days.
Thankfully, now I can see very cleary.
For example, English, Mathmatics for business to get a license.
X-(but I love to study Enlish, so I'll do my best!!
We watch so much television that we are subjected to the same commercials we've seen over and over during the thrity plus hours we spend in front of our beloved (?) television every week.
Thank you for reading, and thank you for your cooperation as awalys,
I will have hard trainning!!!
Langrich canpaign
I enjoyed practicing pronounciation.
but I am gonna wirte about my daily life or my thoughts and such..
Pleae don't misunderstand me, I am a completely straight man.
But one of my colleagues wanted to go to that kind of place just out of curiosity, although he is also startight man.
A coffee affectionado?
In the morning I am so busy becouse I am making lunch boxes for my kids. ``
You can readt it at the below site.
I playd soccer with children at the park in the Tama Center
But this time, of ofcorse, my parents will join the weddig party.
It's a good oppotunity for us to show my pearents our appreciation and take care of them overseas.
nanun kenneth john torsiende yimnida.
Univercity, homework...
Gifts, happieness in the air...
and Taiwan to sightesee for a month in March.
The earthquake happend while I was traveling through Europe.
I haven't seen any forigners sightseeing in Tokyo since I came back.
At the time I couldn't understand what ``invisible radiationand and`` going critical ``meant, despite the abundance of information on the TV. I was frightened of the news.
I can't consentrate while I am at home at least.
All paper towels in public restrooms are a waste of resorces, so people should bring their own hankershieves to dry their hands.
If American saw me using a hankerchief in a public restroom, they might think that I am strange or that my hands were dirty.
Should I not use my hankerchief in the U.
It's not diffcult to reconize all of my colleages and freinds through the phone memory.
It's good in this new year that my friends and colleages contacted via message and leaved their names.
Ingland '.
We can't tolerate, when sucn things occur.
I'm going to wirte in my Journalin English everyday.
Today, I read the lyrics of ``Beaty and the Beast`` on the Internet.
It has very beatiful lyrics and a romantic melody.
Anyway, the China's nationtal Day is coming, and we will have a 8-day holiday all over China. That's so great ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
I also have several things to do.... (thanks to my job, I can schedual my things easily.)
I have to buy a new pair of shoes--my Nikie shoes are worn out....
I have to prepare to decorate my new appartment. During the holiday, the saler will make a presentation about some products which I want to check out for my interior decoration..
It something should happen suddenly, I need to prepare for it in my schedual.
Threre are many interesting events, for example, dannce, beauty contest, eating and muscle convention.
I want to be good at using compurter.
Unfortunatelly, our teacher's mid-term test asks so many questions which contains so many details.
Because I think I have prepared it well, so I told my teacher that our play is not totally the same as a drama, and he tokd us we can finish it.
The other subjects are so-so, I hope that I can get a score which I will be satisified with.
Today is a national holiday for election in Philippone.
I mean I can select 19 credits from 100 courses before officially registeration.
I always wanted to go shopping in Harajuku; because, there are many fashonable clothes.
I bought many clothes; so, I have little mony now.
I trained my body taday.
My English is not good, especailly my writing.
It was so beatiful.
Around one hundred thousand people commit suicide every year around and three handred people commit suicide everyday.
But most Japanese people belive ``' we have the best public safety because Japanese people are smart and cool compared to the people of other countries! ``
Japanese people belive that only Japan has four beautiful seasons for some reason lol
But it doesn't mean thier countries don't have four seasons.
Their coutries are very big and different from scummy and small Japan.
What is better using public transfortation or a rental car?
EBM band Krnangh was very fine, their music is nice, classical EBM with some lyrics about National sotialism and Adolf Hitler.
But their charismatic vocaler and other band members were great.
I am not improving my Englsih skills.
becaouse, I do not have any chance to speak or use English in Japan.
Someone, please gime me/ give me more chances....
an unforgettable moive
Because sometimes couples cannot be together in real life for some reason, but movies make their dreams come ture.
Unfortunately, I'll probably have to sell my motorcycle in September because I'm going to study abroad in Victria, Canada.
Green revolution have broght about great benefits for humankind as a whole.
After He successed in making his own company and joining in the market, most of his friends have changed into green-eyed monsters.
But many countries don't impose it on groceries that people need for thier daily life
we alredy have huge debt that is 1. 5 times of Japan's GDP.
I personaly think the only way to avoid going bankruptcy is to raise consumption tax.
It may cause llergic reactions, and carries the possibility of damaging a childs health.
In my opinion, I believe that schols so ban the sale of junk food.
When I have something I feel better to share it with my friends here because you help me decite how I can manage it.
They are affaid If I can do that I will sad.
The core concept of this theory is based on reversing the ideas of drawing a pecture.
Also I boiled rice and souted mixed vegetables: pieces of carrots and cabbage and siitake (Japanese kind of mushrooms).
Additionaly, I have some anxieties about my relationships with other people.
However, there is no use complaing now, so I must manage my tasks and cotroll my mental condition well.
After all classes finished, we clean up our school and have homeroom class to exchange imformation.
I've just heard Miss Eliot Sumner sing and I was suprised.
Lucily, the tescher didn't bleme me, and the class had just started when I got there.
If I rent them, I need to return DVDs, whic means I can't watch them with subtitles or without subtitles repeatedly.
I can sometimes understand their conversation not using any slangs or difficult expresions.
I hope this is a good invironment for me where I will have many new friends.
thanhk you very much.
Untill the last moment the mother kept hugging and protected her
I can check what I said by listening to him and must use beatiful words.
Please be carefule in eating raw meat!
My roommates and I chose a baskball class this time.
I sured have to practice speaking English.
I am interested in Ryoma Sakamoto and the Bakumatu.
He saw many awful results and got new menories.
The most happy ending would have been if he and the woman he had loved were living without any relathion to each other.
I know she is very talented and bold enough to use wierd materials for her costumes.
We didn't have much time to talk about many things while we were working, so we couln't get to know each other well tonight. (almost correct!)
However, I made a stpid mistake at the bar.
I orderd a drink, and there was a long thing in there.
I will inform you the date when the magasin will be published.
I can read English sentences a littele but, I can't write English sentences.
This weekend I will go to Shizuoka to give a speach about my research.
This is greate for me as I cannot speak English well.
But of course I am going to plactice writing and speaking:)
I orderd a lunch plate of green salad and sausages.
After that we ate at MacDonalds, normaly I don't like fast food, but it was okay.
Howeber, it's also true that neighbors can annoy us, for example, with their noise.
I will prepar for travel.
What kind of infomation do you want to know about Japan??
What is diffarence bitween a mouse and a rat?
Because I'm ready to meet my frinds for a feild party.
Today I felt something really strange. Three people in different classes, who normally don't sociate with me, acted strangely friendly.
I hopy to have a happy summer vacation and learn new things. I hope I will gain a lots of useful information andmake friends with people in differe parts of the world.
I made this nail tip last nite.
l have coupons which can be used to get a discout for about $ 5.
After I returened to my office in the evening, I attended the English class.
I stayed indoors and read or did cross stiched.
The advantage of this trip was that I finished the cross stitch portret of my cat.
Tomorrow is the Japanese natinal holiday!!
I was only the one amongst my circle of friends who didn't knw this site: '(
In addition, planning ahead has economicaly benefits.
Finnaly, by planning when to come back home, I can be well prepared for the next day.
I have become accustomed to the cold weather recentry.
I checked the yutube and it was really fun.
I don't know wheather I'm too intellectual or I'm too ruthless.
I'll cook rice including burdock and chiken.
He said in his mail 'In Holland we have an old tradition about St Nicolaas (Sinterklaas).
To distribute the gifts, Sinterkaas rides on his horse over the roofs and puts them in the chimneys.
If you read this dialy, check this please.
I want to make bisiness card and I'm thinking about my catch phrase.
I wore new recrut suit which I bought at AOYAMA.
I think it was the cause of my uncomfort.
Counld you help me, please?
Chinese medcine has a profound knowledgement.
Unfortunately, I have to memerize them all including their shapes, functions and Latin names before mid-exam.
Before we build nuclear power staion we should consider about that more carefully.
So what do think baout nulcear power stations?
Yesterday I felt happy because I had 4 netive people correct my diary.
I wrote the diary again following what they tought me.
I find out about me when I write the senten like the diary. I fill happy and enjoy that and waiting for someone correct it before I check it. I feel exsiting and I think today someone will help me correct it.
I heard the news about the disaster in Haiti and made a donation to there, but I didn't know exactly what happend at Haiti and how they live now.
It didn't take long time to realize that the South Koreans are highly affted by two countries, Japan and the U.
It will (?) be hard on a rainy day but now I'm not goning to worry about all the wrong things anymore.
When Iasked ``why me``, he didn't give me a satisfactory answer but said ``You don't even give me the chance.`` Yeah, I declined to travel to another city to meet him, in a city I have never been to and for someone I hardly know.
I discoveried he likes fruit a lot.
He didn't eat only water melon but also peach, glape.
He didn't eat baby food, but he could eat fruite.
Most people living in Seoul carry their umbrella every tiime they go out.
We have had much more rain recently than ususl.
Taylor Swift and Miley Cylus are my fevorite singers.
``Many forigners play an active part in Japan.
I had planned to cook in the morning as well but in the end notthing happened.
English is an internetioned language.
The temperatue was-22c
I played soccer at night (-22) I'm going crezy
Futon is a bedclothe.
The location is a local college which tstands on a mountain.
I went to a shoppin mall that is near to my aunt's house.
We spend today relaxingly.
How do I understand which atricle to use?
Actuary, I was bored yestaday and last week.
So, I coundn't write my diary today.
I'm going to prepare some projects, that is, lisenses (subjects)? like language, leadership and so on.
Hi ~ I want to inporve my English, please help me, thanks! ^ ^
I really want to inporve my poor English.....
My grammer very poor....
I felt a sence of guilt for not picking up becuase I knew who would call at around that time.
Could you tell me more about Chrismas?
Merry Chrismas, my dear friend.
Nowadays, Chrismas is more and more popular in China.
truth, however, I know little about Chrismas.
What will you do on Chriamas? I'd like to
It is obvios that I am easily to be happy.
I know that it sometimes seems un-meature, but candies are my favorite, so it obsolutly can make me happy.
Sometimes we don't know what path to take or what choise to make.
We live our lives like passing white and black strites, like walking in a rainy day without an umbrella.
We have to leave our problems behind and step forward towards happieness.
On my way home, I noticed someting fell from the sky.
I planed to write down the dires that were corrected by my best best best best best teacher& friends, but I'm so sleepy now.
did my best though, I could not answer all quetions perfectly.
Today is Friday I am so happy beacuse I will have a holiday tomorrow.
I'm so tired rensently.
Her sleeping styie is interesting because she looks like my father. (hahaha:D)
Then he moved to Japan, United Kingdam, Sweaden, Germany and finally he grew up in the US most of his life.
Amid the growing trend where personal computers have become prevelant, lo and behold, even books have become available on PCs, such as the Kindle that offers us the opportunity to read books on a screen.
frowned upon because they are singin and chatting loudly or being drunken at Ohanami
You know what they say ``Winners never quit, Quiters never win!``
I actually have a zinx.
We find the use of force not only necessary but morely justified...
The president made clear that he would not flinch in notusing military power
The best breckfast in the world
And then, we enjoyed shight-seeing.
Nowdays, many hotels offer discounts of up to 50%.
I have started an English dialy.
There was notiong special about today, it was just a normal day.
but actully, life just means ordinary things that are happening daily.
Recentry, I have a backahe too.
I want to bacome s freinds with many people.
And my mum, she is generouse and linient enough to make me brown bags when it's needed.
She sutisfies my families culinary taste.
I wish she wouldn't eat sweet so many confectionaries.
So I'd like her to have a good marriage because she is my only sibblin.
I don't know if I wrote correctly, but I'm going to write this meanless entry.
The paper was for a weirdy entrance exam.
Oullet plaza
Actually, I didn `t reember my birthday at all until just now.
My son became a junior high scool student this spring.
This afternoon, I saw a film called ``THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE FOLLOWSHIP OF THE RING``.
On Fridays, there is free English coversation club at the building.
Starting on Friday, Hong Kong is on 4 days of national hiliday in a row.
So, I'm in office now because I have to translate Japanese docments into English.
there are many spesial words in my business.
It takes a long time to comlete them.
Green green, there are lot of green avobe the hill.
I will go to Shanghai for an assighnment in July.
So I will keep writting my journal and mentioning my Twitter.
My car didn't move for more than 30 minites!
My goal is to study Englis.
I can't belive it!
So pleace correct my diary.
I'm at a finace class.
But warm days and cold days are repeating themselves in Ngoya.
On my way home from my English circle, I adjusted the binyl tunnels of cucumbers and watermelons at 9pm..
In deed, My coworker said me, ``Since when were you mysophobia?``
They had 3 rooms decolated with many accessories that were hand made by the LIFE STUDIO staff, and You was taken about 70 cut pictures.
At first, he smiled because the stadio staff played with him.
Although I did not care about it, one thing happend!!!
1. omorrow I will watch a movie.
2. on cristmas day I will go to Deagu.
I have to read some scientific papers until tommorrow.
Agemanju is very derisious.
Everythig is fine but, as you already know, we have the shutdown problem with the computers.
Anyway, I've decided to watch Transformer III tomorow with my sister.
I want to befriend someone who knows English or Frence, that's the reason why I will write something here.
I'm wearing thiclk clothes like the sweater I have on now.
I meet various foriener from all over the world.
One of my co-worker is a Philipino and we talk (or converse) in English although I am Korean and she is a Philipino.
And when I work with foreiner teachers, I feel the cultural difference.
It's sometomes bad but usually I'm excited to work with people who are really different than I thought they would be!
egg is mediam boiled.
Resentry, I have taken a lunch box with me to school.
So, I have to get up 30 minutes earlier than usual to prepere my lunch box.
This is cheap and delisious.
I am exicited to feel their bigfoot upon my arribal.
But that changed when I went to univercity and took a major in English Education. I found myself loving English that I realized English is useful in our daily life.
Since then, I became very diligent in learning English. I want to make a great progress for my final eaxm.
But my Eglish skills are poorer than my classmate.
So I want to improve my English this summer vaction!!!
I read English passages loudly in the morning, but I'm not sure whether my pronuncation are right.
It was no good having a sore throat and a bad headace last Saturday.
My husbund left very early this morning aroud 5am to go to SanDiego on business.
Todday I went to see and buy some china at the Villeroy& Boch factory.
That factry is fantastic!
I bought four white squear plates.
These are good for pasta, sutue, salad, ets,,,
goodnaight.
Life is like a chokorate box?
I was very afraid at first when I got on the train going to Milalno.
A very nice beggining.
We went to her home at first and talked about everything that happend to us in these past 3 years.
After I listened to her wohl story, I found in her face some tierdness and boredness in her life.
I gave her a chokolate box which I bought in Switzerland.
There were many different kinds of chokolates in the box.
``Life is like a chokolate box.
Everyday, we can eat a different taste of chokolates. ``
I also watched this movie before, but I've alsreay forgotten this phrase.
Yes, life may be like a chokolate box.
Although we may have eaten a bitter chokolate today, we might eat a sweet chokolate with a lot of flavors tomorrow.
So, I think we shouled be careful when we chat online with someone we don't know.
First, almost every Japanese person has aten whale meat.
Our ancestors began these events in order to worship thier gods, to show thanks for the harvest, to pray for prosperity, and so on.
Secondry, we develop our communication skills by participating in Matsuri.
I swim at the gym once a week but output of energy are smaller than imput
And what is worse, my office is locted next to Mac!
It's a book of adventures, magic and suspence.
Hallo! Today I got a package from Japan.
This ratio is grown by simplifying the curriculm.
I can't improve my English enought!
I love to wacth a movie and I study English from them.
I could say that it is not a good way to study English. I consider that it is difficult to leran English because I can't focus on learning English. It's easy to focus on/ think about the actor or actress.
I beleaved her at that time.
Japanes summers are very hot.
This is because songs are important thema of this series.
Ichiro Itano, who is a maniacal animatier, drowed beautiful and acrobatic scenes and made this series famous.
I saw the news that there was a tornaddo in Gumma prefecture.
The seane was very terrible.
She said she really enjoied it..
I brought him some cabbege, so he stuck his head out of his stall..
on coloful greeting cards.
I will go to Tokyo on September 12th to go to Tokyo Dizneyland with my best friend.
Tommorw, I will meet my friend in Shinjyuku.
It is the sound of the practice for a traditional festival called DANJIRI somewhere around my neighbor.
Yesterday, I went to a Japanese-style bar agin with my friend who has came back to Japan from the UK.
I know that I must leare English well, because I actually like it actually.
So we held a parewell party in an Okonomiyaki restaurant yesterday.
(Okonomiyaki is one of the famouse foods of Japan.)
This morning I wached a news program on TV.
In the program it was said that Rakuten, which is Jananese online shopping company, will change its official language from Japanese to English.
Japanese market is gradually shrinking because of resession.
I'm looking forwaed to seeing Part2.
She is the most famouse Romanian in Japan.
She is so famouse in Japan.
I asked him, ``who is the most famouse Japanese in England?``
She was the wife of John Lennon, who was a Beatles menber.
She is famouse in Japan, too.
The English man told me another famouse Japanese is Honda, a football player.
because his country had been dominated, his eglish skill is very good.
he is so fluent in koean as well as english and his mother language.
I had wanted to have Tom yam cun (It is spicy and sour soup, and the ingredients are shurimp, coconut, and so on)
Tommorrow is Aplil and the entrance ceremony of my school!!!
So it is an artificial city defensed by magic.
I still worry aobut my English skills.
I visited my mother and gave her carnations in adovance.
I've been learning only words, grammer and reading and haven't really expressed anything in English when I learned English for the first time in my life.
I coulndn't speak English well but we spent an enjoyable time chatting.
The most important thing to remember is that I didn't spent the time being with my familly, although I'm am only daughter.
Last Saturday, a very very big desdisaster occured in Tohoku county, Japan.
While watching TV, I was so sad, and I thought, ``What should I do for the peole of Tohoku,`` but I had no ideas for a couple of days.
Then we conqer the barrier, everything had a basic concept, everyone helped each other and worked harder to do whatever we should do, to be whatever we should be.
Chrismas market and Skerting
I went to the Chrismas market and skarting.
Eventually, I went to the station, met themwent to the Chrismas market and skarting.
enjyoed it a little.
Bcause she is afraid of going to dental Clinic.
I wakep up early in the morning.
I got injuctions and took medicine () but this cold seems to stay
Some people might imagine that those kind of thigs should be done by people who have time and enough money to help people suffering from disease or poverty.
Sometimes, I havn't certain ideas to write on Lang-8.
thak you for reading and (for) helping!
I studied prnounciation with my teacher on the computer this morning.
But today I enjoied it because I did the homework.
It's extremely hard and the teacher is an old man so he can't talk proparly.
It makes everybady bored and sleepy....
People think cows are jantle,
I wanted to writting a letter.
Because I'm not good at writting.
I like to travellng especially to foreign countries.
We have a big problum now.
I went to a local rahmen shop called ``Yaozen`` today.
I am writting while eating a grape now.
On the other hand, he always looks older than he actually is. He looks like a thirty or fourty-year-old.
Ashley Tistale
I bought: lemon water, honey of rosemary mede in Spain, rosemary, blueberry, cocoa without sugar and milk, and graham bread.
Tokyo is very safty, (?) very confotable.
I want my own homepage but it is hard for me to creat one so I'm looking for some website which can creat a homepage easily but I can't find a good one.
to express a lot of relations and suggestions; ``Expressing It in Your Own Words; the EIYOU activety
It is paraphlase and has more meaning.
There are many methods of transportations Japan.
MY MAJER
My mager is acoustic design.
For example, history of western music, musicology, frequency of sound, intencity of sound, linguistics, physiology of hearing, and so on.
Now, I think love and a kind heart and barance of time and money are important.
Wirting in English is little bit of a challenge for me.
I have started to study grammer. (Finally)
I was reading the grammer text book and there was a sentence that I couldn't understand well.
I would be so happy if you guys could explain this sentence ``gramatically``!!:p
I think language reflects the thoughts of the people who are usisng it.
There are many typhoons in Japan aroud this season.
He is Japanese but also can speak English and POrutuguese perfectly and I wonderd why, so I asked him.
He said 'I was raised in Japan untill my 14 yeras old and then moved to Portugal due to my parents's work and now I've been living in England for almost 3 years.
I was embarrased.
I have already made reservations for the hotel, restaulant and show.
However I didn't have enoguht chances to make new friends.
The shop staff repaird the flat tire in 5 minutes and I paid 1. 000 yen.
It was an unlukey day.
If next semester my grade hasn't changed, I can't achieve my goal and get a shcoalarship.
In August 2010, I left Japan to go to South Korea to study economics, Korean culuture and language.
Sometimes Koreans thought I was kind of weired when my friends and I walked around in the city.
Then he/ she would always gaize at me as if he/ she said to me, ``such a stupid!!`` lol
This is really helpful for foreiners.
He is a very famous person in Japanese Histry.
He is one of the most important people who have affected Japanese histry.
And this is why I counld not leave you some comments after I'd read it.
One day I had an appiontment with my friend and my friend's frined to watch the movie at the Slam Palagon. This place is really nice and betiful.
Whaile we waitedfor the movie we ate food. My friend's friend is a thai person like me but when we talk.
so I think I had an experint withit before so now I smile about it to my self.
It wasn't regulary, though.
Usually it was short and I didn't think too deeply about things. I just wrote down what happend to me that day, things like ``I think I like him,`` or ``my Korean grade is 100!``
I thouth so becouse younger brother is a countable noun.
Teaching plactice
I went to teaching plactice at my high school.
The bioHazard serise is a favorite of mine.
My kids also enjoy kindergaten.
She dressed up in Japanese tarditional clothes and did her hair.
Sometimes dictonary make me crazy!
Mainly because the dictonary give me example stences that are too formal and that nobody uses anymore.
Altough there were nuisances, Jack and Rose got through the crisis.
Also this work was mede in 1997 in the US.// America spans from Canada to Argentine.
Maybe I will be a tour guide, but I'm not sure. Maybe I will just ues it for my own travel because I could get free access to some scenic areas with it.
I have a double major in event and bussiness administration.
I dreamed and strugle for many days and nights.
There are 10 days until my unversity entrnes exam.
A friend's nutural behavior
These children are ofen spoilt, not in terms of love but their behavour...
It's kind of a pitty that we are losing a friend here.
Hello eveyone.
I don't know much English or cultures of other cuntry yet.
One of my American friends invited me to play sand vollayball today.
Therefore, you can play sand volleyball while drinking alchol or eating somthing.
becouse, I thought that today is Thursday.
A good way to learning another langues is.......
They recommand a good way for me to learn English,
These days I feel I am losting my English skill.
After hearing that she had died of (or from) a desease, he attended her funeral with his wife and realized that she'd never married
The story is that a long long time ago, an old Japanese man went to a mountain, and then he found a baby girl inside some banboo.
We ordered fried noodle and fried poak and vegitables.
'I have to remind myself that some birds aren't meant to be caged. thire feathers are just too bright. And when they fly away, the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up does rejoice.' I enjoy it when I read it.
These fruit are very sweety and tasty.
I hope so:) To improve my English, I'll keep on writing a new ently from now on.
Pleae chear me up:)
Cross Fire is a game producted by the Tencent internet company.
so my hostmother got the message insted.
my work schedule was chenged by my boss.
I decorated the living room with flowers, streemers and balloons.
I cooked a special lunch for them yesterday. It was soup, tuna-salad, and the main dish was rolled cabbige.
This season in Japan, the spring cabbige crop was large.
We had to sing many old songs there, but it was a fun and nice experince for me.
So we write only Japanese sentenses although we study English.
My tase in raising pets is very common.
There are meny international students at my university.
Meanwhile, Two ladies of an IT trainning institution, which anncouced it cooperated with IBM, stopped me.
Summer vacation will end in this mounth.
I was lazy this summer about sutuding English.
From today, I'll bigin to study English for TOIEC!
But we have always lived in diffrent countries and had time togather for less 10 days every year.
After he got a new job, I felt that his personality was diffrent from what he used to be five years ago.
When my friend committed suiside in our accomodation and I needed his help, he expressed his anger to me.
But he talked with me for about 10 min, when he waited for a dish in a restrant or only in his spare time.
His house maid said his mother ``did not wish him to get married``, because she needed his saraly for his whole family.
When I was in his room for our all-too-brief time together, I was dissapointed with his behaviors; watching TV, checking his phone, not talking.
I wanted to spend my time with my BF and have dinner togather.
particulaly, after his anger hurt me very much.
I had a BF, but I could not talk with him, call him, or share any ideas. Nor did I have oppotunity to go out often, and of course his anger issue.
Is not easy to controll myself and relax.
Recentry,
My colleage gave us it because he bought a new TV.
I thank him for his kindess.
So far I have alredy made a lot of mistakes that anyone migh have done before.
In my case, I will make a lot of mistakes even though I have alredy known its a mistake.
cpu: pentium cereron
The PC will arrive next thurthday.
I'm looking forward to receave it!!
Btw, I am very tired now, after celerbrating your birthday and going shopping.
Yesterday I didn't go to school and I stayed home because I felt painfull in my nose.
Adress or Mail Adress.
He is very famouse all over the world.
The story is a little difficult, but it has many beautifulsight scenes!!
So, today I fell asleep in schol:) (sorry, I don `t know how to say that I` m sllep and not sleeping...
I `m so happy, becouse I have always wanted to read this book in its original language!:)
Now my clock says 20: 17 p. m., and I should do my homework, go to the bathroom and then go to bed, but I often have a insomnia, because I `m an`` owl ``in my bioryhtm, and wake up early-so hard for me:)
What's more, I have been desperated to go there since I was a child.
writting an essay is hard for me...
I was dissapointed with myself.
I belong to an astromy club.
I ate Chinese vegestables.
Chainese vegestables grow in the land and water.
The flower of vegestables is a white colour and in the middle of the flower it is a violet.
I know if you eat more chainese vegestables they can help improve your vision.
First off, I will buy an English text book, because I want to speak fuluent English.
It is my fault that I can't speak English ver well.
Watashi ha kirei wo kanjiru koto wa arimasen. (kireisa or utsukushisa)
I drerm of----
I am curious is it popular in oher countries..
My teacher told me not to fear using incorrect English, but I absolutly don't want to make mistakes like this!
I study Programming, Machin Learning and Image Processing.
We have eight-day holiday, but I do not kown what to do.
I went to a japanese food store and I eat shushi and it was good but I cant have to much of if but over all it was good and the gohan was awsome to but I wish they had onigeri do anyone knows how to make one cuz iv been dieing for one of thoses forever.
That was limited to the entertaintment sector, but it presented the Korean way of thinking.
So many people said, ``That yankie go home`` and ``He is a betrayer.``
They then quesioned why he should quit the team and leave Korea, just because of the foolish complaints from his young and troubled days.
Koreans hate themselves but coundn't forgive someone who hated their country in the past.
However, this situation symboled the distorted affection and shallow nature called 'Naebi-geonsung', boil fast and get cold fast as well.
I was so confused and dissapointed at my country not as a fan of his, but as a member of Korean society.
This could be the case of understaing for all the immigrants around the world, who were raised in their countries without any knowledge or understaing of their roots and motherland culture.
Here's some support messgaes from all over the world.....
o yeaah,, now, I'm a 2nd semester undergraduated in a university in Indonesia.
I am hurngry.
Even though I'm not a guiterist, I hope the company recovers well and will be making magnificent instruments from now on.
So I can only use symple greetings, likes ``Bonsoir!``, ``Au revoir!``.
First, I will intriduce myself.
But the whole day has paased and everything is in vain.
I prefer low sugar over high sugar and I prefer fruite cakes over vesitable cakes.
To take the machine from our laboratory to their truch which has a crane was very difficult.
It made me a little creay today, because I keep on thinking about the dream up to now.
Yeaterday, I went to see one of my classmates from college, and we had lunch together and also we had a nice talk.
Every day I want to learn something new, and I also want to make my day become more meaningful, however when I get to the office, another thought came to my mind, that is how to spend this day, is there anyboday that will make fun of me today?
I feel sad about my jod.
Because my heart is afraid to be broked again and again.
In the paat, I was not a person like this, I have a lot friends who are always with me, but now I stay in Shanghai all by myself.
Give me of your news regulary and also as news of your mom, your dad, and your brothers and sisters.
We are happy to be able to write you regulary, we love you very much.
First off, my friends didn't want to watch it but I reccomend it to them because this movie is made by disney.
I don't know if it's because I haven't been following the instruccions as well as I should have.
I got back to my home form part-time job at around 7 in the moring, and fell asleep till 3 p. m.
The Japanese auther I like is Murakami Haruki, Banana Yoshimoto, Higashino Keigo and so on.
I like watchig a sports game, especially when the local baseball team which I supports plays.
I always write incorrect presositions.
So I decided that I need to pracitice prepositions!
I wrote the last messege at the end of the page.
I went to a job searching seminer.
Today's seminer is held by a consulting company.
The seminer was helpful because I was able to talk with some of the staff members.
I bought two books written by the pdesident of that company and read them at MacDonald.
Im taught my students by solo paformance.
becouse it leaked.
I am renting a house now so I called the onner.
I can wash my fase comfortably becouse it's new!
I think that I will start Lang-8 agein, in order to lerne English.
I think I shold study English harder.
I want to go to many placis
The mother sometimes treats her children like her posessions.
I still have a metting for this subject tomorrow.
I'm looking forword to having a good time.
On Wednesday, the first day of spring vacation, I went volleyball playing and watched a free moive with the people in my lab.
This book is for Engish learners and mentions Lang-8!
Maybe she got infulenza.
AfterI gave her tamiflu (which is a medicine for infulenza) last night, she had been getting better.
I miss my mother very much, especily on these days.
I had an appointment with my boyfriend to play basketball this morning but when I came to his house he was still sleepping n_ n Now it is suny and hot. We don't want to play at this time but I really want to play. What should I do to stop the sun and heat? I will bring an umbrella with me ^ ^;
In one of my subjucts, my product design class, I need to think of 20 ideas and draw them out!
I will do everything, all of my homework, becasue I want to be a designer.
This is my first daiary.
I went to down town Hiroshima and bought webcome at the DeoDeo electronic store.
I was surprized by the price of it.
But it did not happened in my erea.
We found out about it through our cellphon TVs (oneseg)
The earghquake have been continuous.
Gru finnaly found that he had a right to be happy and find the meaning of family.
finnaly he found what his life was for.
A seminar I paricipated and was surprised by yesterday
Yesterday I atteded a seminar in Kangnam, Seoul.
I was very impressed and shocked becaused I have never been to one before.
Most of them wanted to improve their comunication skills because they seemed to believe that those skills would help them earn more money.
A annoncer led this seminar.
He gave several speakers good tips and imediate feedback.
Give your speach impression, and chage.
We went to the hospital to have a ronsen for my brother's metacharpal.
It is the main qualification in order to stady abroad.
I need higher poits, however, I don't have it.
Some points I had already known but the others I hadn't known lol This video emphasizes the strang points of Japan.
The first poit was ``Character of Japanese``.
This video also reffered to Japase school girls.
Some machines give false eyelashes wih the stiker.
Bergium, Austlia and Chech pablic!
plsase help me. I want to create a miracle!
``Clayon Shin-chan``
Today I went to crammg (cram) school.
Today there was a test at crammg (cram) school.
I love crammg (cram) school.
But, sometimes It's important not to do anythig.
I usually talk with friends about studing abroad, and one of my friends told me that the best way to promote friendship with local students is by doing sports with them.
I'm a student at Liao Ning University in Shen ShenYang, China.
All the actyvities were great, especially The Hallywood Ride (This is a roller coaster) and Spider-Man The Ride.
Acutually I don't go out either.
But the Twilight series is not popurer in Japan, because of poor PR I think.
Green tea includes more cafeine than others.
I'm really looking forward to wathing it.
Today I went to the starbacks, which is near my house.
I have been wondering why Japanese Starbackses is expensivethan in the US.
And then I went to the starbacks.
As a result, Japanese starbacks is more expensive than American Starbucks.
I am working in a Group Home, where old people who suffer from dimentia (deseases) live, and we are taking care of them.
I'm a beginer
My classmates and I did some field reseach for geology,
goog night
It seems like I could be a help, and if it is I want to give stars to people who helped me, but where is the bottun?
My neme is Tomoko.
I got some survenire.
I will go to (an) ``all night Kalaoke`` with my friends.
I just want to inprove my English.
russian vs japanise)))))
why that people who are learning or try to learn russian are also learning japanise....
and do u think that learnng Russian is more difficult than learning English or...
japanise??)))))
What is your ``position`` in the family-first born, middle childeren?
she is mabye/ about 76 years old.
Are friends mor important than family?
Till then/ up until that time I naver could understand why people doze off in class.
Yes, when I was in high school, me and my freind participlate in a competition, I really practiced hard but I couldn't/ didn't win the prize.
but my friend won one hundrad thousand won.
It's a secreat but in my major class, a proffessor who teaches ``study of food material`` is the most boring teacher.
But I can't do that in sutch weather...
I got my first freand yesterday.
So I tried to give them correcthon twice.
It took 1 houre to give 1 coreecthon.
So I made a mistake while making the corrcthon.
It basically focuses on international business and globla governance studies with full-English lessons.
Please teach me when I shold use it.
It makes me crzay.
I can't believe any imformation from the goverment.
Basically, I use a package tour when I take a trip somewhere, wherenever a forein country or a domestic place, because it's inexpensive.
I'm not good at English lisening comprehension because most English speakers use high frequency band (?).
Sorry it is just my comlaints, recently I have a lot of stress from my situation.
My cheeky English tutor always corrects my sentense. He puts his corrections next to them.
I told him that he should use block form when he corrects my sentense.
She saied I can't go becuase of math test tomorrow.
I saied it's ok, take your time fast.
Anyway I look farward to seeing my all friends tonight.
We've got to say that the approprite styles and colors are a critical factor as well.
Altough people do sometimes behave differently when they wear different clothes, I do not believe that clothes can essentially make people different.
Therefore, japanese have to learn mucn from them.
I went to school to try a lession.
tommow is Friday.
There is Chinese official approve this manth.
They prefer to live in a dormitory because they know that in dormitories they will: have more fun with coleagues, meet new people, have new experiances, and face new challenges.
Those students say that living in a dormitory allows one meet new people, and have more fun as one can stay up with the new coleagues playing music or games without caring about little siblings or sleeping parents.
In addition, living in a dormitory forces the student to have new experiances in life, and face a lot of different situations in which s/ he has to deal with tham wihout help from parents.
Moreover, one student said when one lives in a place far from his parents, old friends, family relations, and heighbourhood, s/ he begins to face new challenges.
when we arrived at Nikko station, we went to the hotel reseption.
We never can find hotels easily--then we went backt to 1 staion ^ ^ We found a hotel ^ ^ u know Nikko takes 3 hour and half to Tokyo..
A alot of foreigners? come here ^ ^
I think that I'll study utill 10: 00 p. m. in my office.
I stady English every day.
Becuase I want to be able to speak and understand English.
So I stady hard!
This museum, which is constructed underground, is desighned by Tadao Ando.
Well, I can say that some subjects are getting better exept Geography unfortunately.
I attend English cources with great pleasure.
In my opinion, it is very important, ecpecially nowadays.
I have always been very sensitive to this and other situations which hugely disappoin me.
I belive that my English is getting beter day by day.
B: Right now I am going to vacumm the house!
Although, my grandma and grandfa are already dead, so actually, the people who are living in my grandfa's house are my uncle and his family.
I love grandfa's home!
I like J-pop, J-rock and Japan drama, so I learned Japanese quickely& easily.
I understand there is a big controvery about hunting whales and Japan is criticized on this matter, but fighting a whale with a small weapon is certainly an adventure.
Because Tohoku area most catastrophic damegese from the quake and the tsunami and crippled nucler power plant on March 11.
Try eating the foood from Tohoku!
Meanwhile, we know some pepole are anxious of Japanese food.
Kyusyu Trip
I had a get-together with RVT yeasterday.
Anyway, I drank so much yesterday althogh I can't drink too much.
I wach ``Friends`` DVDs every night.
``At frist, I didn't believe it because I thought it was a joke, and I lacked of confidence when I was a senior student.
I talked on Skyp with my tutor.
I woked Today.
Can I tallking about weather?
I was sanny day.
An iopd can put music in your pocket, so you can take music to wherever you want to go.
She came to Japan and appered on TV
I listen to her song ``you blong with me``.
We want to guide Engish speaking foreigners around Nikko with a vorunteer because we would like to study English so that we can talk with them.
SEO is the abbreviation of Serch Engine Oprimization.
In summary, one site up to the nearest top on the Serch Engine.
Thak you for reading my diary today.
He taught us how to chooose our own life and be responsible for it.
Time gose by so fast.
Finaly, I'm about to there.
I am easily adict (absorbed by) by any kind of work.
In many high schools in Japan, gramamr teaching is emphasized very much.
But after I entered a university, I realized taht I can't speak English as well as I want to.
Please fix my writing, grammer and spelling. I want to make foreign friends.
Yesterday, Mie particepated in first-aid training for the Red Cross.
Many small restrants were open and we introduced our lab work.
I went to the area where I can drink free Sake (Japanese alkohol).
It's been a while since I drank alkohol.
I don't think I am so weak at drinking alkohol, but my face gets flushed after just one glass of beer.
Sake is about 15% alkohol.
Of cource my face got so red...
Most of the people at the festival were not drinking during daytime, and I felt a little embarrased.
According to animal expreiment, if it is eaten, it causes kindey calculcus and can eventually cause carcinoma.
Usually, we don't buy ``regular toys`` such as rangers figuers or items of a certain ranger, which cost around 5000 yen, because we know he'll get tired of playing with them sooner or later.
Three stright days off
On Saturaday, I will change the layout of my room.
I have no confidence in my English skils;
I want to enjoy English, not only for learning the languege,
On 11th Mar, we had the terrible earthquack.
My house and office are in eastern Japan, but it's not close to the sea, so we didnn't have any Tsunami impact.
I will miss those beautifule colors of Tanzania.
I'm from Hyogokenn, and often went to Osalka.
Nothing happened, no trouble is browing...
well, this is my first entry and I hope you'll enjoy it (or at least correct its mitakes)
Next year I'd like to continue practicing my English and to take an english international exame, like toefl or first certificate.
I'm looking for a nw career. I think I'm keen on economics, but at the moment I can't picture my self working at any job.
I'd like to travel abroad and in my country in the future. Argentina is beautiful and I recomend you to come, but first I must get a part time job.
Coul you tell me what kind of job is the best to start working on, considerating that I will study and practice sports at the same time?
I disagree it, because I think people will not be motivation for thire working.
I was an asistant there.
My deram is to be a scientist on metal of atmic energy.
I want to work with foeriner, so I want to go overseas soon.
Thtat will make me evenmore stressed.
In our lives, about 100 yers, we have to choose only one person with whom to have sex but sometimes people try to choose two people at the same time.
First, a couple gets divorsed after 10 years of marriage.
I'm trying to write a journal about an article from a magazine for English leaners, but I don't have enough time to post it.
TOEIC Test... TOMMORROW!!!
TOEIC test is coming tommorrow.
I will get a perfect score on it tommorrow and it will be my last time to take it!!
I can enjoy dating her at the amusement park, concert hall, and movie theatre/ theather etc.
Hi =) I'm 15 years old, I'm studdying at school.
Its situated near the Caucasus mountains, in a beautifull green valley.
Welcome to our hospitable land of enchatment:)
I like dancing and photoshop.
People want a reason to decide, when they choose one product amonga lot of other products.
``Do u think u could go a little`` slowlier ``.
in that sentence, why can't I use ``more slowly`` instead of ``slowlier``?
When I was young, I lived in a small ge villege.
So, I couldn't watch movies in a theater untill I was 16 years old.
I've just resistered for lang-8.
I am a Japanese naitive speaker.
I haven't decided when I will take my summer vacation, but I'm thinkng of going on a trip to Taiwan.
Today I'm a bit depressed, because in recent days I have sent lots of E-mails to lots of design companys in the hope that during the upcoming summer vacation there will be a internship position for me.
But I haven't recieved any satisfactory replys so far.
What I am worring about is that if I can't find an internship position this summer in Shanghai, then I have to go back home and stay there the entire vacation.
After I had done trancery I took pictures of it.
Hakubutsukan wa totemo sugokatta desu;D
I had to put all my heart into reading, so that I could konw what my friends said in their softblog.
``tommorow is another day``
Hello everbody!
I think it's a very good idea (I'm talkin about the community), and of course, any help you can need if you are learning spanish, you can ask me.
bussiness (on Sundays) is banned by the law.
It's one of the biggist culture-shocks for me.
I was so surprised that kind kind people on this site Lang-8 corrected my English immediatry after I wrote down my first entry.
She is a very possitive person and she is always on my side.
There you can find a range of meanings for the word that you want to learn. Also, there are many samples of sentences which can help you to understand in wich situations it would be better to use that word.
After that, I'm going to study English in ECC schooi.
farst time!!!
We are enjoying it and undersrand ``Japanese love festival!``
maybe I won't be engaged in the design industry in the futrue.
I was only for a short time in the city to buy vegetables and choclate;) I need chocolate to reduce stress;) And now it's time to go to bed.
You cook galic and oil on the stove in a pan, then put the chili paste in it.
It was pretty spicy, so you need rice and cabbege.
I often go to the restauraant because the prices are reasonable and the food is delicious.
I like humberger or any American food, but I sometimes feel like eating Asian food so I often go to the restaurant and the Korean Restaurant near the University I am going to.
The event was canseled halfway..
Equally, I wanna cherish Japanese tradision.
But there are tradision which have to be changed.
My favarite movie is ``step brother`` with him in it.
This stoies is that Will Ferrell acted as childish and he still doesn't get a job even though he's about 40 years old.
I'm looking forwad to this movie DVD on sale.
And I want to make many forign frends.
The holidays is called Golen Week in Japan.
I started my serious English lerning, so I search for a method to the best& quick type of learning English...
My tougue still hurts.....
Also I wish to emprove my English, especially in reading literature, because this is hard for me.
All the scenes have meening.
Since a boy transfered to our class, my friends 'things are stoled.
But, how can I acept what he does?
I want everyone to check my grammer:D
And I look forward to drinking with the teachers becaouse I promised them to drink with them someday.
By the way, not with the children, difinitely!
Heloo!
I'm a cooffee shop waiter.
so I just smile smlie smlie... (haha)
Now, my favourite things are cups of coffe and coloured markers.
They are also asking citiznes and enterprises to save electricity.
Recentry, I run every morning.
I returened to Japan this morning.
However, I want to write dialy on lanf-8 as much as I can!
At first I got very neverous about driving a car, but after practicing and practicing, I felt that driving is not as difficult as I thought, and I get more confident that I will pass the exam.
Recentry, I haven't been able to get up on time.
Folliowing the situation, there was also a lot of garbage.
I will abolutely suceed in my life...
Because vegitables are cheaper there than at the supermarket.
I can conect to Lang-8 easier now, than this morning.
But/ However, they had a lot of motivation to learn about foreigh coutries even though they couldn't speak English.
But this is good that I was able to run after a source of jQuery slowly and carefully.
Days of the week: Monday, thusday, wendsday, thirsday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
they lable the phonetic symbols beside the chinese characters.
all chinese students, once they start school, begin to leanr pinyin first for 3 months or even more
Maybe, the advertising company aims to change telecom from docomo and au to SoftBank.
In Japan, many family use same telecom company in order to reduce the cost.
Excuse my long abscence! =) I didn't plan be offline for so long.
However, all my problems are solved and now I `have another litle problem-I can` t imagine what to tell you...
Every day pesses as usual and there is no spesial events that I can write to you about.
Unimaginablely! However, in 30 minutes, I must go to class.
The most interesting thing about this course is my teacher always presents something about foreign countries like America, Frence.. etc
Sometimes, a person's feelings may be influenced by the weatherin.
So I tell myself to keep this mentality to confront everything, whatever success or failureand, I will gain more in the end.
I realize that I would cherich those who are optimistic and confident, and who enjoy doing something new, worry less about failure. They see in every activity the process of self-discovery and self-fullfillment that cannot be measured by an exam. Lovely sentences.
Today's topix is about my son.
My only concern is that his parents won't allow us to get marrige.
If there are any mistakes or suggetions, please let me know.
Actually, it's ok if nobody helps me!!
I'm still studying English, and I'd like to improve my knowledge with some tecnics or activities, that's why I would like if some of you could share with me any experince that have helped to improve your English.
If there were only one language in the world, its culture, which includes people's thinking habits, customs, and religion, would become more and more homogenious.
I tried to write about SUMMER SONIC the other day, but I delited it.
I will try to write that again soon, so please waite.
Well, the project can fit into the category of Design Improvement; the main point of the project is to invent something new or improve someting that already exists.
I'm studying engkish in Korea.
By the way, resently I have been very busy; I have a lot of assignments and I've been studying for tests at university.
I started to feel dispressd and annoyed about my studies.
It was very much exciting to interact with people from other coutries.
I should have beem much more modest...
I wonderd how she's thinking now in the current status.
First, I missed my bus because I slpet in.
This was an unforgetable wonderful journey.
This mornig is the most chilly when I came here!
I was surpriesed because I had always thought that the seasons here are warm.
because they have a lot of assignments and have to reviw many study materials.
Are you influenced by economic crisis? And what infuence has been brought to your country?
Yestarday, there were such big hurricanes in Japan, and a lot of poor public transportation services such as the trains and buses.
because I `m very interested in forigen cuntry..
and I wnat to make friends..
and I wnat to talk to new friends..
I wnat to speak freely to new friends..
aekwondo is my favorite sport..
(I have a sa dan license in/ for aekwondo)
I have to memorize my line because there will be a play on October 24th, at my shcool.
Anayway, it's about time (for me) to go to bed..
It doesn't make any sence...:(
Even if it is a small thing, I think a positive mind is importnat.
And My strong point is Kiness.
So I alwyas think about how I can be active.
Please fix my wrting.
It's no exaggeration to say that Japanese English leaners have studied English for many years to obtain high marks on this test.
Even if we study English hard for two hours alsmost everyday, it will take us more than 1000 days.
But after a few days, I made some Enghlish speaking friends whose Chinese was quite good. (was is right)
They always write some sentences with complecated logic.
I need some inspiration when the sentenses or words deserve a better translation.
I was afraid that the autor would be confused when there were so many editions, too.
We had to guess what the autor meant and then made them into a sentence.
With the scar, I made less and less corretions.
I found that I have forgotten many beautiful words after studying in a university because we can't use them in a sceince article.
but what the hell is worng with me?
I hopefull it will work for me!
When I was chatting with my Amedrican friend, I only said ``I see`` and my friend said that it was a ``conversation killer!.``
How rideculous, I can't belived it!
So, it is defficult for me to use English.
Ive been in L.
so I counld understand what he said.
I counldn't respond to his question!
My job is to treat guests by showing coureteous service and make them pleasant and happy.
From now on, I have to prepair myself for the upcoming examinations.
How I wish that someone could repalce me.
During the winter, I had a good apptite and I ate delicious foods.
I will be glad to make friends here. Please help me with my English writting.
Cybercrime is a crime which involves stealing intellectural property from a computer in a work space.
rainging on Sunday
The weather is so changable here...
But I did it becacuse I believed him.
I need to imform evrybody that I'm all right.
Although we just said and done something stupid, I still really enjoied it.
I am preparing for the English songs competition and the following is what I wtote for the contest.
Welcome to the English songs competition held by Shaking English and suported
Last but not least, boys and girls, I think you deserve a big round of applause as well, for being such a good audienceGood. Thank you very much!
I have been having it sice I was 20 year-old.
The youth don't understang how inportant to choose a job in a careful way!!
I taked about a Manga Cafe yesterday, I'll continue to write about it.
I got marriaged fourteen years ago, but I don't live wirth my family.
It's about 60 miles from Fukuoka City to my workplace, so I can't commute from my condminium.
I come back to my condominium from my workplece only once a month.
However, giving your children a good educetion is important too.
I ate many vegitables.
I bought many vegitables at a 30% discount at a nearby supermarket.
At first they sent me a package which included one guide book for the course, two technique books for paintings, one skechbook and five envelopes.
Until now, I have drawn a sweet potato, a green pepper, a carot, a tomato, an egg plant, a mashroom and a lemon.
My favorite hobbies are shiopping and reading books.
However, I have a broblem.
Besides, think more befor what I `ve done,
It was really a wonderful soccor game which could represent the top-level in Asia.
Through this game, I thought that Asia's soccor had made big progress in the last five years.
What a pity that Chinese soccor couldn't develop as much as Korea and Japan.
It was really a wonderful game however the refree's calls were disputful.
The volunteer work is basicaly something like this: When tourists ask how to get to their destinations, we show them how.
And the girl (or woman, more accurately), who is much younger than me, was very cute and nice, and we talked about a lot of things, such as work, marrige, siblings, friends, etc.
It takes about 5 mitutes by train from my station.
I want to write something about foreign country's fastivals this week, but I don't know much about them.
For exsample getting lost, not having strict manners in trains, missing an associate and communicating with the Japanese.
But contrary to what this video shows/ says/ implies, in most public spaces in Japan, scuh as stations, you can get information in English.
I am looking forad to meeting them.
I went to yoyogi park for Hanami last satruday.
At first, I doubted that she had a dislocation of the hip but as I contined checking her, I started to think that her hip joint was OK and I started to treat her.
Under normal circumstances it's me who should be putting some pocket money here but unfortunately I have no mony at all at the moment.
If hard disk is encrypted, it will be diffcult to salvage your data from the hard
Northeastern Asia consists of China, Japan, and Korea (including Norht Korea and South Korea).
I think the four countries shuold work together and make a good relationship with each other, remove prejudice and misunderstanding.
Thanks Door for ur (your) recommondation.
I am studing commerce in Melb.
Although I have some friends who have been there for 7-8 years from their high school and who knows a lot abt the city.
On my vecation, I plan to spend my vecation in LA.
The next day, I went to Universal Stedio, which is in the hoolywood area.
The day after, I went to Vince Betch, which is on the west coast of LA.
I had an enjoybal time in LA.
Some of them who haven't gotten serious damage this time say that the buildings are paid for by national taxes which all the citizens paid, so the authorities don't need to build (the) accomodations if [6] the refugees don't want to live there (anyway).
Questions in my wookbook
Doubting/ Questionning myself..
I hope to find a pefect one.
Deserts cover most of the Arabic lands, so the animals in it are very spicial.
Camels are very expinsive.
I remeberd when I saw a black camel. Its value was 15 million Saudi Riyal (1 dollar equal 3. 75 riyal).
Camel riding is a vey enjoyable adenture!!
Allah taght about Camels in the Qura 'an:
To read more about Araboc Camels:
I splept with the electric fan turned on and yesterday the weather was bad so I shouldn't have turned the electric fan on, but I took hot bath and I was hot.
In Taiwan, most parents want thier children to attend high school.
Many bosses think that a bachelor's degree is not important, they look at character, professional skills, the ability to handle stress, teamwork, ect.
In adition, why should these students follow their parents 'oder?
I wish all students could do what we wnat and be successful.
I am a salior, and I had to go on a trip today.
I drave the ship out to sea.
now I'm precticing road rules...
Maybe a lot of peaple will be lacking sleep tomorrow.
Of course, I never donete blood.
:) Becouse I'll have to take an exam, but I don't know when (,) yet.
These American novels remind me that poeple must always keep clear mind and be kind.
All the professors have gone to a conference so I have a bresk.
So, I visited two travel agancies.
at a bus stop I got off to transfar in minus 20 degrees.
I'll never forget the experienss.
Actually this is my secound winter in Canada.
I want to listen my favorite music all day and do anytihig I want, not just sit in an office like a doll.
The grass will cover my sweet soid.
3, How dou you like me? How do you like him?
A sharp decrease in the number of chilldren and the aging population as a result of longer life expectancy in recent years have created many problems.
I rode with it and started to peddal....
Nawadays, I also have to do it in my college with my friends.
So now I am going to show you. hei, I had so much fun.
We talked about a lot of things but I couldn't catch what my friends were saying sometimes because I didn't understand, so I just smaile and laughed at myself.
After that she went to do yoka while I went home still very full.
Although you would want to meet your family, anybody won't tolerate your action, because your office is always on labor shortage to reduce personnel expenses.
. All the people there are foriener.
Bcause I can catch my teacher's pronaunseation.
On the other hand, when we take a indirect lighting, we can feel lelax and become more creative.
Thank you for reading my dirly.
It is realy difficult for us!!: <We talked about each other's pronunciation.
It is impossible to select music, so it is not useful to studing English.
This is just subconcsious, but it is working all the time in my life.
6pm to 0am, I am working for Okonomiyaki resutaurant then....
To studing English effectively, we have to find a partner who knows the language we are learning and our native language.
I have no time to sleep, but summer vacation is comimg soon:)
Throught my kitchen window I can see two big feet hung from the balcony above. My upstairs neighbour hangs Father Cristmas from her balcony each year, and the feet cut off the view from my kitchen.
I can wear a T-shirt and harf pants.
After that, we went to the Brooklyn bridge and acrossed it.
The most famous ones are Suzu-mushi, or bell-ring insct, Koorogi, or cricket, and Kantan, or white cricket.
I ate very clean, I cutted out all white carbohydrates, soda, sugar, and fat from my diet.
Not only for myself, but also for my mother. (because she have bouggt me up until now)
One was a friend (of mine) when I was a universty student, and the other was the agent of my life insurance.
After seeing the Buddaha and deer, we went to take a Purikura.
Last year, I was a call agent on telefon line and sometimes I had to talk in English.
This morning, I read an article in the news regarding marriage; it said that women in Japan want to marry men who receive at least three-million yan a year.
I heard a story from my client about internatinal marriage.
Though I think it's culture, I would like to know more practicise details.
I think they just marely can read, write, speak and listen to English.
I hope that many students in Japan are intersted in English and master English as soon as possible.
For that reason (will), I study Englsh hard now.
But, I'm not going to go becaouse the ceremony is only for family members.
I like simple phisical works.
I want to be a television jouralist.
I think ``correspondent`` sounds more proffessional than a ``reporter``.
Most people have attacked head coach Okada on the internet before, and the edia doesn't usually release complimentary news articles about him.
I understand when people speak it, but I sometimes have some difficults with speaking.
I'm a university student, and I major in Chenese Literatre,
It's not just true for Japanese, but for any other langeages.
In (the) winter season, I often want to eat hot soup with chiken and lots of vegetable.
I like winter sports, expesially snowboarding.
I chose the Erasmushogeschool Brussels in Belgium because the Translation and Interpreting porgramme offered at that university coincided with one I am studying at the Baltic International Academy.
One semester of studies in Brussels left me with unforgetable memories and valuable experiences.
The tenants were students from European countries like Greece, the Chech Republic, Turkey, Lithuania, Estonia, Germany, etc.
Secondly, the courses I chose to do at the Erasmushogeschool were useful, as I was taught the histrory of Great Britain and the USA, English for Academic purposes, English for Cultural awareness, English grammar and lexis and German language.
Finally, Brussels is a beatiful, picturesque city to visit with numerous parks and museums.
Maybe now is not a very good time for relaxe but I have decided to take it.
The unstability of the state of atmosphere shows with the changing the season, I guess.
However, as for me, I've abstained from a booze-like matter for more than five years, after I decided there's more to life than just drinking and getting temporaly happyness.
Because I like tea and coffee, which cause stains, it may cause my teeth get a little colored.
Please teach me about English grammer.
What is the difference between these twi sentences?
Obviously, we missed each ither very much.
But what was saddenig was one of my friends was not with us as he was in National Service.
I got to know that the earth is spinnig a bit slower this year, so we counted from 11109, 8............. until the firecrackers came into sight. (until, till)
she may be jokking.
I get so much presssure from the environment hat I have stomachaches every day.
Today, I had my first classes at Osaka universty.
In high school, one class lasted 55 minutues, but in university, a class lasts 90 mitutes.
I have to get up early in the morning tommorow to not be late for my first class.
I practiced boxing with my freind
My freind is trying to become a boxcer.
My most favolite (or favourite) song is ``Lovers Again``.
I was sleeply during my afternoon class.
I think maiking relationships and maiking new friedns and chasing your dream is the most importnat things in my life.
It's been long time sinece I wrote my last diary.
I think (or hope) that some people also know about the problems caused by American souldiers (or their families) and the pain they inflict on the Okinawan people.
An Okinawan guy, who was on the way to a Coming of Age Celemony.
The first picture above is my family's dalls.
There are five dalls and two steps.
I'm going to traning tonight.
the frist note
By the way, I finished reading ``HARYY POTTER and the Chamber of Secrets,`` a few days ago, which was very enjoyable, and now I'm reading ``HARRY POTTER and the Prisoner of Azkaban.``
A guy named Sirius Black is aftre Harry.
I hope that I will make many good frieds, and I also hope that there will be a lot of friends from all over the world who will help me improve my Englis.
Thak you!
It's very sinple but a very excting game!
Today I cleard a new song.
This song is one of the most difficult song in te game.
I'm very glad to have cleard it and I love ``Evans``! very cool song!
I usually eat lunch in the office but today I went out to a restaurant with with my female collegues.
The Spaghette was good too, but the portions were so big that we couldn't eat it all.
So, we ended up lefting a little food behind.
Espesially vocabulary.
It's a very small house, just two room inside, 5 familly there but many korean students live like me.
It's 2 years since I have been saperlate from par, mam and my brother.
freinds and cats have solaced me and that is better then living alone.
Someday I want to live in a city like Samchengdong, I have just been there onece, but it was really cool and fantastic!
I have never been in a korea city like there.
It's the very fusion of traditional and morden and truly clorful.
Franklly speaking, I am the kind of guy who gets tired of anythig really quickly. Also, I find writing in English very complicated.
It seems like such a long way to go but each of us is strugging.
Every day, my parents feed chiken, ducks, pigs and fish.
Go somewhere I have neven seen.
Today, we studied the culture of America in class. At the begainning of the class, we learned about early American history. The first stage was is the colonial period of time which began 1607.
Beacuse the cinema requires silence.
But why are they becoming popular in foregin countries?
Could you help mechoose the right one to use in a sentence? Is is 'She did not fully appresicate the value of the environment`` or ``she did not enough appresicate the value of the environment:?
I'm like a profecional player.
What's your all time favarite sport?
If they really understand the meanig of 'eating meat',
Beautiful world, now I am exthousted but....
I feel really sorry for my friends that are waitng for my pictures.
Especially listenig!!!!
The purpose is to tell the pearents about their student's school life, and to know about their student's home life.
We noticed that the weater was getting better as we were leaving the store.
Article 128.-The Inter-Secretarial Commission will promote a program for the formation of mutual organizations and insurance funds with self-insurance functions under the relevant laws, in order to facilitate the access of producers to the insurance service and to generalize thei coverage.
Osaka university's professor Ishiguro invented an advanced humonoid robot.
It is like skype, but a humonoid robot.
It's the purpose of this humonoid robbot.
I ordered a dagital camera last week.
I look forward to taking pictures of many beautyful seens.
Good owner, good co-workers and good enviroment where I can practice to speak English.
I drank 2 cups of coffee and ate 3 peices of chocolate.
What happend last Friday
We were looking forward to seening her since 3 weeks ago.
It turned out that she had changed her hairstyle and her teacher put heavy madeup on her.
But some childern were clamming up or cryning.
It apears that they (the children) were unsightly.
I also met my parents and reltives.
I like to eat umeboshi, mozuku (like seaweed), and fried chikien!
because I don't knouw!
It takes at least 15 mins to get there.
Which are reading, writting, and listening.
Yesterday, I cought a cold.
I'd like to contribute to treatments of deseases through my work on neurophysiology some day.
The orginal version of this song has been recorded by the American rock band Journey, written by Steve Perry a member of this band.
However, when my leg first stepped out of my room on the way to complain about this to the hostel office, my cool mature roomate stopped me.
``The ture man will never be afraid of the little insect.`` said he with a calm voice, ``I used to be biten by the insect too, but now they cannot harm me any more, coz I have already grown a layer of iron skin``
hobby: driving, nico nico douga (plemium member), and so on...
Becouse, I finished English school this Friday.
prease help me!!
Does the H1N1 flu cause issues in your contries too?
Anyway, I hope everybody on lang-8 can be healty without getting sick:-)
I was very nervous befor thant.
He tested my pratical knowledge of MS Excel.
I tought: ``I can really work in the real company!
I ccoked alot of summer vegetables.
In other words, the meaning is hard for a little child to understand but I have to say the molody was terrific.
Can you hellp me? If you can hellp me, the best method is to give me money: $ 200000.
becouce mistake might...........
They are kind of loosers in Japan like me.
I will endure for them, but instead I shoud find something to be happy for myself.
Althougt I 've studied English since I was in elementary school,
I reall want to be a good English writer.
I will introduce to evryone my favourite Japanese artist.
My friend will already be getting merried.
Bless my friend, I hope people who read my diary conglratulate him...
Prease would you become my friend? ``
It was a plate of salad and spagetti.
I like that menu, however, I have an allegy to curcumber and tomatos.
I fogot to tell the chef to avoid that food.
There were no curcumber and tomatoes.
The chef knew about my allegy.
My son is only four yeras old, so he is too young to feed the larvals well.
Then, about two weeks ago, the larvals hatched and become a pair of beetles.
Last week, I suffered from a terrible baskache.
As summer is coming, cockroaches appear in kitch, my room, everywhere.
I've heard that they can survive eating dandruf and dust on the floor.
Although I vacuume the floor out almost everyday, I find one or two every week.
I set them in every room and expect them to sweep all of the cockroarches out.
So today class is starTodayting at 9: 20.
It was quater to one.
So I hope to find a English naitive speaker for a language exchange.
For me, it would be an enriching experience and an honor to contribute with my voice to the World Youth Choir, wich is a well recognized organization.
Maybe my interner clock has already been welcoming this happy occasion.
After I wnet home, I continued the study in two's complement and I finally understood it.
Main characters are John and Nerson.
John is trying to kill Nerson in prison for revenge.
He has been put into prison three times by Nerson's father.
But Nelson's sfather died suddenly, so John changed his target to the son.
John tries to kill Nerson in many ways.
But ironically, Nerson, who was really weak at first, rises up through the traps set by John.
Even Nerson's penpal, who is only about 6 years old, reads aloud a letter from Nerson which includes lots of bad language, in front of his classmates at school.
In such a situation, all of the characters do their best for their own purpose, but really, they're all just funny regardless of whethe they accomplish their purpose or not.
That's becaus I can't imagine living in such a hursh world like the one in the prison in the movie.
They turn their harsh situiation into a funny one with their expressions.
I was busy finding a job, treaveling, fishing with friends, etc.
Walnats bread? Bread with walnats? Bread in walnats?
It was walnats bread.
As you know well, this is a tarditional tactic for us.
She is realy an outstanding girl, and because of this your friends would be jealous of her.
But ``or`` shouldn't be at the biginning of the sentence, should it?
I am writing a diary in English beause I have a few penpals and I want to improve my English.
Introduction to my houmetown.
ceause there are only a few.
Last night, after the Christmas Party (a little bit early, isn't it?) held by the school, we drove to Jiaushi, Yilan (northen Taiwan) to enjoy the hot spring.
Unfortunatly, all the rooms were full.
We had a very brief sightsee in Jaiushi downtownthen, then went home in tears... (j/ k)
I hadn't exercised since march this year, because I am suffering from acute muscler pain now/ at the moment.
I think it's TERRIBEL!
He didn't call me althoght I texted him like ``Have a great night Joey``
Oh I mede a new Blog account!
And I want to go to a good univercity! I am studing hard in math, Chinese, English and so on.
I am busy everyday, but I feel very hapy, but I think my English is not very good, I want to make a pen-friend!
At the same time, they are producing water polution and causing desertification.
he is the opresident of his company.
It was faster than I thougt.
But she must be a kute girl who has style.
It's nice to practice writting through the Internet. It's uncommon to do this kind of thing out of school.
I have never continued writting blog or something over half a year.
Ieven though I've only worked in that company for three days, I felt that I was wokrling in hell.
For my better future, the fisrt thing tomorrow is to call my boss, to tell him my decision.
But I hane no friends who speaks English natively, so my English is not that good yet X (
In fact, I want to go there with my freiend, but I don't have one yet.
I think the Bund is an intesesting and beautiful place.
When I was a littlt girl, my grandpa always said to me, cherish everything you have now, and be a happy person.
Life is like a long journey with many challenges and difficults, and many times we can't change that fact, but we can change our mind and thoughts, think differently, and dont get upset, try ur best to face it, solve your problems bravely, and I believe we can see the sunshine after the rain, that we need to cherish everything, only the small things matter, they can change a lot, even our lives.
I thank my parents, they gave me a healthy body, and they support me no matter what difficults I meet. I thank my friends, when I feel lonely, they always spend time with me, share their joys with me, and make my life more wonderful. I thank nature, it gives me air, sunshine, the blue sky, rainy days, and a great mood everyday. I thank society, it's like a big family, and apply many ways for me to look for (unsure what you mean). I thank strangers, althought we don't know each other, when we are in trouble, the hands are always around us, and lastly, I thank myself, I let my family members feel happy, and make my friends have someone to share their tears and joys with....
You have to be responsibal for yourself.
I think everyone is faced with a barrie of the language at some point, but it may entail a lot of culture difference as well as those of the grammar or pronunciation.
I will persist in writting in English and in anyother languages as well.
Races in Northen America are not good for people in Japan because of the time difference.
I have thought about camping for a long time, but because of my ecnomic problems, I have to put it off.
I went to China town in Yokohama on New years eve and celebrated the new yeare there.
That's why I desided to write a diary.
in the proess of globalization, the developing countries dind not share the achievement of their economic development.
Secondly, economic globalization results in the instablity of the economy in the developing countries.
facial expressions of shop assistances, their manner of speech, from overhearing of businessmen talking and the like...
for instance, shop assistances used fixed formal phrases.
This time, I bought many clothes and I already regrette having bought some of them, which happens each time I go to the sale.
Especilly after I finished my work it tastes wonderful.
I am always drinking Tiger beer when I was living in Singgapore.
Anyway, this is so famous in Japan that banaa used to sell out lol If u are interested in this, try it ~ I've never tried it though ~)
This cream puff was handmaded by my colleague.
My japanese is so poor but he is patient and cafully translates japanese into English.
He decided to posion them.
Anyways, it is extremely crucial for me to decide what it is that I realy want to achieve!
Even if I'm a millionare, it would mean nothing if I wasn't happy.
Oh, I just remebered another important idea I learned from books.
because it was not important to my life when I staied in china.
I went to Grouse Monuntain to climb with my host father.
Mt Grouse is a very popullar mountain in Vancouver.
I also paracticed the making of Zonbi today.
I'm looking foward to the Zonbi Walk.
I want to talk about movies or soccre with you.
I lakce hors and cooking.
I lakce wochen TV.
And what do you lakce?
Our class has Korean, Japenese, and Taiwanese.
My teacher is an Aamerican.
I must resarch fashion by the magazin.
The industry of my choice is a firm company, marin or an air transportation company and hotel.
Maywa Denki, one of the artists who displayed work in this exhibition, declared thier concept to be ``Device Art``.
In such relations, devices are mere tools, being the subject to make the contens.
Only the contens is regarded as art.
I am not very familiar with contemporary, so it's difficult for me to understnad this sentence.
Do I have an advantage for learnihg foreign languges? (I'm not sure how to correct your second sentence)
Citizen watches Japan cannot suuply the parts only.
I'm working as a telephone ooerator.
but pay is realatively good and, physically, its not a hard job. Best of all, I work short hours!!
Please tell me if the things I write don't meke sense.
Japanese restraunt ``saizeriya``
I went to the Japanese restraunt ``saizeriya`` today.
It is a very reasonably-priced Italian restraunt.
When I am sad, I always count my fovorite things.
(I didn't know the parts were still in there) I guess he didn't make a full recovery, but he looks fine when dacing.
Unfortunately, we cannot talk to the animals b 'cuz (because) we use differnt languages.
I usually realted aliens with everything around me.
I think taking photos is good for improving your sence of
I belive in heaven and I also belive in hell.
I've never seen either but I belive they exist.
They have to exsit, because without heaven and without hell, we are all just heading for limbo after death.
The places have indentical features.
English is preety hard!
I wil do my best in order to achieve my goal starting from RIGIHT NOW!
Singapore people who lived one generation before started usesing that language.
The Pronouncication, accent and rhythm of the language are very different frome English which we have learned until now.
Yeserday I listened to this song on You Tube.
When I was leaving the car park, my husband adviced me advice.
I realy enjoyed this summer.
I have to practice soccer everyday, practice futsal every week, and practice aikido somcetimes.
What's the seoson in your country?
Did you know that a big typhoon is comming to Japan now?
Tomorrow maybe it will hit Jpan.
The TV darama ``OC`` is awesome!
I study english by watching the darama ``OC``. This is more natural.
My band favorite is Green Day, the best punk rock band, because they're irreverent, their lyricals are cool and their music has a lot of energy
plase correct me and thanks for reading-.-
Anyway, I am going to study English using ``BENJAMIN BATTON`` from now on!
Tomorrow I will have an English examimation.
I hesitate on what I should choise.
We had a substituce teacher, but he was nice and had a good sense of humor.
Since I read books until midnight for two consequtively days, I'm going to wrap up my entry.
I often drink hot tea, couse I have sore throat.
I think that she is a real persanality.
I laughted silently to myself when I was in the dream.
I chukled and giggled.
I hope my bad memories won't eat up the plaseure dream (in which the man loves me).
Of corce, amime is Ok.
It is wel known that English learning includes four aspects: listening, speaking, reading and writing.
I don't remember who, but someone told me that reading and writing belong to cultural aspects, while listening and speking belong to language aspects.
I major in ecomomics, and now I'm busy with group study and studying for TOEFL..
For example, I have 12 coworkers in my office, both regular and temperary exmployees.
One of the temperary workers is very dirty, lazy, and tough, so most of the other workers hate her.
Even though she realizes this, she makes no effort to change her habits to foster better ralationship with her coworkers and create a more effiecient working environment.
What I'm trying to say is, ``If you don't want to change, searh for a job more suited to you.
I was hanging around in Shinjuku after work and I saw such gougeous displays.
I wanted to watch (them) from the cafe across (the street), but unfortunately, it was fillsd to capacity.
So, I can't become the superintendent for our domitory.
Today, I watched episode 4 and 5 of the secound season.
I like cerina.
Who is the actress who plays cerina?
the class always stresses me because I teach students who prepare for university enterance examinations. (It's very difficult and important for them in Korea)
I told them I was planning to go abroad to study Englsh.
but I don't get any chances to speak English or Japanese at my workplace and I'm not satisfied with my currnt job.
This is my farst time going to ita.
Nobody understands hou I feel.
Yesterday my friends and I played baskerball in the park.
When we played basketball my friend hitted my head.
When we rested netx to the basketball area,
The fateher played with his son and the mother just sat on the bench
I played the pianno with my daughter in the concert for the first time yesterday.
I admitt that not every piece of Seth Rogan's is as brilliant as Superbad or Juno.
Are people in modern society losing thire moral values?
Every year, bullying at school occurs and it doesn't seem to disapper, rather it's becoming worse because there are some students who committed suicide after being bullied and the way of bullying is becoming terrible.
There are some pople who talk so loud (OR loudly) with thier movile phone in trains or buses, not considering other people around them.
Also... I don't know diffference between ``memory`` and ``rememberance``
I stird and cried.
There are many many tradional summer festivals.
I recently went to bed late so I am worring about my lifestyle.
But until now, I don't tihink reading English articles is very easy.
Did you see Avator?
I used to read fiction when I was young had a lot of free freetime.
The method is good. I study about 1 hour a day and write with native spekears.
By the way, I would like to know Jiro Shirasu which made the biggest impact in the world aroud 1950.
Plese chack it.
I went back to my farher and mother's (parent's) home.
Then she craped her small hands and swayed to the song.
I'm very excited about my firast diary.
Then I ran arround the park near our appartment.
I had a good time eating the delicious piza with the group.
Recentry I've busy so I could 't write a diary.
I've been studing English for years and have just started learning Spanish.
I also recived the high school entrance examination results, and I passed.
I like eating and travlering.
and somestime I would feel shy. Maybe I fear have a fear of making mistakes.
I watced the movie ``UNSTOPPABLE``
A repairman came to check the air conditionar in the morning.
He found that one of the possibilities was a short voltage of the remote controler.
Jim Parsons's Smail is Cute. XD
I emailed that to them on last Saturday (their Friday night), that I asked them to accepet for me to stay at their home again.
However, they didn't reply anyting to me until Monday morning (their Sunday night).
I worried that they will have some trablesome thing during the days which I expected to stay, so they were not able to reply to me.
She didn't read my e-mail until when I calld to her, and pleased to accept my request for an accomodatin in their home again.
I cannt say it well in English.
such as learning phrasal verb, curren Enlglish, Grammar etc.
Well, what I can do with myself? However, I agrue with my teacher...
What about our new English books? I'm starting a book caled '' Laser B1 ''.
Although my English level is very low, I would like to comunicate with many people.
Thouge there was also an unnatural scene, it was very interesting.
My favoritte school subjects are biology and mathematics.
My favoritte TV show now is My name is Earl.
It was a good exerpricence for me.
We couid divide business items.
Good moning.
First I watched Love acutually, of course it was the English version.
Q10: Who is the most interesting person in your familly?
interesiting in an unexpected, sudden situation.
Andyway, that's why I like him.
In my futuer
I'm sophomore a at Kyouto Notredame Universary in Japan.
There are some students who want to be a teacher, OL or technitian.
They are studing to acheive their dream.
I thought about how can I could improve my eglish level during vacation.
It is to chat with forginers who can speak English!!
But I also think that teathers and parents should give children diverse education so they can have great lives.
I felt nervous, froustrating, heart's throb.
but when I was preparing the competitions I was nervouse and I felt fresh when the competiton was finished.
and I have to do my math homwork, and to study many subjects.
I take it regulary, usually twice a year, in order to check my level of English.
It is totally amaging because she was speaking with her own words at this speach.
Anyway, I think everyone should see it onece.
It has made me a littele confused.
His work is so popular in the world that he has many funs.
When I wathed this, I thought this could be quite an innovation.
At the same time, I thought of some problems and am still thinking of soluthions for them.
we were singing and playing and eating the buffe for about 5 hours.
February 24 is the birthday of 25 yeras!!
Keigo Higashino is a genious.
His stories alwase amuse and surprise me.
However, I still used it because I am not yet finished to write my journalal entry.
I have read a book a bit because I have travaled all day.
I thoght, I will be late.
When I got to my office, the morning meeting had alredy started.
I must admit that I didnt `t do anything throughout the holiday except
Harry discovered he is a isPsychopathy.
How much syrub?
I don't know how to express my oppinion.
Ah, I want check the grammar or seneteces but I have no time, but I have to earn the money for a beer.
She said that from that moment I had become hers and noone other's.
There are no differents because it's still Asia.
confuse: Both of them told me different imformation about the nuclear plant, so I was confused.
compete: 57 succer teams will compete against each other this summer.
In the moring, I see many Chinese college students reading
This is a Korea's tranditional day.
On this day, we celebrate our harvest and we show our respection to our ancestors by a special ceremony.
On this day, we also face the worst traffic jame.
For example, it usualy takes 5 hours from Seoul to Busan by car,
This is a culcural difference.
so I'm disapointed about this.
There were so many people in a narrow room that I'm slightly worried about the infection of swine ful now.
We just walked around the bottem. (???)
And I think he is laerning and coming to understand a lot of things.
I will travel abload.
They strengthen our interpersonal relationships, seld-confidence, and allow us to gain more knowledge and friends.
Recentry, There was a big earthquake in Japan.
We appriciate very much.
Unfortunately, even if I explain about the movie well, the reader (I mean the friends of mine who will correct this.. ^ ^) will have difficuly understanding the story of the movie.
I recommend this movie to all of you interesied in traditional Korean culture.
I got up at 12: 00 pm and I was just a couch-popato all day.
Maybe it's becasue I really hate my future speciality and don't want to be a programmist (I'm the one of that persons who go to university just to get diploma).
We got acqainted with each other through the on line community named ``mixi``, which is like ``Facebook`` in the U.
Gakkai is Japan's largest religion, based on buddism.
She is allgedly a bit older than me and working for elementary school in Osaka.
It was umfamiliar to me, as I was born and raised in Tokyo.
A further reason why I want to do this is to get used to writing English essays without the hessitation of choosing the words and structures of my sentences.
While my boss is away from the office I tried to use his machen to make a cup of coffee.
So when he came back from abored I can brew one for him.
I tried to go to a Bikram Yoga class, but, regrettabley, I didn't join it.
I CNNNOT WAIT! (typo)
The first, I live in a rented (rentend) house.
My price is more expensive than their budjet,
Pic3: How to creat GDP?
I had paellas of seafood and chickin.
I suddenly changed direction intentionally, and then fortunately I managed to avoid the picer.
Anyway, Barcelona was gread place with good sunshine.
I'm sorry for my Englich =)
I want to learn spanish because I may take spanish for my foreign classes, but I am afriad because I've never learned spanish before...
Because my climbing shoes storetched, I bought new shoes.
They were worriors wondering around the magic world at least during the play.
Our journey in the D& D world shall be updated in consistence with our actuall progress.
I'm a Japnese woman.
She is jist 3 years old, so that she could not understand what the TDL is and almost all the activities.
Then I came back home, went to au shop to fix my phone, because my cellephone has something wrong with the connecting.
If it is tlansrated straighly into Japanese, it means ``anata wa shitteiru``.
I have a hadache, but I don't know the reason why.
or, relieafness after finishing some work?
I've read many books on how to study English efficiently, but I havn't focused as much on speack English well.
On the second day, we went to an iland that is near the Kota Kinabaru we went by boat.
Then we returned to the hotel and we had a nup.
Then we reluxed and had a massage.
I then asked the staff `What do you recomend?''
Yesterday I presentated my graduate thesis.
The economy of Philippiens is developing but they have a crisis.
1: Put the following five animals in order of prefernce
Look at the explantory note below.
Today I went to see the hospital because of nusal inflammation.
I had an allergy teesting with my blood last week.
When I bought ``How to Speak Enblish in Three Months``,
that envplop was still sealed.
Nothing isn finished and nothing has changed my English skill.
My favoraite book is ``TOEIC elderman 755 points clear!``
# 2 to watch CSI maiami and I will writet that strory lines in my words.
Anyway I have to sotp buying English books, text books, etc.
I leart English long ago (when I was still at school) but since then unfortunately I haven't used English.
I decided to start guiter, and I joined a music club at another colledge.
My senior said ``I advise an early start on guiter and you should buy a guiter in which the price is between 70000en and 80000en``
Finaly, I called my mother, she said ``Oh!
She instructioned me to call her friend, who was a professional guiterist.
He told me his favor internet-shopping site where he bought his guiter.
He said ``I think at first you should try to purchase a cheap one and if you think you want to play the guiter, you should buy more expensive one.``
Now, I wait for my new guiter.
Will you listen to my music, if I learn to play guiter very well? (haha)
There is the flower shop called ``Flower Factry`` near my house.
I boutght cut flowers, a poinsettia plant, a lavender plant, a rosmarinus officinalis plant, and a flowerpot.
Plese correct me.
B: If you are not talking about the IQ thing, I think I'm smart enough to say ``I don't know.`` honesetly, if I am asked that, I don't know about it.
My hasbund allows my son to take it.
They are so yammy.
Today, I found the sweet '' DOCE DE LEITE '' so yammy!
Should I go to see a docter?
My favorite team is The Tokyo Gaiants.
I'm very excitde and happy!
I was too happy to belive it.
Thay made me a cake which tasted very delicious and the decorations were also pretty.
It's raing now.
Ressently, I've researched how to study and improve my skill.
Last weekend I returned home. Since my hometown was far away from Shenzhen, I came home by trian.
Althouht I have grammar konwlegde, I still cannot write any correct sentences.
I registed for this service.
I would like to just stay at home not go hang out with my frined but I have to go and vote for the prime minister.
Why have practices like this not disuppear from Thailand? Even now, there are still a lot of problems with elections.
I thought I would remember the experince forever, because the training was so difficult for the girls.
I met a couple of CPAs and colleages who are studying hard for the CPA exams.
it's my drean xD? and now I shall go to my summer hous.
Everyone has their troubles, a positive atitude must come first!
Poteto chips
It is difficult to use a mouse or keyboard while you are using your computer and eating poteto chips,
However, it can be hassale to wipe it every time.
Oh and I forgot to say that the goal was magnificient!
I will start work as computer programer starting next April.
I am studing English and history.
one man had killed nealy 100 ppl.
Thnak you for teaching me such a funny word.
If I am not able to understand these slang, it might be difficult to comunicate with native spekers.
It is boring for me to only study gurmmer, essy, gurmmer, essy everyday.
Of couase, I know it is important to learn these things.
I went to Beijin in China for four days in this week.
mayb...
He is a Brithish writer.
Now I happend to find an ad on the Yahoo page which says that you can take a trip to an Asian country (you don't know whereabouts to go) only by paying from 18000 yen to 23000 yen.
the traditional opinion that boy is more prescious than girl has changed
Onece, he revolutionized Japanese telecommunication industry where NTT had monopolized for a long time.
He faces the opposition in his own party after he survived the no-unconfidence motion from the other parties a few weeks ago.
It's almost spirng.
Now, we are filled with concerns about the aftershoks which still continue and about radiation.
I think something will change in Japan when spring is comming.
I asked the employee at the main dest, and he came to check on the printer.
He fixed the connection in the back of the comupter, and it eventurally worked.
After the face to face interviw, I was asked to finish a written test within half an hour.
The younger sister lies in the morning, and speaks the truth in the afternnoon. (Could I use this sentence to replace my last sentence?
When I went home, I flet my body ache and my body broken machine.
Yesterday, I staty at home the whole day, I watched a film <The Devild wears Prada>.
by the way my classmates intorduce me to that film years ago,, I'm aways watching it.
It has been a very long time sice I saw snow.
My English cluse
In this university cluse, we study it by reading American comics.
The teacher in this cluse is really loves American comics.
So, every cluse, he recommends a lot of comics.
She describes the mental state of women in a vriety of situations in her songs.
They cry from the loss of love and are dilighted with new love.
My favorite tune by Maria Takeuchi is ``Sutekina Holiday (The Marvelous Horiday).
This is a Cristmas song.
this season becomes meanful.
In Japan, we differentiate between bowel trouble and stomac aches clearly.
Sometimes we feel some pains in the stomach caused by stresses and pressures like mental factors, but bowel torubles are caused by some foods
I have staied at home all day long.
The menu is fried oyster, corn cream soup, salada, and rice.
So I decied to learn English.
I'd like to tell Japanese how foreiner are interested in Japanese.
But many areas of Japan were hitted by heavy snow and caused havoc.
I juse finised to make a powerpoint for my class on Saturday.
my internet connection was lost now and wanted/ asked me to close (the window) so oh my goodness I was just writing my entry a few minite ago but I will not blem it because I am happy today and my heart is happy too.
By wathing NHK, I can watch all kinds of wonderful programs they have to offer.
Sometimes I concentrate on watching TV, writing down something that I've never heard or learning more useful expessins than I've known.
My English is teriible.
But I try and try.... then, my journal is witten up.
I hvae to eat less.
I also listen to English in a similiar way and I can't keep up with the conversation when native speakers talk.
Then the spectators were yelling at him and criticizying him severely as soon as he ended his remarks.
After that, the judge convicted him of the crime, but George didn't sucumb to the judgment and requested an appeal.
This morning, I said something wrong, and my collesgue just used it to make fun of me.
adult celemony
But there are still some problems with them, especially when taking metal ones ontrains or airplanes, because some security personnels take it as a potential threat and confiscate them.
My teeth dontn't hurt now and I'm really glad about this.
I don't have ehhough money to go shopping and it sucks.
But I didn't have any idea untill now..!!
Day 90: I see that everyone arond me seems to be more clever and more well-rounded than me.
Everyone like theyselves, living so naturally.
Calaf declares his love for the princess, but she asks him to leave. He refuses to and confesses his nombre.
However I can't kill them because it's disgusting so I always try to shoo them by using a notebook (by waving the notebook at the mosquite).
Also my friend got bitten by poisoness spider and she has a fever from its venom, which is worse than mine.
I can't keep waking with them for more than 10 minitu.
This time I bougth two mineral waters in 2 liter bottles.
The Theacher asked us, 'If your friend is wearing a new suit, what do you say in English?'.
I want to know what is your reccomendation on the places to go to, the food, the amusement and so on...
Although it's winter vaccation, it's still too lazy, huh?
s second part of school means that after summer vacation, starting new semaster.
If we want to take lectures from them or have discussions with them, obviously we have only two choices: wating for them to come to our country or going abroad to meet them.
Hence, it is better to go abroad and meet them instead of wating.
Thus, for students, especially those who want to become researchers, entering a famous foreign univercity is a good option.
In fact, I met a foreigner who had better undersanding than me about Japanese culture.
In this grobal era, it is very imporant to understaind our own country because it will help us to understand other cultures and, thus, help us broaden our horizons.
I heard from my friend that there are only a few translater in Japan.
On our way, some bicylcles appeared and caught me by surprise. The gurad tried to stop them as he told me to cross the road.
Well, we ate BBQ while talking about something interesting which happend in the junior years.
If you had misunderstood something, I would apoloy to you.
Actually, the KAIST graduate school announced the filnal result on (September?) 17th, and I got accepted into it.
Japan has been plaged by this disaster still
My sibling are growthing,
. He already has a beautiful wife and lovly daughter. Next
I don `t know why a native can pronouce this well.
But cheking their profiles, I found out most players were taller than 180 cm!!!
Polite or inpolite
The posters that appeal to people not to hoard these goods are widespread on the Internet, espicially on Twitter.
My efforts in writing and reading Japanese are a bit pathetic as of now, but even so, nobody seemd to actually mind.
I want to improve my English and talk with many forin friends.
Srimp and squid
Honestry I dont know how much like her and also I will be going to US in ougust to next march (for 7 months).
I need to say good bye as soo as possible.
I'm going to England and Itary from tomorrow to 31th.
She adviced me ``Don't hurry.
It may be found when you are thirty, fourty, parhaps now.
Of course each person had a room. 2 were New Newzealander, 2 were Japanese, one was French, and the last one was Indonesian. 2 girls and 4 guys.
We have 2 proffesional basketball leagues in Japan.
Sendai has 3 proffesional sports teams.
I beleive that sports make us energic
Some of them were put on ventilations.
I don't actually have any special hobby thing that I do regulary.
Geez, why dindn't I know that before?!
But I will go there tomorrow, even if my anckle still hurts.:P
I miss my faimly.
I have a nice faimly; there's my father, my mother, my little brother and I.
Many fathers and mothers come to school and prepare food for their chirld, but my father and my mother didn't show up.
I want to have a hoilday.
Thogh I decided to do so last year's end,
You know what happend in Japan.
The good thing is that all the entries usually have not only corrections, but commets too.
And do you knou why we call it 'wisdom' in English?
I was recomend an English dictionary from my friend.
But I may be able to learn many words from this dictionay.
He appearanced in a 600m relay race.
And I also appearanced in a ball-toss game.
Luckly, I listened to someone's speech in the evening and I finally got motivated.
Your stones can't be taken, unless they are surronded completely.
Before, I hadn't decided what carreer I would study.
I consider myself a good person who loves enojoying life and spending time in nature.
While it's always hard to deal with my studies and receive comments from a professor, to be told ``the ammount of your effort is absolutely short`` is the worst part.
It's horrible to acknowledge what I cannot do, in spite of my storong desire to accomplish it.
But a year ago, I became intersted in American movies and dramas.
I think when we learn a new languge we need something intersting.
I have a cat, fishes and chkins!
I thought it was wonderfull.
When I was a kid, I bilieave that rabits lived in the moon.
Then we started to intruduce ourselves.
I will eat less than useal at dinner, without carbos.
And so, I go to the small kitchen in the office and drink coffe.
I cooked Korean barbecue, Kimchi-tuna stir fry, Laver omlet, and
How do you learn foriegn languages?
I'm spending most of my time studying foriegn languages like English and Japanese.
I'm studying 2 Englihs vocaburary books and using a iPod application that can help me build my vocabulrary.
The key to building my vocabulrary is 'repeat' I think.
Do you alread know about this?
If you're learning Korean, I also recommand a online dictionary.
Which path to choose is very important, so it's a very difficut choice for me.
Field Surbey
I tried my best to write this a friend suppported me.
Chrysanth is typically used, but flowers such as roses or carnations should be avoided.
Second, wirte it in English.
Fortunatly, I will have a colorful holiday.
About 2 days ago, I bought a maganzine and a topic in it said many people have a problem called 'email nervious'.
I check emails everyday and handling these emails will occuipied at least 2 hours of my working day.
there were so many old people sitting around the stage where an old man was singsing with great passion.
the average age of the people was 50, of course, ecept me.
It was also interesting to see the old fashion in a club, ecept that the old people didn't like to sit on the barstools. ^ ^
In Japan, the highschool school baseball championships is especially popular, as much as professional baseball.
I think the American movies are so dinamic.
It was pretty hard for me to read, since I hadn't even read it's transtation.
Today, I visited my customers because I understand the orientaion of improving our new products.
My exeperiene in Australia
Today, I herad that he carried some heavy things from a track to places where he had to go.
I have been very busy writing a paper in order to guraduate from univercity.
It's very populer in Japan.
This book teaches you lots of Japanese slungs.
Beyond that, this book taught me a lot of English slungs.
However, I have to be careful in using slungs because it might make some people uncomfortable.
Now I am studying English and germany.
I slepped down a small bridge from the top to the ground.
She had already been in Canada and she recommended me to stay at the same homestay.
I hope she got it easyly.
Japanese traditional food is healty.
Most non-Japanese peple peaple hate Natto, which is fermented soya ben bean.
When a man marries his wife and she becomes pregnant, he thinks about pregrant very often.
The charator (character) on the blackboard is so small!!
I want you to wirte down bigger charator (characters)!! ``
I was very sur (surfrised) because Korea has a culture about respect& great manners to adults (or oldaged people) and that action was very rude to the teacher.
And teacher erased her charator and (rewrote) the same content.
Is a Protestant more consevative?
I'd appreciate it if you cheack my English or send me a message.
We enjoied Teppanyaki (sliced meat and vegetables grilled on a hot plate at the table) and a bottle of Wine.
We enjoied Sake and raw fish.
I could work much more confortably if I replaced the memory boards with ones of more capacity.
I'm not sure working confortaly is worth the cost.
Should historic buildings be prederved or be replaced with modern buildings?
With the increasingly rapid development of the economy, it is definitely undeniable that there exsit tremendous changes in the world that I almost don't recognize in comparison with those several years ago.
Over the past years, the government replaced old Beijing siheyuan with new buildings in order to develope more quickly.
When making payments for rent, utility and insurance, we register our bank acount information in advance and have the amounts paid automatically before the due dates.
post office's letter delivery, I always become anxious about whether my checks are propery distributed.
I agree with the dicision of the court.
I am in favor of buliting the new library.
I maintain (contend) that owning the jop helps mannaging student's time
I prefer eatting at a restraunt than to cooking at home
I agree that tests encourage students to lern..
I don't think it is right to build new parking lots on the campuse.
But other people correcting the entry in Japanease is very quick.
wimbledon will begin before long.
It is myserious thing.
We rode a dengerous plane.
We could catch a later flight becouse there was another connecting flight 4 hours later.
Tish is my first time writting on here.
I cannot speke English.
My grandmother is 70 yars old this year, but very energetic.
so my son cought a cold...
What a pitty!:(
``My room is very cold in the evning.
I recomend a gas stove ``
But sometimes I hear only the sound of the words, and cannot understand the meanings of the sentenses.
When I hear some long conversations or lectures, I think it is necessary to be able to comprehend the meanings of the sentenses accurately.
Should I read and learn, then listen to the sentenses or phrases repeatedly?
A Godess in a toilet.
A very, very beautiful godess stays in a toilet.
That's why if you clean a toilet everyday, you can become a beautiful lady like the godess.
I set an ink converter on it, filled with my favorite ink, and wrote some letters.
Every time, I get really motivated to learn new skills, knowledge, and expriences.
And FINNALY Thank God!
dunno why but felt like I've been missing all the good foor in my Life.
All things are terriable.
Everything becomes a big troble.
The most basic rock band has three musicians: a Guitarrist, a bassist and a drummer.
If you want to sound like a modern rock band, such as Kings of Leon, The Killers, Wolfmother, Strokes and so on, you will need a synthetizer or an installed program in your computer to reproduce 24-bit sounds in real time.
Part 1 Most useful tip: Listen to the music you want to play and feel it as if you were playing those songs with your friends in a big scennary.
It's a city which seemed very similar to Venecia... Why?
If I have any oportunity to travel there again, I will not think twice.
I am a doctor specializing in anestheology.
Separiting the tasks helps finish the tasks more quickly.
Meanwhile, I saw a girl who I didn't know at all besite me.
I MUST start studying right now insted of writing this
well, I think I cant waste more time writing to you (whoever you are), becosethe the consecuences will be disastrous.
I think that we cound not be forever if we've been togerther.
English's ``waht a ~ is like`` very, really, and so. ``
So I'm searching on the Inrernet for a long time.
Can you help me? (soory, my English is poor.)
The groung was crowded with a sea of people even though police blockaded a lenth of road for pedestrians.
Soon after the problem eas solved.
My exchange launguage partner who is from Malesia reminds me of this.
I am reading a nobel called/ entitled ``Eleven Minuites`` by Paulo Coelho.
Althogh it feels a bit strange, I'm very interested by it.
It's been aproximately 4 years since I formally started studying English, but I almost never have the chance to be corrected when I practice, either because my friends are too kind to me or because I don't usually write letters or any documents in English or beacause I am not understood.
Since I've been learning from teachers who thaught both American and British English, my writing might be a strange mixture of them.
I want to be consistent with BrE since I've been learning under a British-like system for the last two years, but well, that's too much to say in a firts entry.
It's really difficut, I hate math very much.
During those day I make a good friend in Lang-8, she help me implove my speaking, listening or anything.
I want to understand science articles and documentary TV programs like from the Discovery channel or National giographic channel.
On the program, French scientists escavated a lot of evidence from the Vatican.
Since then, they aim to be famous all over the world and chared on Billboard 200 again.
When speaking, I alawys speak with the very heavy accent of my hometown.
I still remermber the first day when I came to my university last year.
dispite the problems, I am proud of the fact that I have mastered two languages, in addition to ``putonghua``.
My Englsih is not very good.
Yesterday, my friend kindly talked to me about selling food abroad. She said she will ask her friend about the details becasue his compunee sells things abroad too.
It seems that her friend doesn't have anwers for us either, so she found it on the internet herself and sent it to me through hotmail.
becasue she always makes me laugh.
It seemed impossibel to me, but it really happened!
Yeah, I was very sleepy and tired, and the girls were waitting for me in the street.
I can't fit them, and so they think none of the boots fit me, because I am shor and fat. Fuckin 'hurt me.
The restuarant is nice!
Unfortunately, I'm still in an exam term. I want to be free from these fackin 'exams.
Now I'm really wondering about wheather it is too late for a 29 year old woman to go to a univercity in a foreign country to study English on a scholarship or not, and quitting work to do it.
But I have something to do such as doing the laundry, grocery shopping, making some framework for an exam, learning English, edting a movie, along with other things.
Actually, I'm surffing to find a suitable site for my daughter's English study.
I'll introduce this site to my daughter tommorow.
In my oppinion, there are not many tragedies greater than Tohoku.
I realised that I always have conversations with my wife in English confortably.
These kinds of coversations are very confortable for English learners. But I think if we really want to improve our language skills rapidly, we should do everything ourselves on foreign soil, and sometimes we should be nervous.
This is extremely hard without preparetions.
Thoungh one of my collegues I just found out aboutthis web ``www.
My english comunity skills are very low.
Father and mother are teather.
We have cultual festival this month.
USA and Japan will go bunkrupt
He was quoated as saying, ``I came here to kill people.
I'm from Fukuoka, Japane.
It seem busy in Bagkok.
Hello, friends. In Bangkok it seems busy at the moment. Some of the people don 't like the primister.
They protest at the impotant road near (?) victory monoment.
They want the new primister to resign from the goverment.
It seems busy in Bagkok and going soon to the important city called Pataya becasue
there they will have a meeting and the peple from other contry will go there.
My favorite film maker is Andrei Tarcovski.
I even don't knoe what I can do for you.
I'm looking for something good to celebrate my friend's dauter's birth.
The makers may think most of the parents will willingly pay any price for their children whithout hesitation.
I belive perseverance may lead to victory.
Do they eat rice,_ soup,_ vegetables,_ fruit,_ bread,_ noodles_, milk,_ sandwish,_ etc?
Hirosima (anniversary of the end of WWII)
However, since 65 years have passed, many people like me don't know the realities of the devastation of the atomic bomging.
The fact that he/ she had lost his/ her life in a moment by an atomic bomb made a black human-shaped spot as his/ her identifable mark of living.
Many people lost their lives in many ways in many contries; let me mourn the people who died in WWII.
I think that putting the Internet to practicai use is difficult.
This is because there is much useful imformation in the Internet, but all of it is not always true.
So I want to select the imformation carefully and search for the imformation at various imformation sources when I use the imformation on the Internet.
I want to become one of the gratest ministers in the world
I atached the picture taken from the window in my house.
So I was doing a lestening test by myself at class time.
Then, my father called me loudly becaouse he can't speak English.
The Japan government urges people within a 20km radius from the power plant to evacurate.
But foreign governments urge people within a radius of 80km from the power plant to evacurate.
I am from China and I am studying in US now. I want to improve my English effectively and my roomate Keegan who is a nice American girl recommended this website to me. That's why I know this place and registered. Not only do I itch to learn Enligsh and Japanese here, but also I long to make friends who are from different countries.
The homework makes me think about the important incidents that have happend in the world.
At the same time, I wonder if everyone has someting new every day.
Maybe I can find good froends here from all over the world.
Oh, anyway it's sonwing and windy outside.
But after I realized that I coud n't resive it anymore.
I think this is a very good wap, because it not only the way to study more languages, but also we couldknow foreign culture. and language.
by this way, we can have more opptunity to practice our language ability I think.
Happy Christmas (Celine Dion made by Jhon Lennon)
If you prefer a certain Cathilic Bible version, can you please tell me which one it is?
We can share each other's culture and luanguages.
Recently I'm feeling that our marital relationshp isn't going well so I desided to ask you tonight.
I hope she is feeling only phisical fatigue.
So I went there alone and saw a lof of forengene there. The ones that came from England, Canada and America I tried to listen to when they talked togeter. But I am not fluent in English yet so I understand some sentences but I'd really like to understand everything they say. Both of them live in Bangkok and are training for their job at their childrens 'house and the childrend get abondoned with their parents.
I'll do again what I have done before, but this time I won't lose my original intention and I'll be more deligently.
Just 1 more exam left! yippe!
As for me, however, I had written a paper for the purpose of pulblishing a journal.
l was really suprise and glad at her success!!
Today, Iwatched a movied called (or titled) ``xinyue``. It is the part two of ``Twilight``.
From my oppoin, I supports the vampire because he is the first one for that girl and he didn't make a mistake (or do anything wrong).
Hallo everybody, this is my first entry on lang 8.
Hallo Dears.
It's very lovely and he acts like a spoild child.
There is a Nepalese restaurant in my neiborfood.
Unfortuately, there seemed many delicious food delivered afterwards.
I wondered why he thought that because I have always done my homework, howeever, as time goes by I will prove to my teacher that Majid can achieve a high score in the next level exam.
Because I am exposed easily strongers and perhaps became criminals.
By the way, I'm reading The cather in the Rye, which is used in American high school textbooks.
I saw tanks, hlicopters, and missiles.
I'm going to write it, please corect it and if you know about Beijing, please tell me a little about it.
I want to know about other Asian country's traditional way of life, and I also Iwante them to understand Japanese culture.
But, I think the best way of understading each other is to meet in person and talk about everyday life.
After all, I want to tell peope (that) we have to work hard to understand each oyher.
I want to tell them about the Japanese schooll system, because there are many good things in it.
Hatsumode is a Japanese costom of visiting the shrine on New Year's Day.
I finished wark and returned to the accommodation in which I am staying. I washed the clothes.
Today I firsy contacted a Skype user on Skype.
The latter have taken away the customers from department stores, which are traditionaly giant in the fashion retail industry.
The main reason is that fashion buildings are able to offer more reasonable productus.
In the deflationaly Japanese economy, consumers put their priority on the price rather than on the level of service.
However, I'm not that good at mystudy either.
Currently, my town is very cold. I will make myself a lunch in a lunchbox, because I don't wnat to go outside for lunch.
I was disappointed to learn that the Nintendo 3ds will be released on Feburary 26th, 2011.
Japanease horror movie.
Sommer is a horror season in Japan.
Japannese horror movie is very scary and interesting.
What is the impression of foreine countory about the Japannese horror movie?
$ 0. 00 USD-$ 3000. 00 USD, the price per transation
Suddenly, I thought I wanna traverl through Korea with foreigner freind who want to go on a trip through Korea.
and may be able to feel a refrech feeling!!!
Recentry, I couldn't write a diary, because I was working.
I'm sorry for writting a dreary (?) diary.
anything (but it must be less than 800 largecalorie)
After the massive earthquake in Japan, some people hope we can forcast earthquakes and so they write on a web site about earthquake precursors such as clouds, sulfurous smells, abnormal changes in well water, the sun, or the moon.
I ate a lotus root whic was fried with soy souce and was sprinkled with some sesame and red pepper.
For example, shark `s hert (sliced low).
I feel really like the girl in this book becasue insite, she is really craver.
She liked to read books sinec she was young.
This book is the frist Eglish book for me.
It is rainning in Taipei.
she wsa 1 year old and she was also crying all day
My lunch normlly costs around 500 yen.
I like the food of Izakaya restrunt during lunch.
What do you whink about music?
On sep 13th, he made a call to his mother pretending that he was abducted by a kidnaper.
He confessed that he had stolen/ imbezzled his company's get-together expences and he was afraid that the company would find out
I have no idea how much he spent of his company's get-together expence.
The TV news shows the royal family turning up to where? three times in the morning and shook hands with the people gathing in front of the emperial palace.
I was physicaly and mentaly exhausted but I became aware of something.
I want to become better tommorow.
11/ 12/ 10-Never Lose Your Initial Enthesiasm
So when you think about what to say, the things you wanna say can come out sponteneously.
He said that there's a rumor that radioactive substances may be carried by the wind and the Philippines might be also be contaminated by rain due to the explotions of the Fukushima nuclear plant.
Now that does not make sence at all for me.
I so hated cleaning, espessially washing floors.
And I like to rid of uselss things.
Because you can always fill this space with something usefull or with stuff you really like, later.
I must will have to find mysels very embarrassing one day, than there will be no stuff to through away.
But from another side, the more time I spend clining, organizing my stuff and decluttering, the more areas I find to do it with.
Sometimes my friens are joking that someday I'll turn to Monica Geller.))
(And I actually improved my English a lot this way.) So I desided, during my decluttering week not only to get rid of stuff, but to clean my information space, too.
Now I can easily find the book I need and not search throught all the folders on my computer.
Three years ago I visited Rio de Janeiro, Brazil together with my friend and kher mother.
They openned EVERYTHING: bags of souveniors, pouches of cosmetics...
The Brazilian officer openned her bag and found a pack of umeboshi and was asking her what it was.
The officer openned the package.
We couldn't look (past tense) around enough because we had enterd there 30mins before closing time.
I couldn't remember which words suit the sentences, even if, I had alresdy studied them.
In addition, both campanies have been known for being conservative as big companay usually are.
The day she borned was born was just like yesterday. Now she has become a talktive little girl and has her own ideas.
At first I was sad, because it gaves me feel that she doesn't think I am her friend because she always complain that she really want to meet the other friends.
This is an important exersice for me.
I'm looking forward to seeing ``Pirates Of The Caribban 4``.
I registered on this site a few minites ago.
Recently I tried playing the guiter for the first time of my whole life.
I go to guiter school and have a happy time with my teacher.
But I want to play for sameone, sometine.
I want to enjoy writing my dialy and getting to know many people around the world.
Travis is a band from sccotland.
Their sound and rylics are warm and confortable.
One of my goals is to obtain better english abilities so I can comunicate with foreingner.
Another goal is to have meny friends all over the world.
If you underatand my goals, please teach me correct english.
Everybody is good at English and they spoke so quckly that I couldn't understand.
I didn't understand what the teacher was talking about and the sheetes he gave us had so many words I didn't know.
I am an exchande student and they may think I'm good at English.
I like rainig however today was horibble because there was snow on the rord. The rain melted it.
I alwas bike to work.
I'm preparating it, that is to say I'm doing general house cleaning.
I finally bought the magazin ``ELLE girl``!
We wish those victims can get thouhg this disaster.
However, I had to go to a driver's senter, because my license had almost expired.
Please corrct my English and tell me your opinion!
They overcome their weaknesses throught religion.
He decided to build a laxurius hotel for Indians, but I think it is very expensive.
I made some chocolat.
Today is a holiday known as 'labor Thanksgiving Day' in Japan.
We respect labor, celebrate production, and thank each other.
One of the his works were offered to Yakushi-ji temple in Nara prefecutre, Japan.
Cause I finished my eassay just now.
So I cancle my plan, and instead played guitar...
My favorite season is the winter because I enjoy snowboad.
I'm looking forward to snowboading.
I went to Chambridge in August three years ago to join a summer school at Chambridge University.
Cambridge University consisits of lots of colleges.
I decied to have a personal trainer at home.
I bought a webcam from a Hong Kong web shop famouse for cheap prices.
They sent me the webcam whithout any software nor a manual.
I don't know how to prove that the webcam is acturally 38 thousand pixels
Does anyone know how I can check my wecam's pixels?
Then I'll play tennis with my friends, study English, and apply myself to my reserch to graduate from my university.
He lend me his spair folding umbrella.
I stady law.
My hobby is wach movies.
Scond, a single mother in a hostel looking for job.
I have to tell myself that everything will be ok because this is all temprary.
At today's meeting, the manager asked us to make a summary about this month, and at that moment I realized that I have benn here for more than one month.
Now I am thinking about how to weite my summary, because my colleagues want me to write it.
But I am waht I am thinking more is about whether to go on with this job or not, and there is another important thing... I want to do something using English and I want to get experience with business, but what I am doing now is not very concerned with English.
My favourit festival is Spring Festival.
The students study extremly hard with a view to succeeding here in Taiwan.
Many Japanse English teacers use college entrance examinations as an excuse for them to stick to the traditional method.
I read sometimes on the bus, but it is not always a good experience. It moves a lot, I fel dizzy and I have to stop reading when I have to get off, not when I want to.
I have the most beautiful book in my hands and I've been waiting for the wrtight time to read it. My boyfriend gave it to me in October. It is February now, and I have only read ten pages.
I'm studing English every day,
I've been reading my last journals, and I must to say that they're very badly writen xD
I was so annoied by the work I did last semester.
I was so sleepy that I drank toomuch, then I felt sickey.
When we use the definet article ``the`` before a date,
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan. I think he is a great film director. I have watched Following, Mement, Insomnia and The prestage, which were also directed by him, and these movies are amazing,
(I hete that!!) that's why I don't like cooking anymore....; (
Friends are so fuuny!!
Chiba has Disneylad and is near Tokyo, so it is a convenient place to live.
Of cource, almost all women in Japan including my wife hates such plans.
Because when I was in the first year of elementaly school, my classmate put a frog in my clothes.
She was crying hardrly.
I didn't want to take the bus while it was rainning and I didn't have any bus tickets yet.
(ougt not, are unable, mustn't)
my name is Monika and I would like to practice my English, because I'm thinking about studying law in Reykjavik (Icaland) through the Erasmus programm.
I went to Kouch in Japan.
I traveled to Shanhai last September and visited a big book store.
The newspaer says, according to Ladbrokes, the U.
Hi, I'm Sofia Eliet. I'm learning the Korean lenguage because I want to go to Korea in 2 years, but first I have to go to E.
a mock cavalry battle, tug of war and great jump roap.
I perticipated in an obstacle competition.
When I arrived at the hospital, It was really hard to find him becasue hospital was sooooo big!!!
Actually I still can't belive he has a really serious disease.
But I learnd it very happily.
Three days from tomorrow is one of biggist holidays in Korea.
For a while, I think when I went to my company this year is spetial. (?)
I went to the Garman school to join in a party.
Any differencies?
Good morining!
I think Japan has a huge comic and animation industory.
Peole in some counries have to work in hard working environments.
Your counry have been capiatlism for a long time, hasn't it?
We have long summer vacation, from the last end of this month to until Septe.
My son brings his lunch to his kindergardten everyday.
I think Japan is not only an abundant cluture country
Recentry I've been studying hard, because I will take an entrance examination to a university this year.
So I will writte this diary as much as possible to raise my English skill. (many entries)
And my birthday is comming so I want to do something amazing on my BD: crazy stuff like Bungy jumping, paddling a kayak in a wide river, climbing a cliff, skydiving and so on.
New York or Los angelas
Is anyone here from New York City or Los angelas
I met my freind during my college days after a long time today.
I ate an eel and he ate curry and rice at lunce.
We talked about the reserch that we usually adress to each other over lunce.
After lunce, we went to a karaoke lounge.
flabergastted-> I was flabergastted because I noticed a big cockroach in my room yesterday
In the aftenoon, I met my friend after the exhibiion.
Hi. THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY IN THE WEB. I am a studiant of English. In Spain we have a bad sistem of learning idioms, unlike like anothers countries of the European union. In those countries you can have a normal conversation with 3 or 4 idioms, but in Spain you can't talk very well in english and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in French...
hahaha I should learn the most english as posible.
We went fishig and we got three!!
Staying abroad is a very good experiende!!!
I workover overtime today.
Oh, the shoes I ordered on the Intenet have been delivered! I should take them out of the box.
Neverthless, the Sichuan style bean curd I ate was very good.
I don't need good pronounciation, I just wanna make friends!!
As a new staff, I respect my collegues, I try to do more things than the normal,
Last night I went to Xinshe Township, a town in the mountains of Taichcung.
Afther dinner a couple came over to drink beer and talk with my husband's younger brother.
The couple's daughter is a very prety gril.
You know when you confuded everything that really matters to you.
Even if you are interested in reading it's sometimes a little bit tough to find good, intereting books
For exemple, My entries has not been corrected, I wanna put it in the place of latest articles for letting everone know that and correct for me?
You might gather it for a period of time, then you will see how it brightens our life. To me, flamenco is a living attituede.
(<---weird sentence I know) We had to do the weirdest things, like making up a 5-minute play and perfom it for about 200 people!
I want to grap something but it doesn't wrok. I work hard now but where's my futuer?
Because of it bein too hot, I didn't sleep well last night.
I will have no claases tomorrow.
we thought this pain was suffered from mensturual pain.
We've not been learning Japanesse enough to know these phrases, that's why we need help...
But of course, we would tell her we had help, cause she knows we don't know japanese:)
For that, I deceide to take the new year challenge of Steve Kauffman at Lingq and aim for 500 hours this years of listening of Russian audio materials.
I expecially/ check/ correct those entries which haven't been corrected.
With worries, I was away from school and tried to have a job conserning NGO.
She said to me that why do you want to study this, why did you coome to me without any fundermental information and this decision is the most important decision to me for my life ever.
About the outdoor lesson, I've propabily learned how the factory works.
Is love so imprtant?
In the course, the proferssor asked us one question: ``What may you do for love?``
It means that love is not the main parte in a relationship, being concerned with some is.
Don't you think that it's a good idea to cellebrate special days in this way?
Don't be fooled by the old-school beginning and non-color vedio the director orchestrated.
My youngest sisiter
You can prduce ideas on your own (or: You can produce your own ideas.
Today the Japanede socore team competed in the first game of the World Cup.
I forgot, becouse I was listening to the radio at that time.
I love Nakazawa, but the Japanse team is a very weak team.
The beggining
I'm Mefi and I just registred myself on here.
There are still some erathquakes now.
I'm not good at speaking and listenning English so I hope I can meet someone who can speak japanese a little.
For resposobility (?) for peple.
Viens (?) still (anyway) are buzzing.
Now I studay English at college and by myself at home.
But I get the message: corection boxes are open, please close them.
Yeasterday, it was a fine day.
``Most mothers with a baby who was as old as Rei-chan were accompanied by their hasband.``
I enjyoed this trip.
My boyfriend made me breakfast this mornig.
I'm trying to learn to speak English wich is a third language to me, even I understand it easly but it's hard to write or speak in English, I have a lot to improve on, and I want some ideas on how to do it,.
I (startde) to study English yesterday.
Someday, I want to (speake) English like a native.
I bought my cellphone that day, so I could exchange my number with them, and the number of friends on facebook increased so much.
It is really huge, according to the weather forcast.
To be a fashiom buyer has been my dream ever since graduated from fashion design school.
So it is clool.
I had dinner with my high school friednd tonight.
My frend called me and told me all that she knew.
All the people were affraid.
Thanx, bye!!
It has been ontinue for three months.
I got throught the worst of the coference presentations.
I have always gone to the tutor centet, and I got a lot of help from there.
I was impresed to learn it was a true story (and what a story it was!).
Because I live in the Philippines and my sister lives in Austrailia.
I'm vey tired.
This verse is excellent, I follow this, but this does not mean that the anothers people will be the same way.
I like a manga called ``ma h ga`` In japanness.
I aslo like ``o ta ku``.
hehe It is my secrect I seldom tell anyone else besides friends.
I would be kindy and gracious to anyone who wants to be friends with me.
Also it was exiciting for me to play with my niece!
I know Japan does not like this situation becasue they depend too much on export (business).
On the ohter hand, some people appreciate the weak dollar and strong yen.
probably appreaicate the weak dollar and strong yen if they do business between their countries.
We international students are not allowed to wrok legally outside of campus.
As you may know, the G8 summit is taking place in Japan now, and the exchage market depends on it more or less.
I found an interensting news item.
However, it cannot be helped in a sense, because Japanese people have no custom of speaking English in their daily lives and the language systme of Japanese is too different from that of English.
In fact, there are a lot of international students around me, and I found many intereting differences among them such as taste or way of approaching people:)
``You don't need 300 million treets tell you that``
(Incidentally?) Accidently, we held a party with my primery school classmates,
It was better than I expeted.
Incidentaly, I would like to have language learning abilities!
I thoght ``I need to learn English because I want to travel around
I want to use my freetime to study English and read books obout business
And I started learning Janpanese in the university.
The male dancer was very short, but he had very good basic steps and musicalty!!!!
I will go shopping, play video games, and go to dance classin.
I think English grammer is difficult.
I am here to practice some languages and to make new friends from all ofthe thecountries!
and I made chocolat.
But I do not feel sleeply compared to yesterday.
I'll tell you about yersterday 's lunch.
first, it didn't separate the non-smorking area from the smorking area.
I really hate smorking [with a passion].
In fact, my teeth are not so good becasue I didi n't know how to brusy my teeth when I was child.
It was fun for me and maybe theuy too...
So I said if you can really crean your teeth you won't have bad teeth like mine....
I wanted one with a large vocabraries, phrases, an English-English dictionary function, and various English fanctions.
I don't need any fanctions unrelated to English.
I've never heard that the maker has produced electronic dictioanries, but it has produced good quality dictionaries and has a good reputation for it, according to the staff.
There are many interesting places though, really clowded, obviously dirty, and sometimes I feel strong stressed.
My cowokers all quit their job because of depressioinlow spirits.
I'm MCUH healthier than other people.
Could I frighten them by trying to get aquainted on the street?
I was so excited to have a chance to study Japanese in my own city but now I'm a bit dissappointed.
At the entrance, many peaple were waiting in line to pay.
but it is also very stressfull.
Now I can study with concentratively.
I need to enjoy living in Anstralia because I don't have time.
In thsi afternoon, I'll leave from here, which is Osaka, to Ibakaki for work.
I had to line in a long long que.
I am stading English now.
I want to comunicate with foreigners.
However, my daughter baught it to me, it's her love.
My husdand sent flowers to my office, I felt happy.
I dislike rainy days because of getting wet with rain and cannot keep my tention fixed.
please give me some adices.
I am a haapy girl and I like to make friends from everywhere. ~. ~
I think I have enough time to learn English& Frech.
I make some frieds from all over the world.
I did not prepare very well, now I am a little bit ancious about it.
The most difficult part is pollitics, I do not like it because it is so boring.
Evryday I have to read English and German.
I wish I had more time so that I can achieve a heigh score.
3 The Businss Japanese Proficiency Test (BJT)
An Israeli friend whom I met in India when I was traveling recommed this movie
It was a releace date.
It gives various services containg some online dictionaries.
And those days when it hit, were as if god was ungly...
Jaoan should positively increase heat generated electricity.
Trains are abusolutely imperative in Tokyo.
So some pepole were stacked in the station, just waiting for the restoration of the train.
A bad start for today, hur?
In Taiwan, people are shy, and introverted, so they need singers and firtworks with them to celebrate the new year.
On the other hand, in Vancouver, they celebrate without firtworks and singers; they always go to clubs and pubs to celebrate.
Today's weather forcast was rainy.
I am plannning to go there soon.
They say that an another huge earthquake, which might be as big as yesterday's or even bigger, will be comming in the next week.
I think I have to read the book curefully.
A freind of mine was suprised my unexpected gift.
I hate Nattto (it is Japanese food).
I am really waitting.....
Congraturation!!
Learning Deustch (or German) is so difficult.
Can anyone help me? Vielen Danke!
I want to paas an exam of level 4. please give me help ~ ~
In our schedule, we hada to give a speech and take a small test.
SO Iit is very lucky! I will enjoy today.
I didn't eat much of my favorites because I was afraid of getting a stomache as I did yesterday.
according to the public report, eletrical tools are getting more pupular in daily life.
Now most people use electrical lamp instead of candles, digital camera instead of foolproof camera and conputer printing instead of hand writing,
As the years past by, though some electronics have become the most important part of our life, we cannot imgaine what our life would be if there is no electrical, so people call teh new century as digital age.
In the digitai age, maybe sonmeone cannot realize it clearly, but without the computer, without the TV, without the phone, what would our life be?
we have gotten used to the convinent life by electrical tool, we use the conputer to search for information, because books are to heavy to find a little information, we use the TV to watch all kinds of program, because we cannot travel around the world, we use the phone to get touch with friends and parents, because we are far away from them.
It was a little funny because we were riding on a really srange road because my boyfriend didn't want to go on motorway because it is dangerous.
But sometimes the road was very unconfortable.
CONGRADATION ~
matarnity leave
The icy and slppery roads were dangerous.
Someone said ``a theacher has authority because the teacher can educate not only school subjects but also the ways of life.``
I still have (a) headache even if I took medition.
But how come the Starbucks stores I go to alwyas have many customers?
I bought a Starbucks grande coffee and made coffe at home too.
Acuturally it feels good.
One of my firends joinned a photography club..
The actor who played Geroge Havey, Stanly Tuccci was very good.
I respect her behavior.
In honor of her greatness, I'd like to share her most famous song ``True Colors`` with you!
Generaly speaking, old people have weak backs.
just they are doing the best for their own porpose.
I know I need to be confident and patient when larning other language.
I am usually cheaful after sleeping.
Anyway tomorrow is Fraiday.
I'm usually not into soccar.
I was there from the Belarus Republic in my Hetalia costume. I love her so much, she is such an unnormal girl =D
Various holydays are lined up.
In Korea, there are 24 hour Fitness Center.
I went to cram school this morning, and eight hours a day exhausts me, but I have to finish econimics and statistics courses during my summer vacation.
We havt to study English very well> Who can help me? If you can, please add me as a friend!
I have to do reading assignments for classes and prepartion for study circle today.
I think that is NOT because the movie is not interesting, but rather because my expctation is too high.
She is going to have the baby in Octorber.
But I can't unbelivable that she'll have a baby at such an early age.
I don't have any cavicity, but my teeth are poorly aligined.
She didn't give the baby vitamin K to prevent hemorrhage.
(In this case, hemorrhage was easy to predict (in the baby).)
Yesterday I wote in my diary that I was bitten by ants in the park.
If you have an interst in me, pleaes get frinedly with me!
By the way, I look for my new job, because I will work for an interior design company asa a salesman.
I went to other countries, to Italy, Turky and Indnasia.
Also, one of my friends wrote on mixi, ``I want to go to Snow festival, but if I look around throughly it is too cold, so I want to go there briefly.
I need to train to drink, to be stong, so I can enjoy drinking with my friends and colleagues.
Maccaine is trying hard to reverse it.
I have been studying Eglish for many years, but I am not good at writting English.
To improve my writting English, I joined Lang-8 today.
From today, I will introduce my favarit thing in Japan.
It is very impressd to me..
Today I read a articl about that how you improve your language skills.
I belive that someday, I will be able to express myself fluently in English.
She laughts.
'Slient is golden' Whatever you are, it is the common sense rooted into our mind.
Ironically, in my experence, being slient always guides me to failure.
Sometimes slient can be equal to being non-active.
I've gone out many times recently so today I was planing to saty in my hosue all day.
In this summer, I had a opportunity to speak with African-americanese, but I could not understand what he was saying.
I've been thinking recently that English ability is how well you undersanding all English.
At the beginning, he seems like a stupid boy, but actually he is very intelligent-he is a genious!
The Japanese Ministry of Health and walfare advised patients to stay at home if their symptoms are mild.
This morning, her tempareture went down to 37. 3C and she seemed to feel fine. She was running around and playing.
Japanese narionality# 2
Most Japanise are not religious, but thei attitudes reflect their culture or nationality.
For example, in Antartida, which has incredible views of landscapes of ice, the ecosystem has been affected as a result of tourism.
To get there a simple traveler emits 4. 5 tonnes of CO2 (carbon dioxide), wich is an impressive amount of pollution.
Today, tourism is in a crisis as a result of the economic crisis, but we must not forget touristic activities that include the preservarion of the environment.
Thereforel there are places wich include both activities: tourism and enviromental care.
I always ask myself what I learned here and if I lived up to my expectance.
I like studing.
My hasband always says I should study English!!!
Anna did not really complain that she was a donner child, or that she was not the beloved one.
No matter how much she suffered for rescuing her sister Kate, she just accepted it without a word, untill Kate wanted to die.
The first is I want to read web pages which are in Engilsh.
I want to go to the ritzzy restaurant.
In that restuarant there are busboys.
Also, I always nibble on food like pizza, hamburgers and spagetti.
Yesterdaay, I saw a man who was good looking.
I went to school to submit my English reporto.:)
A few days ago my son had a doctor's appoitment.
I thought the doctor let them in before our appoitment.
I left my son in the docter's office and waited outside. (More natural.)
For example, HAL in ``2001: A Space Odyssey`` and Draemon or Tetsuwan Atom (Astro Boy), show the characteristics.
Uh.... I don't know whether Westerners tend to think like that, but I can say that Japanese have a close affinity with Draemon and Tetsuwan Atom (Astro Boy).
Although, the experiments were not totally complicated and could be found in books, it gave us the chances to improve our manipulative ablilty.
I was doubting myself whether I was fit to do sintific research for I always made mistakes whenever I did experiments which could be prevented and not occur to others.
But lack of sleep might cause some obstacles to today's schejule.
A Jananese novel
I think that it is too difficult for a forigner to read (in Japanese).
I wish I could help her because I am happy when a forigner can read a Japanese novel.
Although there are many organizations that evaluate which city is the most livable arounf the world, one of them says that Vancouver is the most livable city in the world.
The city of Vancouver got first place of the ranking for multiple consective years but I don't think so.
I have almost lived in Vancouver for 2 years but I don't think this is the most lilable city in the world.
Who the hell is thinking this city is the most lilable city!?
I think they need to add the sentence ``For rich people`` before ``The most lilable city``
I think these topics are too difficult to be writen about by me.
In today's education-obesessed society, more and more parents encourage/ push/ force
Bacause compulsory education negatively affects chilren
To begin with, living in modern society, foreign laguage skills have become a neccarry subject, In fact, noteworthy intenational companies are looking for talented people who are good at speaking their respective laguage.
It would have a nagative effect on them as a whole.
The acquisition of/ development of foreign laguage skills is not the only ideal way for their future.
Chilren are apt to concentrate on what they are intersted in.
if their aptitute are discovered, it might provoke positive result widespread.
In conclusion, althoug the global arane has led to the pressure to master a foreign laguage skill, in my opinion, however, there are an infinitude of potential in children; parents should find their ability in all aspects.
As more and more people stay healthy until they are into their seventies, some people argue that the mandatory retirement age should be abokished. Ohters argue that if the elderly do not retire, there will be fewer job opportunities at the top for capable younger people. Discuss both positions and indicate which side you agree with and why.
I didn't exercise for two months after grduating from my university.
I allways played online game or surfed the internet.
Today it's rainning.
Each life event may affect our mood temporarily, but soon we adapt the situationn and come back to normal.
She said, ``It's very cold outside. Why don't you borrow your uncle's ssocks?``
I went to Kariya and ate Srimp with rice for lunch.
Then, for dinner, I went to Kasadera and ate rahmen.
Indidentally, are foreign entrance examinations hard?
I can no longer have rotine conversations with him.
I met him on the first day of unniversity.
North Korea and South Korea are divided by Imjin River
My compliments for the blog, I accidentally discovered it reading an article on ``Times-online``, it is very intresting and provocative.
In my opinion tachers are so important for society, they ``create`` the citizens of the future, a good scholastic system makes good citizens, good citizens are better electors, better electors realize a better government.
Thank you for your blog I'm going to become a regular reader and excuse me TEACHER for my bad english I've been seriously studyng it for three months.
Finaly, I find how fascinating getting into the movie story!????
Now, I have been learning them systemeticly for about four months.
I learn English conversaion by listening to news..
Of course, it's a very common operation but when it happening to me, it's much more dramatical.
And then, I also hate the hospital: before I see a dotor, I feel good, after that I've seen him/ her, I have problems.
We were worried about him and also, we couldn't feel reluxed when a man was lying in front of our houses.
Sheldon is impressive and idiochromatic.
As we all konw that economic crisis has a great effect on different industry.
I don not care about any difficuilties, I will try my best to another job.
She siad she has been very happy with classmates every day for one year.
At first, we thought everything was ok and that there was nothing better than that.
If a progrem has sexual or violent content, we indicate it with an 18 sign on the screen which means that only people over eightteen years old can watch it.
(Usually, Korean progrems indicated over 18 aren't even very strong.) I don't know if sensational programs have big effect on people and kids but I'm curious if there are any reactions to those kind of programs.
Today is Augst third, when I finished my studying for my cream
I was happy beacause it hasn't rained for two or three months in Taiwan.
Yseterday I saw a movie called ``Obsessed.``
But the woman didn't give up, so the woman tried everying she could
do to try to attratct the man.
What is better answer I can say if someon ask me to help?
``He's Not That Into You`` is a very interesting moveis.
It's a korean soap oper
I will be verry happy to see my friends.
These days, I have had a violant cough that makes it impossible to sleep or talk.
A doctor told me that it seems like asthma, but the problem is that the pill the doctor priscribed doesn't work at all.
Except for speaking, I can practice English with tools such as podcasts, smart. fm, and bloging in English.
The day of the dead or alive test is coming soon on 21st of this month, so I'm striving to get high score on the test every ninght.
because I want to improve my inglish
However, in the midlle of development, NEOREX noticed that the words ``Lifelog`` and ``Lifehach`` were becomming popular and more and more people were interested in recording their activities and making their lives better with ideas and tools.
Nomally $ 20 a week for each person is the regular price.
I trusted him, so I said, ``Yes, it's ok``.
I said, ``It's ok.
And T knew that the czesh man had to leave regardless.
Everyone who registerd onthis site would like to practise and need peopleothersto correct their writing skills.
Since I am not a native speaker ofEnglish who is familiar with writting in English,
So I conclude that my learning process is enabled by others who help correct my mistike, especially better writers who make brillient helpers.
Yestuerday, I went to the ONSEN near my home.
Lukily, the wine, pizza, pasta and salad was tasty enough to make me happy.
Pega went home by flyin on 'Kintoun', which is a special cloud in the sky.
I have nothig else to do so I my laptop on and am checking lang-8 site now.
His owner said that he wanted a dog with a perfect pattarn.
For example the black pattarn around eyes must to be symmetry.
Mybe this is the reason why I sometimes lose myself in the TV shows.
Nice to meet people all aver the world reading my dialy. Thanks for reading it.
I've dicided today that I will alternate between English and French in my diary.
So I choose this picture which was taken at Fushimi Inari Shrine famous for the thounds of Torii in Kyoto 2010. 12. 31.
I'm going to tell you about my 3days and 2nights travel in Kyoto in my next dialy in French.
Wednesday is a sepecial day within the week.
I wonder how foreign peopke think about the system.
My computer was infected by diffieret kinds of virus.
I still wore a thinny T-shirt for running.
Poeple spent their time freely and easily, things looked to become more expensive.
Though it was not the same, the atmosphere and festivality called me back to the Jpanese
I am always suprise when someone who sutudy Japanese knows alot about Japanese culture and history
On Frbruary, I'll go to America.
I learnd a lot of English from them.
I have never been to Indonesia, so I don't actually know zbout Indonesia.
I caought a cold again.
But I couldn't say anything back to him, beacuse of my poor English ability.
I dicided to improve my English to the level where I can argue back.
I got the informetion for this wonderful site from another website.
I hope to speak English to comunicate all over the world.
``Perrier`` in French is much better than ``SAN PELLIGRINO`` I rhink.
I did not know this before, and I usualy drink Morrisons 'banana flavoured milk.
ASDA's banana flavoured milk is good and the banana tasete is stronger than milk.
Five mimute English
to bigin
So today we'll go there togerter.
I'm glad to drink a delicious beer, but I'm nurvous in this situation.
I hope our convasation is fine.
First of all, regardress of living in the grobal world, we still cannot stop wars and most countries still have weapons.
Although human's life-span is longer than ever before, we have to cambat disease which could kill human and animals.
And around 22: 50 of yesterday, he came home with a small capcel.
From today's morning, researchers are serching his capsule.
The most beneficial change I can think of would be to the equipements used to connect to the internet, so that both students and teachers could connect to the wireless internet service anywhere in the university.
In addition, if the university had the wireless internet conneciton service in all areas, students and teachers could access the web whenever they wanted. Such a service would help them to study with the latest information for their research/ on the topics of their reserch.
Therefore, I had to follow the new informaiton every day for my reserch and I had to go to the computer center to access it online.
With the wireless internet connection, I could make my reserch in the library, wich was much more efficient for doing my work.
If I were a university student or teacher now, I would certainly propose to introduce the wireless internet service in the school, wich would have a huge benefit for the students and teachers.
I will use Lang-8 to improve my English and write dirly.
A new person is comming.
However, when we are playing tennis, I would like them to consentrate on it.
I have been feeling cold from Sunday moning.
There are sooo many things I would like to write about!
I am starting to write this diary, becase I'd like to go to university in America.
Vietnamese generally drive motocycle.
I made Vietnamses friends, who showed us famous restaurants and markets in the city.
My inpression of speaking English.
This is the firt time that I join in Lang-8. I am a international student in Singpore, although I am poor at english... but I want to improve my english, I am also a easy going person.... So give me message if u want make friend with me. and welcom everyone to revise. Thanks ~!!
It is not untill they blooms that I can feel spring.
I am askin with myself. I need to improvei my Japanese, but I dont know what should I do...
Can anyone show me a site or books, for dowload, to learn japanese grammar? Onegaishimasu.
I want to get started from the beggin, grammar for 10 years old japanese kid. I think I can start for:)
I'm starting to think in different way and I'm trying to understand the foriegners 'thinking.
It is very deficlt.
But BBC also mentioned if Japanese goverment stopped using all nuclear plants, electricity would not be sufficient in Japan.
However, after I heard his comments via BBC, I felt that his comments woule be a second disaster.
Because I had to wonder that nobody would trust such a prime minister who has no practical ideas of electricity supply insted of using nuclear plants.
5, street smart: smart at living or expactially at social skills
is an engeineer.
7, govener: the leader of one state
9, prinmitive: natural
At first, I bocame a member of ``rarejob`` services in the Phillipines.
There were many legular characters (maybe few too many) in the show, so I didn't see different sides of characters in the first season.
I celerbated for the new year with some friends in a club.
There were many memeries for me in 2008, but there will be more chellanges and opportunities that I need to seize in my life or study.
The year 2008 was a specil year for every Chinese.
We all experienced the Beijing Olmpic that the whole nation celerbrated, but the tragedy of the earthquake made everyone heavy-hearted.
Everybody tried thier best.
I found it's calory on the back of package.
So I can't eat it over one pce per day.
A Deligent Policeman
They sell many kinds of murchandises: foods, drinks, snacks, magazines, sundries.)
I was very perplexd but I managed to explain my innocence.
Anyway, I'm fine here. I work at a healthcare related company nowdays.
I took part in the Aotumotive Service Equipment Fair a few days ago.
I went to Beijing's anmen Square on the 16th.
He was an elite student and I feel very sorry becuase I was a little bit jealous of him.
He was an engel to bring many MP3s to give them to many tanjanian children.
Because his major was architecture, he made the blueprints to build some buidings.
My snowboarding trip was postponed untill next month due to my car's problem.
I was suppouse to buy an aoutmotive chain by the day of the trip but I could not.
I am little bit tired and feel like I have just come back from a long jorney or something ^ ^ but I think I really did enjoyed her staying at my house!
The policy seems to be quite unique because Bhutan's goverment says that they measure their development by national hapiness altough most countries measure their development by economic growth.
I have a lot of time to correcte entries today.
What happned???
I haven't writen for a long time.
I live in Ulsan which is a metoropolitan city in Korea.
I am pleased when I can hear thier singin.
However, I was just lazy tempolaly.
I thought that when I study something, learn something, get some skill and then, acumulating anything that I have got today in my body just like deposit.
Everything that I do is recorded and it's going to acmulate in my body.
Of course it's just a wonderful place for rhotography.
But finally, I still believe tomorrow is another day, everthing will be better.
If somebody corrected my last diary, I will make friends with sth.
The stand seats are expensive and people can see only the instant the car is passing in infront of them.
I'm studing Infomation Techology.
becouse I have an exam in October!
German is a little hard for me, 'cause there is a strange sound made by the tounge.
I think I need to introduce maself first
but, unfortunatly I couldnt get a job with tattooing
but, I dont give up yet
and I hope u guys also keep tring and keep working hard
Today, I had the part-time job of helping a professional camaera operator at a wedding reception.
He has friens who are
16 years ago, I went to America, England and Korea:-0 But I can `t speark English.
Someday I think I could sperk in English.
I couldn't get out of bed immidiately.
They say that they grew confident in their enterpreneural skills.
I studied english in scholl 6 years ago and now I'm trying to learn it on my own.
She can't walk nou, but I think she'll be able to walk soon.
I like a famouse painter, Salvadole, Dali so I would like to visit and see sceanary in Spain.
In America, I would like to visit the Grand Canion.
My first Diary. Check pls!
! hallo!
I had dinenr with my friend at an Italian restaurant.
Firstly, there are a lot of shops, department stores, resutraunts.
It seemed I had no idea what time it was when I was writing or reading the areticles.
It's a nice. hot sentence to lissen to.
I think I could lissen to this everyday and to be however heated.-> (?)
Because intersting contents attract my focus.
THE DIFERENCE BETWEEN SENIOR AND COLLEGE 'S EDUCATION IN CHINA
We have a lot to concider after watching it.
Of couse I care about the thing ``there is no need to be egotistical with each other.``
In addition, he said to me, ``You're my best freind... as far as today,`` He always adds bad words on the end to hide his embarrassment. I was so touched when I heard his words, because I couldn't see how he felt about me these days.
I always wanted to hear his truely feelings whether they are good thing or not.
He has been a fugitived from the police for two and a half years and was hiding in my
Once I got up and got out of my bed, I heard a sound that my mom appearently made behind the door, so I decided to go back to bed again. I knew that if I went outside and tried to take a shower, I wouldn't be able to because it was obviously what my mom was about to do.
today is internation lefthanders day, I am lefthanded, so it is my day too!
The melit of living Hiratsuka is that we can enjoy our beach all season.
so we can enjoy a strech, talking, sunbathing and beach ballyball all season.
That's very useless for regonal economy.
I want a nice cafe or Itarian bar in Hiratsuka Beach Park.
There is a lot of plece in the park.
The Denny's near the beach is the only resturant and cafe where we can enjoy a view of the beach.
I want the maiyer of Hiratsuka city to think about that. + mei-yor +
I had planed to vist my city's Strawberry Festival with some friends weeks ago.
I was tuched!
and sometimes there are some chickin bones without meat on the bus.
Because Kawasaki city anf Hachiohji is unbearably cold in recent days.
I sent a text message the day before yesterday, but you didnn't reply.
I didnn't know when you texted me.
for just being in the eletion.
And plus I won 4 tims in a row!!!
hallo!
I'm looking forward for ur message:)
Which sentence is grammartical correct?
I have confidence that I can live anywhrere in the world.
Yesterday, I was involved in canvassing for a candidate for the city councilors who our company supports.
Anyway my coworker and I were visitting a home with a ton of fliers and cards already, and anyway we did not his policy or manifesto at all.
I felt like a salesperson visitting to the door.
Our clothings and fliers were all soaking wet.
Becouse the average speed was too high for me.
Oh, tomorrow, these successive holidays will fainaly be over.
I found somthing changed. Every time I open a new page, a window pops up, and wants me to the set time zone where. So I set it up, but when I open a new page or update the page, it pops up again.
Competion project_ 03
My daugfter stayed at Granpa's house alone for the first time.
I was surprised becaise she didn't sleep well when we separated but she did last night.
I will give a birth this aplil so she is preparing to be sister.
There are a lot of tourists frou various countries in Japan.
I have no special plan during vacation; I will go home to be togeher with my parents.
Besides, on Oct. 15th, our college will have a celebration for its 80th anniversary. I'm very lucky I can witniss this important event and I'm also very honored to be a volunteer for the anniversary!
She had no intresting with computers before.
I also remember the wonterful decorations on every house in Australia.
Both of us had been involeved in their project before their debut, so we often talked on the phone at that time.
I haven't seen them scince I left the company, but I heard some of them started to manage their own work in Tokyo after all.
I'm looking foward to meeting them as I expect that the meeting sould be inspiring...
There was a severe typhoon last night, worse than I thoght.
I saw broken unbrella everywhere.
Finaly the trains resumed service but there was way too much traffic.
I recomend two songs, ``Genie`` and ``Hoot``.
I was born in a littel town. Its name is Velikie Luki, and though it's a very old town, it isn't very interesting.
And while arhitecture in Velikie Luki isn't attractive, I like this town all the same because I was born and grew up there.
I think that it `s important to study hard and have hard time a lot when we` re yong.
Because I want to graduate with an average point of 4. 0 (Maximun points you can get is 4. 5)
As I wrote the day before yesterday, my university's rugby club had a match yesteray.
It was dilicious.
Last week I took a fwe orders.
But we shold never give up.
On Saturday afternon I read a book called 'The Golden Rules'.
Next year will mean a lot to me, as I will have been studing flute for 10 years. ^ ^
I can know about the culture of different countries and konw more friends.
I am studeing English with some textbooks.
These sites are for Japanese who are studeing English.
Sometimes Internet sites are very usefull in our lives.
Do you have a favoraited page?
I felt bad, I think she should ansewr it one time and tell me that she doesn't want to talk at that moment.
I feel better now, and I can forgget it because I wrote my complaint here.
I'm a little surprised, because it's the most specil way I've ever seen (for me at least) to learn languages.
To be honest, I've been studying ehglish for 7 years, but I'm still not too/ very good at it.
After (I had) (a quick) lunch at a Taii restaurant, I went to see the movie.
The weather reminds me of the soon coming rainy season in Taiwan, and also of my alergic rhinitis.> <
When the rainning season comes, normally starting in May or June, and lasting through September, it sometimes rains cats and dogs.
Although the excessive rain can be catastrophic, such as a flood, the fact is that the rainy season accounts for the majority of percipitation in Taiwan.
Overall speaking, I do not like too much rain or too many rainy days. I am afaid to smell a mildrew odor in my closet.
On friday I went to my friend's biethday party at shevron renaissance. After that I went to the fiddelers bar.
I've been hearling (not linstening, I've even been reading another book) the audio book of Harry Potter and Sorcerer's Stone these days.
I enjoyed the rhytm of the reader's voice.
We looked like a pair of mooving snowmen.
My frist English diary has not been corrected, I do not know the reason.
Good mornig.
I'm very excited, because I have just gotten a micropone to use for Skype.
Today is Saturday, so I wii saty up late.
As I have a stiff shoulder, I wellcom this approach, as it means that we don't have to
My exhbtion will strat on November 21st.
The last half, I got breathless in thire family background and the shocking ending.
My close friend is a yoga teacher and her studio had to move to the other place this month becasue of the destruction of the building.
I recieved an email from a woman.
Usually, they are talking about his fastastic dance and song performances, everybody says ``he was the super-star``.
I mean, I am so dissapointed the way they report.
Why they can say that he is a great star who they critisized cruelly the day before.
He explaned how to use mineral foundation.
After three hours of shimmmering, however, everything changed.
We don't have oppotunities to express ourselves in English.
And I will save money for studing abroad.
They were very succesful cookies.
I chose the consevative treatment and
Exchanging favolite things
Before today's lesson began, he told me some of his favolite artists such as Muse, Snow Patrol and David Vowie and he asked me to introduse some Japanese animation series that I would recommend.
Althought I have been studying English for five years,
It's my first time going to America, and I'm really a begginer at speaking English.
I've a very important test in english soon and I also want to definitly speak english!!!
I thought it means, ``make a moeny or deposit money``
Some Japanese companies are empoying Japanes bilinguals, but they sometimesgive rise to big trouble among their Japanese co-wokers, because of their behavior and skills.
Taday I have an examination in class writing
The teather told us write to three paragraghs applying the organizational patterns by developing time and space order, process discription and examplification and difination.
I would like to write about Ead.
All Muslims celebrat in Ead because Ramadan is finished.
It is just for Muslims. Ead is just 3 days and Muslims cannot fast in this 3 days because it is not allowed in Islam.
Another western superstion is the numbers of cries of a cuckcoo bird being heard is reportedly said to be equal to the number of years of it being alive.
As you know, we had to perpare for the national scholastic achievement examination for university entrance.
First pitcture.
-I was curious to see if that could really happend.
Today, I went to Yamananashi to visit my relative's grave with my mother.
Engkish, I always make mistake a subject and a tense.
Today, I investigeted Adobe BlazeDS in the office.
It's been a long time since I've written diry here again.
Oh, I really hate this coures.
It's maybe the sukest coures I have ever done. It's about useless and complex theories.
So, I have to deal with day by day, which you can imagine how terrible this feeling can be, uhm? when you try to study something that you compelely have no interest in, it's worth nothing. OK, I just want to pass the exam, so I don't have to study this coure in the next term agin! But thank god! I hope I will pass it, and I hope my classmates will pass it too. What nice news, isn't it? However, there is some bad news. Unluckily, one of my roomates did not pass the exam, so the only thing I can do now is to hope that he will be fine in the next term.
I will have almost 5/ five exams to take, including history, philosophy, the theory of spreading, modern Chinese literture and ancient Chinese literture.
Oh, Satan is going to kill me. The only thing to do is to deal with it and be confident that I can achive this and find a good job in the future.
This book is comprised of only English qustion!!
(or 'My one word can exerte a favorable influence upon the students.' what is better?? This is better
My hobby is to watch movies. Recently I watched ``Avter``.
Tthis movie is very good.
I went to an Itarian restaurant to drink Beaujolais nouveau on November 18th.
Maybe that's why I couldn't spell in Japanese untill I had watched so much anime... (I'm joking).
A fresh, ancle-deep layer of snow has fallen over the night and I can look forward to a good hour of shoveling before I can even dream of getting the car out and going to work.
Some of them fight against others who have different religons because of their firm beliefes.
I think since Australia has huge amout of natural resources, Australians can lead a good life.
Miners have to work with danger and may be darty but they are supporting Australia, so I respect them.
The following emil is the the most difficult one I've ever written.
When I get somethimg at the mall,
There is a beatiful park center of residential state erea in my city.
I like to critisize restaurants about their food, services and atmosphere with my friends.
I am very interested in it, so I love HANAMI which is an event where people eat and drink under the cherry blossam.
Hi everone!
I had a meeting from three o 'clock until six o' clok.
But here in Japan, all TV companies hestate to do so.
I am striving to get a good score, reading english novels, watching American sitcom for listening practice, lernning by heart the important words and sentences.
You just complain to yourself or to someone else, to smoothe your own feelings.
It was a good chance to exchange opinions and information about the evaluation of quolity in health care services.
I watched the TV coverage of the golf competetion ``Masters`` that is held in Augusta over 4 days, from yesterday until 3 days from today.
I turned on the on-boad wireless adaptor.
I really like learing English, but sometimes I still want to think in Japanese in my daily life. Sometimes I'm tired; so that is why I haven't posted a journal for a week.
There wouldn't be a lof of things I can do for them unless I am a doctor.
Luckly, I have a tutor.
The first picture is my parter and me, The one on the left is me.
but It includes poision.
Saint Lolita progect
started a progect named ``Saint Lolita``
I'm really excitedd!
I was able to see a lot of music airtists and I enjoyed their live music.
It was so palacable that I did not notice when I became really full.
Eating slowly makes the feeling of hunger dissappear ealier than normal.
I did not abide by the rule, I just pigged out, and now I feel stuffed and somewhat drowzy.
In less than 2 hours I am going to MacDonalds to meet friends.
Since I ate so much I dicide not to eat there.
I feel like I had such a heavey burden to speak in english.
And I sense that feeling, when listenig to a favorite song.
Today my vocabulary test was retarned to me.
I do not konw how to study:. (
However, no matter what economic situation in the world, peopel still get sick from time to time.
In a word, nursing is really a practical and helpful subject although it takes a lot of hard work and time to become a professionl health care provider. The hard work would pay off one day.
The story was about a man and a weman controlled by a FBI computer.
Recently I was busy, so I coudn't write my diary in English.
I had to change my money by purchesing something at a convinience store.
He recomended this website for learnig English.
So, I entryed it tonight.
I'm looling forward to enjoying this website.
Marshmellow (which correction thing)
If you take a bite of a marshmellow, you know that you'll put on weight and get ulcers in your mouth.
I went to a gynecology today.
and I had kept the last 2 kits until yesterday for my less liraxing times.
The pointer is powerfull, and gives another world to the developer to create in the abstract process.
It's because I want to improve my pronouceation.
However, I don't know if my poronounciation is OK, or not.
If I were asked to tell the most exciting story ever happened to me-I would definatelly tell this one.
The officer ordered me to fillow him to the safe area of the motorway.
After the train had gone, I called out to the shoked officer that I was OK, and continiued to run along the train tracks to the Commonwealth Avenue where I had my interview arranged with employer.
If I tell this to my friends or co-workers, some heatless person might hurt me.
Then, we saw illminetion.
I went to a photo studil, because I needed some identification photographs.
It had good pirce and quality.
It seems like a good way for women to get rid of stess.
My class start at 8: 50 from Mandey to Friday.
Recently I want to go snowbord.
Sometimes I need to anounce my daily plan, in order to remind myself to finishe it on time.
I hope I can return your help in the furture.
Today I read that Japanese law mentioned that a Newclear operator has to keep general public's radiation exposure below 1mSv/ year.
I think it is reasonable because ICRP also said that general public's radiation exposure has to be keepen below 1mSv/ year.
I think it is too high, especially for cildren because they are more sensitive than adults to radiation exposure.
So I hope that the Japanese govenment will decide to lower the level under 1mSv at once.
Some researchers, on the other hand, have come to realize etreme strictness doesn't work well.
Probably because he knew that I'm not good at speking English and it seemed that he didn't want to talk with me.
When I read and listen to English, there are often the times where I don't understand the whole meaning of the sentens even if I know all the words.
Probably it's because English word order and grammer are different from Japanese.
It's because the words are too difficult or the pronouciation was not clear or too fast as is often seen in comedy.
I haven't written a diary recentry recently....
insteed last night I had fight with my parents.
however, this morning my mom called me. but I had to cut off the phone... and then I began to cry.... I couldn't countrol it.... I know how weak I am....
I think it mihght have been down if my friend had not been there
we talked an houer... I think we enjoyed the time together...
When she was a baby, she had a serious febrile diease.
I get up at harf past five, and I go to the square.
DPJ won a histric victory.
This is not tradional day but it is like a type of event.
I have heard that& nbsp; ninety percent of the company's tatal revenue comes from this day.
Can you tell me the differance between ``can`` and ``be able to``?
What is the differance of their meaning?
My goal is running10 kilometers in one hour.
The Japaneese language entirely depends on context and situation, and it is less clealy than Europian languages.
However, Japanese people should not change their language into something like a Europian language, which states everything clearly, because it is part of the Japanese culture.
Instead, Japanese people should try to make foregin people understand the Japanese language.
At the same time, they should make oppotunities for foregin people to learn Japanese, and encourage its use.
But one day, the National Tax Agency came to his two aprtments, his offices, and the establishments which he owns, at once.
The next day as well. Finally, it was almost the nex month's payday and I still couldn't get my salary.
Then he said, ``Are you saying' When proverty comes through the door, love flies out at the window. ', right?
While he was soring loudly, I thought about what he said.
I am at a unviersity in Kyoto, Japan.
I am afraid of him, so I told him ``I met an aexpectant mother, and she fell over an overpass, so I helped her.
Therefore I brough her to a hospital, so I was late for class ``.
because the teacher explaned it clearly.
It makes my body strech, and my mind release.
You will be soothed if you walk on the grabel path to the sacred places, while breathing in the fresh air generated by the woods.
My husband, mathe-in-law, son, doughter, and me.
I woke up at 8 (?) as ususl.
The winter is the clodst season of the year.
It starts on desmber 21st and ends on March 20th in countries north of the equator.
when I received my firend's e-mail, I was thriied!!
I thought I had a high tolerance for alchol, but I found that I don't.
It is thought that the earthquake has provoked a lot of faulta dislocation, so we could be hit by massive earthquakes more and more.
My Chinese English techer told me ``To think is similar to consider.``
There are two types of people, who do not eat meat; vegans (they do not eat any food, which includes all food from animals/ eggs and ther are vegetarians, they do not eat meat.
After they grow up, my gnadfather kill's them for their meat.
By the way, this time interval is an interval of samlping that we called ``reaction tracing``.
We met each other in the back of a pachinko parler at 5: 20 pm.
Don't focus on thier bad points, so that you can have many good friends.
I'm a Japanese girl that is learning English at the Kansai Gaidai univercity.
I understand you should use pretent tense in a adverb clause even when you refer to the future.
A new resolution is here: improve my English and start learning Japonese (but, first I need a book, so it's not for the moment..).
I've been with them for 4 years. They are 13-14 years old, and now we are facing our toughest challence so far.
I'm impressed how it effectst the movie. It may sound just simple at first but acutually I think it really is complex, well-organized and expresses exactly what must have been explained.
A black car started to move when the traffic light chaned to green.
The driver oponed the window, and began to throw empty cans which didn't hit me.
My home town was just across from the shore, so I was very familier with the town.
When we crossed the brigdge, there was a big intersection, the traffic light was green.
If I had been cought, I would have been killed or beaten up by them.
So at the moment, my diriving technic was slightly better than Nicolas Terol's (Moto GP driver).
It was a very dengarous car chase.
And then, the stupid gangstars came, but I already was inside the site.
I guess Chinese people put more importance on food than any other nation. Confucious said that ``eating is a great happiness.`` Maybe this is because of the long history and trandition of China.
Chinese cuisine is amazing! Firstly, Chinese food is healthy. Look at the people here. Most people are really slim:) cus there are more vegetables than meat in Chinese dishes.
Secondly, Chinese food is very tasty. We have four rules on good food: ``colour, flavour, apperance, and taste.`` Chinese food has the most varity. It's very easy to satisfy ur taste buds, and you will be addicted to its amazing taste even though you may have no idea of what exactly you are eating.
The seasoning of the materials in Chinese food is super important. Only the right materials can make delicous Chinese dishes. I like cooked food. It's safer and healthier and also nutritious.
I think the reason why he knows many dirty japanese words is his japanese frined.
He influences a lot of freign students.
So we went Shinagawa satation first.
Next, we called the aquariaum and asked where it is.
[Diary] Macaron
I didn't know that the macarons are very colorful and cute.
I was so gald to talk to them.
I need strenth.
This mornning I fought with my younger brother.
When mom asked him to turn down the computer game sound, he got very angry and yieled at her.
After that, he threw his mini computer because of his anger (We are not rich enogh to throw mini computer.
He thought I couln't/ wouldn't really throw away his computer because it was too expensive to throw away.
But I didn't care about such a stupid threathen.
If I had strenth, I didn't have to shuddle like before.
I want strenth, I need strenth.
Especially my doughter is really looking forward to seeing thehouse of wax
the house of wax, it says there are some wax dolls which portray the '' The Last Supper ``by leonard da Vinci.
We will have military training for two weeks, how can I get throuth those days?
I plan to set my telephon to wake me up tomorrow.
At work today I was confused a lot and I had a headach, I could not think a lot (either), maybe because I slept late.
Today's manu was tsuna sandwitch and milk tea.
I'm looking foward to going to the cafe every Tuesday.
Nevertheless, as you can see, my English abilitycould still use one word to discribe itself.
Tonight, I take my first step to restart studying English on this Lnag-8!!
Two or three years ago, I tried to learn English since I needed it in my job to communicate with my collegue abroad.
Tonight, I found this Lnag-8 site, and I decided to restart my challenge: learning English!
Cywin Installer Disaster
Do you ever have the same feling? Would you like to tell me?
Not because of lonelliness, but so I get the oppotunity to do anything.
I hope my dream will come ture soon.
east-southnest of Taiwan.
Have a nise day!!!
Yesterday, she was inculated for the first time.
Americans, Vietnamese, Philippino,
Japanese and Canadain etc...
It's still difficult for me to hear the speaking at ordinarly speed
Beacause of personal problems, I disappeared from this family for a long time.
for example, I applied to join 'Skye', but it acqiures that we must do face to face communication.
Before this journey, we had never visit any foreign counties other than Guam and the Philipin.
So it is difficuly concentrate.
Right now it's fine, but in the summer, it seems that electric power companies will be not able to suppky enough electricity.
I always set my laptop in front of me, and adjust the moniter so I can watch more easily.
When I watched one of TV proglam, I needed to click to move to go to the next movie.
When you come to Japan and have the chance to watch a TV, you will see them absolutly.
Today is Friday. I do my work as uaual, but it's so boring and then I chat in QQ.
I cannot understand why the washlet is not very popular in America when Americans care very much about cleaness.
In fact, I heard that celebrities who visit Japan often purchase a washlet after their convenient and confortable experience at restrooms in hotels.
I have rarely seen people carring handcherchiefs since I came to LA.
``Japanese gamer marries Nintendo DS chracter.``
It appeard in a British newspaper.
Gving up some habits to prepare for the exam is acceptable for short time.
I bought some presents and gava it to my parents.
They pushed the ``send!`` bottun at the same time, as soon as the train gets out of the tunnel.
I heard that there isn't a loker room when I went for my interview.
He became an Asian cluture club leaber this term.
My god-brother is very sweet and tendr, which is why he can get along with girls so well.
This year is his last year in senior highhood.
They wanted to play different roles, such as maids, servants, and butlers in a club permotion event.
Sonds awesome as my godbrother is too shy.
I find it intresting to write a jornal in English here.
I will refresh my jornal as often as I can.
I just want to enjoy the beautiful seneray there.
last ninght, I tried again to install my computer system.
I am a computer idiot, however, actually I was sucsseful, I installed the operating system!
so I flet very angry, because the question delayed my study!
today, I took the PET four Exam, it was terrble, from a total of one hundred I answered ten questions correctly, I have fiveteen percent! oh, my lady gaga!
I estimate if I want a pass on the Sepetmber exmaintion it'll be very difficult!!
Though it depends on the day what kind of dishes you can find, I found Japnese, Indian, Korean, Chinese, Mexican, French, Germany and Turkish stands among many others.
That `s why people get to enjoy a glass of German beer with Turkish kebap.
And it was located in Yurakucho, the center of the down town of Tokyo, where hundreds of busenessmen enjoyed their own private time after work.
It was made at a small stand of a staton wagon, so it wasn `t a full-dressed one.
I want to know the result early and study for pre-1 grade.
Today it's Monday, so I went to my school, and it was so boring becaue my teachears aren't flexible.
I feel very unconfertable today.
From last week, about ten people from Los Angels have been staying at her chuch.
I guess that the temperature is 27 celsious, maybe.
I lern english in school, but did not have practice.
Now, I have found this intrasted site.
In Takachiho area, we found a fantastic place where
I asure you that we can live a happy life!
I wish I could have a partner who speaks Japanese or Englisg, so that we can help each other to learn a foreign language.
If you show your phote people may think of you as a hot person even if it
is not your true face, yet there are a lot of comments and corrections for your sentenses again and again from many people.
but I had a speciall day on 12/ 26.
Then, I was very nurbus.
Thanks to her help, Tifanny and me became friends.
The floor of my room is coverd with paulownia which is often used for chests because of its absurbability of moisture.
because I have never seen it mede in Europe or the US.
On rainy days like today when I come to this room and touch the floor with my foot, it is so damp because of its absurbability.
We say compliments, pretend to be good, behave like a human hidding a wild heart.
Perhaps many people unconcious lie about tiny things.
And yes, I'll join you of couese.
In this situation, I definately know their party is never held.
That means going shopping to supermarkrts and groceries instead of my mother.
I can check prices and know waht economy is going on, also I can meet my neighbors.
But, my English communication skill was very poor that day, so I ccouldn't go to stadiums and so on.
Because of that experience, I was determined to learn Engish.
Hi my friends. I woud like to speak English well so I need your help! I am a good friend... you will know if you talk with me. I hope to find good friends!:)
I'm going to decribe two photos.
She is the founder of ``CHANEL``, the famouse fasion brand.
Every step in the campus is an exploration and an advanture.
I just remeber a few things about last night.:D
The doctor told me that the cause of the symtoms was my warped pelvis.
At first I planned to travell with my friends, but at the last minute I copped out.
Of Ofcouse except for my girlfriend.
I wonder if ther are fine.
Fisrt, you might have heard of Taiwan's traditional foods like Bubble tea and Stinky tofu.
You can find them at local nightmarket markets everywhere you go.
If you know how to read eary, please teach me!
But I really feel that if I want to improve my English, I [will] have to have the courage to speak with Enhlish teachers.
Learning a foreign langage is not a easy job. You need to get enough information input in your brain, then it is possible for you to output the language correctly and influently.
Happy Birtyday!
Two days ago in our country, a new actress committed suitcided.
She acted as a minor charicter in a drama which is now broadcasting on tv and gets lots of attention from the public.
Why did she commit suitcide even though she's young and beautiful or even though she's gathered so much attention through this drama.
The acticles said that she had been depressed, so that might be the reason for her death.
Nowadays in our country some celebrities commited suitcided suddenly and people, including me, have been surprised and shocked about it.
I like anime, so I am watching 19 animations in this seaseson.
This number is a lot heh heh hehehe.
Especialy if you are interested in classical music, you can enjoy it even more.
We must send our worksheets whith exercises to the manager of this course.
Now I'm excited in visiting a foreing country.
The orange lights of the buldings are clear and beautiful, aren't they?
I went to see a movie with my freinds.
It was very intereting for me.
She Floating from Short Proglam of eleventh.*
She was slump in the jump from Junuary of Four great land championship.*
The near future of the Olynpics of February,* she found a letter while she arranged fan mail after practice.
Lyman Brothers has just gone bunkrupted, one month or two months ago and AIG insurrance conpany is in financial difficulty, and the unitead States GM has fired lots emproyees
My calasse start at 8am and finish at 4pm.
Finally, I became a sophormore!
I don't want to prepare for recuruitment.
But sometimes I lose time for speaking Englsih by manking a lot of Japanese friends.
Anyway, I want to try to use new vocaburaries and practice for my writing skills.
If you know any good places, plese recommend them.
I'm studing English now.
At the party, we drank a little bit and ate humbergers.
Yes, I have some teaching experiences which I am still writing about in my jornal.
Acutually, teaching English conversation is a small part of my work.
I waoke up at 6: 30a. m.
Becaus I went to bed late last night.
Most Korean students are studing hard.
So, In most people's eyes my military life was nothing more like working on a raunch, but it was a good time making another treasure in my heart.
However, it is difficlut for me to develop my English skills.
Of coursem, I am willing to correct your writing.
Sometime I dream the similar event, I always dream that I am going down the sea and dieing, so I am afrid to swim, if my frind ask me to swim, I always refuse them
Two falavours are in it.
One was ``kinako`` (soybean flour) and the other was ``Macccha`` (green tea).
Thanx! xxx
And this is a Japanease Anime.
If you read all of my entries, you probably know that I started speaking Enlgish ever since I came to Australia.
This summer I'm going to join two tornament.
nice to meeteveryone. I am a new here, today our director told us ``leading and develop people`` I don't know how to expression my pionon. in the afternoon, our 7people went to drink, and bought two steamed bread, today I felt very happy.
There wewe many people and it was very hot on that day.
the food there wasn't ezpensive, so u can have a lot of choices.
I was amazed becouse the snow had thawed.
If you have a courege, you can try it.
They are eiementary schoolchildren.
I will buy something to parper for cooking.
Am I A Gorrila?
At least it is relexing, right?
No doubt, It is suitible for most youngsters and even adults. At least it is a childhood memory in people's mind.
Of course, it is not ture.
Some people called Studio Ghibli to ask about this myth, Studio Ghibli responed jokingly, said 'Yeah, is ture ^ o ^'.
Finally the myth seemed to bustered by the declaration of Hayao Miyazaki.
We're supposed to perform ocarina at Qingdao (Chaina) at the end of October.
You are far far away from me and you are halping me to learn English.
Life was more dificoult.
It's imposible now, isn't it.
I have been playing a DS game called ``Mario and Luisi RPG2`` since last Sundy.
If I can use this concentraiton for my work and study, I would be a big wheel...
Yesteday I went shoping with my frends.
And we pray to reach for the help from all of the world such as Libya or Afughanistan.
I `m studing English and know it at an intermediate level.
But I got well quickly because Hawaii's temperture is very comfortable for me.
The problem with two kinds of medicne
What's more, she felt her doctor was not coniderate, so I gave her advice to go to another doctor to get a second opinion.
Acutually, I don't understand all the rules of american football.
However, I wanted to see how crazy american people get during the super bowl, so I dicided to go to a sports bar to watch the game and the crazy american psople.
I really had goot time, and I will try to watch american food ball this whole season.
I woke up in 6 o 'clock in the morning, then I got dressed and I had to hurry, because my friend and I were going to the sea, but he was late lateand I was waiting for him a few minutes.
I borrowed a thick book yesterday which is called SonwBording.
I have never tried to do sonwbording.
I wanna konw the real voice.
It might have been two or three months bfore.
I'm looking forwrd to picking it up. (^ ^)
I'm going to go to an Italian resutant for dinner with my friend.
I saw it in the theator yeasterday.
This week I have a big exsam.
I have not dicided what should I do yet..
I'm so crumsy that it still takes me at least 10 minutes to open a can.
I am a memder of the soccer club.
But ther is some fun in my school life.
such as, the Fusionopolis, the Biopolis, A* STAR and some reseach laboratories of private companies, if we could have the chance.
The vet said he wasn't sure what the ploblem is.
Plus, if we find out she needs an aperation, it'll cost 200000 or 300000 yen.
But I am wonderin where the border is between people and pets.
I think learningabout the other country's languate where I want to travel is good manners.
because I have to roll my toung.
I'm Korean so I'm interested in neighberhood countries
I just want to speack many languages for conversation with foreigners.
I think the story is like most Ansian people.
Work is thier life.
On Saturday night I'll have a dinner party wiih a piano.
I'm looking foward to the day, and I try to practice playing the piano hard.
I am a system engnieer in system integration part of my company.
Today is a rainny day
I come from Taiwan, nice to meet you. Today it is rainny in
It is a very tough sport, but it is very good exersize for me.
So, I went to STD, and after that I went to Whittard-a tea shop, then I bought a tea pot and creamer as a suvenior:D becase it was on sale!
The youngers in China
Therefore, they become ignorant to the feelings of others, but it doesn't imply that youngers are no longer sympathetic or helpful.
As for me, being one of the youngers, I tend to hold the opinion that the youth are the same as the former generation.
People, especially among youngers, tend to do something by himself, rather than with a group.
Furthmore, youngers are not unsympathetic because, on the contrary, we are full of sympathy.
We remembered the dead people, symthized with the homeless children, and honorned the army.
I oftern can't help crying because of all your great support for Japan.
I would like to tell you what happend around me.
I may find something intersting to write dowm.
I am writing to expess my dissatisfaction with the service that I received at your establishment.
I suggest you employ someone who is more skilled and has a better oarsonality so that your customers time is not wasted.
the reasonis toparticipate in a conference!
I liked my country, but then I liked anoter country.
One of my friends asked me before that you don't like Japan, because most of Japanese go outside becasue they don't like Japan.
It is because of my countr's system I feel.
And I know that I am courious about all things it donesn't matter about my country or others.
I was happy becasue we talk about each other.
And I touched humster.
Sooner or later a massive earthquake will occure in Tokai quite near the plant.
I really experienced numoerous things therein those two weeks, four months.
Unfortunatelly this kind of incidents happen every summer.
Third, their weges are cheap.
To end these problems, arent should stay with their children until they are old enough to understand the risks in the swimming pool.
How are you these days, my friedns?
happinese.
please open your window of heart, let your heart nhave a bath in
I have lived in MACHIDA, which is in southest of TOKYO for 21 years!!
Then, I'll meet lots of people who have various nationarities and tell about good points of Japan culture.
Also, the proffessional school students with whom we communicated could speak to me in English and sing Japanese popular songs together.
I felt humiated, because I could not entirely speak or listen to English, although I had studied it for over 5 years.
I feel confortable.
Long, long ago, there was an impatient, errogent man.
Suddenly, he finds out he is walking on a beatiful path surrounded
and this moring I got up at 6 a. m.
On Friday nignt it snowed a lot when an old friend of mine came to visit.
Then we stolled along the road feeling the touch of snowflakes on our face.
We went into a small reataurant to have a drink.
I couldn't use all of the functions of lang-8 before by iPad, but apparently, I can use all of the functions of it byt iPad now.
I will go to church and I want to meet new frinds.
I hope I can get a good socre this time!!!!!
I am currently studying very hard to pass the '' TOEFL '' that is requred for International Students for entrance into Universities in the US and Canada.
His speach was very interesting.
Irreal houses, rivers, bridges...
This is my first gernal on lang-8!
Woud you mind telling me, how to get the discount price written in the invitation letter.
Let me intoroduce myself.
When I was there, there were no airplane it was full of spectators.
Expecially for last time I got car sick, we were just staying on the phone laughing after I was trying to catch a breath of fresh air.
``I will always be by your side, to help you out in soul troble...``
Hi I'm hiro and this is my second dialy.
These emergency drills were originally held on the 15th of evety month but now they only take place two days out of the year.
When the clock hits 2 at the afternoon, scirens will go off, signaling the start of the drill.
In addition, there are no shops, restaurants, or public transportations in this neighborhood.
He had short hair and wore a white t-shirt and jjeans.
I think I have two chaptors to go and it might take 20 more hours to finish the story.
Overall: It seems like the Amazon River, which flows slowly, calmly and constantly rather than like Naiagara Falls, which flows dynamically, wildly and powerfully.
This evenning, when I load on the news web 163.
He is only 48 years old and he is very excellent, Almost every chinese man knows him through his news report programm.
endeed, I am in school preparaing for entrance to Grandes Ecoles, in order to be aveterinarian.
I suated them with komatsuna (a leafy green vegetable) in the fry pan.
This month by now I have wrote 48 jounals.
Yesterday I learned roots of words in Enghish.
nowdays, almost all science and technology is written in English,
Of course, China is stronger every day; many foreign people come to China to travlling and study.
I think that we can change ourselfe if we step forward with courage.
``Piacere di conoscer-la/ ti`` to wich you can reply:
``congratulazioni`` to someone who has just succeded in something
A nice guy, Wanda, adventures through wanderland.
There are no peaple or animals in this world.
If it's atack hits Wanda, it does a big amount of damage.
but nothing happend.
I'm learning to play in a musical for this lesson, and we (the troupe members) have a board meeting mext summer.
Expressions that subsitute nouns
Can Japan national team wint game?
Sometimes, if you are lucky, you come uopn a snake!
school students sinse they use textbooks that I've used in their school.
I am going write about a person who is not only respected, but also sccesfful.
However, this Succesful person had already decided what they want to do at the company or by themselves when they were student.
I think if we can use the Internet appropriatly, we could gain a lot from it.
If I have a time, I feel specialty food in Fukuoka.
By keeping a routine, I can get up early in the mornig!!
I think it is so diffcult for me to do it.
Would you mind helping me studing English?
Then I will move to Snt.
We are thinking of going on a picnik.
I think it well be very fun, because we are a bit crazy:))) For example, not so long ago we organizated a flashmob.
People were looking at us very strangly.
Why didn't you put on underware?
Yesterday, I used MSN messanger for the first time!
I lile hill climbs and long rides.
Recently, I discovered the english music groupe called Mcfly by chance on Youtube.
Cut the sweet patatoes then boil it.
I am hppy for that,
but I don't know why Japnese learn Arabic?
My teacher pointed out lots of gramatical mistakes like articles, plural forms, verb forms and so on.
Because, one of my firend said,
Then, the night I got the binoclulars,
then, over two large cups of coffee (I'm a self-confessed caffein addict),
Then, I found darl rings under my right eye.
As soon as they got power, they changed the amount of moeny, and they even considered an income limitation.
My momther recomended that I should have bought a cheaper one but I wanted to buy an umbrella with cute characters on it.
I was a little nervous at the thoght that the professor would notice I wasn't a regular student.
So, the test wii be too difficult for me.
I sent back a congraturation-mail to him.
Finally, he gets better and better and is successfully able to finish the speech at the begining of world war 2.
It's very dilicious in there.
Yesterday, I watched a Korean TV dacumentary which was about Africa.
After watching the dacumentary, I realized how comfortably I was living and studying.
In this sence, Japan is in a possition where it can advantageously and financially provide other impoverished countries with development aids.
Or rather it can spread its interesting and unique cultur around the world,
which hopefully renders Japan able to cherish its country's asset more than before, as it has a lot of vounted cultural and traditional values.
So I modified my thesis to include some chenges and submitted it again.
How great was that carving teqnique!
I reallg wanna study English!!! not to meet a guy who wnats a girl.
I like English and histrical things.
But my patrnts don't want me to do that.
Today, I was reading a flyer on this program. I was so suprised!
I'm looking forward very much to seeing my firends and my family:)
I DOESN 'T REALIZE SOMETHING IS MISSING DURING THIS KEY MOMENT.
MY HORRIBLE HAUHTY BEAT ME!!!!
I went to my part time job teaching mathematics to a junior high scool student this morning.
After sleeping, I studied English vocabrary. First I learned the new words 'meaning, then their pronunciation.
Althought I was a badminton player from the elementary school until high school, I have not been playing it for a long time.
The lake's surface was peacefull the other day, but yesterday it was choppy.
We held a sympsium to discuss students who could not attend school due to personal problems such as mantal health, being bullied at school and so on.
They are worring about their children's problems.
I was worring earlier because I hadn't been on it for a long time.
I think that he is very lonly on this trip.
If I go there, I'll walk quuckly on Wall Street like a man pretending to be very busy hoiding a cell phone in one hand and a cup of coffee in the otherer hand.
The third reason is, there are many famouse places there, like the Statue of Liberty, Times Square, and Central Park.
Hi evryone!!!!
We watched a movie that has been very popular with the Japanese latery.
It depends on the sean.
Though I can't help worring about places that have been affected by earthquake, I'm going to go out more frequently.
The Chinese often open the ghost door in Junly.
She never talks a lot, but her words are meanful.
You never expect to hear any nonsence from her.
I was reflesh.
I told her, ``Bite your tougue.``
The following is witten:
[``we don't use gasoline, perfectl tixi!
Better isolaton.
The first programm that I've written is ``Hello, world!``.
Though it is not very long, there are some words that we don't use today, and some sentences are difficult to make sence.
Becouse, the big earthquake and tsunami hit Japan in March..
Tatto boom
I often see many people who have tatoos on thier bodies in the US.
Apparently, getting tatto used to be a military and army thing.
Tatto are not so popular in Japan.
In my oppinion, If we get a tatto, it cannot be easily erased and when we getold, the tatto also gets out of shape.
Tatto influence our impressions of the people who have tatto.
To be hornest, I do notknow any positive aspects of getting a tatto.
I would like to ask somebody who has a tatto what they feel when they get a tatto.
Also, in our life, we can make more and more firends through the internet. So thanks to internet and thanks to lang-8 for helping me make progress everyday!
I mean, I can understand almost everything, but speeking correctly is sometimes very hard for me.
I need to be put on a diet immidiately.
Nowadays I don't have a boyfrined.
Unfortunatly, when I was 10 I moved to another citt and I can't find foreigners here.
Last Sanday it was my grandfather's birthday.
They're very dericious!!
so we may become friends and we can talk about each other's country nd maybe in the future we can meet up at one's country.
now I am sataying in Pohang in Korea.
But I am actually frome Seoul, the capital city of Korea.
here, what I am doning is study in graduate school in EE (electrial engineering) which sounds boring and difficult to others.
I gotta go, so hope you can correct my Eglish writing and I will be your friend.
(Although I have never been to South Frannce.
I held a farell party for my colleague who has worked for 7 years since I started to work here.
The story was very intersting.
I thought to myself, why has this person come here to study Englsh. She is older than me and the only woman.
Today I have a big exam, I `m very afriad, because I don` t know everything, how will I do?
I'm sure that many of you are used to western habits because of work rhytms: wake up early and RUN to work after a coffee, but what is a typical breakfast in Asia, for example?
This wendnesday I satarted school again, in a new class...
I saw some friends I didnt saw during the vacationt and it was nice to see them again...
yesterday after school I went with my friend to buy some fabrics becouse she wanted to make some craft with it, the trip on the bus was so long, the other day she was trying to pass the driving exam, but some old lady that was angry didnt let her pass...
Media Communication is learning about the differences between old media (nespaper, magazine etc.) and new media (such as the Internet).
When I finish the all of my courses in university, I want to be a jounalist.
Tomorrow I `m going to a consert with my friends.
And then we were suspicious of the pizza because we usually mke noise.
I recommand ``My brain says stop but my heart says go`` by FM static.
Thailand is a country where Englsih is an official language.
This lets them learn two languages together even they didn't know it helps their pronuciation.
People who have good language skill tell me that we have to start with listening then speaking, reading and writting, a similar pattern to how we learn our native language.
I found an interesting article in a magajine.
I've never trid this product before but when I was young and stayed at my hometown, my mom often cooked curry for breakfast.
One example of the problems which left-handers people may experience is the difficulties related to handwriting.
It is undeniable that there definitely exist lots of great inventions thoughout human history like the light bulb, the steamer, the telephone, etc.
Similarly, they use these knowlege to make contributions to their society.
Only in this way could we create a harmonious enviornment on the Internet around the world.
We have many lecturrs, and some of them. do not speak English very well.
After thirty minutes, I bacame aware of how difficult it was to understand...
Because it was very embrassing, I decided to study computers.
Sometimes, he wants me to help my neighbors too. (Although I do not like doing that all the time). When I have free time, I can look for useful sofewares and study them.
Does That Make Sence?
I have a feeling when I hear someone say ``does that make sence`` that the peron is getting impatient or just being rude.
I immedeately took him to the hospital.
Anyway he seemed fine befor going to bed.
I'm watching one of the american tv series ``Big Bang Theores``.
Maybe Words Free is not its proper name, but you can find it by typing ``Words free`` in a serch engine.
I think Scrabble is a good plactice to implove my vocabulary.
Are thery any differences between them?
Which is right or which is commen used?
The first person said that they will check whether they can correct it or not and hold on the line for secand.
My wife's zousui contains sliced Japanease rudish which are supposed to be good for you when feeling sick.
My favorite peron is my friend.
Somethimes, we go to su-won.
I like my friend ver much.
It's not the main religion of ur country, right?
But after I have learnt about it, I think we should embrace it, and live up to the standards of Jehova and what his son Jesus taught us in The Sermon On The Mout.
We meet people from different countries there, and mingle toghether and exchange our culture.
Wonderful! So I wanna ask t if I am allowed to join ur congregation in the disscussion next time?
So thank you so much for tonight, I am really appreciative of ur cooperation.
I `m studing in music school playing the piano and syntheziter.
Every summer I go to Ukraina to see/ visit my grandmother.
Our company mainly deals with producing and markerting mobile phone cases.
Tough readin and writing.
Nowadays I practice pronuciation, but it is difficult and very different from Korean.
``Let it be`` was released later than this album but Abbey road was thier last album, because they recorded them later.
In the last years for ``Vote for your favorite album``, it was lanked No. 1 in Japan.
I watch it because it is usefull to me because of the English substitles and it is free to watch.
It seems like I will watch it all of the episod.
My favorite movei is Burlesque.
Christine Aguilera makes an appearence in the movie.
They live far from the academi.
Hellow everyone.
But I also want to make a lot of money, because my family doesnn't have lots of money to send me to school.
Today, I have some puestion about quotations from movies.
I read in a magazine that American newspapers often use quatation.
It was the first stone building in the sity: when King Peter I planned to build the sity, he started with the fortress.
There was an exhibition of the sand sculpture on the beach near the fortress (in the second foto).
In the first foto you can see the famous spire of the Peter and Paul Cathedral seen from the pier.
According to the story, during World War II when the sity was blocked (blockaded, sieged), a whole echelon of cats was brought into the sity for extermination of rats.
I bought rosseta Stone (English levels 1-5).
I can practice how to pronounciate English words and understand words 'meanings without using Japanese.
Today, I wore a black Care Bears T-shirs.
I boght this recently!
But he `s never seen Care Bears T-shirt in Hawaii, so he was surprosed:D
The news said our military rescued 25 sailors who were captured by somalia (adjective) pirates.
Tactically, in this case the goverment should have been pasive, because the captives '
lives depended on the piarete.
I did not cook it the way you're supposed to cook jelly, but I cooked it as if I was making caffee.
I've been using twiiter almost every day.
Unfortunatlly I don't have any pictures.
So we cooked lamb, beef, poak, and sea food.
Indeed, sushis taste good if the shef is nice and tastes terrible if the shef is not nice.
Kyoto has a lot of restrant.
2) When the fat are thin, the thin died a lnog time ago.
I watched part of ``Beautiful Dreamer``, Urusei Yatura's movie series.
Meanwhile, I also want to practice my Enlish.
Becouse I enterd my bank card password wrong three times.
In Japan, Japan TABACCO INC which prodece and sell Somoking is very influential in many areas. For example in the media, the Federation of Economic Organizations and politics.
Last year a politician said that tax one cigerettes would increase so that ono pack could could cost as much as 1000 yen. (current cost is 320 yen)
There is a persone who is against increasing cost cigarettes in medical area too.
He always remarks in media ``what is the scientific proof that smoking is disadvantage to health?`` ``Can you proove the relativitaton between smoking and bad health?`` ``Of course I dont need to say anything about passive smoking``
It is abvious that smoking is bad to our health, but he insists that there is no perfect explanation, so we mustnt not impose on extraordinal tax and exclud smoking peoole.
Today is called ``Marune Day`` and so today is a holiday.
However, today is a school attendence day.
(Chuseok is one of the most imfortant holidays in Korea.)
So it is difficult for him to enjoy life because he controls himself all the time and thinks everything shoul process in the right way.
Sooner soor later I will finish the semester at my university, so I'm busy to sum up my class's for the tests and report.
So I'll do my best this maonth.
Thanks to that, I can now uenderstood it when I watch it again.
Recetly, I get tired easily.
My profile picture has chaenged.
I went to dinner with my friends from my oart time job yesterday.
It was delisious but the restaurant was full of smoke.
I got a small gift from an English magagine company today.
The last time I met an Englis man I couldn't say anything to him, I don't know why but it was impossible for me to say even ``hi`` or something like that.
Also, he had a wife who was a very beatiful.
Still, a ray of the sunset is coming throught the windows into the rooms.
After stuffing all the items into the frige, I take some glasses from the shelf and a Yebisu beer from the frige.
I usually read the entertainment or society secyion n.
In Japan it is a symble of spring, so when I see it I feel sping has come!!
In general, many students will start the job hanting when they become third-year students.
Once they pass the position of ``new graduate students``, thier job hanting becomes quite difficult at an alarming rate.
As a matter of fact, they will spend so much time on the job hanting that they cannot attend the classes they need to graduate.
I got up 30 minutes earlier than usualy.
REASON1/ I want to speak Engilish because...
I read American famous& popular literture, The Great Gatsby translated by MurakamiHaruki.
We watched TV, listend to music, and played the piano in her new house.
I thought I had a nice day wiht my family.
Her color is yellw and white.
While we were staying in Singapore, we went on a tour around Johor Bohru, Malaysia.
There was just a hose or a bucket insted of paper at the toilet.
The first day of outumn has come...
Egyptian food is similer to Turkish food.
It was different from the usual tabacco.
Sometimes it seems pretty hard for me, but I set myselft to rest by thinking about russian grammatics.
Taiwan is the saftiest country of the ones I visited.
The pregnancy happened suddenly, She said that she's relly happy and she's never had a feeling like that.
Many of my co-woker helped me to leran the new system.
Because all of my co-workers are not Japanease.
But, I want to learn onother way.
Could somebady teach me?
Because this is the best way to blash up on my poor grammar.
But I warry about one thing.
I'm not good at writing even if it is japanese (my own langage).
I hope to make my grammer better through this site.
It's a bad day today. I quarrelded with my boyfriend.
I was born in Moldova, and now I'm studing in Riga, Latvia.
This is the main reason (no comma) why I'm trying to learh it.
I'm not sure whether my ancester were ninja or not, but there is a possibility.
Are you interested in Ninjya?
A few days ago, I watched the final episode of LOST, the famous TV serise.
I visited a wax musium.
The musium was brilliant.
I have never been to Sushi Zen, because it is very expensive-one item of bluefin tuna (fatty tuna) costs approximatey 2000 Yen (I guess it's about $ 22 at the cuuren rate of exchang.)
;) I feel most content when I suceed in describing or expressing something, using syntax and phrases special to the language.
I want to make a lot of frends. If you want to make frend with me/ be my friend feel free to contact me.
I just know a little Enlish. What's my aim? Studying English together with whoever wants to learn Chinese.
It's raining outside, and the teumperature drops quickly.
He will leave Japan next summer, so he is writting a book for himself.
He opend a souvenir box, and his appearance had changed. He looked like a groundfather.
everday we went shopping at some prace, and enjoyed it.?
I think that this time, our family ties had deeped more, and more.
Anyway this month is special for me and for all Muslims around the world, and for this I scheduled my time to spend it doing worthful and valuable.
At the begenning of the few months, I didn't understand or even catch a word people were saying. Also there were few Japanese people, so I didn't have a friend who I could truly rely on.
So IIve decided to restudy English from today on, so I can be fluent in speaking English.!
On his two-storeyed factory roof some futon (something for sleeping in) has been stranded up there by the Tsunami.
Today, I bougtht ``yotsubato 9th`` (It's comic book)
I met the president of the campany, and we tolk a lot about the amount of money.
Memory Of A Fisch
So it is said that you can be clever if you often eat fisches.
When they wrere elementary students, they had to collect night soil, scrapheaps, flies and so on.
My favolite singer is Sina Ringo.
Cultural differece...
Too quickly; I am very supurised.
what do you think? are you good at your mother language? how many peole do make mistakes?
freakingly large amounts of money anymore!!
In English class, the teacher mede him read aloud an English sentence.
Aer you okey?
Can you come to Japan from Auguse 1st for about 2 weeks?
You must have a pssport by then.
We woud like to hear your ideas and opinions about open innovation.
We are now learning about open inovation in Europe and US compared Japan.
Oh my God, I'm crazy, frist I don't love him, secondly I think he can't finish with her, but he won't listen to me, I don't know what to do.
The snow piled up in Tokyo the day before yerterday.
I've heard it's a very difficult qualification to obtain, so I have to keep studing for at least a year.
It is very weird that air conditionings creat a hot summer with higher temperatures.
She answered, ``Definetely, the former!``.
Maybe some Engish people know this TV program,
I'll appreciate every correction anyone makes for me, and I'm really thankfull for your generous help.
complecated.
I don't ilke the rainy season.
As time went by, my interest fadeaway away becasue sometimes I didn't received any responses.
There are so many people learning English in the world, it is understandable how many English artiles will be created everyday and it could be overwhelming.
They gave me a souvenior cokkies that contains salt from the ocean around Mont Saint-Michel.
Last night was a rainning day.
I found that there was noboday and felt a little scared.
I was biten by a black dog when I was 10 years old and I even had to stay in the hospital for 3 days.
After going back home, I went online and found that there was another student biten by them 1 hour later after me.
I also had fever, and I was thinking that this [CROSS OUT] might be related with inflamation.
COMRENDES?
After all, I drank five cups of cofee in the end.
After lanch, I pick up my cell phone and saw that there was a call (message) asking me to have a interview.
Also I uploaded my artworkd on Ultra-book.
It is nect to some newly built high apartments.
The symbolic buildings of the modern life and old fationed alleys.
Sometime I go there alone to drink wisky and talk with ``Mama-san``.
Do you immediately notice mistakes when you look at our English sentense?
I don't want to make trouble for my senior bisiness partner.
In Japan, the goverment promised to give every Japanese person 12000yen (about 120 $) as an economic stimulus policy.
Asics shoes aren't as cool as NIKE ones, but they are very functionable and reasonable.
They weok for our subsidiary in America, but I had not yet met them.
The purpose of them coming was to have a meeting about making the budget for the next fiscal yoar.
When they went back to Amerika, they tole me 'Learn to speak English and come to America!!'
First of all, let me itroduce myself quickly!
My company is a farmaceutical company which was incorporated a year ago
My favorite groups are SID, HY, RAD WINPS
I like eating dericous food.
I worked at a Starbacks drinking a cup of coffee in the morning of that day.
I think travering is like buying hats.
We can see a lot of beautiful sceneries, eat dilicious fruits, go swimming in the sea and so on.
Only last sereen remains.
(Family) or hope it will grow helthy and happy.
So, waht do you think about it?
I want to kiil you,
Beause you're tasy. ``I felt surprised and I didn't know what to say.
He's just a 10-year-old boy who likes to use humor to decribe his emotions.
I take a private Eenglish class once a week.
Last Thirsday I got a homework to write an article about a famous sports person using enphasising phrases.
I recently buoght a new English textbook, and I read it as often as I possibly can.
I haven't ever stuied English seriously, but I think that my English will improve if I study it more.
Do you know a Mang Cafe?
It is very convinense and cheap.
We can read many Mangas, have free drinks, Internet, Wathing TV, DVDs and relax!
But thease days I've gotten fat!
snow is beautifull, but also so cold:(
Please tell me what you know aabout it.
I was accidentally attracted by a JP learning magzine.
Its cover had a big title meaning ``spend no money to learn Japeness well!``.
It introduced some language learnig websites. (Most of them are for Japeness leaners.)
After a few minutes, I got an acount.
I couldn't eat them here, because everything is very expencive I coud n't buy them easily.
Recently my favorite song is Taylor Seift's 'you belong to me'!
I like making something like an accesarry, so I thought that I could get some materials over there which have a different pattern than Japanese ones.
Though I still look forword to going to Taiwan.
Actually I started ESL classes. When I am finished with ESL courses, then I will study radia.
Introdution 2
I like to go to BBQs with my friends. They are from China, Koria, Turkey and so on.
Let's improve together and aim for good reasults in our studies!
howth is the place where the Irish flim 'Once' was filmed/ made.
but unfortunatly it was very windy and cloudy.
I'm going to clean my roon, hang out on the futon, walk around
the neighborhood, go to a library and bake a cake
I've had plaied the piano for long time, but I didn't play it for a couple years serioucely.
I admit that I sometimes like drinking some alcohol, liquor, hard beverages and beer on the weekends to relax but it doesnn't implt/ mean that I am a alcoholholic.
I speak English wtih foreigner on msn nowadays.
Where do you reccomend?
Many office workers have a meeting on Monday about last week's activity, and must report their activity for their collegue and boss.
The Perfoamance of Kim Yuna was excelent!!
I came hered from Italy.
In Itary, the temperature is 40 degs.
One night, a family is having dinner togheter.
A man, who is annoyed by the chatter of girls next to his room, would say, ``Speak lower, please.`` This phrse indicates a bit of
On a plane, a passenger was asked by a flight attendant, ``Would you like a cup of coffe?`` Then she says, ``Plase.`` I think it is more polite than just saying, ``Yes.`` I can say, ``Yes`` and then ``Please`` for adding some politeness.
She said she is woking as an import management adviser.
``Hi`` ``Hi`` ``35 male USA U?`` ``18 male Jp`` ``good bye`` wow he's the very same as the first guyy!!
About thirty pepople came.
because I'll play the drums at a concert hall for the forst time!!
Today's class was English grammar about subjective moods, so I'm going to write my diary with subjective moog.
If I can speak English, I will make many foreigers friends.
I am studaying English now. I hope I can pass the IELTS as soon as possible, so I must work hard and I look foward to get more help here.
thnk you
He likes anime, so perhaps we can watch ``Vanishment of Haruhi Suzumiya``, a popular Japanese anime film.
More importantly, you are a very friendly person, and I am so greatful that I have a friend like you!
When I arived in Tokyo, it was quite hot, I was sweating.
Recently, Sammer sale started at most shops so I hope to buy at Paul Smith but I don't have enough money to buy on such expensive stores.
One of my senior classmates in the foreign language department of SZU (my school) hung herself and died the day before yesterday in her dormetory.
So we loughed.
She was very suprised when the doctor told her.
It is nice for me as a nuese and as a human.
Altough we know, either consiously or uncousiously, that money is not the end but the means, we tend to confuse money itself with happiness.
Of course, money is so important for living in society, yet, you sould not forget that this is an illusion made by human beings like laws and countries.
As usual, I commuted by MRT (mass rapid transportation).
Howere, you have helo me a lot with English.
I ate salmon roe with soy sause tonight.
This is good for grawing rice.
on a trip in this wintar holiday.
I know I have to sterdy more.
Today's weather is good, so I aired the bedding before going to the univercity.
I peripared for tomorrow's experiment.
I can't figure out diffrencens among them..
My criant has decided to deal for the advirtising, and
The company's human resorces administrator said that
My name ist Stefan and I'm 18 years old, born on the 17th (of) April (in) 1993.
Changing enviornment, I think is the prior problem for me.
There are a lot of things I need to deal with it, packing luggage, becoming more familiar with foreign language, seaching for a house to rent....
Do you have a twitter acount?
Today, I made a new Twitter acount for practicing my English.
It's a torophy.
I'm thinikng that's all fot today:)
Jay Chou is a Tiwanese singer, and QiLixiang is one of his songs. It means a sort of plant, I guess (I don't know what QILiXiang is).
Yes that is right, to understand Sanma is as difficult as Phyrosophy.
After the training, I ate a mixed salad with mashroom, carot and beans.
Actually, I'm thiking about working part-time.
I'm studying the CALLAN method for speaking, reading and litening to the bocabulary book& CD, and trying to write these diaries for grammer.
I decided to study my English harder so I could speak it fluently somday.
She also knows a lot about Japanese culture. For exmaple, she knows about famous Japanese models, singers and so on.
Listenning to music?
^ ^ thus, maybe I will continute to write my blog everyday.
I'm not good at presenting or speeching, in fact I'm kind of a shy person, but it was good experience.
And, we talked to each other about what I will do after graduation and my campas life.
Someday, I want to go to the Philipine.
To be honest, I don't have any idea of Rewanda. I don't even know how to spell Rewanda.
It's been two days and nobody has correting
Preten to be a Scottish Fold...........
My first diay.
Does cannibalism have to be considered with the idea of cultural reativism?
If I were a pig, I would claim pig dignity, pig previlege.
It might be hard to get protine otherwise, or it might be a sacreed ceremony in that society.
The sea waves are beaytiful.
I don't know the reasin for the hole,
One is the pearent and the other is the child.
Is it pritty?
Laterly I am very poor because I spent much more money than I had expected to.
Thankfully they were rainy days, so I surfed the internet, listened music, and watched movies. I even recorded parts of two songs-one was a Chinese song, the other was a Japanese song. It was in preparation of a Christmas or Thanksgiving vedio for my friends.
I thought they had blocked me on MSN, hehe.
New colleages are coming soon.
We'll have to prepar a computer for them, and will also be responsible for training them.
After my work is over, I alwalys go to the supermarket near my home.
I stop by this supermarket when they are about to close thier shop.
I found her really coorporative, patient, generous and smart.
Recently (,) Haneda Airport changed from a (mostly) local airport to a truely/ proper international aiport.
Recently, I started to write my blong on the internet.
Honestly, I've been afraid of daclareing my true intention for learning English. (space)
Athough I don't speak English often at the moment, I wish to improve my English.
It is cherbet ice cream with many kinds of fruits.
Because this drama is not a mede-up story-the characters, drama, and everything are from real local life.
Now someof of my work is almost 3 months late!!
Is it a magic holiday, or it is just costom???
He said to CNN that ``I can do anything, I can be snything``
Every time I tried to come up with an idea, the person who recieve a postcard said it was good.
Active: Don't blem me
Passive: Let me not be blem.
Active: She gave me a prasent yesterday
Passive: I was given a prasent by her yesterday.
A prasent was given to me by her yesterday.
but it will be dificult to establish a company.
It is bery nice of you to see my diary writen in English.
It has become an incomplehensible text, but this is the end.
Have you ever experienced nonstable sleep?
the horrouble situation, we get used to it at the end.
It was a chance to have an exprience in an English meeting.
There were people who work in ther countries in the conference meeting.
Others are hunging wind-bells and banboo blinds as the devices to create that ``cooler feeling`` for getting relief the summer heat.
But my friends who are leraning German with me don `t or can` t participate in the program.
But I have found that there are a lot of English words which although I can rean and understand them, I can `t use them in writting or converstion.
So I must improve my English vocabulary untill summer.
It was nominated for the 2008 gramy award for song of the year.
* ice cream soad
It seems easy to convert feelings to the opposite one once I have recovered the orginal positive mind state.
I think there is a kind of horizon between our positve and negative mind states.
Remember you never drag yourself alone into the dark, but the poeple around you as well.
If you think someting positive, it will come true for you.
Today is Saturday, and all my colleages went out for fun.
However, the results did not satisify me.
In Japan, we can watche it on Sundays, so I am in the habit of watching it.
My school closes for summer vacation tihs Friday.
After long and greatful summer vacation I want to study, study, study, and study again!)) web-design courses, photography courses, preparation for TOEFL, dancing...
Rencently, the news reported on many food safety problems.
Food retailers have responsability,& nbsp; too.
So I have decided to pratice my English writing skills from now on, on here, Lang-8.
Creating a vitual life which correlates with your destination is the best way to get it.
I drank madicine, and sleep more and more.
I am very happy to join the big familiy.
I am a Chinese girl. I want to make good freinds here.
My professor said, in this case, present tense means someone's habbit or a fact.
I tried to memorize the new grammer for the next lesson.
Tiger is one of the best animals (which) he liks.
On the way of returing home, though I pushed the twin stroller,
Every evening plenty of classical concerts are offered in churches, theaters and historical buildings, while in the daytime there are marvelous views of castles at Moldau. All the buildings with pastel colours and graceful decolations in the old town attract strolling people.
The cheapest seat, which is located in the highest etage but still close enough to watch the stage and orchestra, kosts just 50 kc (2 Euro, 220 yen).
I had no plans, so I just hunged around and droped by (visited) interesting places.
Second, I had a cicret birthday party for my friend.
Because she came from Kansai area soon acept that application.
Then we went to karoke.
Economics, sciece, engineering, and technology change day by day.
We konwn many methods to relesase stress.
Some people eatting sweet chocorate, have heavy foods, drink achol, or buy expensive bags.
If I have am streessed about something or somesone,
When you learn a language, you must develop the muscles of your speech orangans to produce unfamiliar sounds.
So, I `ll cheer for the Cunucks!
It gives us an English language enviroment.
I hope everbody is happy, and all of us improve our abilities quickly.
we could go fisching, run barefoot, and wander the streets with a vacant smile on our face and melting ice-cream in our hand.
Are you like go for a walk with your friends, eat chokolade, and look at the sky?
Last week I took an English volunteer interview and people who pass the interview have the chance to show museums and other places to forgin tourists.
I thought I did a bad job last week but yoday I recieved a message from the interviewer.
She said I passed the interview and asked me if I wanted to go to the Zhejiang Silk Museum as a volenteer.
What I have to do is give tourists a tour of the musuem.
Today I heard that my colleage would like to skip the writing class since she didn't finish her writing homework in time.
Most of the TOEFL topics are dilemmas, we have to explain the main idea, find the sentence or appropiate supporting sentences and write about them in 250 words.
It's quite difficult for non native English speakers to discuss unfamilair topics, I also tried to practice my writing here for my first TOEFL examination.
Even if we (can) pass TOEFL to study abroad, we plan to come back home to work after we graudate, so in my mind I thought that studying in Thialand might benefit my country more than studying abroad, for which we have to pay high fees for the test and tuitition. One good point of view for higher education abroad is to broaden your mind and accept a diffirent culture or lifestyle.
Studying in our home country will result in much reasearchs and development, this ecomomic crisis will strengthen our country.
Even though people in Thailand admire the new generation who graduate abroad, I feel I should promote higer education in Thailand.
Today I heard of this website from a friend, he said it is uesful for language study.
We would have to understand different cultuer.
Somoday, I wanna live in another country.
Of course, soccer isn't the only exersise I enjoy.
I bought a gudget named FITBIT.
The gudget can log my dayly activity.
The IF of the activity is web brauser.
Of couse I'm still bad with English.
I mighit write in it every day.
I like helthy food. So, I often eat fishes.
This day I've met a forein couple.
Although, the weman didn't eat a lot of sushi.
I heard that there are few forein people didn't eat law fish.
That weman almost has not eaten any law fish.
I Hate beeing alone
My parents brought my favorite thigs to me: some Japanese food, some books, and some clothes. I love everything!!
I am just observing this week and will beging
This is why I think it is my part of identitiy.
Lots of words disappeared from my head, and I forgot lots of grammers.
I would like to shere details about me to people who read my diary.
I spent the money to cornect the internet to my house. The computer is my sister's, she bought it maybe 5 months ago.
She don't want to cornect it but I do because I would like to use lang-8 at my house.
My sister said that after I cornect the internet, her computer had a proplem and may have breaken it..
We don't understant each other. In the end, I decised to cancel the inthenet service.
Some people are now willing to learn Cantonese, but I have to tell you that you are actually only learning one version, which is the offical one.
Many centuries ago, lots of people from north of China moved to Canton to escape the war and cold, and then the immigrants 'language gradually evole into a new kind of language, which is a mixture of Mandarin and Cantonese.
I love taking photograh but nowadays I have not taken any.
I've recently started taking an interest in photograh again.
I attached 3 qute photos of amimal
This year, I called them nearly everyday to share my happlyness and sorrows with them.
When we leave we must remeber always to come back.
However, it will be rainy for 4 days from tommorow onwards.
Actually I think I cannot get full marks on all of the quetions.
I mean I did it but I just gussed the last 20 questions......
There are KANJI, HIRAGANA and KATAKANA in Japanese, That's creazy!
As everyone knows Japanes originated from the Chinese.
So, logically it should be easier to guss what the words should be I think.
It is a really beautiful city with many things that can make us very supprised.
I don't know how to decrible how wonderful it is.
I am sitting and enjoying the view from the wimdown of the hotel and I feel a bit regretful because I am leaving Nha Trang tomorow.
The Japanese rush to the fully-blooming cherry blossams in order to hold parties, called ``Hanami``.
I heard that it is rude to say ``Can you play teniss?``
So please seach me!!!!!!
He can speak Chainese very well so he know a good way to learn a language.
Welcom party
Their new circumstances, taking care of thire baby and so on.
My compluter wasn't working last night.
I'm looking forword to someone's corrections.
I was reminded about it when my new friend asked me when my bithday is yesterday.
I knew why the students did so. Becasue when I was in college, it was very annoying when the teacher talked about something so dull and useless that I wanted to sleep.
In my nineth month of pregnancy
Starry, starry ningt, flaming flowers brightly blaze, swirling clouds in violet haze reflect in Vincent's eyes of china blue.
Everything seems to be so uncommon but moves your heart strengthly.
did anybody see the movie called ``Heatless`` with Jim Sturgess?
I need to know how to say something, cuz I have to send a letter to someone, but I don't know english, so plese HEPL ME.
I try to look at everyting from the positive side.
It was so funny thinking abou it now.
I would like to take this oppotiunity to exchange deep and beautiful thoughts with people from all over the world.
It would be very nice if we could learn from each other, and be a good infulence in order to develope as a good perason.
I would like to calivate an international friendship.
tahnk you again.
These are hand warmers, boot warmaers, etc and small packets which are held in the hands.
If Mongolians could get hokkairo easely, they could be so happy.
Therefore I felt his patoriotism in his essay because most of the students wrote about commercialism like the hospitaly in high grade hotels.
My L-8 Freiends, please, give me some suggestions.
However I ate a fast breakfast and I washed up fast when I leanred that we would go into the field with my dad, exactly in the currant field.
I found my friend was crazied about shopping.
even though she had alread bought many clothes last week.
today I had a very good time! cuase 'few people will chat with me.
Japanise animation
Speking of a Japanese animation, on Sunday evening, [SAZAE-SAN] and [CHIBI-MARUKO-CHAN] are shown on TV.
bamper.
So my friend and I were dizzling and totally tired.
I'm very intrested in philosophy.
But we care about the huge earthquake that happend in the Tohoku area..
The parade started at 10: 00am, at that time it was a liitle bit rainy and cold.
Many people in Omaha came to see the parae, so I really enjoyed it.
this semester we finished our graduation perforence perfectly!!! im so pround of our show:) and I also took the TF test, although the result is not high enough, I still can go to America next winter!!! ^__ ^ it's really exciting:) im going to Idaho...
I arrived at the academy after class was finished, so I couldn't haer a lectuer for even one minute..
I felt so terribel because of my bad habit.
But I think we should deside independently with whom we want to marry
The fisrt class of translating subject!!!
It was different from what we had thougt before.
We anwered after discussing together.
But it was really surprising because the biggest problem of learning about the subject of translating was not about the languages that we wanted to translate into, but the ability on using our mother tongue itsefl.
Because my hometown in Tokai is hamous for ham..
I'm writting this at work._ (sorry boss!)
She is very prity!
I started studying English maybe during erememtary school, second year.
Comfiscate is the word I have memorized today!
Please teach me example sentences containing the word ``Comfiscate``.
August is the best season for diving ahd shnorkling if you can bear the cold water.
DAIHATHU may not be as famous as the other automobile makers.
The teachers were there too; evryone drank and ate a lot.
On my brother's vacaition we traveled to LA, Las Vegas, and San Francisco
He's not very good at stadying things like English, math or Japanese History.
Actually, I thought anybody could be a teacher, becouse you just say what you know, and so there is no effort for it.
And you must pharaphrase more simply.
Controlling my Budjet
So, I decided to control my Budjet by checking my expenses with an iPod app.
On the way there, I saw a big rainbow acrossing a river.
Reading is spectially hard.
And If I have Chinese freinds, I might/ will come to like Chinese as individuals at least.
I live in Italy and I'm a biologist. My specialitation is Nutrition.
Today, I will introduse the SAGA international baloon festa.
That festival is the lagest scale event in my town, started in 1980.
It is so fantastic that many baloons take off simultaneously.
For example, DORAEMON, Tom& Jerry, Pikachuu, ATOM etc.
The seconed is a very practicel sentence because I might have a lot of opportunities to use this sentence.
The culture of IBM influences me, they are dedicated to every clents 'success, innovation that matters, trust and personal responsibility in all relationships.
Nowdays, I love to read books that wrriten about other languages..
I'm trying to make some sentances..
I beilive her river, asada mao will be better next time,, ^ ^
althogh there are some mistakes in today 'game.
Therefore, this semester, I want to study hader than before with my favorite lectures.
Love, family, friends, career, dreams, ambitions; They are indeed significant, but they are no more important than one word called ``happy``, because life is precious, unperfect and fragile.
There are 28 letters in totall in the Arabic language.
Tanween is used as follows:
If you want to say ``coffee's``, then it will be qfwatin (``tin`` is kasra plus tanween).
If you want to say ``of coffee`` it would be qfwatan ``tan`` is fatqa's tanween.
There are a lot of Arabic words that went into the English language. For instance, alcohol, lemmon, soda, guitar, sharbet, arkari etc etc:)
I forgot the passward and even my ID.
if you know me, let me know my ID and passward.
I uploaded my last entry a kinda long time ago, mayb two months.
I didnt write any entries aabout porno!!
yeah I lov korea.
Furthermore, they have to hone their language skilss to perfection in order to perfectly understand their lectures.
Another problem is the fact that you may miss home and friends and propably won't get a chance to visit them frequently (plane tickets are too expensive to buy every weekend).
Earthquakes occure here from time to time.
It's weired.
This year is very weired.
staying with a few colleages in our leisure time. It's a little troublesome to organise a
A good neigbhor I have.
Organizaing and Planing is The Most Important Thing
Like thd saying, ``It can't be helped``, I have to go through the process of trial and error to make a well organized and planned life.
It was awsome!
After I returned to the house I put the pictures on the computer and enjoyd looking at them.
In my class, I heard that the Japanese didn't take care of their own oral hygiene while in other advanced countries, people went to the dental clinic in order to undergo medical examintion twice a year.
Some Japanese people who can't speak English at all said to me ``Oh Tomo-san you can speak English fluently, I envy and respect you.`` Every time I hear this kind of opinions from their pretty and wetty mouths, I get so excited as he adrenaline rushes to my head.
So I deside on it.
After watching the video and listeng to the song, I became more interested.
Acording to the legend, a pair of stars were separated by the Milky Way. They are lovers but they can only see each other once a year.
Yesterday, I sent an email to my professor with my lab partnar.
I'm sorry to bother you, but could you tell us when it would be convinient for
I am gonna join this club every Monday and Wedn.
I have not written writtern this diary for a long long time.
Because the bowlling alley was so crowded, we had to wait for about an hour!
I went crazy bowlling and played three games.
The band I'm crazy about is called ``HEAVY CLAFT``, they are a melodic pank band.
You may know about the Snow Festival that is held in Februrary every year.
My strong points are buildign servers, and responding to security problems.
I like to read everything aroud me.
As I got more intersted, I watched them again and again, and finally, I could understand what they were saying and laugh with them.
Tomorrow norning is going to be scary.
Because I think that growing the foods is fundamental to human life and especially in Africa, or other developing countries, we need to help teaching agricuture skills.
Although it could be transrated into 'Genki desuka?' or 'Tyoushi ha dou?', we hardly say these.
At the same time, I study law. I might want to be a lawer in the future, just might...
Beginning today, I will write notes in this daiary.
Yeaterday was China's traditional Valentine's Day [Qixi], however, it seemed nothing to me.
I just try to think what I didi wrong, but no answer comes to mind.
I know taht I am a new worker, but I want to be a good worker, and I trying to.
Good moring everyone.
There are many covenient menus in computer programs.
Although I sat in the right front seat, I cound not keep up with her ant-like voice.
I really want to say ``soory`` to you. These days, I thought a lot of things about my college life. I made so many mistakes that cost me lots of chances and time.
In this world, there is just one person thai I can call ``father,`` and only one person that I can call ``mother``, so, what is the cause of me not cherishing the days I stayed with them?
The workshop with Japaness in our school was finished yesturday.
After two month in July, it's our turn to travel to Japan and have a workshop with Japaness.
I expect I I will have a good time and meet more Japaness.
If I comfronted with them, I'd make friends with them.
Now she's looking for a job, especailly in Marketing management and advertisement.
I have to do my best at alll times.
And perticles of sand that also shape stars were abound in the beach.
He became verry happy when it arrive at my house.
The adresses was in a different part of city which he had to visit.
To reach the adresseses he wanted, we organized a car and a map according to a plan.
We finished our program at 8 o 'clok.
And the time came for him to leave for the Ukrain, because he has some work to do there too.
Can I ask why the exlipse happened earlier than estimated?
I should be very very carefull.
Last year the winner was Valerio Scanu, with a ``melodic`` song, I've often said it is ``a song for old people`` because of its rythm, but it is not bad XD:
(4 years ago, I started UK's indie rock music and became interested to stady English.)
I heted English, but now I like English!
Of couse I'll cook some spaghetti and curry!
Everytime that I've enjoyed the plot of the book or the writing style, I can say I'll always read almost all the books written by this writer.
I think it's like the beginning of an ``intimate`` relashionship with the author and I want to know the ``world`` of this writer.
A video about sushi in English was shown and the instractor explained sentences which were used in the video.
``Nigiri zushi has long been a favorite delicacy for the Japanese.``
I'm busy and I've been going to bed so late resently.
They catch mackarels
For my coworkers and castomers, I work hard!!
It went to Hornsby via Marcuarie Park and Univeristy.
At that time, I choosen to leave that school
And every time I have seen a middle-ager jogger
Today I heard some shoking news.
The prior president of Korea committed suicided this morning.
Before he died, I also felt a sense of betrayal like other many Korean poeple because of his irrationality that was revealed a few weeks ago.
Of course, it's just a superstition, but my tutor was very I intrest in it.
Eternal sunshine of the spoless mind
Or, just ur projection or imagination.
Therefore, I went to a movie theater to watch Transformars; dark side of the moon.
But in the mornig, we went to the Farmer's Market.
For exsample, there were animals, Superman, and a firefighter.
First, some children cannot gto to school.
In children's case, they will be unenable to learn in the school.
Other than that, children maybe unenable to go out with their friends.
Nobady knows when wars or tributes will hapen, so they have no choise, but to stay home.
for producting ships.
It's going to be longerst bridge in Korea.
Rakugo is one traditional Japanese art of storytelleing.
Although signing in to skype and having to take a long time to solve a little preblem every time,
So I am really greatefull.
I decided to recite an English word every day and starding using it.
We publish lllibrary news and I have to take part in making it.
I can see lots of differency!
It's a really beautiful sea but we are not allowed to swim in it because of the crocodailes and sharks!!!!!
A duplex house is a dwelling for two families, including two separate residential units. I mean, two enterances, two kitchens, two living rooms or such.
A young woman called Natalya had been talking to us about working for the famouse cosmetic company ``Oriflame``.
When we ususlly go out, we leave Grace in the Pet Hotel.
Our eldest son went to Austraria this summer for a week.
Fortunatery Grace got her space in the car.
My husband set up the hummmock between the trees for the children.
Instead of them she played with her favorite toy.
I think if my plan were to be carried out, everyone would feel more confortable!
It's very intresting!!!
Today I found this webside on my friend's Facebook entry.
I immediatly registed without thinking.
At last I purchaced a 42 inch TV with three tuners for digital terrestrial broadcat.
That meanins we are study companions to each other, each doingour bestfor our ownpurposes, I think.
The first two years were difficult, and they were nothing I've ever experieced before.
I got used to being here, but I loat my motication toward learning English.
I hope it will be a good appotunity to get my motivation up.
I really love that we help improve aou hearts together.
I updated the farmware of my wireless router and changed its channel again.
In my prediction, Hideo Higashikokubaru slightly has an advantage than others because of his publicity and his achievement as the former governor of the Miyazaki prefecutre.
We got a Disny English CD.
When it comes to types of damege done to crops, in Australia ``fire`` was the greatest
Tommorow Never Knows
Tommorow I was going to play tennis and have a BBQ party at the tennis club, which is the club where I play tennis almost every Suturday or Sunday.
It is said that the breastfeeding rate in China has been declinded.
Besides, as I've mentioned above both parents have to work in this competative society, so they have little time left to take care of 3 or more children.
girl that Ilove.
There are foutains, crystal
I also Ilove this place because
Even when they began to posses them, they didn't have many apprications except for calling, compared to the recent phones.
I decided to start this English blog to have an oppotunity (spelling) to write something in English.
And we went to boldering gym.
Boldering is a sport that you need to climb up about 5m on the wall.
We played boldering for about 2 hours.
I like my scool festivals.
First of all, I have to thake to ``jupiter827`` and ``Tokyo_ Girlie``, who answered a lot of questions for me, that is really helpful.
This morning, I suddnary wante to make a spanish omlet.
I really missed her spanish omlet and I desided to make it myself.
Instad of potatos, I put tometos into omlet.
I recomend you to try itwhen you make omlet.
They alse recycled the trash.
For a long time, in this jarnal I have not written.
Today is the start of a charenge!
Now I will go to lunch. After, I will write in this jarnal!
I watched TV to intoroduce the online way to study English, the name of the TV show is ``I know``.
I heard it is maede in Canada.
The man who began to make ``I know`` said it is most important to improve words and frases.
So far, I studied Engliah grammer.
hunging out with my friends.
It's a beactiful city with blue sea and golden beach.
NO. 1 Middle School, pleaes wait for me!!!
At first she needed me for some help on things wich she really didn't know how to do.
From the dorm apllication, learning program apllications, to every step of preparing an activity for students of our department, she always asked me to do them for her.
Before I would refuce it indirectly, and she was still fine.
But now if I do refuce her, she gets mad and says that I'm very mean to her.
The Bigining of 2010
Because I am a valunteer at my school now.
I hope we can learn different things and happy togeter.
These days I recognize that Engilsh is very important.
Previously, I don't have so much disire to see the concert, because I 'v seen linkin park's concert once.
For example, when he wanted to learn Hindi, he just went to India without studying learnings.
I thought I had not written a jounal for just a few days, but actually it was a week.
I am turning into lonly person.
But few hours befroe, He called me and said that not available today...
Anyway, just I told my feeing nowaday in the diary.
When we were on our way home, my douather fell over suddenly!
His dancing and songs were briliant.
sacnf, a pair of mittens, and lipstick.
So I just remembered this web site and how usefull it could be!
I have had a bad headache from this morning. It is very uncomfortabled I got a pill and took a rest but it didnt work at all...
I need to put more time in my study/ studies, easpecially (in) English, in order to get a good mark in the graduate exam next year.
I had Toeic Class this eveing.
When I arrived, I was very hungry so I overeated.
Hello, my wonderful friends. The day before yesterday when I went to the internet shop to fix my computer, while I was on the lif (avator or something, I don't know how to tell you in English but when you don't want to use the stairs, you can use it to help you up to the top), I was carrying my PC in my hands.
There was a liltle child arond 5 years old who pulled my hair>. <
When I was young, I was in love with eating American style junk food shuch as pizza and hamburgers.
When I eat somthing so delicious, I feel so good and happy.
I couldn't memerized every thing.
I have class ``tomorow`` about American sign ``Language``.
frist I thought that is like the English languge but not really they are for for the poeple can to listen so they shoud be use the sing to conversation.
I have classe at 10. 00 am in the moning.
good nign from Thailand now.
We are going to sing two songs, one of three part chorus plus piano accompaniment, and one four part a capela chorus.
I was suprise.
I went to the chilli festival in Frementle today.
For my firend
I love eating, Listenig to music, watching movies and talking!
I went up the stairs two at a time becase I was hurrying.
It `s an American druma.
I fell in love with watching mortorsports, especially Formula 1, yesterday was the last F1 racing day of the year.
``Let's watch Star Wars!!! There's a TUTAYA over there!!!``
So, we went to TUTAYA and borrowed Star Wars Episode 6.
But I tand to be razy studying.
I must be a better lerner.
Everyone plase correct my sentences. (:_:)
and find a job as sonn as possible.......
Now I'm looking for a theme, an interesting or favorite one for the 4th year of University.
Moon rabbite is the most famouse tale in Japan.
It is common sense that Moon rabbite is hitting a rice cake on the moon.
Because the moon's silhouette looks like a rabbite hitting a rice cake.
A tarented person who can talk with a goat
I like the humburger and I `ve tried them when I went to America.
I wonder which humburger shops is more popular in America?
Could you recomend any good humburger shops?
I want to try some good hunburger shops again when I visit America!
But, hey I'm talikng about me right now, so taht means strange girl meets strange boy in very weird circumstances.
and lots of koreans confuse this with 'flatter' but flatter can be used in the opposit way for example when your friend wears new clothes or gets his or her hair cut, at times like these when you need to set the scene for somebody to make them happy.
The driver pretended not to hear me, and completely ingored me.
rainning ~ rainning ~
It's rainning today.
I'm sure this isn't my general level Enlish because it only measured my writting skills.
I think that gene recombination is so usuful and revolutionally for us.
All members of our high school choir club were so nurvous, but we managed to get through this which means that we can go to the next stage.
The reason we were so anxious is because our performance this year was of a lower standard than avarage.
I just scoled my kids.
I scoled them.
Anyway, let me talk about my plan on Chirstmas.
The problem is I have no idea what present should I buy for her as a Chistmas gift.
I'm a colleage student and I will graduate soon.
But I'm glad you asked me for my e-mail adress.
Drinkng with my custumer.
The atmousphere is so nice, I want to visit there again.
Then one of my custumer said that you don't have to say the reason why you cannot;
When you do that, other people will help you archieve your goal!
Crithmas Present.
(We bought clistmas prezent for each ather with my hasband.)
I want to use nou, but I can't.
I can't wait until Crithmas Eve.
I have DVDs and some magagines about it.
I wanna corect more of them.
And I wanna watch ``Eclips`` soon!!
I like B because her choice in fasion is very cute and gorgeous.
And she gave me a poket tissue.
However, it will be revised, and we cannot be satiafied as long as the promise of free highways
I invited two young ladies to come to my hometowun Kamakura.
in Jpane, this is a famous anime moive,
I guess it is because I only studied reading and grammer hard when I was a junior high school/ high school student. It is strange as a human being that I can read, but cannot listen to English, isn't it?
I have just finished doing exercuses from an English page.
I sent a message to my frined on Lang-8. I feel happy coming again to write my diary.
I will try to write my dialy in this site once a week.
I really feel like having a little bit of English in my mind before I start working today, because I want everybody to really understand what I wanna convey and of course I wanna be ready to answer questions or requests at the store. I hope my job is not so difficult and that I may (can) leanr a lot of new stuff...
God please make me very smart and wise (as) it's incresdibly difficult to be in another country...
I nwanna cry sometimes but I cant in front of all these people and I can't eat anything....
I don't wanna buy newe clothes,...
Ysterday, I did not sleep well.
Secondy, the best advantage of autumn is apples.
It's obivious that autumn is the time to read books about autumn.
I wish I could read it in the original, but I afraid my language skills aren't good enought.
Because you were sumurai.
The first video clip was taken in Torres del Paine, a place near Chili.
Tiday, my daughter's best friend's parents invited my daughter and I to their house.
I answered that I didn't remember the number but as a regular visitor security guards usually let me in just by calling his appartment because previous guards obviously remembered the number of the appartment.
I heard that in Helsinki a scoop of Haagen Dazs ice icecream is 10 euro.
I have benn studing Engkish recently.
But I shall never give up untill I get what I want!
One of my English teachers taught me the preasure of learning English.
it seemed to me like a movie or darama.
I suppose cooking is far more creative for her than working in a small design firm, Actually, her food is really good and most of them are her orijinal recipes.
I want to make meny friends.
In China, Friends videos, mp3s and scripts are very very populare on the internet.
My frien likes Joey baceuse he is funny and doesn't share food with others.
Rachel is a beauty and Phoebe is a weirdy.
Everyone's performance is perfect on the first and last seasons (I only saw season1 and 10 and I need more time to download and watch it.) I can't help laughing out loud when I am acthing it.
I'm waching the last episode.
She gave me an e-mail and she informed me how she's been geeting along in it.
In a ring, two smo wrestlers hold a baby wrestler face to face with each other.
First of all, I did a good job, probabry!
At least most celebrites have to work very hard.
As far as I'm concerned they also have to spend lots of money ono security because their private life is public.
I was diagnosed as having allegic conjunctivitis.
MY BIGGEST ADVEMTURE IN THIS SUMMER!!!
I enjoy such unexpectable meetings while on a trip.
When we get along with people, even strangers, it will be a memony in our life.
He can jumpping and run very well.
I passed the Singaporean driver's license paper text in Feburary, but 3 minutes later, I realized that I had already lost my JAPANESE DEIVER 'S LICENSE somewhere in Singapore.
To be hoest, I don't want to go back to Japan for even a few days.
Besides, the Japanese government will raise a concumption tax up to 10%.
So this time, I want to go back to Japan directly by Singapoe ariline.
The image of Japan for foreigners, I think, was the misterious nation, concrete jungle, and men having the ethic called ``samurai spirit`` wearing suits.
However, the predudice in which Japanese people are marked with not having human face is totally untrue.
People who have little knowledge about Japan tended to think like the descriptions I mentioned above, ironically enough, the disaster reveiled our humanity.
During this time-space travel he finds his first love, Livia Beale (staring Moon Bloodgood), who left him without saying goodbay eight years ago and had disappeared since then.
A main difference between Italian and English is the lenght of the sentences in their written form.
Thefirst point is the ``economy ploblem``.
Thesecond reson is the ``road condition (s)``.
Hoping there's someone to save me, to bring me far away from here, to a brand new world full of blossoms and flowers, fresh air-the ideal kindom I would like to belong to, in which I could completely display my talents and achieve what I deserve.
I'm waiting for your unswer!
I'm so hungry, but I'm dranken.
Hi all, my nikname is Madi and I'm looking for nativ English speakers.
Recenty I have been thinking about being sensitive.
Becouse I suddenly got a pain in my back yesterday.
After seeing a model wearing this dress in a magzine, I decided to order it from the internet immeditately.
I'm goint to turky!
I'm going to Turky with my custmers tomorrow.
Hope I can keep on writting at least a message everyday and have a lot of fun here.
* Tmorrow will be the result of the exchange student process.
I didn't answere that question well...
I hope I will be allowed to go abroad as an exchaned student.
Please, please, Plaese...!!
I met with a frined of a friend last night.
I could answer only half of them and coudln't answers the other half because I couldn't understand all of their questions.
Vasicaly, this is the first time I have spoken with regular people.
They responded immediately, and told me that I sould not pay much money to get a new one.
I was luckey.
I really appriciate their help.
My mouth was so cold that I couldn't taste which fravor I was eating.
I'm planning to go abrord while on vacation next month.
Luckly I was able to get a ticket to America at a low price.
But I haven't reserved a hotel so I still need to find a cheape room.
It's been a while since the last time I traveled abrord.
My girlfriend's burthday is on the Monday of next week.
actully I did 't preperate his birthday
Today's wheather is not good in Niigata sity in Japan. Spelling
I will keep making an effort to write English diaries ong Lang-8.
I went to Hong Kong and Makao with my mother and sister.
In Makao, we ate the same egg tarte and saw the same street scenary in a drama I watched.
Though the tarte was a little fatty, it was popular among other tourists.
Seeing beautiful buildings, scenary, and shops, we felt like it was a dream.
I can use Japanese and I am especialy
He is 5 '' 5, skiny and had long blond hair.
The one I want is very expencive.
tomorrow I wll go, though.
They should control theirselves although there is the word 'youthful mistake'.
I wached each movie, and I accutualy felt that the movie lacked an explaination and that it's difficult to understand the story.
My host father sometimes takes me to various place, for example crimbing a mountain, or shopping...
If I move downtawn, I have more time to do something, study English, talk to strangers, or take workshops...
I therefore envy Korean fans. We are not sure when it wil be broadcast in Taiwan. It's like endless waiting and really tortures me.
In a shop, 32V was cheaper than 26V, a staff said 32V was more popullar than 26V, so the price was cheper.
So, I bought some clothes, but, unfortunatly, it is too big for me!
Can't remeber words, write correct sentences or even can 'tspeak it properly.
I had Japanes homework from my mother.
avoid: We should avoid direct conflict when we desagree.
postpone: Our school postponed the beseball game because of the bad weather.
interfere: Some kids say that day don't want their parents to interfere with them, but in actuality, kids can't live withought their interference.
lack: I sometimes lack patince with my sister.
I want to talk with many foreiners in English.
Especially, when its roof is coverd with snow.
It's so sweet but it has a teribble smell.
Becouse, I always believe in the power of jewerly which is a realy wonderful power like charming.
Of couse, I have one which is anklet was made by myselfe.
Nara is a traditional prefecture in Japan and it is famouse of having deers.
Sentokun is the main Buddhist charactor of the 1300 year anniversary of Heijou because of him having horns.
However, some people debate which charactor is the best because Sentokun isn't so cute.
Come tommorow, too.
Recipe for macaroni salada with avocado
Mix all materials in a boal and add salt and pepper to teaste.
I was surprised that some people actually complained about the tast of their lunch.
After all, I just have less time to propare for my/ the big exam.
Foryunately, I can enjoy sunshine every morning.
Remeber, when you get on a train, you have to wait for all people who want to get off it.
I'm going to go snowbording in Nagano!
As time gose on, I can learn, exeprience someting new that I didn't know about.
There are some vegetables left in the frige.
I want to know English. My dream is to studing in a British university.
It was not as storong, however, it was already expected.
We need to see the details and further reseach on it, so we still have a neutral stance for Hitachi Chemical for now.
I turned on the TV and I was very surprized when I watched the news,
So I thought the earthquake on TV and the one we experienced was different, becaue it occurred far from here.
The legend was that: Chang E, the goddess of the moon, swallowed the elixir stolen from her huaband and flew to the moon.
The Mid-autumn festival is a traditional Fsetival and it means family reunion.
In Sydney's Paddy's Marckets, there were many things.
1. Prepare everying before going to work at night
My school is an airline business shcool and I want to be a great member of staff!
But, I worried about her conditon between now and the next olympics.
If somebody tries to compel you to learn a language, or teach you something you don't want to know, it doesen't work.
It's my New Year's Resolution:) I don't know how much time I'll have, but I want to work 2 hours pef week at least.
Prefelable, I want to spend one hour a day, but I think it is impossible for me.
My mother is very anxious and my father aslo does not know what to do.
If I had already matered English perfectly, I would apply to it.
I have just joined the site and I don't understamd how to do corrections, not comments.
I tried to correcte some people who want to learn the Russian language but I could only leave comments.
Unfortunaly, two of them died just after they were born.
I named him Yuki becouse he is as white as snow, and yuki means snow in Japanese.
Is interesting that now, just six mounths later, Julia had kittens again.
Unfortunaly, this time I will give all the kittens to friends, becouse I'm going to have a new sister/ brother ^ ^
Miyavi's first concert was awsome! He had a DJ named Teddy Loid (he remixes some of Miyavi's songs) and a musician called KAVKI BOYS.
S: Also, I hope that Miyavi sings the day of my birthay (July 11)..
If I do go to whictler on thursday, I don't care about college.
I suddenly discovered that being alone in a foreign country really challenges my courage and endurance, which really pushed me to a tight suitation.
That was somethind I did not want to admit!
I cannot write it down in Engish.
My job is Systems Engeneer.
The reason of the times is crasy form of manegement.
There are a lot of problems so I wish this form (of management) disappeard.
mukashi ha nihongo ga amari suki jaarimasen desita nihon go ha hontoni muzukashi dakara. demo kare kara ima wa nihon go wo motto2 benkyo sitai desu...
watashi to kare wa takusan cigaimasu yo...
So, I'll go to the office untill 8: 30 (every day I go untill 8: 00)
She is also an actoress.
Syoma helped her.
I wanted to go further west to Turky through Iran, but 911 happened when I was in the northern part of Pakistan very close to Afghanistan, and so I had to give up my traveling before the Pakistan-India border was closed.
Nothing can cure the heart but the sences.
bus roundtrip, it's kind of a stupid tihng!!
bofore I knew it.
I am a spotlight man and a soud-effects operator.
Good evening evryone!
But the classese starts the day after tomorrow!
I have been so deppressed and sad because he was leaving.
He didn't want to spend four days with me before he left just because he was tired of seeing me deppressed.
Today I tried to read the pracrice passage like I was talking with my foreign friends.
so I staied home all day.
We enjoed horseback riding very much.
This photo is one of thenm
I useally drive short distances,
Often it depens on the kind of job the employer is involved with.
If the employee is paied appropriately for his skill, he won't move to other companies, and that would be better for the team.
I am talking about the advanteges and desadvanteges of playing sports. First, I will talk about the advanteges.
On the other hand, I can see some disadvanteges to sports.
Today I met a beautiful lady aged 90 years and a hundsome guy aged 82 years in a park.
It was very intresting and much impressed me.
One is that they have many topics of conversation including TV news, the catastrophe in Japan, Science, Doutch history and even Alzheimer's disease.
Unfortunately,_ peole,_ living in recent days,_ not only scientists but alsa officers and citizens, concentrare on the most advanced inventions or outer space rather than basic science.
In this essay, I will attempt to explore the causes and sollutions.
Speciafically,_ it depends on the nature of basic science.
Accordingly, the sollutions to this issue should be varied.
In terms of this, teachers not only in primary and scondary schools but in universities and colledges are essential for nurturing students 'passion and curiosity and motivate them to condust that research.
Although causes of this issue are various and complicated,_ effective measures still can be taken to cambat it.
What a nice wheather today!
And pictures of the sea and the sunset are beatiful!
He was supposed to stay here untill this Auguat, but he went back to Holland the day before yesterday because of the nuclear plant.
I still can't beleive that he has left yet.
In Poland the wheather is rainy.
When I was in job the wheather was sunny.
The teachar using this site is from the Philippines University, it is most inteligent in Philippine.
I love coffe
When I explained to visitor a proceduer in English, how to do a cold massage and she told me ``thanks``, I felt like I was in nirvana!
Now I often hear news that a lot of temporaly employees (temps) are losing their jobs from the worldwide financial crisis.
What the diference between writng in a journal and free writng?
In my opinion, reading books is the best way to improve writng in Japanese!
This is frist diary.
He said that the girl told him that she loves him by text message, and he asked if the girl really loves him, because foreinger don't say ``love`` so easily.
Ohh man, Lang-8 is really nice.
I was shocked and got dreesed at the speed of light and rushed out of the house.
I like alternative rock, rocksteady steady, reggae, FUNK, ska, and soul.
Autumn is just aroud the corner.
I grew up in a small town and I liked the quiet atomosphere.
(The amount of) Public transportations is convinient.
When I lived in my hometown, I commuted to colledge by car.
I can dring alchole in the workplace and I can sleep while commuting between university and my home.
You can meet with many different people and experience (?) many talents and charactors if you live in the city.
(I don't know the name of them.) My grandfather said that even though I prepared the guard for the strawbwrries, the birds take them as the strawberries grow red.
As it's reasunable priced and has good tasting food/ tasty food.
I had imagined a simple dining holl but the outside appearanc is quite beautiful and the inside also had a good atmosphere.
The Attched picture was drawn by a fan.
It is difficult to understrand...
I think that his performance was almost perfect in spite of his weak team Zauber.
Everbody in the circuit regarded him as special immediately.
Today, I worte a journal!
And last, the main characer is loved by everyone.
My boyfriend builded them as he checked the manual.
My job is computer programming, in the field of* Embedded. Day by day, I write a little boaring programming and read manuals written in english explaining IC (cpu, controllers, and so on) usage.
Only optimyzing programming that will more efficientry use the cpu or multi core cpu makes me happy.
Lerning computer science without undarsting english is more difficult, but I hope to learn their higher level of technology.
So, I unusually choosen another bus.
The story gose back...
If you will teach me, please becaome my friend.
Tanke you for reading.
So I'm happy because the holydays are coming and I can get out evryday with my friends =D
Going to my part-time jop, I took my wallet out of my bag to take the subway.
There was my tomato juice bottle, and it had spilled bacause the cap was not exactly locked!!!
People might think starangely, someone wiped red riquied like bloode!
I smelled it while commuting to my part-time jop.
It's about how to learn English. I regret sometimes that I did not persist in doing dictation and writing exersices everyday.
I try to use more complicated words to make more intresting articles, but, unfortunately, I find out that I don't even know what to write in my own native language.
I've recently developed an interest in studying Japanese and Spanish, so I hope that I'll be able to write some entires in those languages soon!
For instance, English has more claer structures than any other languages, which helaps Japanese people to learn more quickly and deeply.
That's beacause Japanese people have logical thinking.
That is, Japanese people would be well matched for learnig English.
Moreover, now English is being tought to children in schools, but if another language became the official language of Japan, we will have to teach it to children in elementary school.
I want to be good at English, that's why I register and write a dialy in English.
Iwas tryingto fiding Icarly's transcript.
My team dropped from B-league to C-league last year, so our team's top priority this year was to win all nine games and to win the relagation-deciding match.
However, we have already lost two games. To qualify for the relagation-deciding match, our team has to be in first or second place in my league, so we can't lose tomorrow's match.
it has become a popular food nowday.
Honestly, I've been studing English for a longtime.
Sometimes I watch American doramas on FOX to practice my listning skills in English.
My favorite dorama is Ghost.
I hope I can understand these TV programs naturaly in the future!
Seeing them made me want to buy one, even though I hadnn't intended to do so.
So I arraived at the gymnasium at PM 8: 20.
Mamy friends would be able to correct my diary entries, and I would be able to correct a Korean learner's entry too!
I want to go to Ameirca, Britain, or Australia.
It allows ordinary people to serve as judges in criminal cort trials.
Under the system, six citizens are elected randomely to sit in criminal cases, such as murder, robbery and so on.
The court will bigin summoning lay judges in July.
I think as tha training keeps going, it's getting harder.
So, I think realy hard about the work that involves taking care of my doughters.
I'm happy when I see the my doughters smile.
Also, you have to take off slippers and put on another pair of slippers when you enter tha bathroom,
I found Japanese custum might not be understood by foreign peple.
Then I took the No. 1 bus to Zhujiang Road.
Your advertisement was relly interesting.
The position has attracted my attention becasue I think that my qualifications will meet your requirements.
I am a graduate of Dhonburi Ratchaphat University and I hold a bachelor's degree in Public Atmistration.
While studying at the university, I enjoyed learning new things and paticipating in all kind of activities, such as Public Administration and Low End Management and I am very well accupted amongst my friends and enjoy chalenging tasks.
Please, correct all my mistaces.
I feel lazy, don't feel like eating breakfast, or doing yoga excersise,,,
I have been playing table tenhis with my sister for six month.
So, I'll start working there next il Aplil.
Minsa is very well known. This beautiful fabric can be found in gift shops throught Okinawa.
They are made in the shape of a legendary animal and are usually placed on gates and roofs to ward off evil spirits that may harm the poeple, their families and the village.
First, it disperses your body's pressure more widly than conventional ones, so you can sleep well.
By the way, When I watched the weather forecast, the weather reporter said the rainny season will start this weekend.
Usually rainny days are very cool and clear, but the rainny season is very humid and gloomy
So I hope the rainny season ends early.
Do you like the rainny season?
My daugher is stronger than me.
Yestoday it was repaired by one of my best friends and it is back to nomal now.
My favarite food is chocolate.
(A HYDEST is a member of HYDE's fan club.)
Today, our class lost in the basketball competition, but I think that not everthing in life is a competition. Class seven, ok? Go for it.
I recommend poteto-chips with chocolate as a present from Hokkaid.
Of couas both man and woman.
I started writting an English diary today.
I hope this website (?) made me increase the Engish and the Korean language skill!
It was ``Girls genelation``! They are soooo cute! They sang ``Gee``.
Recentlly, I am into KOREA! I would like to visit SHINOOKUBO.
It is so powerfull place.
I search information over the Internet about work! lol I wanna go soon....! but, I need money! so, I am going to work tommorow fo my goal!
This class is required (or mendatory? Either is fine!
I can't speak and listen to it properly, even thoug I've studied for more than a year.
My friend said his relative who is fifteen years old is going wrong resently.
But these are very expencive in Singapore.
For example, a cigarette is triple the price of a Japanese one, also alchole is from double to triple the price of Japanese one.
Additionally, the goverment manages them strongly and if they go bad once, it's very difficult to recover their carrer.
They can buy cigarettes and alchole, and also drugs.
I'm a lawyer. Today is a borring day so I'm searching how to learn English and I found this site!!!
Please crrect these sentences!!
It is very difficult but deliguhtful.
Fortunately, I haven't had a trafic accident.
we wateched a comic movie and drank
I ate lanch with my colleagues.
Recentlly on Sartuday and Sunday, I helped the preliminary games of the high school baseball tournament.
In paticular, I activate the electronic scoreboad and keep the score (scoring a strike, ball out, etc.). It's very fun because I love baseball so much!
I think it's because there were many chace to eat out.
I am studying bussiness administration at a university.
Currently that company does not have any foreign costomer, but will expand overseas in the near future.
I was really jeolous.
However, I love English so much, so I hope I can improve my englishi here.
Tunami is commin
It was raining this mornig.
Yesterday, an eathquake occured off the coast of Chili.
The seismic sea wave is comming to Japan.
A seismic sea wave is called a tunami in Japan.
The Japan Meteorological Agency says that the width of the tunami is about 1m along Tokyo bay.
It is important to watch for the tunami, but it is a little difficult seeing the TV channel.
My hobbies: Playin sports, watching movies, listening to music, playing the guitar, singing, and reading books.
It surprized me a bit, but August 31 is the first day of the new school term for my older boy/ son!
The Japanese dealects
In th kitchen, there are two refrigerators, and they will be full of food.
She was nominated for an Oscar, which is a big award that eveyone knows of.
Actually, I practiced singing mirey songs in English before I came to the USA.
For me, she is very out going and has so much confedence as a singer and as a movie actress.
Unlike other beautil actresses, she is very naturall and shows who she is.
She probablly dislikes being called Hannah Montanna in the Disney movie.
This hotel is managed by a nice weman. She is about fifty years old and treated us as if we were her own daugters.
May be a lier doesn't realize that sooner or later his/ her lie will be revealed.
So I bought amond candy today.
At first I was afraid becase I don't have enough Bible knowlege.
But I have paryed to the Lord that I wanted to serve otheres.
I was crying, I completlty felt the love of the Lord..
And then, I thought I would like to go to the biggest book store in my prefucture,
When I got on, one ajian guy got on at the same time.
I noiticed it after he left and I thougth I should hand it to the station officer, but it was kind of weird because the purse was made of crocodile leather.
For exmple, if an earthquake happens, what can they do?
I stayed up to prepare for the German test last night, so I was a litte sleepy all day.
What I have learned from today's lesson is that I have little vocabulary, so I dicided to do some paper work hard.
For half a year, I have done nothing but listen to basic English conversations on my Ipod.-----I think this sentense is wrong. I don't know how to express it.
I hope we join round 16 togather.
We were flying the kite, but the wind was realy strong. I couldn't hold it anymore. I don't understand.
There are four different plastic bottoles and a can of green tea.
Yesterday, I had a dream in which a foreigner spoke to me in English and I responsed to him.
I like to drinkng juce that I have made using a mixer. mixer.
I often drink banana milk shake juce that I have made
I drank an apple juice milkshake this mornig.
Itis very hot.
I want to write jounals in Japanese however my Japanese is not good enough yet.
I cought a cold.
Resently, I hardly eat any hot food.
It is not huge but it has verious animals.
Dozo yoroshikou onegaishimasu.
But fortunely, one of my letative who is Bostonian invited me to join the X 'mas party!!
I'm not sure if amerian people celebrate or just enjoy.
Anyway, I should preper to the party.
One of them is in Harverd University.
so, I'm thinking of taking another school (Harverd) class.
But I don't want to miss the oppotunity to study hard ``English``
You see, they were almost naked except only Fundoshis--Japanese traditional men's underware. I don't have my own, unfortunately.
At that time, the Ministry of Education considered that learning English at primary school can cause the loss of Japanese language proficiency and deliciency of knowledge on other subjects.
Now that we have gained prosperoty by exporting mechanics to foreign countries, we need to communicate with many English speaking people who are not only from America but also many other countries.
My language excnage partner
I met him nine years ago and we have been chatting through skype for sven years from Monday to Friday.
I could talk with him almost everyhing about myself, like having trouble, complaning somening and being agry about something.
He is a really good friend, not only as a language partner but when our priorities change a lot, we can creat time to study together.
It is really difficlut for us to keep our motivetion high.
I'm sure they tast fantastic!
Altough was so chilly, I felt very good.
Onother one of my friends is studying business management, but she is intersted in many fields, even art.
I thought that art and business are unrealative.
She is also intersted in social welfare and irregularites.
Mayby we aren't allowed to barbecue there, so the someone in the neighborhood made a phone call to the fire station.
My father looked happy becasue all of his children came and visited his wife's grave together.
Becides, we want to go to seoul tower.
I have never experienced eating outside, so I want to try a street restrant ^ ^
Because Tanzania is a pretty big country, the road coundition is not good, and the transportation condition is also not good, so we cannot meet often after we left for our new post.
I have been learning English [since] junior high school, sinior high school, and university, [so that's] about 8 years.
Nontheless, there are many buildings that have been here for several hundred years.
We went to Nagano last week and stayed for two nights with our relatives living in a neiboring area.
More exercises, more mistanks...
In software business, English is most important language because almost majar software is created by USA.
Technical documents are writen in english.
I wonder wheter I will be able to pass a driving test.
So I will pesent them orally this Spring.
If you are reading my diary, please fix any incoract sentences.
Korean companies appear to enhance their competitiveness in the global market by lurging qualified people worldwide to Korea, and Koreans who are willing to or are forced to live abroad support Korean companies outside Korea.
and now I'm so hugry...
First, if we couldn't find a job before guraduation
So one of the most inportant things for Japanese students
is to find a job duling your study.
It is called ``Free iFrashcard``.
It is Kansai dealect.
They have Tonkotu soupe and thin noodles.
But since I'm a doctor, I work at an emergency infomation center instead.
To get more active and productive, I have started to make more of an effort to learn foreign languige, especilally English and janpanese.
The reasion why I chose English is that it is such a common languige spoken all over the world and is necessary in this day and age.
I will study more and more to inproving my language skill.
I work for an electoronics company, in the legal department.
Plese, teach me English.
D was abcence, we would want a substitute who is also a native speaker, if possible.
You might notbelieve this, but most Korean parents let their baby sleep in their bed even untill the baby becomes five or six years old.
(hope I didn't quote the name wrong ~) If this were the case, the whole sysytem would undergo a transformation with so much uncertainty and no one could foresee what's going to happen.
If you regard teaching as a platform or shelter for you because of the econmoic slowdown, you are looking in the wrong direction, you should not be a teacher.
At 7 o 'clock I went to watch the match`` Arsenal VS Barscelona ``with my friends.
Take myself for example. I started English from junior middle school and my cusion began to study it from elementary school. She spent 6 more years studying english than I did,_ hence her English is much better than mine.
I still remember the time we spent the whole afternon havinga chat in the sunshine in my courtyard.
I eventualy spent two and a half hour there.
She taught me some Korian, her eyes were shining and she was full of energy, even though she was old.
Hope our tirp will be safe and fun.
What sould
Mecanics is so compricated that takes me a very very long time.
These are series about the four famous Chinese classics: Dream of the Red Chamber, Water Margin, Journey to the West, and Romance of the Three Kindoms.
I have to go out from my small office right now to catch the last train, but temperature interfare with me...
I had a very ordinarish day today
Even though I didn't have enough instuctions, after a few days I remembered all the essential points of passing this test and became better at controlling the clutch, so the instructor let me to practice by myself on another car.
Roshian Dinner
There, on display, were some Matryoshka dolls in addition to a Rossian cook book and travel books.
I ordered Rossiyan salad for the appetizer.
At that time, there was an Itarian acquaintance of COO.
He said, ``I let the patinting express my feelings``
I wanted to talk about Itarian art of the middle ages, but I felt like he would not be intersted in them...
What's the differesce between ``sort of`` and ``kind of``?
Therfore I had to ride my motorcycle today.
This temple attracts visitors all overe Japan.
Even if it's written in English, I feel like your comment is very familliar.
People think in a similar way, even though they speak diffenrent languages, I think.
So I woke up laghing!!
They make noize late at night and live as though it were their own house.
However, she is a classmate of K and she told me that she just has to be pacient against her will.
I wanna contenew to draw pictures.
When he was in his twenties, he achieved a alliance to revform Japan.
They are my reratives ^ ^
I like chirdlen very much ^ ^
I had a goot time with little cute girls.
I havn't finish all of them yet:(
To manage the router I had to explore many new and interesting things, such as kernel making, establishing net rules with firewall 'ip_ iptables', traffic counting and many other things.
I sent an email to a native English tecaher who works in a high school with my wife to get some adviceon reading English articles.
(I really don't want to bother you and hate to ask you this, but it woud be a great honor to get some advice from you.)
I hope you can listen to the attached MP3 file, and tell me whatever you feel as a native speaker (mainly in terms of overall correcntness and accuracy of pronunciation, intonation, accent).
Ginpei is the cutiest baby I have ever seen.
When pest viruse invade the human body, a macrophage eats it.
Let's go back in tim and pretend to witness what happened.
As if he had been strck by lightning, in one glorious moment his life was permanently changed.
Hiroshi was thinking about playing teniss after work.
Next day his manajor asked him to do a lot of documents until the end of the week.
So he couldn't go to teniss.
This year I bought them from UNICEF; a lot of Sants are on it and each one looks happy.
I heard that living with a homestay family is the most important for improving my English skill, so I need a homestay family who has enough time to talk to me a lot, and I want a harmonious homestay famlily who is very kind, caring, and thoughtful.
I was going back to Tokyo form Izu on Sunday but I couldn't do so because of tunami forecast caused by Chile's earthquake.
Nothing is impossile for people who have those 2 things.
I have lived in Toronto since mid Octover.
I think forign beer is stronger than Japanese beer.
He is fluentry in Japanese and English.
many English words are borrowed into Japanese, such as post, conviniece store, TV.
I wato to be able to go sking.
I want to protect my most important thimg.
According to him Okocha is a proffesional football player's name.
He belongs an amateur futsal team.
No one can understand me completely exept myself.
This photo is of a lily of the valley that a neighborhood gave our family a few days ago.
``Nao`` is my Japaness name,
but I'm Taiwaness!!!:)
Yeap.
Nevertheless, some companies still take advantage of (the) Japanse 'English complex' and advertise suspicious items.
Although, I was quite sure he did something really bad, it was a revenge to anthor classmate.
It was the first seminar and we talked about the purpot of life.
It is for fthe benefit of nature.
It is a abreviation for Test of English for International Communication.
It consist of 200 multiple-choice questions diveided into reading part
Some universities adopt it as a requirment for admmision and credits according to TOEICscore.
they only forcus on reading and listening.
Shaking hands are very formal, we only use it before an interview, or if we meet someome we don't know.
Reasnable and healty lunch makes me rush to Subway.
Are dramas broadcasted your countries?
My senier.
I don't like one senier (student) in my lab.-> suggestion
Recently, one of my friends told me that he had a plan to go abroad to studyng English.
It was a nice restaulant with pictures of Hawaii.
I finaly got my computer in good working condition.
I'm sorry about late replies to messeage.
I went to Korea town in Shin-Okubo, Tokyo with my firends yesterday.
Although, before that I would like to go to South Korea, becouse South Korea is quite close to Japan and would only take 3 hour by plane.
I went out of the classroom becouse I was irritated.
It was like a real sean.
So the preparetion has been hard for us for about one month.
But I coudn't.
I'm lokking forward to starting our new life.
My work has quitely changed for various reasons.
I was abel to have many challenging oppotunities.
Sometimes I feel disconfortable in my situation.
Anyway, the last Exam is the database coures and that is the biggest// most serious problem for me......
In those days, I felt that people divided themselves into knowers and not-knowers/ non-nots or haves and have-nots.
Lately, the very popular girl group ``AKB48`` is famouse for dressing in school uniforms, in Japan.
For that reason, the educational department started to renew textbooks for elementaly schools.
about Japanese education getting back to its old days of lerning, which focuses on more lerning by heart than lerning by activity.
Anyway, I think this renewal will be effective in elementaryshool schools
They wil release their single CD and an original album.
I have a 3 year-old doughter.
I'm tring to have free time in the morning.
We are influenced by everything which we are surrouded, but we hardly notice them.
I know the lyrics are controvertial but I liked the music as soon as I heard it.
I'm lerning English.
So I still don't know a thing or two abt it.
My temporaly office in London.
It's so nerous.
I am very nerous right now.
I have prepared it for four mounths.
Thinking of myself and Kowing myself well.
Today I thought about myself. I thought about my character, habbits, dreams, acheivements and failures.
regarded myself as a very passionate person who make objectives to achieve and execute them deligently.
Mom, Dad and Grandma went to Ping-tong to join a wedding.
I missed thier phone calls eight times because I was studying in the cram school and didn't feel the vibrations of my cell phone...
When I found the message from Mom, I called them back.
I gussed they gave up trying to find me and went home, but I was wrong.
I felt so sorry that I missed the calls and I felt Mom and Dad's love for me,
Could you imagine?---sometimes the temperture is 22 celsius but on the other hand, sometimes it's 12 celsius like today.
I can stand it raining and suddenly turning sunny for only hal a day, but my body can't adjust to the gap in the temperture......
Today, my homework is to write the eassy ``Problem of Combining Work and College``
and I have been thingking about how to accomplish it.
I have a qustion.
It was the first time that I got a strong perm in my hair, so I am very sastisfied with my Air Wave.
I wonder why white small food (rice) can make verious food.
Do you know a food which makes verious foods?
I to stand in the subwey for an hour before coming home.
But it is intense inpact.
I still hate it with a burning pasion but I decided that I can't burn it if I haven't read it first but I have to be honest with you...
The reason for the 28th of Feburually
As you know, the last day of Februally is the 28th.
The king said to one of his sarvants:
``But a year has a maximun of 365 days, so if you wanna add a day to August, you have to take a day from somewhere else.
if we take a day from Janually? ``
Janually is an auspicious manth.
I can't allaw you to take it from Janually. ``
to take it from Feburually? ``
``undoubtly.``
I was tought this.
But I don't know why Februally originally has 29 days...
because I often forgetten them.
^ ^ wahahaha ^ ^
For example, when he or she wants to write about metaphors, he or she will write something like ``The mechanisms of metaphorical thought are present in our most common concepts: time, events, causiation, and so on...
I had made new frieds
My hostfamily family had BBQ too.
I think China is a good and kind cuntry, so I like Shanghai more and more every time.
I'm working on translating the confidencial agreement from English to Japanese.
Maybe I'll buy the nex generation.
Hence, students completely depend on tutorials and unfortantely they forget about their lectures due to focusing only on the classroom tutorial.
First of all, tutorials are cosidered a awaste of time and money.
Having mentioned the disadvatages of tutorials, I should also mention the advantages.
First of all, tutorials cancel the distance between the teachers and the students and as a result of that students can ask freely with out being afraid. From my point of view, this is a very important thing for every studentThey. They also stress information that students need.
To sum up, if we make a list of what is written befor, we will see that the disadvantages of these tutorials outweigh the advantages. So students should attend their classes regularly and follow their teacher's instructions instead of tutorials which waste time and money.
I'm planing to eat many traditional Chinese foods, such as Peking duck and dumplings, as well as wark around the Great Wall of China.
What I'm looking forward to doing the most, is making new frineds.
A busy season has just strarted.
Spring break started yeasterday, so I came to Boston becasue my roommate is from Boston. I am at his house now.
Today, We went to the city and tried a Japanese restraunt, but I didn't think it was very good, haha.
Today I heard the word ``marvellos``.
I did 'nt know the word`` marvellos ``.
But Japanese peaple who have been living there for a long time are quite crazy.
All children have a dreame or dreams
But I think a lot of students of college don't have dreame anymore.
Learm how to pursue, how to love, and how to live.
I bougt some English movies:
I don't know what I sholud do.
I want to ask, if someone knows, how to meake learning more effective.
And I want to speak like a native speaker, so how can I get more expirence?
I felt local people's Englsh was much better than ours.
He is very famous for not only being an artist but aloso a professional
My part-time job is to mark my students 'homework and theach them math, Japanese and so on.
It has a qwerty keabord like blackberry's phone and you can type very fast like pc, also the OS is multitasking, so you can change the applications while they are running!
I dindn't remember to charge it the night before!!
That was orrible!
Many young Japanese have a weekness for brand names.
In the future, I'll write about why I go to school on the weekand.
I usually go to study at the yoyogi zeminal in HAKATA.
During holiday, I eat lunch near the yoyogi zeminal.
Some free school students are phisically challenged, and some of them suffer from depression.
The free school where I did volunteer work is similar to ordinally schools.
Actually, free schools are one of the nonprofit organizations, so they're in finantial difficulties.
Probably, that pictuer made me what I am.
Various topics are shown up one after another: ``I have a dream`` speech by King, The Beatles 'first appearance on TV, Barak Obama, 911, etc.
One of them says ``we are not talking about Tom and Jerry``, just after she answered, ``Barak Obama's speech`` in a serious face that doesn't match her age.
I enjoy lerning it.
As my favorite contry is Hawaii, my dream is to live in Hawaii.
They have to learn too many sujects, such as English, math, physics, chemistry, biology and so on.
I have no idear.
I'll try to uplode photos of these.
we did stop to cheer for our teamates at the last lap.
I believe my dream will come ture.
I think I will be on a working holiday in New Zeland.
Althogh it was the first time in a long time since we had graduated from school, we enjoyed convasation and time went by quickly.
But now I think it is more iimportant to develop friendships through the memory of shared experiences instead of only studying so hard.
But I just now realized that I am doing a presentation tommorow.
Famaly Party
Enternational exchange is very difficult because there are many cultures and religions.
I thinkt that's enough.
Todat's dinner is Thai curry.
Perhaps they all have been actioned off or became someone's pillow.
In April, I have a lot of things to get done after personnel reshffuls for a new quarter.
Gion Festivall
When we heard the fact that he took part in the movie as a hero, we were supprising.
So I took an aspirin to write this jurnal.
This is the second chanllage for me.
Tomorrow is Saterday!!
My hobbies are listening to music, piaying table tennis, and surfing the Internet.
In the future, I will write more articles about my life. I welcom anyone who wishes to refine my entries!
I'm Noi. I live in Bangkok. I'm an admistrator and operator. At the moment I get up early every day to go to the company. The company opens at 8. 30 am.
I am happy to day I can spend time checking my e-mails and reading English books and writing English too. Tomorrow I must to arrang documents for the employees in my company
I must read books befor I sleep today.
Have a good day! I If you would like to stady Thai, I will help you.
In Japan, some people need a sense of humor theirco-worker.
After watching it, I bacame positive, and I think it is important not to be afraid of anything.
Hallo everyone!
Well, I haven't a crear dream in the future now.
And it is so difficult to serch music progrum in Tokyo.
I want to listen to some high quarity music progrum in Tokyo.
Her director recommaned her to quit because he thought her work was not important and others could do that instead of her.
He seems to see what he wants to; like being late often or not asking vendors seriouly what he wants.
When the police pulled me ove, he told me that I was flagrantly disobeying the rule, and he gave me a one-hundred-dollar speeding ticket.
I sat down and ponde how I could make it through all those things when I suddenlly I heard the announcemet on the speaker for all employees to gather together inside the confrence room.
He had to cut down the numpers of employees, and I was the third name he called.
I completely forgot that I had missed three classes in a row, but the college's rule is that if this happens, you're automaticly out.
Finally, there was a massive desaster at home.
I could not belived it when I saw that my whole kitchen was flooded.
However, I still belived I could rebuild my life and presevere in my goals for my future.
My heart keeps racing, and I cannot belive what a crazy day this has been.
We ate super delicious seafood with mojito for luch in Key West!
This is the MOST souht point in the U. S.
I storongly reccomend you that visit Key West if you have the chance!
Time goes by like this withot relation to the situation of the world and the hearts of people.
There are a lot of opinins about a mood of self-control.
First, this is a presnt from my customer who went to Ezipt last year.
This is a calendar made by pupls, a little piramid, a bookmark and a sweets like a dry fruits.
She had been to there befre the protests and I'm so glad no harm was done.
Ezipt is one of the countries where I want to go.
But this didn't happend and I heard on that radio that during the match some Lazio fans rejoiced for Inter players 'goals!!!!!
I have been slack off and goof off to keep a dialy.
First, I have a few English vocablaries and in addition my grammer is teriible.
So, I should have kept a dialy every day.
Before long, Do I use to keep a dialy?
In college, I seldom spend time studing English and read magazing or listen to the radio.
Rehab means rehalibitation.
There are many beutiful beaches in my town.
Several musicians were there on the stage, and the sound was full of euphorigenic.
Other staff members were working untill 2 AM everyday.
I went to the amusement park with my friend yesteday.
I strech and bend my limbs slowly while taking deep breaths.
She has been in hospital for more than two months to avoid early deliverly.
I have a boy friend who is younger than me. He is 6 years old yanger than me. I was in love with him a lot at the beginning of 3 months, but now I'm confused as to whether I love him or not?
I don't know how to talk about this with him because he ofer gets angry (that's anoter reason I can't stand him [/ RED]) I worry that if I talk about this with him, he would not talk with me for a while....
Many customers say our prices are higher than other supllier.
The wood consturction of the sofa is very sturdy.
Fisrt, I boiled the noodles.
It's belicious and reasonable!
Today, I sp spoke to an old friend for a long time on a sellular phone. (cell phone)
I registered with Lange-8 because I want to make friends and do business in English.
Recentely, I have had a problem with my neck after I hurt it 2 weeks ago.
My frist time ``Lang-8``
Hello:> This is my frist time writing a diary entry in ``Lang-8``.
The outcome is impotant but tle time we are engaged is meanless.
Jun asked me to play tenis this morning.
I made my hasband got up at 7.
I asked them to buy some food for lunch befor they go to school or office.
My hasband was worried.
Becouse they wanted to buy food first in the convinience store.
I'm thinking of studying English vocaburary and reading but I don't have enough time to concentrate on those things.
my wif comes home today!
yesterday, she wahed all the dirty clothes and sheets.
I hope I can leran english well.
High salary, parmanet employment and state...
Also, if he does not know the rules of the bus, the Japanese man shuold not get angry with him butexplain the Japanese way.
I can imagine it is not easy, however, it is the best way to understand both cultures throughtout the trip.
I have an apartment with three suites for sigle.
It is very usuful so it will be easy to write English diaries on the train.
I registerd on Lang-8
In my view, I don't have much opportuntity to use english.
I will try to write a personal daiary every day.
I'm really disapointed with myself....
Moreover, our wedding ceremony is comming in a month!
gambare jibun!
About 2 years ago I went to Koh Sri Chang every month because my friend was doing reserch there on snails.
In this story, the main character Pip suddenly has a chance to recieve the great expectation by someone.
In the next part he stays in. a ginants-inhabited island
Bussiness conditions have been bad for the last year, and the high yen will have a bad effect export companies.
So I dicided to borrow a book, Forrest Gump.
I knew Forrest Gump but, I don't know it in detaily.
Recently everyone is upset in our Research Institude, because of the personnel changes.
I think maybe I will change my job if the new Research institude is not good for me, but now I am just waiting.
I love this sentense the best:
I was fastinated...
She recommanded this site, showing me her sevral world-wide friends.
How habe you been?
Now, I am in Goald Coast in Australia.
I worrry about meeting my foreigner friend.
Now and then I think that I have to try to studing English more.
This is the third time I have celebrated with my friends, whom I have known from high scool for almost five years.
In that event we could eat a famous cook's food for only five hundred-yen which we cannot normally eat at such a low price, and heard the special talk show about enviroment.
He is very famous not only in Japan, but also in the world as a famous yachet sailor.
Yes, it is true under the policy of ``one coutry two systems``.
I want to become a translater, especially for movies. '
It will be such hard wrok because words that translater can use in a line are specified by rules of translation.
I don't know how long it will take, but I want to become translater.
Because there are some places where many peple were killed by tsunamis in northern Japan.
We took part in a Halloween parede in West Hollywood and took
comunicate with Americans smoothly.
These girls have different nationalities such as Chiness, American and Korean.
What do you think you should do so that people think you're profesional?
However, the number of selfish parents has been increasing recenty, I think.
The thought that someone will fix my mistakes and incorrect grammer makes me so excited.
In order to make my English easer to understand, my teacher wants me to use a higher tone of voice.
4) I had no girlfriends before I konw you. but you have had two boy friends
, Austraria, China, India, and Sudan.
I endjoied communicating with them.
to be continude in ``Introduce myself (2)``
Well, I'm going to buy some ingreadient for our lunch after this.
In this country, foreigners can't buy flats except for condoiniums which are super expensive.
But there are many foreingers in Singapore; accordeing to some websites, 45% of people in Singapore are foreingers.
It means, normal Singaporeans who own flats can easily get extra incomes from foreingers.
In Japan foreingers still can rent rooms from real estate companies.
It's defenitely because many people want to live in Singapore the rest of their lives.
As you know, an earthequake happened in Japan.
But, I happened to watche NHKTV ``professional`` on Feb 28th.
I can't undersand the difference; (.
So, I fall asleep in lexures.
(Eating out is a littele expensive for me.
I probably won't spend much money this month so I thougut that I should treat myself.
At first glance, there is a vivid landscape with a small shed on the beach, securely covered up in the cove, with towering hills in the backgroung.
My 1st diarly!
Every moning when I opened my eyes, I would have messages from him on my cell phone.
I have a lonly telephone.
Furthermore, Recently my assaingments have been getting more difficult, and they require a higher level of English.
I really appriciate your support.
and then I got up to make a snandwich with tuna and cheese
for my son befor he went to school.
I know that English is supose to mean people from England.
Is this correcte?
My mom, my cousin and I went to the supermarket. We bought a lot of toiletries, like soaps, shampoons and so on.
I've decided to keep writing in this jounal everyday before.
To learn a lunguage it needs patience and motivation and opportuinities to use it.
First, he descrive wery well the image of human who is not perfect.
Though, according to the magazine, some stories are recognized that the main casts of his novels overcome nature, the wins are not always imcomplete.
For these reasons, I think that he is a great author who descrive human's imperfections.
He is Chu, He was creatived by me, He can fly whereever as supermouse.
It has history of approximetely 400 years.
First, we learned how to do a breath meathod.
The meathod made me feel easy.
My first yoga became a recration.
I hate to get my cell phone wet, because I purchaced an expemsive one last year.
where one can observe the beautiful staras.
and besides, it was at midnigit.
We tend to reagard symmetry as beautiful.
You couldn't find any differnces when you look at it.
Yes, it has no anatomical differnce between the left hemisphere and the right one.
There is a hint for this question in a clinical sympton of patients who have brain damage in the right hemisphere.
This sympton is called hemispatial neglect.
Patients who have brain damage in the left hemisphere don't have this sympton.
But they might be canceld.
If you see any sentance that can be better, please tell me.
They were supposed to start running a corn farm there, but since they were still in Singapoer, they did not even bother to check the land in person.
But unfortunatelly there were many CHEEKY MONKIES in that area.
Every month those monkies would eat only mature/ ripe coconuts there.
Her husband tried to ask hunters to kill those monkies, but killing that species was illegal.
My colleague who told me this story stopped taliking, because nobody knew the rest of this story any more.
They should have considered thier plan carefully.
For example, moodle, squid, shelfish or mushroom.
I wanted some convresation with my wife.
However, I was lucky today. I thought it was Wednesday so I still have one more day to attend classes. But today is Thusday.
I had a vaccination against the flu today so I won't catch flu when I take the entrance exams for univercity.
I actuallu like having an injection, but it hurt more than any I've ever taken. I have to have it again next month...
My English is so poor, I hope sombody can help me to improve my English level.
it's so hot in my contry!!
it was diffcult when I fiest started to drive.
Seventhly, put it in the plastic bag for 1 ~ 2hours (summer time).
Eighthly, spread it and you should be about 2mm thick using a pole.
Ninethly, cut it about 3mm width.
It doesn't have any taste so please use udon saurce.
Also, I want to know what part of Japanese grammer I should introduce in first when I teach survival-level Japanese to my friends from foreign countries. OR foreign friends.
Because of shows like Lost, CSI, Prison Break, I started to notice: TV darma is in the US, too.
However, learning Enlish is my important work and I will keep on.
My friend introduce me to this web to inprove my english.
It is my friend Se-hee's birtyday in two days.
I wondered what to do because I can't decide our topic without thier ideas and pwemissions.
I was so dissapointed at their irresponsibility.
At tha age, a woman thinks about the ``life of a woman`` or ``work of a woman``. in Japan.
It's means that ``She chooses a famili (getting married) rather than her dream.
Of cource he knows ^ ^)
Because it has a little bit poison in its oragan and eyes, so if people eat them without treating them correctly, people can die.
I have not eaten sasimi since I've got to Australia,
She gave me it with a little hasitation.
He got married, too and bought a new refrigeator for his wife.
But, if I were a short-sleeper, I would have enough time to do something early in the moning.
Today I went to a Ykitori restaurant with my family.
Yakitori is like grilled chitken, skewerd on a bamboo stick and
Also, we can choose any part of the chitken we would like to eat.
After the big earthquack, it's very hard to get gasoline, even in areas around Tokyo.
I ran to some gas stations near my house to verifing the conditions of the gas stations.
Some gas stations are closed, but other gas statio are open.
Do people living near Tokyo really need gasline?
We can go anyware by train around Tokyo.
However, there is a beer-like alchoal.
I like beers all aroun the world, such as Guiness, Budwiser, Coors, Chintao, Singha, Heineken, and so on!
I prepared two batches of cookie dough, chocolate and vanila.
I was very surprised that there are old bulidings on the side of the road.
For a short time driving, I can see the tall bulidings.
I give up easily, but I want to continu to write it.
I can gurantee there are no Japanese young people who don know this song
It's my first post here so let's considere it to be kind of a test.
I just hummimed the songs.
Unfortunateky, I couldn't pass this time. (+_ +)
What is the question that was hidden iin the ``Mona Lisa`` and ``The Last Supper``?
Malaysia is one of the most famous countries which has achieved a major renaissane in a very short time.
Mahateer Mohamed was the prime minister for the tewnty years in which this change in their country occurred.
He didnn't give the people money or land. He just believed in them and in their power to build the country once again.
(this is the last sentense of yesterday's diary)
I read just a few peges, but it is very interesting!
The meaning of a short sentence is too dificult for me to comprehend.......
The cucomber I ate had a weird taste but I was too lazy to get another one from the kitchen.
Japnanese Grammar
For those who have a hard time with learning Japnaese Grammar
This is good for learners of Jpanese grammar.
I was wrong. I need to study hard and practise English everytime chance I can.
I have been persuaing this girl for almot half a year.
My recent waorries are the heat in Japan and my backache......
Hello, freiends.
One of my friednd told me about this site.
shocked and determinded to study English again.
Yesteerday with my friends
Hello everyboday!
I really don't like to ues one.
Jananese people often take the outside to eat.
Hallo, my english.
He looked embrarrassed because I haven't gotten angry before.
Someone kill human just habitually, can you accpt this?
I've just thought that unilaterlly.
(Actually, I was stearing at him during the party.
I eat low fat foods, konnnyaku mashrooms, and so on.
Today is Saterday. I do not go to the comepany tomorrow because it's Sunday, so I feel happy.
I have a new emproyee to interview for a job. I'll smooth the wather for her before my boss interviews her.
I would like to conneck to the internet at my house.
They said that they will give me a new number for me to conneck to the internet at my house.
They will be come by to service and conneck the internet about 7 days after I called them.
Thank for you teaching me engish.
Because a sandwich is portable, especially because my daughter is a nightperson person who tends to oversleep, and sometimes has no time for breakfast, is important.
I hane just registered for the TOEFL test now.
Historically, the Japanese way of English education has consentrated on reading and grammer.
2) The Faculty of Civil Law and Free Enterpise
The graduates work as officals in central and executive bodies of power.
Some graduets later become judes, prosecutorrs, and advocates.
All necessary facilities are available to students for high-level comprensive training.
The person thought to himself, ``He's ver stingy.
so animation songs have been developping inversely.
It's a sereous problem in Japan.
So I want to coperate with a demostic FD food manufacturer and sell FD products to foreign countries via (through) my English website.
If any one have interests in this kind of bussiness, you can contact me.
Tonight I am really missing my family and friends who live in my coutry.
Tomorrow moring I am going to school
I wonder how the auther was able to so realistically describe the thoughts and actions of the boy?
What's the Pirete English?
When I was trying to chenge the language from Japanese to English in Facebook, I found some ``English`` es there.
What I saw on the screen was really unfamilier English for me.
I was stuck at home the whole tim, watched too many episodes of the sitcom Friends; nearly 10.
I want to write about Chandler and Pheobe, but I don't remember anything about them.
Next month I'm going to go to the Phillipines to study English for a week using my vacation time.
The phillipines is one of the English-spoken countries, and many Korean college students go there to study English.
I've never been to the Phillipines and am looking forward to going there.
(Simplely)
mmmm..
Listen and wirte down
Now, I listen and wirte down for at least thirty minutes everyday
He adviced me some advice.
It's about a male fright attendant snapping at a passesnger.
In Japan, customers always come first, we have to treat custmers like a god, so that kind of thing can't happen.
But I'm sure many people are atressed out and really want to do that, so I also think he is a hero!!
youture.
Ufortunately, my team has been very bad the last five years. The players didn't practice very hard and they were defeated several times.
Now I am very upset because my team has been recently defeated again, but whataver happens I will not give up my dream that this team will make a comeback.
I guess it's because she hasn't had many oppotunity to talk with Japanese people before.
I should get familiar with the way naitive speakers talk...
Other members didn't want to become seafood but nobady stopped him.
So we played softball in disguisedly.
I could not repond to most of the questions.
How did you learn writing Enghrish?
It's dificourt for me to spell.
My favorite schooi event is the sports festival
Both imventions are a kind of instrument to measure the same thing.
last night I called my mom and siad ``I would like to study English more by staying in Austrailia mom``
I will try anything to impoving English and my self worth!!
Children could make experimentations.
I have to decide what to do. Either get a job or advance to doctor cource.
Unless they came here, they must wanna get to speak English fruently.
But I sometimes speak Japanese when I hang out with Japanese friends although I critisize other Japanese students.
Ylikes, vcroome told me that word yesterday. I think that word is wonderful haha.
This is the first time I've come here. I hope I will meet more friends frome here.
Then I can inmprove my english.
Some people told me they host the parade every everyear.
Reguler customer, ``Yagyu.``
Most sushi shops have reguler customers who come often.
Yagyu is one of our reguler customers, but he is special to ``Sushimasa.``
Yagyu let other reguler customers eat foods and drink alcohol free.
Their musik is really (I have no words to express my attitude) great.
Since then, he hasn't liked to drink and thought that it is a vice to drink alchol.
When I told him that I don't want to use a taxtbook, he did it.
Because of I have had trouble with my older doughter.
And I must mention the terrible traffic, Bangkok's traffic has the worst transportation system I konw.
The traffic situation is much better in the other cities. The other cities are queit and beautiful.
The interval time was shorter than useual, so I was really tired.
Hello, my wonderful friend, how have you been today? I just relize that I have not written an entry in my journal for more then 10 days. I saw this on my calendar.
Time is useful and life is beautiful; someone told me that and I beleaved it.
But life is difficault, exciting, and interesting too.
(``NABE`` is a Japanese quisine.
What shoud I say in a situation like this?
* I'd like you to correct weird or unsuitable senteces and give me some sample sentences useful for my pupose, if you don't mind!
Throuing things and goods away
We went to a Vietnamese restraunt.
taday I'll write my thesis proposal, the deadline is the 9th of this month.
So I can apply for a Shanghai account next year when I graguate.
Although the weather was hot, I feld merry.
So, countrary to this change, I should not admit adulthood until beingover 22 (the age in wich many people graduate college)
Anyways, I returned my dormitary.
But Something happend.
Because one of my French friend said that she will go back to Frence soon, so she asked me if I can take a leave and go to Taipei with her.
After I filed a leave, then she told me that she need to go back to Frence immediately.
The oceam world is filled with vitality.
I'll decolate a tanzaku and make a wish.
Today there is a typhoo.
So, I decided to study English, after treavel.
For example, almost all the railway tracks were laid, except near the Fukushima newclear power plant, and the highway in Tohoku is finished.
The one is the Fukushima newclear power plant.
The reason is that the company who own it don't give information to the public immediately, or accuacy.
The other one is that people are reducing their spending, by not having a cherry blossam party, eating at restaurants or going on a trip.
Many cherry blossams are in bloom now.
Goodby.
I wanted to buy whatever he wanted to eat, but he kept saying that he had no appetit, and had an upset stomach.
Now is the era of the grobal economy.
Also, child's nerves are very weak, so the effection would be worse for children.
Hi Everyoen!
Anyway, when I found out that the airplan tickets were not available to go there, I was gaving up the idea of spending Christmas in a more special way.
I was invited to his relative house for dinner on Christmasday eve day.
Acutally, I still don't know his hometown city.
The four players play diverse roles in the competition, and how they fulfill their position has a significant impact on the result.
It depicts the coflict and growth of a Korean boy living in Japan, a role performed by Yousuke Kuboduka.
I am Ireally happy and sad.
Was my English strenge?
I found out the cheepest bar for them,
What is the defference between ``I am looking forward to`` and ``I look forword to``?
Meiji university, which is one of the best and most famous private universities in Japan, announced that it is planning to build the ``Tokyo International Manga Library`` in thier premises.
According to their spokesperson, it is expected to be the world's biggest library as the storage of Manga, it will have approximately 2 million items related to Manga, Anime and video games which are copies of Mnga, cellloid pitures of Anime and Charactor goods of Video games etc.
One of my co-workers send me an e-mail from his mobile phone to mine last thirsday night.
I want to travel somewherer but saddly I don't have much money now......
I'm planninng to visit my grandmother's house with my mother and my sister's family.
My sister have 1 year old baby, so my granma must be looking forward to meet her great-grandchild.
I'm looking forward to meet my granma and my nephew too.
It smells good in the shop when I go there in the morning and I love flowers, so I feel good just looking, tuch and having flowers around me.
Today, a small pizza shop called ``PizzaShool`` opened near our apartement.
But I realized that I couldn't speak English, when I spoke to tourists from forign countries.
But when the cool breeze of early autumn comes, I am determined to travel alone to unkown places which I have never been to.
I will talk to people who live in the area so that I can know what they have experiance in their lives.
I'm going to go skiing Yatsugatake with my family, my daugnter's friends and their family.
I went to my local hostpital for a medical checkup.
There is a lot of informetion about Malta.
But I'm trying to find inportant informetion.??
Because I'm goin to stay with a family.
Civil service entrance test is a test that if you pass it would allow you to work with the government and it could let you have a lot of benifits, for example, you do have to worry about lossing your job.
Although, I am a little bit upsad, life goes on.
And now, I have to watch the ``The Inconvient truth`` again, because I have to pass my mid-term exam!
I have some foreign friends, expecially from the USA.
Her American jokes make feel happy and I think there is a defference between American jokes and Japanese jokes.
I have to take two tests, English and my majour, Phychology.
but recently I don't know what happend to my laptop.
I don't have much money, Becouse I am just a student, and my parents live in Korea.
We slept in our car, somethink like a van, so we have comfort so we were comfortable,. We only ate sandwiches for two weeks.
We visited almost every city in Holand, the most beautifful was Amsterdam, now we have much experience, in the future I would like to travel more.
I'm waiting for corects;-)
After that, I dried my car by using a drying mashine.
This is a tomato staw with pig's gut and a lot of vegetables.
But when I became junior, I was changed by becoming class president and working by interacting with many friends, seniors, juniors, teachers and started to combine activities along with challengig character.
My dillegent parents who got up early in the morning had a big effect on me and it made me become more dillegent and have more integrity.
On top of that, just after WW2, most Japanese infrustructures were already destroied completely by air raids.
The cities we can see now are not that important. That is just the sarface of mankind.
Even if Sendai city was destroied, as long as people who can design and plan cities exist, Japan will be able to recover (from) these damages again and again.
Nobody can revive dead people, but at least they will be able to recunstruct a city that is stronger against tidal waves than before, right?
Hello my friends. I'm happy becuse I'm now writing my second post on this lovely website. I would also like to thank everyone who has corrected my last journal entry.
I am so exciting these days because I am back in college again but this time for clinical stage and our lectures are not boring any more becuse its more paractical and alot of real patients there are no
studing in community hospital with alot of new ppl from other medical
studing in the psychiatric department there are alot of wierd peaple but
I think it is soo exciting because itz hard to find every case in any of the huge textbooks you must think very deeply.
However, in reality I don't have my ``DREAM`` bacause I don't know
It has somthing to do with with my mental problem.
But, my main purpuse is to talk with my friends.
Finally, 10 friends in all gatered, and then we all left together.
I also had a can of beer, because it helps me fall alseep.
Today, I helped a friend work from 5 PM unitl 8 AM this morning.
I tried to smoke today. just a mintute.
I just wanted to konw if it was real or fake.
In my corntry, you can easily buy 'fake' things.
I took a pictrue of my favorite brand of cigarettes. (I don't smoke now.)
Regardless of that, one of the recent reosons why traffic accidents occur is through..
In addition, since it's next to impossible for pedestrians to judge the situation of a driver, they are often inbolved in unexpected traffic accidents.
It gives me power and courage to overcome advesity.
I know that I can cout on my friend when I have a problem, and she can count on me.
If friendship wasn't in my life I would feel unhapy and alone.
I can't let myself out whitout using Japanese..
They were ``run out of``, ``put off``, ``put up wih`` and ``put up`` but I don't know meaning of these idioms so I couldn't construct the sentences.
Yesteday we had a hanami patry, which means cherry blossom viewing party in Japanese.
Most partisipants of the party work everyday during the week so want to sleep at weekend.
I defensed myself like this,
It seemded I failed to convince them
We shraed the only blanket and drank whisky much to endur the cold.
Around us, there were cherry blossom trees in full bloom and the moon lit thier petals.
By the way, when the time to start the paryt had come,
I had a terriable toothache last week and went to see doctor on Thursday.
But tommorrow is horiday.
Last Sunday, I had a cello residental training session in Kita-kyushu city.
The only bad thing was, that in this season (very hot summer), although we stayed near the beach, we had no time to swin in the sea in front of our hotel because of our very long training from morning until around midnight.
We knew that we had a concert to show our training results, and I had no time to practise my weaker songs because I had to teach my colleages about their weaker songs.
After we finished the schedule, for the final 3 days, we could swin at last.
The small chellists (4 ~ 10 years old) were so excited that they ran and jumped into the sea at the fastest speed you've ever seen.:)
I hope that the next residental training will come soon...
Holle everyone
time, but it is still very poor, so I just found this way tp hlep me to learn
but after fabuary, maybe l 'll live with my father.
We often hear that foreign people who are living in Japan, are suprised with the Japanese train system.
Everyone tells me that I can have plastic surgery later or I might become pretty when I become a univerisity student.
What's worng
Before I come here, I was determin and promissed my friends to do my best!
It means that I should be confident my English if many people correct me because at least my sentense makes sense.
This website is very useful for me bacause I am look ing for the opportunity to improve my English.
I am a university student in the UK and I study accountacy ing.
Moreover, I have only two weeks to preapre for it!!
I had heard this morning that the Fukushima plant's adcident would be estimated as the level seven, which is ``the major problem`` and this is the worst situation could be.
Today, I got a phone call from my family, bceause New zaland had a bigger erathquake.
It can help me preprarration for my class..
What do you think about Reilgion and God..
I was born in Christy home..
why I was a Chrstion before..
My family members made me think in this reision..
Invited to a Bithday party iN AUS
It was my singpole freind's.
that is why I cooked Korean food which contained tofu, pork, zunichi, onion, chilly, lots of chilly paste and powder, soy source, sugar and etc.....
There were singapolian, korean, chinese and hong kong?
Have you ever eaten Chiken Ramen?
Intorduce myself
Whan I was in kindergarten, I learned ballet.
I also have gone to Rainbow Brige, Asakusa, Fuji mountion.
I can't wait for the 2nd half of the movie which will be roadshowed next summer.
I have so many assgnments lately.
I am male, but I too have a dream to fly to all over the worid as part of the cabin crew!!
I am look forward tobecoming good freind.
How about watching a drama like ``Friends``, or someting like that?
We are waitiing for the plane now.
I am really looking fowerd to it!!
I was very exicted about the after party on the boat.
Next movie was ``Batman``, that was directed by Tim Berton.
I hoped that they could give me some magzines to kill the time for a night.
To implove my English skill, I decided to keep journals.
I can't play soccor but I'm happy they won.
Especially the Tohoku region [Miyagi, Fukushima and Iwate] was more dagaged by it.
Today, I called apple suport center.
I had an appple cara (insurance) policy.
If I didn't carry insurance then I would have had to paya lot of money.
second to call this person and ask him why he did this and try to easily forget what he did> but I think it is going to be so difficult because I think he has to do this and I am sure I did not make that big thig....
Electric power reducetion request of 10%.
I went to the librally to study English.
I often use the city libraly when I feel (distracted?).
Have a good weekend, everone!
HaHa, Today was my lucky luckyday.
It has a rule which all players must not explane.
My neme is Shogo, and I belong to Hiroshima univercity.
I'm good at creating new plans or unipue ideas.
At noon, I went to a resturent for lunch with my friend, Sherry, and found a middle-aged man looking at us.
After finishing our meal, we went to ride our bikes and simulately, the man came to us and smiled.
Today's dinner was pizza, made by steave.
It was yammy:)
Today, I'm starting to write my dairy on thie web page.
During my days at school, my part time job was teaching Japasene.
I feel really relieved now due to the fact that today's work ran smoothly although we had some trouble with the destibution company.
Now that I finished preparing the shippment, I feel a load has been lifted off my shoulders.
In fact, therer is a staff canteen in our office building, but I have had lunch there for years and I have been bored by every single dish there.
weil es vielen Gegenden gibt, wo es selten regnet und wo Leute immer an Wassermangel leiden.
because they are so populer in Japan.
quality, art, charactors 'motion picture.
And I could drink Tim Hoton (I don't know the spelling)'s iced cappuccino!!!!!!!
Becuse I couldn't have imagined that
Some smou wrestlers bet a lot of money on the Japanese professional baseball games.
Because smou wrestling is the Japanese national sport, t the wrestlers who have been gambling should not be forgiven.
Actually, I'm not a big fan of smou wrestling but as it is the Japanese national sport and also a Japanese tradition, smou wrestling should be clean.
I want so badly for my writing avility to be improved.
But onedays daymy mother watched a moive, and found he was older than he was before and a little fat, then my mother told me... and I felt so terrible.
But it seem to be very difficult for me to complete the task which my advatiser gave (or assigned) me.
Anyway I have to continu for five years to get a doctorate.
From yur message, I learned ten new words approximately.
Last Satarday, I went out with some good friends.
Unfortunately there was a trafic jam on the bridge.
You know, because he is amazing and inteligent.
The most touching part was when he told mother in law and father in law how much he loves his wife and how much he misses her and his dauthers..
It is our first time, but it will be chalenging.
Which do youl like?
The reason is Japanese inn are wramful and relaxing.
It is remaked.
I hope someone will answer me and fix my Englsh soon.
A-ALFA
I rememberd everything that happened to me this year...
It's difficult to take (find) time to talk to my boyfreind.
They miss out on much happness when they are younger, and are trapped like birds in a coop!
This is my first time writting on this site.
If we adopt this restriction, eighteen and ninteen year old people will be inconvenienced.
I studied English for almost 10 years, but until half a year ago I didn't want to learn. I relized now that I must learn it fast to find a well paying job.
It made me aware that one girl's life will change forever after shock, one mother's choice will change her family forever after shock, and one memont can change your life forever after shock.
Witnessing other people's suffering during a natural disaster helps her to overcome her lown trauma and forgive her mother.
The Grab (Lucky?) bags im Fukubukuro, Japan are very populer.
I'm very surprize to watch the TV news that many people wait in line before the stores open!
English grammer
I started studying English grammer about ten days ago.
When I was a student, I studied English grammer.
So I study English grammer not for taking tests, but rather to use it, and because I like studing English.
She wanted me to saty over there tonight but I don't want to bother her.
It's a symple sentence, but it's useful.
One, you can learn a variety of knowledge. For example, literarure, physics,
I caought a coldxD I hope I get better soon.
I have headache and some feaver.
I have no remory of it.
However, when I brought the printout (?) of the program to my supervisor yesterday_ afternoon, he immediatly found the equation which should have been (?) divided by the simulation sampling time ``dt``, which I set to 0. 001!
Recentry, I thought about whata leader should do.
I know the airline compnay as I lived in Ireland before, but it is unfamiliar to most Japanese.
I want to study various things; English, Mathmatics, Algorythm, and so on.
Two peaple corrected my first one.
I worked at a company for 11hours, and studyng at home for 3hours.
We call this a coupon webiste or a group purchasing website.
The nan bread was bigger than I had expected.
The king canary was dying of curiousity because of a treasure.
First of all, I'm goint to acquire some firsthand experinece for 4 weeks as all new employees did, and then I'll be in charge of a compueter system.
I forget many words, idioms, and grammer.
I think I need to sduty harder than I am now.
I can't find the right words, even if I check them in a Japanese dictionary. Because it depens on the situation.
I love speaking with people of other countries beacuse I love to learn new things and to meet new people.
Throung this site I have met nice people that help me in English.
I love the animation Gintma!
Today, I got a text messege from one of my friends.
So, I sent hiim back a messege that said, ``I'm in.``
I couldn't breathe nornal, so I went straight outside and came back again.
For exsample, do you know 'Yesterday Once More'?
This song was made by The capenters.
Thouglt he is an old singer, we will remember him forever.
We made Japanese food such as Udon, Macha pafe, kinako, and azuki. We also decorated the Physics room in order to make Japanese atomosphere.
My boyfriend and I are planning to go to a spa located in Niseko this weekdend.
I'm an interior designer but I'm working as a market resercher now.........
Anyway, I'll ask you about ``aricles``.
I want to say to my father: You are the best father in the whold world.
I'm pround to be your daughter.
I have to be more deligent than anybody.
Today is Sunday, but we are still on duty, becasue of a shortage of power. (electric = implied)
Acutally, I don't like cold weather.
This weekend is probably going to be busy but remember, masa, you have to check Lang-8 and try to keep wirting a new entry for your study as many times as you can.
begin began bugun
I'm gonna go to my friend's for a sleepover and that's the only thing that im looking foward to.
I would like to get some methods for asking questinons about my assigment when I have problems this weekend, otherwise I can't proceed to the next step.
The temperatue is also about thirty-six,
This is a very critical tourning point in Japanese history!.
So, it is very rare for a private company to be bunkrupt...
The Japanese economic syle seems to have Westernised, which is very severe and dry.
In this sense, I think this JAL bancruptcy is a histrical turning point in Japanese history.
Except for oversleeping, I would always hear the phrase, ``The deligent man.``
If someone does not wake me up, I might be continuosly sleeping.
Unfortunately, one yeung couple sat near us. They were very impolite since they were discussing the movie very loudly, and this behavior is very disturbing when watching the movie.
Hi falks.
And form a friendsip story.
She came out with her new alubam in Japan.
I was really suplized!
As it for me, I have spent over two years learning accounting, if I were to try another area, it would be a big challange for me!
Most people (can/ could) have difficulties when they speak a foriegn language which they've alread studied for a long time.
I've studied a foriegn language for quite a long time.
Moreover, I can hardly express what I'm thinking in the foriegn language.
I studied English at school, and then studied Franch for two years in college.
I am studying at a distanse learning faculty at Kazan University of Culture and Arts, so I have a lot of free time.
There is a swimming pool nere here and it seems to be opening for the season.
Today I woke up at 10: 00 am and started studyng my anatomy lesson.
I attend a degree course in Biomedical Laboratory Techniques and at the beginning of February I'll take a human anatomy exam, I really hope I'll pass it with a good score beacouse I'm studying it so much I'm quite bored about it.
Can someone explain to me what the differance between these words?
I don't know how to improve my terrible English (>-<) Heip me please.
As a result, trafic accidents often occurr.
And I met another boy who was even yonger than me.
The teacher in our class was a native speaker from Austraia.
I may be able to improve my English pronounciation by going to English lessons.
My English has been mixtured with Chinese accent since I came to Singapore.
I will study Einglish enthusiastically.
out of consentration...
after I took Toefl test last month in addition to finishing exam in school, my consentration towards studying Engulish has run out.
I only study about 1 hour in a day I guess regardress of taking a break from my part time job for next toelf text and ielts.
I'm so tired... I really want to give up on evrything now if it is possible.
yes, it's ture,
how stupied of me!
I really appiciate my friends,
thay are always there to help me, whenever I have difficulties.
I fancy to accept the quote from a noveli, ``I am poor, humble, and unfair, but when our souls accross graves and stand in front of God we are equal.`` However, this is just an utterance which is used to encourage ourselves. Actually, it is meaningless and we cant alive (only?) depand on a spirit. I evidently understand that the four years of my campus life are going to be very splenid. I will reap many friendships and generate unforgettable memories here. Though, it also may be serious and I may live in a state of misesy for four years. in contrast with my precious friends and even sisters who haven't been enrolled in college. They dream I am futunate, but this place may possabily bring me a nightmare that I will never return to experience in my whole life. This sort of feeling is practical.
Several days ago, one of my friends told me about this website and I successfully registrationed.
This theme reminds me of the famous movie ``Terminater``.
I remember I enjoyed whatching the movie when I was growing up.
The biggest benefit of wark with teammates is that they inspire me, while my own ideas stick when I work on my own.
My hobby is listning music!
Some have two weeks vaction at most.
This vacation season of spring is calld Golden Week.
So almost all firms give their employees long-term vaction.
I am also enjoyning this vacation with my family.
Please contct us, people who like ``ONE PIECE``!
I don't speak Ukranian, and sometimes I feel that ukraine people don't like Russian people...
Therefore, thier situation is worse than mine.
Your neighbor's apartmanet was broken into.
But I couldn't cosentrate listening to English.
My familiy has a cat.
But I ove love love him.
I wunder what your opinion is, dear reader...
Step by step unusual things and coincedenses came into my life more and more.
Bio hazard4 by 3D is uneviled
There is a beatiful river called Venice (partle in jest)?
However, my favorite menu item on there is a glill vegitable& sausage dish mede by Staub.
It was very delisiouse and can ensue the maximumly flavor of glidience.
I barely drink liquar, but everyday I drink iced coffee.
Maybe I don't know how to deal with the relationship between colleagues after gradulation.
Maybe if I would ajust my temper to this entironment
They cheked my misstake and revised my diary.
So it's necersarry for me to visit, write and prectise english at lang8 site
I'm fine as useal.
My friend is in Canada for working hollydays.
How frightflness (scary) it is.
Self-introducation!!
I can help you by correcting your entries written in Japansese.
Recently I have been worried about my future, I do not know what I truely want to do? What is priority in my life?
I especially like suspens and action.
My favorite sport is table tannis.
I will keep taking lessons until I reach 1st grade table tannis skill
sereous flaw in it or you have some advice for me.
I will go to a ``GO tournament`` at a university in the neighbor prefecture so I will stay there only one night.
I heard that many people lose their job and sufferd from poverty.
They organaised some workshops, like 'manga' (it was for teenagers who like writing and drawing comics on their own), sewing (making a little brooches with Japanese material), clay modeling, ect.
So I only could make a resevation.
I think it is a critial problem...
And, unfortunatly, the instrctor seems to leave her job to others.
This moring
'I must prepare to work.' I whispere.
The company continued their aggresively overseas marketing. I know that today is due date of the corporation's establishment in Japan.
I desided to study English again to reach my dream after I enterd university.
I didn't expect that since I began to write compositions on lang-8 and had them correted by you guys, my spoken English has made great progress without much practice. I didn't even realize it before the interview.
This novel is famous because the writer committed suicided after he finished this novel.
Actually, I've already graduated in a reputable school in Osaka last 2006, but I still wana go there.
(Masato and Koji were the 28th menber.
This is the frist time that I have sold anything.
The item was a budha magnet. Last time my friends from Lang-8 helped me to correct my describtion and they told me about good marketing techniques to sell it to the people using a computer. It worked so now I can sell anything. I would like to say thanks so much for you kindness.
I recomend that Ishiba becomes the Japanese prime minister.
Lator on, I realized that the sound was actually coming from a clock which was making a loud tic tac sound.
It is a amazing that the tic tac sound could be so loud that I could hear it clearly when I paid attention to it, as opposed to when I didn't pay attention to it.
Hopefully my next joj will be connected to using English.
Last mounth, I met a backpacker from Honduras on the train.
Whoever is studying Japanease!
I adimire those Chinese writers, like Zheng Yuan jie, Han han, Guo Jing ming, they are very talented.
I was deeply tounched by her
style of writing, by her imageination, by her emotion.
My biggest drawbcak is the shortage of emotion.
PS: Rencently I hace a cruch (?) on the online game--``Maple Story``.
Actly I'm not a PC gamer.
I thougt that I didn't have to go to work.
I chose Japanese at hte beginning of our term.
The Moon is shirinking
So I was reliefed.
Einglish is very hard.
Okei, I desapear from lang-8 for almost 2 months.
He massages my muscles and sting needles to my neck, sholders, and back.
It only costs 2000 yen because I have Japanease medical insuarance.
I saw this drama and was recommended to me by an emcee of an information TV plogram.
This weekend, I will rent the DVD from a lental shop near my house.
Actually, you can find me there evry Saturday.
In Japan it often happens that an employee climbs the career radder
I was very ashemed and told him seriously ``I was trying to catch you and I did my best, but I couldn't catch you.
It is just opend this week.
The area where I am living is arrounding with many apartments and a lot of residents like me.
We feel excited if we have new shop or restuant open near-by.
And food did not taseted very good, the rice in the sushi is a bit loose..
There were a lot of a street vendor astall, so I ate some food, which were made within the stalls.
I stayed at my grandfather and grandother's house overnight.
This is totally my parsonal diary....
It's not the time for writting a journal, otherwise I can't go back to my place/ 'home and sleep peacefully.
At the same time he was disiplined enough to not say, ``I want it.``
And he breathed fast like a dog which was told ``HOLD!`` in front of the meal by his mastar.
The skin of my face has something bad happend.
I think he just thinks about winnig the election.
I'm sorry I could 't eat fruts salada.
I ate buloot and I thought it was dangerous.
I participated in it of my own accoord.
it is usually rainny, cloud, and cool.
strip you of your once ratical dream and to put
(Q1) What makes you happy (sad, angry, surprised, unhappy, bored, frastrated, etc)?
This is my first challenge. It was raining when I left home this morning. I looked for a good unbllela but soon realized that I did not have good one.
For several years I kept losing my unbllelas.
Rihanna is a talanted singer! Recently, I have listened the song ``the canifornia king bed`` over and over again.
Just relex. ``
Perfect skills in reading and wirting english will help that purpose.
``I was looking for some action but all I found was cigarettse and alcohol.``
This is hard for employees but I can have private or self-learning time due to this order, like wrinting entries this this English learning site.
I'm a student of departmrnt of biological science and belonging the laboratry of structural and functional analyses on biomolecules.
My research theme is tructural and functional study of hypothetical protein of an extremely thermophile, Thermus thermophilius HB8.
I respect his incredible mathmatical skills
So, I still have a little trouble to communicate in Enblish (especially spopken British English, accents and pronounciations).
In fact, I was near critisizing them.
I'm relaxing with parfume now.
This resturant just recently opened.
Instead of prepairing for it, I was cleaning my room the whole evening, hoping it would put in order my thoughts which hardly wanted to form into sentences.
Then, I left the resteraunt not sure if he would call me again, but I am satisfied with myself because it was a good challenge for me.
What an auful fortune!
Every shop had displays set up at the front, therefore every store looked very good, and I didn't decide which store was the best (sotre).
I bought takoyaki at four different stores and ate them in oreder.
In my Japnese-English dictionary, ``Uchiawase suru (verb)`` is translated as ``to make arrangements.`` But thisdoes n't sound rightat all!
Of course corrections on this post itself are miost welcome..
Today, I saw photos of a short abroad stay proglam at my university.
I work for financial survices.
You need to found a strong wall aganist those from society who hurt you.
You have a commer aim-that is, to come on together for your family's happiness.
Did you see the movie Karate Kid that rencently premiered?
However, I am in Singapore now, here is clean and safe, sorry poor Japanese workers, ``I AM IN SINGAPORE AND I AM WORKING NOW.`` You guys will have to wrok so hard and for a long time as slaves, no worse than them.
I felt shameful while the movie, this movie showed foreingers how disgusting the Japanese culture is.
Because I didn't do anythink for two months.
At first, I was feeling so nervous, but it was a good oppotunity for me.
That is why I worte this letter to you.
I'm watching videos on You Tubu now.
Elderly people who live alone like the woman have less of a chance to communicate and visit with family or neighborhood.
She has lived in a dormitary.
They would take thier boyfriends to the dormitary and let them stay over night.
The dormitary is a house, so my friend could not help running into them.
We acutally don't like Pachinko, but the restaurant next to it is very cheap.
We like to go for lunch on the weekend because it is very delisious there!
I want to speak fluentry English.
The OkonomiyakiI was good.
First, Merry Christmas! Enjoy youself!
Beacuse of the long distance I had to give up an interview this afternoon.
when I picked it up to chekking the contents, my friend went to the ladies room and left her daughter with me.
I took a Bulet train.
Yesterday was Spring Festerval.
It is time that I become mature and be responssible for my behavior.
There is a special place where we go to see a beautiful night veiw
Re-type e-mail address to forward this card to more frineds after sending.
I must speak English at least five minutes every day because I become very shy and nervous when I speak to someone in English in calsses.
I need to be brave enought to say what I want to let them know.
I NEED TO BE STORONG MYSELF!!
But I realize taht life is not that easy anymore.
Recently, there's another porblem that I have to face.
I'm Japanese and a university sutudent.
I major in medical science, that is to say I will be a docter.
I tweet in English everyday, talk with my Filipina friend (s) on skype, and write in my diary in English like this!!
My habby is playing basketball and watching NBA games.
He was descriminated against by some crazy Amricans, and they tried to rip him off him.
I have another example. I met some Japanese bilinguals in Australia, but some of them told me that when they were in shools, they were discriminated against by other Australians, even though they could speak English like other Australians.
Sooner or later borders will disappearbut sad to say things still remain as they are now, we have to keep fighting against discriination to live on other countries.
So I think it's an excellent idea to write my diary on Lange-8 in English because, hopefully, someone may correct my mitakes.
I can believe in myselif!!!
Oh, I don't know yet wheter I'll get the job or not!
I want to study aboroad someday.
I am not Cristian.... will that cause trouble for them?
I hope, that everything wiil be ok. (more conversational)
Now I am studing English.
I can read an English book which is writen with easy words.
ny sign of blood on the road or anywhere on his body.
He got used to this environment fairly quikly.
However, some peole push too far.
someting like that.
We just staied instead on 11th Avenue and watched the fireworks presentation.
They sometimes quarreled with each other, but made up immediatly.
I undrestand my son's feelings, because I have had the same experience as him.
I don't know how hard they qurreled today.
As it was expected, after the anouncement of the health minister about swine flu, many people ran to buy masks.
Because I went to thre to work.
People in the school cooked with colledge students in Matuyama city.
Matuyama city is Ehime Prefecture.
I just started keeping an Englisy diary today.
I think it is a quite helpful website for (with) people who are learing the (ir) second or third languages.
let's exchange throughs and help each other.
My friend reccomended this homepage.
Anyway, the guys in this viedo are awesome.
Their motorcycle transporter was carried by my transpoter transporter.
I wanna go there, I guess it is the in the middest of summer in Australia, the season is the oppsite of Japan.
but now Im still remain poor
We studyied for over six hours and I was so tired.
That is becuase I am going to see a foodball game in an hour and after that I am going to eat at a friend's house.
I'm so tired because I studeid until 9: 50 p.
I attended the banguet yesterday evening.
I have to prepare informtion about Montreal.
It is made with wheet flour, soup, and some other ingredients for example, rice cakes, cheese, octopus, lobster, and so on.
In general, it is difficult for beginer to make.
I have a scype ID, and sometimes use this to talk with my friends, but I have never used Skype to talk with foreign people.
I'm planning to travel next yaer.
It would be a little bit scarely for me.
I have been to Paris, London, and Canada before but these places would be for the fisrt time.
The other is to squat down untill the right answear descends to him.
I tried to translate it but I couldnn't. It was too difficult for me..
In this October, I decided to enter the Chinise speech contest.
In the movie ``Magnolia``, her song was used and gave it a supernaturaly or merancolily mood.
I'm working at an English conversation school as a front desk personnel, but my English skill isn't good enough so I can't comunicate with a native English teacher.
We're gonna (going to) have a bisiness presentation test tomorrow.
How actual is discussion anout this person.
Finally, I want to tell that the personflity of Mary the First is very unusual and interesting.
Yes, she has brought much pain and suffering to her people but throughout ther life, she, too suffered much.
In my work I have also found out that a lot of films had been produced about Bloody Mary; moreovere they are still producing films about her. We wrote a lot of books too. These two examples proves that she is still interesting to people.
But now, I'm surfing the Net and drawing pictuers.
Japan is an archipelago comprised of a number of islands such as Kyusyu, Shikoku, Hokkaido and Okinawa, located in the middle of northern hemispher.
I thougt it would be good to buy some education stuff.
I saw some news that so many contries are praying for Japan, and giving us resucue, money, foods and so on.
So your help will be really thankfull:)
I'm becoming suited to Autralia little by little.
Seravel weeks ago, there was a big strike in my company, I work in a state-owned company with 4000 workers, which produce NC machine.
You know, a nomal worker is just paid 2000 a month, less than the gas allowance, so rediculous!
Finally the managers gave in, they came to the workshop to negociate with the workers, promised to grant the half-yearly allowance at once, and canceld the middle managers 'gas allowance.
Anyway, the result was not bad, workers got back to work after they recieved the allowance.
Sometimes genes have great influence on children, but the more important would be the quality of upgrowing at home and teaching at school.
TV business get involved in price competition against Sumsung, while the bubble of solar panel business has already burst.
Thank you for reanding my entry.
The Japananese P.
Yukio Hatoyama is struglling against transferring Futenma U.
He pronounced on transferrign out of Japan, but U.
Maybe it's a seceret)
The cause of my sadness was a quarrel with my hasband.
On my way to the pool, a car suddenly appeard on my right side and then cut in front of my car so I honked my horn.
It's a piity that I have not found this webside ealier.
We pracice cheerleading over 5 hours every weekday and over 10 hours on the weekend.
Because, I have canker sore on my tangue.: '-(
So I ate many begetables for lunch!!
Flying sourcer? No, It's a flying car!
Bamboo Blade is an anime that was broadcast 4 yaers ago.
Today is a festibal in my town.
When I walk for a few minuites, I get wet with perspiration.
In Obon the souls of our ancesters come to us and we invite them.
I was able to keep this pace with the other runers.
My son has been in hospital for 9 ddays with a serious diseas.
I want speak this beautyfull language!
I have been waiting to get this part-time job becouse it's very popular.
fortunately, there were only a few costomers today.
I am alrady awake
when I was high school, I learen Japanese but I forgot many things.
I will dance at the year-end party of my devision tomorrow.
Could you correct my dictation sctipt?
Enjoy this amazing video, which is on a weired deep sea fish with a transparent head.
The Macropinna microstoma, known as the barrel-eye fish, is small and dark with large fins, a tiny mouth, and unusual barrel eyes under a transparent dome. The two green spheres in the video are the lenses of its tubular barreleyes and the eyes are in closed in the transparent shield, sort of like a glass canopy of a jet fighter.
Above the mouth the two dark capsules that appear to be eyes, actually contains the fish's olfactory organs, or the equevalent of nostrils.
Ood!
It's ood to my body because I can't move quickly.
But now that I'm dieting I might cease from deit.
for foringners
But that's the mimnimum I have to do.
Classes end at 15: 15. After that we have club actibity until (?) about 18: 00.
but when my son enters erementaly school, I will have to do night duties.
The teachers of agulicurtureor farming have to do this heavy work no fewer than once a week.
I'm waitnig for an answer from the company which I took a job interview from last Thursday.
Anyway, I think I'll get some new infomation tomorrow.
He appers only in the summer.
I couldn't help checking thoughout the room.
I am not sure whenther I was able to sleep or not.
Bofre university, their only focus was studying in the cities.
After that I went to eat Chainese food with my classmate.
This is a very famous regend among Japanese people.
Of course one was to study Engish hard there, and the other was to order a s-size cheeze burger meal in Sydney.
So it was natural that I thought the size of Australian cheeze burgers should be super jumbo as well.
I rushded to a McDonalds in Sydney just after I arrived in Australia.
I ordered a cheeze burger meal at the counter in joy.
I gazed at the cheeze buger meal for 5 seconds.
When I started talking about the weired news, I finally found him under my table on the floor.
I have been finding books writen in English for my studies.
Reasently the website introduced a lot of books and digital books.
Resently free digital books have been introduced.
Digital books have many good points, for example digital dictionary soltware can be used in digital books.
So, I asked my husband to massage my neck and shoullders for me.
I `m sorrty for the delay in diary entries.
This april, almost my freinds start to work so we couldn `t meet and drink easily; but I hope we can do it again ^ ^ They are my precious freinds.
There sre applications for Twitter, Facebook and Mixi for the iPhone.
Good morning-zao shan havo
I want to stuy hard, to read the document, and to deepen my understanding of my major.
I haven't gotten a job yet even though I've had some interviwes.
Cristmas is coming in about two weeks.
Some houses really took a lot of effoets to put up their Christmas decorations.
But I can't repond quickly when I am asked by a English native speaker, even though I have what I want to say in my mind.
She was terribly frightened after she read a person's blog on which he made a structurly analysis about the disaster that willhappen in 2012.
Coincidently, the news report said an earthquake took place in a country on the Pacific Ocean.
As a matter of fact, in the end of 2009, a bizzard has swept over many places like western Europe, the US and Xinjiang Province in China.
And the horrible earthquake that has made many Hitians lose their families.
The immidiate family is the most basic and smallest community in the society.
I played with his son, showing him how howto use iPhone apps and teaching him some words.
He is starting to join the society guradually.
I think that the university should increase the number of questions that test output skills, say, organizing thoughts in essays or drawing conclusins from some facts or expressing oneself in English and so on.
But, not to speak of conversation with adults, they can't write even juniar high school-level writings or communicate with native English children.
Indeed you will see, reading this teribble sentence, I'm not an exception.
everyone loves raggae, Latin, cumbia (?), jungle and drum 'n' bass.
He left money for my marraige fund.
Howerver, my computer is just two years old and I should wait at least one or two years to buy the next one.
He paied 500 dollars and got a new computer.
I usually use two online serives for learning English.
This website uses Flash technolgy for learning words and phrases.
It is simiilar to the English one, and I think this is useful and convenient for Japanese language lerner.
The iknow involves also blogging feature and sns feature, but I feel that this blog and its sns system is not so good relratively to lang-8, this website.
actualy, my dad lives in China for him job.
Anyway, I relley miss Japanese food, such as sushi, nikugyaga, oden etc.
Althoght you can get sushi in london, the taste is definitely different!
Snaks in londo are really cheap.
While I'm eating snaks, I'm happy but when I finish, I feel guilty for some reason and sick because I ate too much.
becouse Macdonals's cheese has some special additive like a drug.
So I think snaks have the same kind of additive.
Anyway I ate cookies todoay even when I know about this effet...
My English is poor, but I realy want to improve it, anyone can help me???
I was tierd
We got medisine.
She wnat to give me a gift.
Althogh it's challenging for me to think of topics to write in English, It has become more enjoyable for me to write in English!
My friend and I are planning to go to Tokyo Disny Resort next month.
We love Tokyo Disny Resort.
And I was studing harder than usual,
I thik I shall give her some canneles when I return the molds.
In my class therea are students who are almost native speakers..
Last Sunday I drank with some English teathers and their friends.
I woke up earlier than other days and& nbsp; went to the hospital because I was concerned about a litte faver.
these days swin flu is prevalenced (???).
so I was really worried about it, but it was just a faver.
thrid, I will have a part time jod for weekend
I 'd like to registrate as soon as possible, in order to make an early hotel reservation (only available for that association menber).
Dear** Assiciation staff
I'd appreciate it if you could registrate me before Jan. 5.
Then, the boy came to the shop and tells us about the owener of shop.
-but I sold to Jwish man.
just a traslation entry
She was accused of spying on the Iranian governement in favour of the USA.
As soon as I arrived, I took a warm shower and then I went to seelp.
My husband bought me a I-pod touth the other day.
A small displacement gasoline engine is mounted on the power tiller, it is 4 cycle air-coooled one.
It is my important right hand in the garden and feild.
Even though I joined the site lmmediately, it was not easy for me to find time to write.
My hobby is surfin.
I've forgote to tell my mother about it.
Now the busy week passed, I can relax and revive agian.
``Having finished lusnch, I went directly to ~``
I know that it's a bad habbit.
I hope you will help me to lern better English!
I always go to the restrant at lunch time with my colleaque.
The conductor anounced that someone was trying to commit suicide on the track so trains would not run uitil the police arrived.
RecentIy, I have been often reading the book Self-development, because of the training of logical thinking and Photo reading.
Recently, izakaya (Japanese pub) which searves flat-rate foods and drinks is very popular in bright-light districts.
Nowadays, I have to recognize that I relly learned a lot from those stories.
I relly miss them.
I miss my childhood and I especially miss the person who made me laugh in the old olddays.
Do you know any manngas of Japan?
For exanple, Doraemon, wanpi-su, Death note, Naruto, etc.
There was a free concert in the center plazza.
There are several stalls (street vendor) around the plazza.
I think cumsuing there is not cheap.
I aslo saw firefighters standing by.
A urban appearance in downtown San Jose is preety good.
She couldn't follow what we said and felt uneasy. But I though she only has only been learning Japanese for 3 months, and her pornunciation was good. It is not easy.
A buritish girl is staying in the hostel now.
No Japanese shall beat my child, and I raelly really wish for that.
In passing off, ``dilution`` means damege to the goodwill.
becuase I have to go to work tomorrow.
becuase my graduation is just around corner!!!!
I'm going to have my hair parmed tomorrow.
However, my hair was not parmed very well.
Was it so expectable?
And I've been waiting for the result of the exam for Osaka Univeristy (Chinese major).
Resently, I quit The Chanson Society [I play the bass guitar].
I have had a lot of hoemwork, and I had to make a presentation.
I still remeber I lined up for two houer becuase I wanted to buy a moon cake.
Yesterday my boyfirned and I went to some nice places.
Happly full moon festival.
But although it was only thirty minites since the festival started, all of the lobster was sold out when I arrived (there).
Of course I ordered a lobstger set.
We studied writing, reading, grammer and stuff like that.
My doughter is a big fan of Ponyo.
She continued to help her mother, for exsample; washing the bath, washing the disehes and so on.
He can speak English fluentely considering the fact he is Japanese.
But some Singaporeans told me these salaries are quite common here, and they added that some intelligent Chinese and Idians are earning more.
I had fixed my pronuncation.
I don't understand what is diffrence between/ o/,/ ou/, and u:/.
AMon, Give me power!
I am working at a Japanese reustraunt in Victoria,
In the winter holidays, I didn't syudy very much, which worried me because there is a test coming.
The second time a foreign customer came to our comapny (office)
It takes a long way to get there; we had to go all the way up a montain.
Usully I like to sleep in the morning.
I liked it vey much.
She was happy to understund each orher before they had problems.
Her job is about about advertizing and maketting paper.
I would like to attend the party too, but unfortunity, they are serious subjects from the University.
In that place, someone recevied my call next to me.
So much descrimination!!!!!!!!!!
I planned to go to a movie with my frinds.
I think he couldn't adapt to his new situation (or environment), but in my case I got used to it owing to travering to lots of places.
(I can get it on Monday) But it's still cheape, compared to in Japan.
When I arrived at the theater, I picked ``Inception`` becouse some of my frinds told me that it was really good.
When I bought a samll coke and popcorm.
I couldn't figuer it out though.
To be honest, I am one who wants to puch reality away.
The tests of profiency are the most important tests for language learners because these tests represent the student's ability in a language.
I'll be back on monday, the others will be back on Thesday.
Hopehully I would like to get paid-holiday for thesday, but I can't.