I found a discount price for the train sticket including an one day ski lift pass
I'm looking foward to going next sunday.
what's the differents between them?
I didin't write in my diary recently.
but, as with everytime I go to a bookstore, there were so many foreingner.
That's my misunderstanding and I thought how if I travle to he US, the locals might think that I'm Chinese, or Japanese or some such......
I joined Lang-8 because I wanted to learn Japanise, but later I realised I needed to learn how to write japanise to do so.
But now I enjoy helping japanise people to learn germany by correcting their writings.
I'm quite shure my spelling is creepy, and since the times back in school I 've been allways using wrong tense forms,
I wnat to improve my English so I can pass the IELTS 6. 5.
The first song ``Rock' n 'Roll star`` really made everybody gonna crazy, and it's really really excciting!
But we need air conditioner beacuse of the extremely hot weather in Shanghai.
It seems to be a very misterious world.
Frist, grind the tomatoes and garlic. Next put the garlic and olive in a frying pan. After that, put some salt and pepper in with the tomatoes, then boil them.
It is a Monay morning.
Have I eaten somethinig bad last night?
It's ``Qantus airline``, the most expensive company.
So this is gon to be a first for me.
I examed a staff reporter's story and a news feature.
All the conversations we have are in English and sometimes Italiano (but I never tried to speak in Italian).
Namally, I will study Chinese and English on Livemocha, though.
I enjoyed scating!!
I'm vulnarable to any kind of noise, especially at night.
Moreover, even if I fall asleep, I'm always easily awakened every everytime I hear a noise
This phenomenon makes me exausted and inactive.
Occasionally, it seems to me like my alram goes off without a sound.
Unfortunately, I don't notice the sound of my alram as good as I do with small noises.
I'm going to start a part-time job eariler than I thought I would have to.
I like English, because English is not a very diffical language.
Althought our languages are not the same.
Kamakura is a famous place for forigners, visitors and surfers.
Banana pancakes, one of the popupar menu items in there, were so good:D It contained recota cheese.
Hellow, everyone.
I miss syudying!
I sent her some songs from my friend who sent it to me so, I think my friend will love the atter that I sent it to her already, she asked me to give her other songs too.
I imagin.
Next week I think I will find a job soon because I relaxed ennough.
On the 5th of this month is father day so usualy buy somthing for my dad, at the moment I bought it already.
Do you have farher's day in your country or not?
Recently, I have started using Facebok.
It is great to be able to communicate with friends in English, especially those living in forein countries!
My goal is to be someone who can write down ideas, wthout mistakes, in English and communicate fluently with people all over the world.
I'm very happy, now I need to buy an iMac for develope.
Mybe next month.
Frist time on Lang-8
After I logged on to this website, I felt I had just enteried into the language of Disneyland, where u could find any language, and anyone from any part of the world at any time.
One of the most ointeresting thing I noticed is that u can improve your language level not only by talking online but by correcting others 'diaries, which anyone can add comments right below the diary to inform the writer of the mistakes he/ she made in his/ her article.
nowadays Im very crazy to watch movie ``s`` ``in`` ``englsih``
This causes a pause in my dialoge.
My Forigher Friend
We are both foreniger.
Especaily if it's English.
Nearly all parents scold their children. But, when thier children act wrong or make a momentous decision, parents are worried and anxious about their beloved's future,, because their children are their greatest pride.
I found out something about our defference.
But I was still happy because I bought a katana as a souvenior.
So I belive that I've alreay known grammar in English.
You can tell my lack of vocabulary and a bit short length of sentanc is like a child's.
I'm learning a group of vocabulary to be acusstomed with it efficiencly.
In Japan, someone lost their job, they could make their house out of boad.
We useally decorate hinadolls from the middle of February.
Because if the still decoreated Hinadolls are on display after that day, it is said she will marry late.
Fortunatery, I'm a sophomore now.
I'm especially not good at the reading and the grammer section.
Schocking LaLa mountaion trip
The trip had a schocking incident which remains my head.
We were in a traffic jam on the way to LaLa mountaion.
cockroack!!!
We killed `five cockroack` that day and retained their corpses to show to the manager.
I remmenber that there were a lot of becutiful stars in the sky that night but I don `t recall anything else that happened...
I have started to write a dialy to improve my English.
but it's diffiiculty.
so I decided to write in this diary in enlgish every day.
and I want to make many firends.
Now I am struggeling with driving, I mean, in traffic.
I went to the hitting senter.
I have recently praticed playing a song called ``Just Be Friends``.
My part-time job starts tomorrow and college starts the todays after tomorrow.
I'm workking hard!
``What happends next?
I don't know what I'll be writting about yet, but I'm sure I'll find something.
The classmates were from all over the world like Chinese, Korean, Bosnan and so on.
I'm an economics student in Kyoto. I'm keenly interrested in innovation and Investmet science.
I'm going to barbar to have my hair cut.
The word order of Korean is differnt from that of English.
And I have to go back to my homecountry next Febrary.
In addition, we tend to differenciate our behavior according to our first impression.
One thing that I am concerned about is the inconvenience of short bettery life.
More Advantages of lliving in a Big City
I think I may well be able to make assie friends over time but it is difficult.
In that sense, I've been studying Engilsh with my tutor lately.
Yet Engglish as a second languge is so hard to me.
I feel happness.
After the luch, we went for coffee again.
Finally we went for crispy cream doughgnuts and more talking.
It is my fevorite!!
Therefore thare is a modern/ up-to-date railway station, although if you prefer, the city also has a small airport.
C., for this reason nowadays the city conserver several Roman monuments like a wall, a theatre, a forum, and other important archaeological sites.
It's a wall on the mountain, and it defense the city.
Now, I have a sliht headache> <
There is a very interesting phenominon in Hong Kong.
About 400 years ago, ``Nakasendo`` was maintananced as a main road from Edo (old Tokyo name) to Kyoto. The roast was also known as ``Tokaido``.
Vut this is my first job.
chatting with primary claassmates, it rained heavily
nippel& pacifier
I ususally don't care about these things, but just enjoy them as dramas.
After surfing through a music website, I found a song called ``Crush`` and clicked the ``play`` button. The melody brought me bcak to high school times.
I still remember when I wait around the street conner for half an hour just wanting to get a glimpse.
I was afriad you could hear my heartbeat, because it sounded so loudly...
totelly tragedy...
It's very tough and chanlleging for me to advertise my class next month, but I'll make an all-out effort.
Fortunately, my mom apoligized for being stressed and grumpy when we sat in the car.
The first buyer I called got irratated because of my pronouncation.
Fortunely, I like to go on a journey alone and I decided to do it!
To make maters worse, the cost of transportation fees are expensive!!
I did not know what rural life is, and at first I was very confused with the defferences between rual and urban.
In addition, Akita is one of the most famous rice producting regions,
But actually, I haven't seemed to have selected this job because I live in Busan. It is the second largy city. Busan is far away, a long distance from Seoul
and Seoul is the largy city. So, there was more than expensive
anway, now, I am feeling happy.
It has really intersting stories, but it's difficult to understand in English since they use a lot of medical words which I don't know.
House and his team fight against unuaual medical cases.
Today, there is only one lesson, I? to see a movie after learning Englis.
lt is a pupple print t-shirt!!
I haven't used Lamg-8 for a long time
Yesterday it sonw heavily in Beijing and I went out to buy an MP3 player to lishten to English songs ~
It takes my bleath away.
I think the best way to learn English is to compose English sentense by myself.
Next diary want to write good sentense as soon as possible.
He is from Australia but he told me his father and mather are from New Zealand, which I think is really s strange.
another colleagu made a business trip to China.
I wonder if my listening has imoroved now I can't understand and hear sometimes.
I need to prepar for it and I hope to spend nice winter holidday.
I'm studying Japanese, but I want to write a diary in Englsh.
but, when I went to University, I found/ realized that there was no reason I should study Engilsh.
I used to follow the general norns and never thought about of it.
Our oppositor are so good, our topic is ``Computers Will Substitute Books``.
he is lasy and useless.
By the way, allmost all of my friends, including myself, think that foreign companies immediately fire employees when they make some mistakes, which is a bad image.
I was speaking about the fact that sometimes I get frustated because I want to improve my Japanese.
For eample, I read a book, use a computer, wash clothes etc.
Because of my life is not exciting and stressfully.
I like Ema Watson.
I have to jose weight.
On frieday, I was working at my office as usual.
One headline said ``The fifth biggest earthquake in history occured in Japan.`` I did not really care, because storng earthquakes are very common disasters; it's kind of everyday experience in Japan.
She told me that her flat was not really damaged, but she had thought that she would die when the earthquake occred.
So I told her that it was the best time to buy some Japanese construction firms 'stucks/ shares.
On friday and saturday, the prices of many Japanese stucks/ shares went down because of the earthquake, and definitely the Japanese government and companies will have to reconstruct everything.
which is something delicous!!
In this seterday and Sunday I will be a promter girl.
Hallo, everyone!
I went to my friend's flat with my two other friends today, and I learned how to cook ``Purukogi`` (Korean food) for my Koean friend.
When we were buying minced beef, onions, cabbage and more, my friend surpurise me when she took a kiwi fruit.
I have never seen it in Japan, the tast is mysterious.
Now I'm busy studying for finel exams.
Obviously, our lives has changed enormously because of the use of comeputers.
However, like a double-edged sword, they bring negtive things as well.
Now I always meet my friends from it and talk about our recent lives no matter whether they are in China or America or any other contry.
However, it is nonsence to be on her side when she is very angry with me...
In this club, many non-English-native people whom was interested in English gathered and talked with oter people in English for two hours.
Latestly, this style is in fashion in Japan.
I thought it was usuful lesson of speaking and hearing English.
``You bet`` he replied and dived into the water with his flashy long harpoon and desappeared into the dark violet.
I Iike leaning English, but my English is not good, I hope someone can help me.
I am a koean university student.
It moved me and left a nice aftertase on my heart.
I also love that of CAT 'S EYE, the beach where scene Hitomi got back her memory by the music box. It was so beautifle and pure.
All this period of my life I could characterise as a painfull quest for self-development, which is really hard to achieve in the current situation, when almost all the time I'm busy at work, where I have no exact timetable that would allow me to go to language courses...
and I'm going to the Reading festivan to listen to Radiohead.
After the long over time last nidnight
No, it is not a blede.
Sazae-san syndrom
I happen found out about this site from some bloger.
I negotiated a new business deal because my occupatin is sales.
I visited many places, saw many beutiful sights, felt the good atmosphere, met many kind people, and took more than 1200 photos.
Hello everybody!:) Im; m like to be here!
I like reading comics and watching moveis in my free time.
Indeed, it is convinient.
If we had fewer vending machines, Japan would not need nuclear power plants and accidents such as ``Hukushima`` would not occur.
According to the unformal, but still credible results, I suceeded in it!* This sounds more natural
The second part of the exam is going to be held on Octorber 11.
Recently, our factory don't get enought orders so that we l are free are not so busy.
It is 21: 28pm, not too late but something happend, which made me realize English is really, really important for overseas people to live here.
He was sitting sideways on a chair and strated talking to us, like just saying some greetings and shaking our hands then he was talking about his story and how he was in prison for 5 years as he did something bad (he is 21 now).
I am a fasion advisor.
It tells the story of man with a mild form of authism.
Throughout his life, he becomes many characters: a football player, a soldier, a fishmen, a gardener, and all of this (was achieved) with an IQ of 75.
In three years he runs the lenght and breadth of the United States.
The class which is chosen by the computer must go to the small island, and then the army makes them kill each other until there is only one surviver.
And then the ``program`` will start on the hopless island.
It tast a little light, so I added some soy sause to it.
To prevent sunburn we can use itens like sunblock that reduces the damage of the sun.
This news said that this programe,
It was unbeleavable. We never wear coats in Sempember or October.
It's the turn of the season now, so let's be carefull not to catch/ get a cold.
I moved to Toronto last April and am sopposed to stay here
Here in Toronto, I could manage to meet a lot of dieffent people who
I'm planning to get a driver's lisence during spring break.
We have a custom of giving presents or dininng together to express our daily gratitude.
My shop deals with polo shirts and is famous for poro shirts, so it is packed with people.
Although my English is very poor, I hope can make many friend to learn a languege together:)
I have a queation about a sentence that I read:
Due to the high cost of textbooks in the school bookstore, I recently did some reseach and bought some books online.
One was the Stir-fried dried bean curd with sherdded pork, and the other was the ``Three-cup Mushroom``.
I should not simply (only) compare Japan with Singapore, but around half the polulation in Singapore are foreingers.
So some normal Japanese English learners mindlessly belive that English lessons should be taught only in English.
It's storytelling with several picutures, and is a form of traditional Japanese entertainment.
All you need to do is put a seal-shaped IC gadgety on the outside of the body.
Is the followig information correct?
Master's Degree antispated March 2012
Our lives are not so good, like everyone in this world, but, if we are mature, we know that we have the tools to make a difference and understad forgiveness is the key for a good life, a life who a few people choice, but is so refreshing. You should try.
I felt ``The PC is closed`` is something starange.
After my guraduation, I will go to the cafe often.
As we all know, the attainment/ reaching of success is only realised through practising again and again, which had (has) been proved by so many famous people, such as Michael Jordon, Kobe, and so on.
I can't remember my Japanese teachers from when I was a bigginer.
Why I say it's a problem is because the people I met when I came to Japan often said to me, 'Arumoo, your Japanese is so fomal and you use many difficult kanji.'
I Just started. I'm very shy when speaking to stangers. My mother encouraged us to do it.
I came from YOKOHAMA after Igraduated from univercity.
Last Year I went to THAI first time.
I have a plan to travel to THAI this year.
Yesterday, I did reserch.
This was the second thing that was surpirising.
Also, we listed to music and played with 2 babies who we didn't knowXD. XD
Yeah, I don't have enough time to struct any ideas.
Defferences in their culture, language, common sense, and politics.
The politics were especially defferent from Japan.
And more than 10000 people have evacuated to Turcky.
It's very intersting!
I hope we can study foeignal language well!
She wants to try snowbording next time.
That contribute to Japanese Arkeorogy.
Anyway I've got some sentenses that I can't understand clearly.
But, working men or worman have maybe 1 week summer vacations.
If one were to ask all the Japanese animation producers about the best Japanese animation, most of them would answer that the movie ``Akira`` is the best Japanese aimation, better than anything else.
In my subconsiousness, I think of tomatoes as fruits, not as vegetables, although I know that tomatoes are vegetables technically.
I staeted Lang-8.
I have a band and we practice with the other members every. saturaday.
I'm going to go to Minessota.
Becuase I had a hard time finding keywords to do the reserch, I vivisted the library reference desk for the first time yesterday.
The librarian was helpful in telling me where to go to find the database and good keywords to do the reaserch.
At last, he sechduled me for an appointment to meet with a librarianwho is good at business topics to help me out with my research.
I've just translated it from Japanese to Englsh word by word.
Thankd!
I asked one of my firends living in Seoul becausei dont have lots of money
I brought a hot-watter bottle.
I enjoy wroking!
so if you know any good contries or cities, please tell me ^ ^
Because my English becomaing worse, and at June, I have to take part in the CET4, evertbody said that the test was easy, but I don't think so.
I must spend more time in learning two forign language.
I can n't deai with them well.
I went for a walk with my littel brother.
Then, even though I showed him genuine bresd, he still said that it looked like a conch shell.
Nowdays, I am watching an American drama named 'desperate housewives'.
So could you recommend another funny Ameracan darama??
Today, I just discovered a [new] method to improve my writting skills.
woods: I managed to contact them four days ago but they didnn't reply (to me) until this morning. They complained that we didn't contact them earlier.
I stopped for 2 years and then started to play piao again but with a different teacher:)
But I am scared when she teaches me, she gets angry easily and tells me to use my brain propely T_ T
We of_ ofcourse have not only English, we have another subjects to study!
at macquary because I'd like to improve my skill for writing, reading,
speaking and lishtening.
I often skateboard (/ go skateboarding) resentry.
My wrists allways help me, and they trim (?) my condition.
Skateborad is such a dangerous sport but a more than interasting suport!
I found this website in a magine.
I was surprised to see so many people here speaking several different langues.
She taught me it carefully enough for me to undrestand easily.
There was an autumn festival at the neighborhood temple.
Or shoud I say, ``He picks up girls after he turned 30.``
Are they different from ``not good`` and ``not bad`` respectivcely?
My grandmother died seven years ago, when she was ninty-five, after lying in a hospital bed for about ten years.
Right after she moved to the hopital, I would go see her.
I don't need a long life expentancy, just a life that I'm satisfied with.
Do I use this site stedily?
beacuse I could understand some news in English on TV. join with sentence above
I play the bass guiter in my band.
So I sudying about musical instrument and constitution of the music.
I tried to read the notes for 'Heart of Gold' by Niel Young.
Here is a YouTube video of 'Heart of Gold' sung by Niel Young.
Today, I took a drinving lesson. It was my third time and it was quite good.
I noticed that one of the most difficult things in English is caring about singuar and plural form of the words I use.
My freind's birthday party
We enjoed beer at a resturant.
Tell me why you don't answer me even though I texted you and called you more than two times. Plus, its been twenty four hours alredy....
Cleary, I told told you lie intentinary when you asked me wheather I will study in the U.
I feel like I'm a litlle weird, but my friend told me that he scolds himself like ``Stupid!!
Anyway I don't know wheather I can continue to post diary entries.
I have studed English very hard everyday, but I hardly speak English.
And I want to make a lot of friends who are native speker.
Yesterday was my yonger sister's birthday!
I will be very happy if you become my friend and inform me of any mistakes concerned with grammer or expressions!!
There are many differece between English glamor and Japanese glamor.
English glamor is ``S (subject) + V (verb) + O (object)``
But Japanese glamor is ``S + O + V``.
So, soetimes I can't understand and I can't speak.
It's not that I'm begging for your compay, at least (not?) at this moment!!
I can't carry out a converstations right away.
She quit hugh school and used to leave home.
We don't usually eat our meals at the table, rather we eat sitting on the flore.
You can feell your bellies getting full early when you eat sitting on flore
but there is a few problems sometimes. For exampale, people who aren't used to sittin on the flore can feel numb so they can hardly walk when they stand up if they sit for too long.
atarashhii tango.
But I reserved early, so I couled buy the return tickets at about half price.
I'm so happy that it will be spring break from tommorrow and am looking forward to be in the next grade after the break.
So, I personally believe that we should pay more attention to our behavior; and cherish our food in the carteen.
I finished the English Academy course/ classes last Friday, so I am an unemployee person now.
This is the last interview to enter the companey.
I don't have cofidence but I don't want to charge.
To do some meanful things on tree planting day, we should hold some activities like getting students to plant trees.
It is meanful for us to be close to nature and do some manual labor.
So, we mostly spent time stying inside like in a theater, a restaurant, a pub, a bar.
I read an article descibing that the main factor could not be the CO2, but it could be due to the amount of activity of the Sun.
Today's morning I found this survice by chance.
I am now working as a medical staff and doing experimnts.
Recently I had a chance to talk with exchnge students.
I want to communcate with native Americans but it was very difficult.
In the restrant or supermarket, I cannot understand what they said perfectly.
My hobbies are snowbording, golf, snorkeling and traveling.
Please samebody help me and I will help you with chinese.
friend with benifits??
what does ``friend with benitits`` mean?
I serched about it, and found out it's being ``closer than friend, but not in relationship``
if a guy and a girl like each other, it makes no sense to stay as a ``friend with benifits,`` right?
I saw the major leage baseball.
I felt scared and rememberd the Fukushima earthquake.
I went to Canada to stady the English lunguage.
I wish speak Engilsh very well to communicate with peopel around the world.
I live in Vancouver it's an intersting city.
My dear friends and teaqchers on Lang-8!
I delated my tutor's check mark. I did the opposite action. many people were surprised at me so I'm very ahamed.
Luminarie was desighned to give residents hope and light to
But whan I played the saxophone it was bery fun!!
So I love the sacophone today.
I went to the gim to exercise my muscles.
Shu uemura Mac is famos brands.
Also, it practiced my listening, because all of the speechers have good speech.
Actually, I really want to stand where these speechers stood.
I am looking forward to meeting the other lab members and feeling the atomosphere of another country.
It has 8 witing tests that takes 17 hours and 7 marking tests that takes 5 hours and 30minutes.
2 hours witing test in civil law, 2 hours writing test in civil procedure law, and 2 hours writing test in commercial law.
I'm waiting to receive the I-Phone4 I alredy reserved
to fiding new informatoin about the delivery
Today was complete holyday for me.
And a very unfotunately happend.
Kansi recitation
Kansi literally means poem written grammatically in ancient Chinese and recited in Japanese.
Sigin is also very healthy for people because they need tough vocal cords.
These days the weather is getting hot with a lot of strong sunshine, but today's rain made the temperture go down so I felt a little chilly outside.
Until a few months ago, I was very happy to get the free time, but since last month I've felt so bored with my life even if I spend several hours in my institude for studying English every day,
The nation's low labor costs which is only $ 2 a day but $ 3. 5 ~ $ 4. 5 in Tailand and $ 4 ~ $ 8 in China attract foreign companies.
Now the Indian government agressively lures foreign companies after being the biggest outsourcing recipient because of its low labour costs.
I want to practice my English so I'm writting this (journal) entry:)
If she did revive, I would have been happy even she wouled have become a violent cat like in ``Pet cemetery`` written by Stephen King.
I need to speak English on bussiness.
I have endurance tests once a year, and they are significant for me to evalue my phisical conditon.
In the process, many students were afraid of running 1000 metres because we had been iactive in daily life.
I was arranged in a team, which has 22 mermbers in totall, and we would start together.
Even for a substandard athelet, the time was too much (slow).
This was (still) remarkable, considering that I had had so much lazeness in my life.
She aloways helped me.
I've fallen in love with a chair called Rocky (in fact this is a rocking chair with a modern desing) but unfortunately it costs about 3000 PLN (1 PLN is approximately 03 USD), almost three times my salary
Our favourite resturant.
I found this site today, and I want to comunicate with somebody.
Today, when I looked over the web with my friend, I found this website, I find that it is really useful for us to improve our launavage lskills, I'm very happy that I can express myself here.
Three shots of adrenaline, one shot of panic, five shots of cowardness.
But we cannot descide which country to go to.
And on that day, we were overwhelemed with her excellent dishes right away.
She made a lot of ``yamu-cha``, that is Tiwnese cuisine, and not only that
Pitartes of the Caribbean 4
I'll go to theather to watch Pitartes of the Caribbean 4.
Hello, everbody!
Of course, you should avoid religious or poritical topics.
Each lesson takes just 25min, which fits the period of time on which I can connsentrate.
Nontheless, I still think that I have to build my vocablarly and learn to
Learning from Pillipinos has made me take interesited in their country and culture.
They are generous, pantient, and cheerful all the time.
Interview for stadying abroad
Today, I had an interview for stadying abroad.
Maybe, I cannot stady abroad.
it was verry delicious.
Today I have an assigment and more work.> <;
Happy New Year, evryone.
I'm wodering if I should buy a new one.
In addition, Janiffer Aniston became my favourite actress since then.
3 months ago, we just had a big disaster in the Tohoku region with a tunami wave.
Hellow everyone!!
Most of Taiwanese, they depreciate both atheletes and sports.
Always, I have admired neighbor countries, such as Japan and Korea, who surely put high emphsis on their sports.
I wish that one day I could see Taiwanese people and the goverment pay more attention to sports, and treat atheleted well, giving them more benefits and wellfare.
If you know these artist please give me a coment.
Until now, I don't know how to use this site so plese teach me.
My boyfriend is a more (older?) than me by 12 years, he always thakn care of me and love me.
Recently, he had a fight me, because I did somhing that made him lose his fase. (face?)
I justpretend to kown nothing.
It is very humidiy and hot, so we are uncomfortable.
I can bring some spring rools and clues.
I became frind with him first, and he said he would teach me gospel piano for free! (good deal again.) So I was taking his lesson once a month.
He was teaching a half year seminor (or class) of gospel piano and he invited me there. (It was not for free! haha)
After I finished that seminor, he asked me and one more student to play at his choir's gospel concert.
Because it was our first time playing at the concert so my friend and I were soooo nurvous about it.
The concert was very good and it became a pleasent memory for us.
A world famous athlete who was a champin in the 2008 olmpics took his mistress home, and was interrogated by his wife.
I felt lonley becasue we had good relations.
I have studied English for my career and to see meny internet sites all over the world.
However, when she meets my baby, she never fogets [it].
I sometimes have mteetings with our overseas local staff in English.
Maybe there are some different wayas of thinking between us.
I'm look forward to your relpy.
He is a historial person from the end of Edo age.
I will go to Hokkaido on a school excuresion.
When I was junior high school, I went to Okinawa on a school excuresion.
If I go to Hokkaido, I want to eat some deliciouse food.
Vaction Plan
Fortunately, the reason of the death was not an assasination conspiracy, but a heart attack
But the problem appeard after he died.
So people who are in the progressive camp think that the politicain from North Korea does not deserve to be buried in the National Cemetery.
And the people who are in the progressive camp insist that the conservative campe are using the death of the North politicain as a their political position, giving them the advantage.
One woman poloticain, who is in the progressive camp, announced her opinion that she and the party she belongs to will (?) not mention their political opinion over the hereditary regime system in North Korea.
Some other people who are in the conservative camp also harled criticism and said mocking things to her.
Then, a jentleman from a foreign country escorted me.
Yesterday I watched a Vollerball game between Japan and Korea.
However, she taught a new member good tecnic and atitude.
For any native speaker of English learning Jpanese
I am Takuya and I am Jpanese.
If you are studying Japanese, I will help you in retern.
I always wanted to become an animator or illustrator, but now I'm studying junralism.
First, the acters performed the process of dying with horrow.
Second, the special effects were added to the prelimiary video.
Illustrators put a worm's mouth on a hapless guy's head and then let more worms swarm on his bory...
I finally discovered what merody it was, I have heard it occasionally since childfood. as I was looking for another song on YouTube.
I have a speech next Thirthday.
It's some knouledge of cheeses.
Secound, an example of a faimous cheese.
Maybey you've heard of Camembert before.
It's soft and covered with Penicilium, which gives it a white apparence.
Camembert de Normandie is around 10. 5 ~ 11cm in diametary, normary 3cm in height, and at least 250g in weight.
In october 1790, Marie Hareil, a habitant of Camembert village defended a preist from those who belonged to rupubli. <--republic?
Especilly because it is useful when I talk with French people
Because there are many kinds of cheese in Frace and the French love them.
Thanks for lisning.
Snow Leopard, Apple's newest operationg system, was launched today, August 28th.
I like the Europian climate.
I live in a small Ukranian sity, that is why I cannot find suitable courses in my town.
:) Espesially with strawberry jam inside.
It is a radio station which is litellary the American Forces in Japan brordcast.
They are American Contry songs, sixty's or seventy's rock, and so on.
I droved too much lately and I'm feeling tired.
The lifes are different from their choises.
And when we come back from kala,
we went to the school's labrary and watched 2 movies.
Ato said, ``The one who is going for the fisrt time should be at the head of team, because it is easy climbing for the rest of us.``
Then we went down to the starting point and splitted up at 11 P.
I'm watching the TV news now. It saids over 1300 people died or are missing.
Many companies adopt this test as one of the conditons for promotions or oppotunities for empoyees to brush up their English skills.
The digotal stick for old people, iPhone
The voice recorder releases older people from imput their sentenses from a small keyboard.
If we prepair the crowd imput system for old people,
I think that old people need SNS more than us,
but it's very difficult to use SNS for older people.
With iPhone we can put vurious collors on old people's lives.
Hallo, my name is Joanna.
I will be greatfull for all corrections.
Of course, I like scienece and I really like English, too!
Because one of my friends recomended Lang-8,
I feel comfotable being with him.
My promotion would delay marrige and the birth of my first child.
Today, I watched the movie ``Knowing`` sarring Nicolas Cage.
I don't know whether I am intoxicated or not. Unlike Mark Zuckerberg, I'm not a genious.
``Tomo-chan, eldows off the table.``
I am reary happy with Lang-8.
weedend and spider
I want to be an interpretor or a translater in the future.
My firends introduced me to this place, and I hope I can be friends with you.
I am writing to you because I want you to deal with a proble.
The hearting system in my house stopped working two weeks ago.
Now, I am spending an unconfortable life here.
I urgently want you to fix the hearting system.
I wnat new jeans and etc.
In Juny I will be starting a master's degree in accounting and I would like to find a job in that but I feel nervous about the interview, becouse my speaking is not very good.
life would be harder becouse chieldcares in Australia is very expensive.
I first started studying English in junior-high as is usual in the japanese educational systms, but at first I was not interesterd in English and not very good at English and I just started English as a part of studying for tests.
03. NOVENBER. 2009 DIARY
Recentry, I do not see the goal/ reason for studying english.
Why do I study English and yet my command of English is nt improving?
After I get used to it, I want to use a Chinese conversation servise using Skype.
Firstly, it helps to organise and express thoughts in an appropriative way for clear understanding.
You may want to disagree with this but it is said that caffein makes you dehydorated and your blood flow less smoothly.
So one time I really got hung up and I came back home I told my mother that I won't leave a mess again and that I will always clean up, and then my mother said ``I was goint to tell you about leaving a mess, and scold you but you really realized it on your own, so I forgive you... later don't do that.``
I na say hi to all:)
then it tured out that I really hate it.
I know since it is a yearly actitvity!!
All of his friends envy him, of cource.
So far I have been able to pass fairly difficult exams and achieve good results in various soccer competetions.
Neverthless I know that if I don't put in a great deal of effort, I will not be able to reach such a bright future.
Today a friend of mine recomended this website to me,
She feels nerveous about the test.
I hope that I can find more friends with commen hobbies.
It was a wine from Barcerola because I remembered one of my friends from Catalonia reccomended it to me one day.
If you read this, I'm sorry my diary is not an intersting one, but I would like to reccomend you the bottle of wine which I mentioned above.
I start studing English and finance!
Osaka is famous for Yakkuza, Takoyaki and Okonomiyaki.
So our campus is so beatiful and the facitities is complete.
I think everything is perfit for us in China nowadays.
We just drink beer and play computer games everyday even if we haev classes or not.
Yesterday, I started studing for IELTS.
I want freinds, whose mother tongue is English.
I preferred chili to any hamburges in Wendy's, so I orderd it as my final order.
I don't like to write with a fude, because I've never larned Shodo.
I had larned Shodo after I grew up, but still bad..
I always wanna learn foreign languages and I can learn many langaunge here.
It is difficult for me to retain German words and grammer.
Other countries have other problems, which are purse snatching, murdet and terrorism.
When he calls, he says hurringly that he needs some money because of a car accident.
This Faraud is dirty, because it takes advantage of someone's kindness and family love.
It has pictures of sandwitch.
But, the sandwitch are not the kind we expect.
There are many unique sandwitches which were designed using ham and cheese to make a shape of something.
well, It's my first time that talking with a foreigner by telephon.
of course, It could be boring to her because she had to treat innumberable people like me.
Chinese, South East Asians and Koreans were killed by Japanes soldiers.
The results of my TOFEL were released on Wed.
Luckly, the landlady was a very rich and honest person.
Sometimes I dream that I could sow a sun in my heart, then, I would never suffer from the pessimistics, such as fear, sadness, and anger--
Students in the class congratulte him on this great news.
This is my ID, this is my passport! ``and he said,`` Your passport doesn't show your eyes and hair color. ``I was so suprised!!
I really could not belive that she used to have a crush on my friend.
Untill now, I still couldn't figure out the reason.
Tommorow, I have an international party at the UBC.
I don't have a clue about anthing.
All I can do is imagine my idial future.
I'll do whatever I can to get my idial future.
I'm currently studying Internatinal Studies at college located in Shizuoka prefecture in Japan.
Crealy, my motivtion toward my major is just decreasing day by day.
Paticulary, from January onwards, most Japanese college students will be job hunting like crazy.
Regarding this topic, opinions are probably sabdivided.
First, as I mentioned above, job hunting at this time is too early for students to deal with, so this silly sequence (?) must be inefficint for sure.
When I was in colllege, my psychology teacher told me everyone would be prone to get mild depression under loneless and pressure, which is a psychological sickness that is always ignored due to its (mild?) level.
However recently I found one of my friends also got depression with insomnia, loneless, and fear..
I coverd the story of a baseball tournament which was between teams of children from all the protectories in Japan.
(A Protctory is a training school for boys and girls who have troubles
Playing baseball is teaching thm how to develop confidece, try things with frends, make an effort and suceed.
One boy wrote a diary entry about how he hopes his mother in heven watches him play.
One boy who hitted his mother wrote a letter that he would play well, as his mother's birthday gift.
Thank you for visitting my page.
Especially the ``cabbeage croquette``.
I have heard of an airticle about some foreigners living in Japan who always put perfume on them self when they lived in thier country.
I sometimes noiticed that someone smell's, but I can't do anything so It doesn't matter!
I came acroos a foreigner who smelled bad to me because he put on too much.
I recovered from the flu after taking medicince. <<<<
Tomorrow, I must take a speekeing test!!
While listening to music, we can eat American foods such as hamberger, spaghetti, steaks and so on.
I would like to listen to music everywhere, everywhen!
That's why Hard rock restatarant is special for me!!
This jounal is published from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT).
I completely agree with her opitions.
I learnd about the history in preparation of the tour.
I sang many English songs, like Britneny, Avril, Taylor Swift, and so on.
He seems to think the teacher is asking us about the seasonnings.
Another person answered that ``It is essential to clean up the knife before and after cooking, not smoking before cooking, to not put make up on your face and to not wear any parfum.`` (Interesting!)
Tmorrow, I will test another machine.
I hope that the test will suggest a good perfomance.
I also hope to go carifolnia in the USA someday.
Nintendo shipped 400000 game consoles and almost all distributers sold out withintwo days.
Of coure, I live a happy life and am satisfied by it.
According my knowlege, a travel is longer than a trip and needs more than one month.
I thought they are famus thai foods.
This is the first time I write in English because I was studying Spanish in Latin American countries, so that I worte here in Spanish before.
But now, I have been studying English since March and I need to wirte in this language to improve my writing skills.
I suffered much stress when I was studying Spanish and I already know that to learn languages is so difficult for me (Japanese and Englis are totally different also Spanish), but after learning Spanish I finally noticed the importance of the language, it is worldwide!!
if I am able to speak these lauguages I am sure that I can travel around the world, I think.
Tomorrow, I'm going to gratuate from school.
After tommorow, it'll be a long time that can't see my friends.
I felt it was vey difficult for me.
There are old people, young people, men and wemen....
The worse thing is that in my local library there aren't a lot of books so I can choose between hard ones and romances (Maybe I will look for some books more cloesly.)
I went to Tokyo for a business trip. I went to Appi in Iwate for snowboading.
Of course I have benn working weekdays.
I have two daugter and a husband.
The residents of California are afraid of the news that the big one will occure soon.
I might be speachless.
And basically, it's difficult to answer with accurate grammer.
And it takes time to answer, unfortunatelly.
Well, I will do my best! I'm not sure hou well I can do, though.
Maebe people live in their native countries a long time.
Franch is very difficult
I learn Franch with my friends.
My friends has Franch books but I don't have one.
My friends said ``You must buy a Franch book!``
So I bought a Franch book.
Please recommend a nice Fanch book to me.
Mariners starting picher Doug Fister.
I like his piching style.
Expecially, I am good at cooking sweets.
I enjoy these programms a lot.
I was bit afraid to watch that without writen help.
There is comedy and rommance in this show.
Some guy, who is old, I still couldn't figure out his job, he brogut the dude over to his house.
I watch TV for many hours and pray for safety/ the safty of the victims.
Last evening, I helped an imployee in the office do a job for a long time.
I helped her seperlate a document.
I have had a problem with my intenet for a long time
On sonday this weekend, my French reiend, and me we will play badminton.
becauae, there is no wind all the time.
I ate lunch but, nevertheress, I'm hungry.
My first dialy!
There are many interesting shops, good restrants, and the view at night is beautiful.)
Well, I'll write next dialy soon:)
What was special about thic place?
Give reasons and details to support your anwer.
Kochang, my hometonw, is known for beatiful mountains, eel and itshot springs.
I'd lived in a dormitory before; it was so noisy so doing things like reading books or listeng to music was very difficult.
It is safe to leave my stuff on my desk in an apartment, and I can enjoy my persnal life without bothering anyone.
but I noticed that I don't have enough vocabulary in my spoken engish
Which characture do u like the best?
I have a lot of things to momorize in the history.
They may have to spend so much time momorizing the events and years that they could easily get tired of them.
I still need a lot of time to momorize lots of events and years.
It seemed to be simpple and easy to use.
You scceeded at what???
Learnig Chinese
Because I'm Japanese and we use same or similar charactor
The first part was ``An itroduction of this novel`` the narator said.
Surprisingly, as soon as the baby was born, he said, ``Granpa``.
But it is different from Yukara and kimono.
I went to a chainese restrant with a friend who is chainese.
He is in Japan as a foreign student and so he is a yong man.
An intresting day
It was diffecalt to commute them.
The strongest wrestler, Asashorhu, Yokoduna, beat his friend up when he was drunk.
It is said that the Yokoduna should be polite and has to be a good model.
This violence by the Yokoduna is a first case in the Sumo's hundreds of years of history.
Last year I took a tew-year leave from my work and went back to grad school.
They can probably explain English grammer to us in English and Japanese.
There were a lot of forign stuedents there.
You should be improtant now. (?)
I think, I can speak better english if I dedicate more time to practic.
the meeting room has been in a dealdy silence since this morning.
I was too busy to write dialy.
I will work at my univercity from February to March.
Someone said that the first two hours of the mornig are golden hours, and if we want to do inteligent work, we ought to do it during those hours.
Today I uproaded a picture for my Lang-8 profile page.
I found this sentense in my English book and thought it didn't make any sense:
I will live here untill next month.
The plants seems to be called Kalanechoe or Clonechoe.
The vender of the phone said it would be sold midle-December.
We went to Kimita onsen after work with my hasbund.
That was confortable.
Second, I soak in tha bath lightly.
It will be releaced as a film in 2010.
I'm a docor in Japan.
I'm interested in Engilsh, space and especially being an astronaut.
Although, Chile is very far away from Japan, about half a circle of the erth,
50 years ago ther was an enormous earthquake near Chile, too.
They brougt me to Mitsuwa in New Jersey.
Cicades are crying as hard as they can during the summer and at the end of the hottest time in a year, they will die out.
Hollidays! Oh, eee!
Fortunately, I believe in it basicallly.
I bought a jacket, a skirt, two t-shirts, a one-piece and a bagpack!
If you have a oppotunity, please read it!
I went to the enternet cafe to sent a message to my language study friend. I could not sent it so I also read a website called widipedia.
After I went to the internet cafe, she called me and said that she retrun to Bangkok alrealdy. She said that she was going to the JJ market and asked me to go there too. However I plan to wasching my hair at the hair salon and read a book at the bookstore instead.
TOEIC is a popular test for all people studing English, I think.
So I may have to reconsider my plan to sutudy English...
I need to go to the citizens 'advice bureau because I need to get the adress on my passport changed.
So I've alwalys wanted to learn how to dance.
tommorrow, I'll write my diary in French..!
For it is more important for me to learnhoe how to learn and become well rounded.
For example, it is very important to learn how to deal with interpersonal realationship.
When the one week cancelation was over, I went back to the regulary life in college.
I cought four shoplifters in two months.
I saw through their eyes, they looked sad and apathetic, so I desided to ask, why
It is a popular alcohlic drink.
The box was from Fraisier in the neighor city.
It makes blood pressuer going down.
How beautyfull to have your love.
We didnn't met since Thrusday!
We don't have our own flat and we don't have enouth money to buy it.
Recentry I didin't sleep, so I took the medicine.
According to the papers, some psychiatric drugs cause a bad dream when people stop taking it. (sme cause when they're using it)
Google Analytics is the web service for analyzing visiter of Homepages or blogs.
This is the visiter's char of my blog in Japan.
I can't understand why the number of visiter from Tokyo is larger than that of other cities.
I heve many essay assignments.
The more I keep doing soocer, the better my body condition becomes.
There is a chance that I can enter for free and study Franch and English.
But now I think it `s good that I` ll study Franch.
One American food that I remember from when I visited Cicago is the Stuffed Pizza!
You could be patant for 3 or 4 years, until beeing successful with your business or not.
Now I very regreted that I didn't do it.
Thank you all for visiting today's jounal entry.
Now I belong to the department of Dentistry and I'll have to take national exzam...
I konw but the first impression tend to have a significant impact.
I had coffee, toast and a salad with balsamic vineger.
My best friend is a tatto artist.
Plese someone give me a bento.
Unbilieavable!
However, the strange thing is that I've gradually become so stroing drinking alcohol.
It is my first time to live in a foreign countriy so everything is new to me:)
It's a very serious problem because I can't even catch the content of the assightment.
Yesterday, I missed submitting my assightment because of my poor listening skills.
Sometimes they are foam balls or styrofoam. And when there isn't enogh money simply crinkled newspaper sheets.
This book is published by KBS (Korea Broadcast Suvice?
It is broadcsting on the radio every morning at 6 A.
And today is the 4002nd episod.
A majority of Japanese people think that if the Fukushim disaster hadn't happened, Japan could recover much faster.
On top of that, local governments relatively far from Fukushim prefecture recently bowed to public pressure and finally started more detailed investigations on radiation levels.
I found a vedio on youtube that tought you how to solve a rubik's cube. That reminded me that my father bought me a rubik's cube when I was a kid, but I don't know how to solve it.
That vedio motivated me to try and play with it again. I looked for my rubik's cube all around my room, but I couldn't find it so I decided to buy a new one.
You may mix them together with discretionarily.
Eventuall, dip them in your sauce ~!!
I went to bed hoping that the typoon was very storon and that it would bring a lot of rain in the area.
Of coars, he was dead.
I bought a new sellphone.
I bought a new sellphone today.
For example, he cites video videogame as a major reason why children nowadays are suffering from obesity.
To my dispont s, there was no net and no TV.
so I coulden't go outside all the day.
I want to leave here immdentily.
I miss my comeputer, my dog, books, CD, etc...
I went to have my driver's lisence renewed this morning.
This fair starts on the 16th and it ends on the 25th I think, so I think I will go at the beggining.
In Japan, the wheather is very bad and muggy these days...
You can eat a lot of oyser in 90 minites.
Now I don't play, but enjoy litening to the modern jazz music.
The institution issued a report in which they compared 22 country's economic potentian and their efforts in supporting OR to support other counties.
How do we support them so that they may survive and implove themselves?
Some reseachers and socialists say that only giving money would not be the right way to help.
But if you ate it once you would chang your mind.
And I think whether the food is strange or not is not so immportant.
Today I'll explane why I'm studing English.
When I was at work, the sound of an explosion surprized me.
I would especially like to go to Waseda, which is one of the most important plases for me.
I also remebered the day when I finished the speeh, my hand still shook a little, haha, but now I got it.
My English is not good, so I want to get to konw Englisg-Speaking people.
Thank you for readeing.
They enjoy searching for thir mates.
A while ago I planned to take the Japanese Leve proficiency test in December, but after I got the forms I had to fill out, I chickened out with excuses like ``I'll never be able to learn the Kanji I need in six months``, or ``school is going to get in the way`` and things like that. [1]
I'm sure somewhen I'll take the test, but at the moment I barely have the time to study Japanese regularly.
It's quite difficult between work and school, especiall since exam time is starting again. (They are not exactly exams, more like very important tests, but I don't know the English word for it). [2]
Some kimonos are really expencive but most of them are very beautiful.
Unstayble weather
That is why UNIQLO loved by many youngers people.
Today, I read a research paper, saying UNIQLO is most popular brand among the younger generation espesially those who love the simple life.
Plese check my poor English.
So now I'm thinking about tommorrow's conversation topics.
However, I don't think that dealth is the best way to punish those who commit a high crime.
Tere are too many reasonsto make me agree or disagree with the death penalty.
becaouse the end of the story is always sad.
I'll working Japanese company as a operater.
I am planning to take a trip to Thailland next February.
And next I will try to find very very cheap fligt.
I'm forwarding to visiting Thaillan.
It is very warm and the cherries are very beautiufl.
So, please cheak my daiary.
oohu....
I'm a Japanese high scool student.
One of my dreams has come true, and of course I continue to persue my other dream!!!
I studay hard recently to get driver's license.
it is extreamly boring.
and I have to go to bed cuz tomorrow's lesson will start early in the moning.
I bought 4 packs of Sushi and dilicios beer.
The purpose is not only sightseeing, but also opening up a bank accout.
Fortunetelly I 'was in time for work but paid a lot of money to repair the tyre.
Houever, I cannot study because
I don't know why I like the kids very much. Maybe it's because they has a pure heart? But in my life, I don't have chilkren friends.
Now I'm traslating ``Just a feeling`` by maroon5.
My neighborhood is like a gohst.
Mallard passed away because ger husband returned home.
If we analyze the situation, we will find that she feels happy due to the death of her huband not because she dislikes him, but because she is opressed by being married/ by marriage in generall.
On getting married, an American woman in the 19th century would lose her freedom, her sense of independence and most importantly, her idenity.
Therefore, a wife would be happy after the death of her husband sinct it meant the death/ end of the opression of being married/ of marriage.
This is to say a scar of golry.
My kindle is Wi-Fi-only, so connection was essencial to get books online.
Does it require addictional cost?
However, taking a course for four hours (two cources a day and three days a week) drives me crazy...
This is so confortable clothing for summer season.
This is Wafuku, but so cheape one and most of all Japanese girls have it.
I like a very warm place and I tried to adjust the tempriture of the apartment but that didn't work.
I am SO GLAD that I came home. I don't want to go out for a long time untill the weather gets warm.
When I got off the train at the station, I fell into the gap beteen
My name in Japanese means Cherry Brossom.
At the moment I can't use Spanish at all, and I don't know even know the Spanish alfabet.
I ate a big dinner on Wednesday to recover my h (a) hemoglobin.
If you can't get a satisfactory score, it means you can't go to the topest
I can write about my mood or interesting things in a freign language everyday.
In classrooms, professors sometimes say blees you while giving lectures.
DoyoBoshi (read recent jornal) isn't done yet because Japan expecially our county have been cloudy or rainy day for those days.
The shop was on a nerrow road off the main street.
People who are really rich are rich beacuse they are rich in spirit, not only rich in money.
I uesd to study hard as well as I played hard, and I'd like to pamper myself occasionally.
Don't be so tense, get winded! A nice mood can help you to work more efficiently when you returen to your work.
Then my partner in the game made a frim face ^ ^
There were few friends who lived with thier grandparents.
The main businesses of Ufa-are oil refinering and manufacturing.
Oil is refined to gasolin, kerosine, diesel fuel and so on.
Manufacturing is of aviation engines and miscelaneous parts and fittings for airplanes.
I worked in an insurance company. I am a system administrator in the Ufa office of a russia insurance company.
But I am sometimes nurveous, I cannot speak English well!
Today, one of my host father's frienwds took me to see many interesting places inhis car.
There were no words to express my glatitude.
First was vocabrary, Next was grammer.
It `s my laziless, and it` s really difficult for me to write something here, even little posts take a lot of time.
Please give me your addvice
I was very supprised to hear that.
I am now producting a Rice T-shirt.
It's rainig.
Weather report says ``there wii be snow.``
Because my mather bought that for me for the first time
to discribe that we are very tired; how to say it in English?) I must go to work.
I want to becomo better in English, even if just a little.
I am going to give a presentation on this Thursday about my reseach project.
Recentury, my favorite team is not good.
I am biqi and I want to study bouth english and arabic.
I sudied english in college. (a very little bie)
(Thank you, Jason!) Let me practice using the idiom ``open onself up`` here.
He loked at the beautiful wirror room in the middle of this lay a dead dog.
It is the cheepest one and cost about 100 dollars.* cost = past tense
But now I realize that GPS systems are very useful and even the cheepest one is very relieable.
But very delicious Sushi are very expencive.
In my hometown there is Kinkakuji temple which is a building that is coverd in gold.
Then we went to a recently opened shop callde Bapple.
Every time I eat sweetfood like mousse pudding or cookies, my friend would tease me: ``if you keep eating these things, eventually no man will marry you!``
As a matter of fact, I could hardly liseten to what they were saying, because they spoke so fast.
He articulated connsonant very clearly.
I called the ETS lost and foung office and left a message according to the directions.
So far, I haven't gotten a call from them, but hoperfuly they will informe me.
At 5pm, we met at the classroom and walke to the pub.
Some of them, such as the Swiss guy who organized the party for us, the Chinise girl and the South Korean girl girwould leave Edmonton soon, so we took so many pictures.
The South Korean guy turned 25, so we definately cerebrated him.
baseball, tag, or hide-and-seak with their friends.
please check the following sentence. (grammer and logical)
They also have many competiters.
Unfortunatery, I couldn't join BNO (boys night out) tonight because of my job.
I can't stop reading, so, recentry I am staying up late.
At the beggining of Aug, I went to Europe and Dubai by myself for 2 weeks to see my friends.
The torndao will pass.
It's a really nice place but there's someting a bit of trouble.
When I was a unvirsity student, I heard a terrible story.
The fater felt like he was going crazy and was terrified of the boy.
``It is a good daily practice for me so that I study Englsih hard at the moment`` Watch your spelling!
``The nespaper I read is called' The Japan Times. '``
I want to sing English songs with perfect pronuniation.
It drives me nuts somethimes.
Oh, I didn't know that I worte so much. This is another problem; once I start writing about my true feelings, I can't stop..
I had a lot of time, but I didn't do anythig.
Today, I took a diagnostic TOEFL test in order to begin the process of preparing for this exam. My score was only 496 points (on a escale of 310 to 677) This reminded me of how difficult the English Certifications Exams are.
Even the pleasure boats on the Tosabori river were coverd with jolly lights.
I happened to see the lighting ceremony, and I saw a governer of Osaka.
There are many gift shops selling things which are cute, fascinating and nicelly decorated.
Their smile really makes me happy and releive me in turn.
I start to plan at least one month before the day of the enevt.
Every time I make gifts, I always enjoy the enent itself through such a process.
But after our stupid president made the decision, our government said that speaking English is the key to becoming a global contry and they are going to enforce English education on the people.
This will help our kids to understand other people and other contry.
Obama's trasportation plan
If possible, you should use (the) ice sold at the liquir shops.
There was a sudden braking with vbration and rattling noises.
Finally I've finished miy exams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't have a job, so I can enjoy my spare time, which I spend doing funnny things..
In fact, I have been there like ten times before, specifically to my granpa's flat two blocks from the beach. I feel it's my place in the world.
dinner was delicios.
the next day at the wedding I went sighseeing.
I went shopping and had delicios food like takoyaki.
Have you ever been deppresed?
``Have you ever been deppresed?``, I was asked this question today by one of my associates.
I counld not understand what he said.
I mean, when I use English, I can't tell my feelingness completely because I have poor vocabulary.
My parents were wor and I decided to study Korean and a little of English, too.
Studying korean is very funny, but I don't know about grammar. I'm learning the korean alfabet, named hangul, It's very interesing.
Now, I will have dinner. Good nighr everyone!
The Great Gataby
In the spinning room, you ride the bike fixed to the ground, and under the guidence of the coach, you can ride to the rhythm of the passionate music.
First, I thouggt it didn't matter to sit any place, but actually I was wrong.
I work a parttime job hard three times a week and I'm gaved enough
Eky Cathedral
There are two types: one is the iPhone, the other is Andoroid.
Maybe you would think of the Olympic games, the New York yangkees, the Chicago Bulls, etc.
They didn't turn on the heat yet, becouse the weather isn't cold enough to do that.
Finally, thank you Brendan because you encourge me.
After that, I hope I can futher my studies and become a linguistician.
You cannot drive from 10 p. m. to 6 a. m. the day after, on wenesday, Saturday, Sunday and the day before and the ten legislative holidays.
Of course, it is not meaning that is to go forwad without any care.
K-BOX has a free car service, we took the car when we went there and return bakck to school.
Then, people who shake the two dices, the numer added in total if it's 7, then you can add a certain amount of beer to the glass if the glass is not full yet.
So everyone cecebrated my birthday and gave me presents.
Last year the government setteled a new traffic rule to wear a helmet when you drive a motorbike.
But I'm scared even on a taxi, because the driver accerarates for a red light.
the life is very hard and sumple I think....
I MUST ACHEIVE MY DREAM.
All of them use English or Chinese or half and half. I am not sure, so I want to hear your suggetions.
Second, I have sent all the agents '(have the VIP states (?)) full names to you, plese check them.
After that, could you get back to me ASAPA?
Your website saysat least two letters of recommedation are required, and they should be written by the applicant's teacher or employer.
After graduation, I have been working as the cheif of a non-profit-organization (NPO) for more than 2 years.
Would it be acceptable to ask a business partner or CEO working at another comapanies to write a recommendation letter?
And I want to drink bowls of gruel and eat steamed burn, which are not easily foung at night.
Geogre Lucas is a filmmaker.
I think it's very difficult for me to keep a diray in English.
Having acess to TV more encourages people and especially children to watch TV more.
So there is lessw time for hobbies or family.
It is bad for children's eyesught when they watch TV too much.
It's hard for me becaous I was flunked as a student.
To become a skilfull computer user.
I've heard that Japanese tend to follow the mojority and reject others.
They always accusue me of being too stubborn and tell me that that's why don't I accept other idea.
In spite of his class, a Japanese professor (actually he was a vice-president) came in and started summerizing his story, even though he still had 10 minutes left for finishing his lectture.
I saw the professor get upset about that, so I raised my hand and said to him ``the professor seems to want to finish his lectture first, so could you talk later??`` and I stopped.
Afterward, some of my friends came over to my place and started critcizing me abot it.
They asked me why I did that to a vice-president, that was it too inpolite and so on.
I thought it didn't matter whiether he was a vice-president or not, he shouldn't have interrupted our class.
However, I also think it might be not about Japanese culture, just anout me.
Watching the movies ``Terminator,`` with actor Christian Bale, reminds me of a creppy movie called ``Machinist`` and my experience above.
Tommorow is Thursday!!
And I bought some books on philosphy, problem solving, English study, etc.
A Japanese friend has told me somthing about this website and
I wonder how can I servive without her...
When people who live in Tokyo go somewahere, to
It's really different from those stereotypical interviews which take place in formal meeting rooms where you become nervrous and uncomfortable.
I usualy try to take a nap, study English.
``How many times a day shoud I call you?
Today, I found a very insterested website, Lang-8, from my colleague, Michael.
Too (so) dificult...
This whole school has a very sifferent atmosphire.
I mean, these are just my personal experiances.
I am poing to study English now.
I thnk I can write simple English, but not coplexed or sophisticated English.
Hi evryone.
A few years ago, I studied English with some texit books instead
Of course, I still use texit books to study English as well as the
question sentenses
1) Do you offen play basketball?
I couldn't remenber words and vocablary.
Dallas Marveliks vs Miami Heat.
fortunatelly, I am working for a teaching design degree.
Monkey D Luffy is the main charactar in the story.
By the way if you are interestede in Japanese, I may be able to help you study Japanese.
Because, he can't understand why I can't understand Engish.
But I don't understand quantam physics.
Today is the 16th of April, but it's very cold, so I'm wearing a winter jaket.
I enioy playing the piano and breathing the fresh air after it's rained in the jungle.
A Nurse of Indnesia. If I could polish myself....
In Asahe News paper today, Some of them were returning to their country disheartened.
I don't like examnation even though I know we sometimes need it.
I think everybody is born with thier own ability, and potential/ posibility.
They really wanted to get nurse lisence and wanted to know good Japanese for it.
But we have a lot of work for our patiens.
essentially, when we intrduce people who came from another country, we helped them with getting situated living here.
They said it is too difficult doing both work and studying a second launguage.
So far, I have not thought so becasue
So, I brashed my teeth quickly and got ready.
I checked whether some imformation had come to my email box.
I went to a Krean restaurant today.
I love Krean food.
I am loking for a new cap but I wasn't able to find a cap that I wanted to get.
I looked on the internet and I finaly found one, so I ordered it right away.
The University Entrance Examnation grade will come out after 2 hours..
englishi is slowly driving me mad.
I can be happy since all of the peoople present at the wedding reception are (also) happy.
Please, tell your trategy to overcome sleep!
Second, I move to eliminate my sleepness.
And of cource, I enjoy reading it too.
For example, the death of parents, attack from deamon, or war, etc.
But being in the ocean was so beautiful and it seemd that the visibility was very good.
She said to me I am not interested in marridge.
I was thinking I have to curl my tongue to make the ``R`` sound untill I was taught by him.
Today, I went to a Juwish temple to attend a service with a few classmates.
A lady told me that this temple is very flexible and that if you want to experience a traditional Juwish service, you should go to some other temple.
That's why I will go to some other Juwish temple and then compare my experiences.
I think, that medecine is my vocation.
My 95-year-old-mother-in-law is in a nearsing care center.
My 67-year-old husband was invited to play the guiter and singing songs at another nersing care center as a volunteer.
In fact I felt blue for a few days, so I coudn't write my diary on Lang-8.
But I sould be a little bit more serious about my messages.
I'm looking forword to it:)
So, I began cooking for myself in the mornings. Sometimes I felt sleepy and wanted to give up, but I tell myself to resiste.
As a wizzard, I can research the expension and unlimited world of magic, adventure with friends, study knowlege, seek for treasure... and can be in the high class of society.
If it is Japanese you need 3000 hours to mastar it.
So it will be difficult for you to mastar Japanese.
Maybe they want to become some kind of cute or defferent from them.
Also it is dificult:)
I came to London yestarday to study abroad.
So I do my best to study English, and I made it a rule to keep a dialy in English.
This term I shall keep a dialy.
The scool's nearest station is a farm road.
Calgary is clener than my hometown.
I went to the cemetery with my wife on the 13th where our ancester's grave is, and offered flowers and incense sticks.
Tomorrow I have to go to university and barbar shop, study English, and prepare
thant will be 9. 33 pence, please.
Japanese government gave her some gifts as our gratitude because she donated a lot for Japanese people after the big earthquake happend.
These days, I try to listne to English.
I thik I will become a English speaker if I have a native friend.
I was curious abour sex and when I had enough of watching it, it didn't impress me anymore.
But they tought I was refusing to mix with them because I felt superior.
The best place I can think of is Algiery in Africa.
The work is suposed to be broadcast through NHK Tv program ``degi navi teens`` The work seems simple and childish for me, but her skill is wonderful.
It is said that singing English songs could help to improve our oral English: is that true? If so, could you share some of your favorate
I was very suprised at the amazing number of people.
Going abraod remind me of my forelign life in America.
I read a lot of aricles about Michael.
It looked like a moutain for me.
I've seen the posters whree a young boy is everywhere many times.
Though I was apathitic about golf,
It was a little humorous for others, but we didn't feel it was horerious.
Especially to native speakers or anyone who can speack English fluently, or interested in studying English.
So I am willing to take part in correcting Korean as far as I can. (or if you have something that you want to know about expression, culture, or whateve about Korea, let me know.
I shoud correct this, but I think it will be a little hard for me to correct the habit.
Today, I experienced a blackout because of the effect of a massive earthquake and the Fukushima daiichi nuclear plant accindent.
It is cool to see famous pepole unexpectedly.
This afternoon one of my bosses told me that they stopped sending volunteers to Miyagi Prefecture (the place that the big earthquake hit direcitly).
I was planning to make a big dicision and told many people around me that I was going to go there to help people in need.
By the way, how do you describe in English the feeling that you feel when compelled to do somthing for others?
He is Fantasista.
My Fantasy Land (Please correct my homework, pleaseee ^ ^)
It's bordered by Moonland to the north Moonland to the south, east, and west by an enormous ocean.
Another good place in Guiland is Fantas, there is a musuem there that simulates what the future would be like in the next 100 years. There are also many shopping centers to enjoy.
I have a question about The Wezard of Oz.
I am a pharemacy student who is not good at learning chemistry.
I was unaware that my majoy has a great relationship with chemistry. Anyway, I am more fond of physics ranther than chemistry.
I have had a headech since yesterday.
When I am sick, I feel lonlyness because I live alone.
My mother language is Chinere, I hope I can help someone here.
Our holidays were going gread!
Since I saw Nakanishi-san's blog which introduced this servise Lang-8, I finaly registered and started to use it.
He was transferred to an Ameriaca office for a period of one to two years.
But I'm not an infant, so I have to sutudy more and more!
I have an experiment in chemistry at the univercity on Thursday and Friday.
This is my big sourse of distress.
She was on that southern Asian Isaland as an exchange student.
I'm interested in natural sciences like astronomy, physis, and earth science.
Please make corrections and comments about my sentense!
As a result, he declared that he felt really sorry to his fans and he decided to retire from the enertainment business.
I met many foreigners there, and I had an interst in supporting developing countries..
And I want to establish a fair trade company that can help not only people from diveloping countries, but also Japanese people.
Fenders are my favorite kind of guiter.
Last night one of my good friends from Lang-8 helped me fix my computer. He installed Japanese and Chinease language support on my computer by using TeamViewer.
I am really happy that I can read my friends 'names on my paqe on Lang-8. How wonderful he is.
Wikipedia said/ says that she has Danish origins, we certainly don't see that in this picture (but how sure can we be when we know how much the makeup and the lighting affect the colors of the photo?).
I can make pudding with milke and eggs.
I became his asistant [space] (he called us [space] ``Angle``). [space] We helped him create his works.
He was jentle man.
I can't remeber exactly when it all began.
I think it probably was a good friend of mine who first told me about the posibility of going to Great Britain and studying there.
Here in my home town, they only offer a few courses, but the courses available in Great Briatin are ashtonishing:: Filologies, philosophy, the arts, psychology, etc
I have been interested in art as long as I can remeber but, being honest, I dont have enough talent to be an artist.
And, truly, I can't belive this is really happening to me.
The idea of moving to Great Britain and to study there, in the beguining, was only a crazy posibility and now it's almost coming true.
Unfortunately I haven't got weekends to slow down a little, sit down and relaxe.
When writing a daiary in English I am always wondering if my sentences are right or wrong.
'' Speed reading. '' If I master this techniqe I can read a book in just 10 min.
Rynn made some great steaks and prepared fruts and snacks..
only, even though it was not right and she wouldnotn't stop.
strong and uncontrol...
vedio camera.
I stady English little by little.
The optician gave me a pair of contac lenses.
Studying English is very interesiting.
I celebreted Girl's Day for my daughter yesterday.
I boungt a curtain for my room because the wind is so cold that
Lang-8 will be very usefull for what I want to do.
If I've done everything corect you will see a photo of my cats.
My cats lived on the street before I met them. they were realy dirty, sick and hungry.
Most of the time I have to watch the show with the closed captioning on, because somethimes I dont undestant what a particular character, Carl, says.
He (Carl) is the only recurrent human character in the show and he has a really unique and rought accent.
I dont think I will learn somenthing really useful watching this show but a least I lear some more street wise language than in text books.
I have to improve my English, espesially writingf, so I'll start from today.
In addition, before going to bed, he put a cup of milk and a few cokkies for Santa beside his bed.
Hurrary!!! ``He was in seventh heaven.
thank you for waching this page!
I coudn't bear it!
It will give you nominal reliaf.
I always hear people talking about stuff like some place in china had a lanslide or a sudden drought in the northern part.
It is the tast of fall in Japan.
There is a ferry terminal near the station and we can go to Geougetown by ferry.
I think I gave the wrong impression when I was chatting with you on the day before yesterday. Maybe it was first time I communicated with an foreigner. When I want to say something I need to search the related words in my mind however I can't express my idea properly. My voice and intonation may sound abnormal and I don't know whether my speach sounds a little impolite or something bad. If I did, please forgive me as it was not my intention.
We have a electric time schedure board (I don't know what it call) that they show what time next train comes exactly.
If the train comes late even one or two minutes, they will anounce ``I'm so sorry, the next train will arrive 2 minutes late, please wait patiently.``...
S., I realized a lot of things about Japan, good things and bad things, and accept that everything frexible.
seaweed, boild and put mashed sweet beans...
Fortunately, The Tokyo area where I live is far from the seismic center, so I am safed.
We helped him to meak this food, but when people arrived, we hadn't made enough food for everybody.
So we found (served) other alternatives like cakes, fruits and chips (frites).
I heard that we can save electricity by unplogging electroncs that are not in use.
Another major soure of energy use is driving.
Oh, sorry I have drifted off topix
Most divorcees were suffring from their finantial problems, because they have to support themselves.
Once, a young guy rode his new Hally motorcycle freely on the highway. Then an old lady rode another Hally motorcycle overtook him and loudly asked him: ``Are you familiar with the motorcycle, boy?``
At last he found a Hally motorcycle lying in the road and the old lay hanging in a tree.
My husband went out to learnig Chinese.
In the future, I will work as a specialist of coffee and lecture a lot of people on how to drip dericious coffee.
I want to do that work since I entried the company.
I want to serve (?) dericious coffee to many persons.
``Houichi-san`` cried the assistant, but Houichi was obsesed in his
clothes off and wrote Buhhist prayers all over his body.
``Here is his bewa, but no answer.
Today you can see a stange thing along the coast.
I want to know how to express my truely attitude to a native speaker.
Okey, thank you.
Ahterwards, she went to the hotel, which is run by Yuina's grandmother.
Ahterwards, Toru returned.
Today is raining/ a rainning day.
I Talked to a Duthman and a Duthwoman on the Train.
She is a vewerinarian.
Her husband majored in econmics when he was a college student.
He said that she thinks that econmis is just figures.
Their children study cultual history.
I can speak Japaness a little bit.
Espesially the 'R' sound.
I'm not allowed to use the PC in oredr to write the report.
Actually, I think it has something to do with lazyness.> ``<| |
Actually, I'm originally from Osaka which is in the center part of Japan.
After graduating from university, I started my career as a teacher in Kagosima which is in the southern part of Japan and now live in Hokkaido which is in the northernmost part of Japan.
For example, to express ``very``, people in Osaka say ``gottui`` or ``mettcha``, people in Kagoshima say ``wasse``, and people in Hokkaido say ``namara``.
``As pleasat as the scenery was, I wouldn't recommend going to that resort.``
I'm studying alliteraion these days, but there is no one who helps me here.
Ocean names need the like the Pacific, the Atlantic, the Artic, and so on.
I wathced the movie ``TRON`` last Sunday.
I haven't watced the previous movie, so I couldn't understand it sometimes.
They have yet to develope into adults.
Last weekend I was going to get her family Cristmas cards for the Cristmas but I couldn't find the cards that I prefer type of design.
Last month I asked my firend who would come to Canada on December 1st.
I got sunburnt the day before yeasterday, soI got some aloes for treatment.
Christams is a big deal for me.
First of all, I went to Britain in Feburuaty, and I stayed for a month.
Today is supprisingly warm, 59 F!
It has been freesing since last November.
all my friends were supprised to find me wearing only one coat.
In the last 2 months, I have studied Japanese everday.
this summar vacation, I always wake up before lunch or later:D
The Tohoku earthquake occered on March 11th, 2011.
I think the people's view of life in Japan has become devided
When I was changing channl on TV.
After I watched it about five minutes, I found out it was a horror moive.
Although it was horror movie and I wanted to sleep, I still finished the whole movie. When I went to bed, pictures of blood and guts filled my mind! I shouldn't watch horror movies at nigt........
But in the moring it is very comfortable!
If I improve my English speaking and listening, I can go to abroad on a bussiness trip.
Usually I concentrate on remembering difficult vocabralies.
With the rapid development of human industries, many problems appear as a consequences of persuiting excessive profit and being blind to the pollution.
Despite the fact that everyone understands this cruel fact, people seldomly take the responsibility to change this situation.
The next thing to discusse is deforestation.
People cut down trees for farms or buildings igorning the damages to animal habitation as well as the incredible impact to local weather system.
First of all, we should be awaring that we would never be able to separate from these problems.
It's my frist daialy.
I haven't witten my diary a for long time.
Some thngs stopped me from writing.
But unexpectadly, there were huge crowds of people there.
It reportedly said that noise from a quarreling couple disturbed their neighborhood below, who then called the police fearing something tragic would occur.
I reccomend it to all tired people.
Its ingreadients were rice, vegitable, fish, seaweed, beans etc..
For example, the menu had ``pudding of Green peace``, ``mash pumpkin salad``, ``vegitable tempura with greentea salt``
While we rode our bikes in Mexco, we were always attacked by a lot of dogs.
Canda's Wondaerland
Today we can choose different ways to exchange information depending on different situatinos.
But I was refleshed/ relieved (?).
So, there are a few people in the center of our city, bacause people who live in our city oftern go to the big shopping center that is located outside of the city.
Dolittle (autor: Hugh John Lofting)
I am going to go to the optical shop, and then go to a briteday party for Xiao wei.
I have not chatted with Rose_ garden for a long time; I am thinking of her... hie hei.... a alitle bit about her...
Also some of my friends taught me how to say good everning in Frence..
The most famous and popular picture in the world is the ``Monariza Lisa`` by Leonardo da Vinci.
Have you noticed that she wears no juwerly and has no eyebrows?
Do you like the Monariza Lisa?
What will the score be in today's match beetwin Real and Barcelona?
But I tried to behave like, ``No problem, go ahed and talk.``
I've got surpring news from my friend who I've known for over four years.
It just made me kinda sad since we've been nice friends actaully.
It's going to be a surprsing party ^-^ We are also going to get some presents too which we hope will remind her of Nagoya!!
It has been runnig in my mind all the time recently.
I must say: Chinese food is so good, expecially in Taiwan.
But I couldn't explain well because I didn't understand the other menber's research
I'm so navous XD
However, since my wife belonged to brass basnd in her school days,
At first, I didny 'tknow her name,
The earthequake heavily damaged the transportation system, such as roads and railways.
Yesterday, the last day, I went to the Hokkey Hall of Fame.
I took many pictures with the Stanray Cup there.
I ate dinner at a Chainese restaurant.
In order to relax, I decided to do some outdoor spotrs.
Everyone should change themselves to adapt to the enviroment, especially young men.
Here, can I say ``after that`` instead of ``afterward`` without chaging
Althought Science and Politics have been developed suprisingly and our lives have been changed to be made more conviniently, we are not satisfied with now.
Actualy, I don't feel like the real new year has come.
humm.
He suffered from pnuemonia and stayed in the hospital for a month 2 yeasr ago.
Fortunatelly she only had to take care of him for a short time.
We are fine as useal.
Helloo!!
On the net you can choose from an enormous selection, includingthe paper that you want to read, the field that you want to study, etc, and most importantly: it is you who is choosing, and not who is being chosed as you are with the tv.
American drama is very popular in Japan recantly.
It was soooo exciting and wasn't as dengerous as I expected, I couldn't be too careful though.
but we Japanese typically like American or Europian fast fashion brands, like Gap, ZARA, H& M, and Forever 21.
A few days ago I got the lisence for large motorcycles.
It was a preety good time.
When I surfed the net, one of my favorite blogs
The movie discribes just an ordinary family, including parents and one doughter going to a high school.
There is almost nothing exciting about it, but one little incident in that family gradually reveals its problems and strangeness, which, to insome degree, every human being has, and we sometimes ponder about them.
make many friends and travel to many countires.
I suggest drinking coffee without suger.
I like watching moive with my friends.
I mean, in my opinion, they will be happy getting some snacks or magagines which we can get only in Japan.
I knew he has strong intenntion.
Though he llikes liquor, he will not drink one drop now.
But, I gurantee to improve your Japanese skills as correctly and efficiently as possible.
The story is in 6 episodes, about skywolker defeating the Sith.
The latter story ``Back to the Future`` are interesting science fiction mivies.
Every time I see them, I have provoking thoughts on/ about the huture and the past.
Sometimes I watch mivies English.
recentury, I could understand easily English mivies.
Volley the ball likly hammering nails.
Now I live in Wakayama city, aruond 50 miles south of Osaka.
Wakayama is an old town and has a beautiful casstle founded at the feudal age.
To sum up, VCS is a really usefull tool to backup the computer's file automatically and smartly.
Waiting for a paticular lettter is hard.
I did not kown the answers at all. In fact, I really want to impruve my English. The title is ``ON Long distance education.`` Oh, really diffcute, right?
I want to somothing for people, especially poor people, animals,& lonely young persons.
Hou should I live?
But I like the air and the cconversations while drinking.
Suddenly, the rain started falling when I was woking in my office.
I injoy this way.
I wish she paid more attendtion to me.
And this year the Mid-autumn festival is held during the National holisay.
The day before, it has lasted untill two in the morning so, yesterday my husband wrote a letter and put it on his door.
After graudating from graduate school, B found a job at once, but A did not.
Suddently, it occurred to me that sometimes losing is winning.
There seems to be an agreement where the government asks companies to donate money in exchange for the privilege to promote the company in the park by doing things like like printing the company's name in pastcards.
However, the government shoud not forget that there are some risks involved. Some companies may abuse their privilege by constructing buildings.
I thught that if I wrote Japanese first here, then it would be translated from Japanese into English.
I went to a chainese restrant with my chainese friend.
We enjoyed chainese food.
It was good but a little bit saluty.
There is one saying that goe ``it is the early bird who catches the worm``.
Most of Chease people have been studying english for very long time, as for me, I began studying English in junior high school when I was 14 years old, but even now, I still can't communicate with foreigners very freely, the lack of vocabulary is a big problem when I want to talk about some complex issue. My listening ability is not good enough, especially when I attend a meeting, because I can't interupt speaker very frequently like in face to face communication.
The landlord is a Singapoeran man.
But neighbors had sex almost every day.
Sorry, but waht have I written about??
If you havn't watched it, I can recommend it to you.
recentry I can't drink a Litre of water from 9am to 6pm.
The reason is cleare, I am busy at my job.
In the biginning, my back was getting chilly (felt cold),
My voice turned hasky (deep),
I had an unbrella, but I left it at a bookstore.
When I went back, the same unbrella were in the unbrella-box.
I thought I grabed my unbrella, but it was not mine.
After I finsh taking English lessons
I alway feel thisty and exchausted.
I think English is the language to express somthing and Japanese is
Yogert against Hay fever and Pollen dust
It said that for people who suffer from hay fever will get better by eating yogert or drinking yogert drink everyday.
I told my friend but he said his stomach is also weak for milk, yogert and yogert drink......
It was really good choise!!
Some of them are good people and some of them are bad people, but we can relate ourselves to their charactors while we saw a play.
Before last scean come, Jean Valjean (main cast) make a confession to his daughter-in-law's fiance about his old sin, then he disappeared from his daughter's sight.
I want to go to the theather in the near futher.
Univarsal Tokyo is near my brother's house.
Of coase I'm not.
Seijin no hi (Comming-of-Age day)
but same as usuall.
Hair tecsture is very different depending on the customer's race.
becaues I work hard too.
Becides, I really need a scholarship, so I promised that I would get straight A's for all classes from the start of this semester.
I love my language, foreigners say that it is weird and that it is difficult to study, they are just affraid of difficulties.))))
I am proud to be Russian and to speak Russian, but it has a downside: I can't get rid of my accent, because we have a strong and tough pronounciation.
1st of September is the worst day, (that day) my studing will begin...
My understanding is taht it is a very strong beam of light...? (Is this corect?)
Children's smail are very good.
thnak you.
I'm glad to get along with my lovly classmates evertday.
I believe there must be some strange power in her articles, for so many people get toghter and remember her.
Therefore, I belive I can enjoy more when I take a trip with friends, so I'd like to choose travel with a company if I could choose.
Then Itarians began to grow them for food.
Notrh America
Do you belive in a spectral existence?
In the moring, a new lab mate came to our lab.
Today, I had a conferance.
Increasing the treature of wealthy counries make them richer than before.
Take China for example. When scientists developed new techique to plant crops, China could stop inporting crops from other countries.
admittedly, it is not enough to provide financial aid to poor coutries.
Today, I bought some books: books about Vietnum, Obana's speech, and Shakespear.
I'm interested in Vietnum a lot because of The VietnamWar, and I'd like you Americans to tell me how you think of Vietnum.
I came here to learn englishl.
I studey an English conversation everyday.
It's very hard fom me.
For two days now, my wife and I have been walking to the park early in the morining
The curriculam of the course is so tight that students cannot have the time to do anything but study.
On the way to my unverity, I often listen to my iPod, on which a lot of lectures are recorded.
While she was in the hospital, she slept very well and ate balanced meals, and that's why she recoverd completely.
So thier diligence about English is intense.
Their conventional phrases are that ``you need to practice more`` (Even I know such a thing), ``Yoru English is not good enough to heve conversations with native speakers`` (You have a middlesome attitude, (I already know that, please go to hell.) The reason why they do so is because they have high pride about English.
And Japanese peope like to boast their special skills like English, programing and certifications.
I could see a beautigul scenery.
She thinks cram school cannot provide the knowledge she needs, but she still needs a teacher to correct her writting.
The only thing I can do for her is practice speaking with her as much as I can/ as much as possible, but I do not have enough confidence/ the confidence to correct her writting!
In my opinion, when people speak/ are speaking, they might ignore the grammar problem, while in writting they cannot.
Even I had prepared for the IELTS one year, yet I still cannot easily express things no matter if I am speaking or wrtting in English.
What shuld I answer?
Evryone asked me ``How long have you been here?``
Shuld I answer ``I've been here for two months``? Is it right?
On that day, Angel Gabriel was sent by God to the Virgin Mariam, who 'presented himself as a human.
Virgin Mary said she is not marrid.
She she hoped she died befot that..
I'm relieced.
(I want them to learn how to use maney, so it's not a lot)
I have been studying Enlgish for almost 6 years, but I cannot speak English well.
I made it with only solt and vegetables and herbs, it was too soon for me to have it though, as I felt something was missing...
The next morning, I added a bit of a consome cube;)
I ate some food, mixed ice cream, zingisukan, salad, susi and so on.
So we went to choocolate a store.
But me and one of my friends didn't buy choocolate.
Some of them can impcts you for a lifetime.
In different peroid, elementary school, middle school and university, we met different friends.
This is my frist time using this facking bullshit!
After all that, I found myself getting off the train holding a tremendous ammount of frustration pent up inside me.
I am worried about these triefles
I think we are equal wherever and whoevere we are as long as we live.
My mum told me she sent a lot of dunmplings to me.
The dunmplings my mum makes are always full of oil.
The dumling in Jaxin (in China) are very famous!
Thera are no clouds in the sky.
But I don't know wnat to do...
The one on the right is Mattya Azuki (green tea and Red bean), the other is rainbouw:D
It was sooo funny.
I love American dorama.
Yesterday I rented the DVD ``glee`` at a video remtal shop.
Memory is quite werid, it can change things with two sides into pure good or pure evil.
We may qurral with our friend or may even swear we will never talk again.
All we can remenber is how sweet our friend is, and the little things they did for us.
I still save the small note my friend serectly wrote to me in math class asking me where to go for lunch.
I started diving lessons last yaer.
souga-yu
If you have catch a cold, you can try to drink souga-yu.
Today I seminarys at the afternoon and, in a little while, at night, I'll return to college to more and more seminarys.
I'm thinking, writing here is more confortably to me, because I can think in english faster (Yatta!).
The bad point is: won't work apropriated with learning new words.
Watashi wa supein de umaremashita kedo kodomo no toki, irelando to furansu ni mo sunde sumimashita, sore kara, eigo to chotto furansugo mo hanasu koto ga dekimasu.
Kono nikki wo yonde, watashi no nihongo no reberu ga wakarimasu.
They are choosen by people because of their life style.
We exchanged our numbers and e-mail adresses.
governments planning an undrground nuclear waste repositry on Mongolian soil.
These governmnt don't want to take the risk of nuclear, and just foist it on the Mongolian people.
Tagine pots and dishes, which are cooked in a tagine pot, are popular amang Japanese young women.
So it's healty.
I went to a restaurante which serves the Mediterranean-style seafood dishes and I ordered Moroccan curry.
That was ture.
Have you ever had any serious dissease or injury?
I want to have some friends in forign countries.
In my last entry, I wrote about Africa and all the different kinds of wild animals. I also wrote about Drakonsbergs.
But my parents think it's not good enough and I need to become more competetive.
Both her face and vioce are adorable.
So nobady said ``Congratulations`` to me.
It didn't matter to me that nobady said that to me.
I think that Mother's Day is a special day for saing ``Thank you`` to one's own mother.
So I tought I didn't need to say ``Congulatulations`` to my friends.
I very much enjoed it!
I'll be going to ``Sendai`` by train to go shpping.
I'd like to go by car, but My car has been broken sinse 2 days ago.
I hope it will be repaird as soon as possible!!
I have to look at four pictures once and discribe them in a story.
I want to speake in English fluently like an American.
I think taht I agree with forign.
I want to go to Ameria early!!
I'm gioing to visit one preschool this Thursday.
This is a catoon in today's newspaper
The electronic design coverd PLC, semiconductor circuits, PCB design, C-language farm ware and much more.
A 'gap year' system is as follows: high school graduates who have the qualification for admittion to universicy or college take volunteer activities for a year in his/ her country or overseas without studying in university or college.
They stay from September till July next year at a house owned by the local government and are paied some money for living expenses by the government.
They experience many things during their stay in my town and go home with their precious expriences.
This year too, two voluteer youths will come on September 10th.
There is a humourous bookstore.
I had a farewell party for my flatemate tonight.
I'm not sure, but maybe it's Korean style Vietnamese food;) We chose some vagetable we wanted to eat from the many kinds of vagetable and put them on rice paper.
But I'm a English beginner and I have Inever gone to England.
So today, I will write in my diary for the 18th of septemver.
Introduse myself... I'm Maru
In the pierod when we got together, he was always annoyed at me and never satisfied with me.
I don't have a bycycle, so I have to walk 30minutes to arrive at the hall to sing.
It provides you a convinient way to have meals.
It is so great to cook by youself.
When people talking about day to remember, most of people will mention about any kind of special day like festival, hoilday brithday, grathing day or even day of dating your grilfriend.
It is natural for Japanese when we visit someone to bring some souvenirs (``Omiyage`` calture) for them.
However, I have no idea if theAmericans will accept Omiyage calture.
I don't listen to musik often.
tareksan hon wo yomimasu
The liquid from food waste mixed with EM bokashi contains good bacreria.
This can kill bad bacreria in drainage pipes.
But in this class, we did diverse work using english. For exaqmples: Singing songs, doing role plays in front of the class, doing yoga following english directions and so on.
Now I can enjy english.
When I was just practicing english speaking, even if I had grammartical problems, I didn't care.
I guess this habit is the result of practing English writing.
However, so lerning C is put to bed.
Also will be great to studdy another language, maybe italian or some slavic (Polish, Serbian, Slovenian etc.) This cultures are intresting for me, and words not so hard to learn I think.
Distance is not a probrem for me, because it takes 45 minutes by train.
But the train ticket is expencive for me...
The restaurant was quite expencive, but the atmoshere was nice.
Thease days I am busy with hunting for a job, but I'm having problems because of the financial crisis. Another reason, I think, is that I want to change career fields.
Above all, I cannot memorize Englis words easily.
I have a favor today =. =
This is my writing examation in this semeter.
Let's make up our minds, stick to it and enjou our lives well.
What wiil I do?
It is good that I do not have to go anywhere. =) I hope that It wiil not be hot in the evening. What will (shall) I do?
All airways to Western Europe are all still closed and the center point of the arguments is what level of ash is safe.
But I found out that her parents got divorced and she sufferd from it.
Yuma rided his tricycle.
My favorite artists are AKB48 (Japanese girls group), KESHA, Avril Lavign and Lady Gaga.
I don't just study a lot of things at colleage; I also do a part-time job.
My strength and enery gradually becomes worse.
they wore winer scarves, hats and thick coats.
I am sure my mom will come to the ariport with my thick coats.
I am so looking farward to see snow there.
I am good at writing, but I am not good at listenning.
As soom as I got home, I had dinner.
So I went to buy a present (wiskey made by Suntory, a famous Japanese company) for my father today.
When a student walked out of the claassroom with his phone on, my teacher, an old man from Anhui, rushed out of the classroom right after the boy, suspecting he was playing hooky.
At last, the poor frustrated old man came back alone and embarrasedly in a pile of laughter.
The cat is called ``Boss`` by poples.
I used to live in a homestay (hosue) and went to there yesterday.
We keep in touch with each othey by QQ.
She does every subject well except math, Do you know he ued to get zero in math so she promised to work hard at it.
After that I went to Aulkland Museum.
But I guss the best thing is just natural.
Remeber what did you tell me when we last met?
Were they esay to start?
I really don't add unfamilier people on my Facebook, so I felt that it was a little annoying because I didn't know him.
Althought I have already gotten material of apartments from their support group.
I am able to relux but when I stay with someone else I am not able to really relax.
This is the reason why I have not been sleeping well recentry.
At the time, I tought the reason why I think like so.
Aerobic and Strength tarining
I'm really looking forward to seeing my old friends and wearign a Furisode:) I'll take a lot of pictures and, I'm going to put them here.
You must be looking forward to seeing me wearign a Furisode!
If you do not deal with this proems, I will be forced to take a legal action.
I am a colleg student.
She was the most beautiful Pina I've ever seen!!!
I will be sturdying English about half as much as I usually do.
But a snow-covered mounten is very denjurous.
So I'll go to the snow-covered mounten with my friend.
I used to go to a camera shop and orderd pictures printed, but I don't have to do that anymore.
Nomally in Tokyo, it is at the beginng of April.
This winter was hotter than those of nomal years.
I'm hoping to have another amesing dream tonight.
Going along the main road straigh to the city.
Thus, after a long day riding, I realy want to go to bed now.
But he abondaned it because his girlfriend got pregnant and he decided to be a father.
There was an earthquack on 3. 11.
and creating someting is so fun.
But the point is that we are so small to the universe, so why bother being so tired and depressed by something also so little. So little that you will hardly recall ten years later, and you probably will never mention it ever; like missing a bus, losting a pen, or having an argument with friends.
Japan has a long and glorious histroy, good public safty and a strong army, Tokyo is one of the biggest cities in the world, Japanese technology is the best. ``
The Japanese gevernment and companies know this fact well.
So I decided not to buy a CD plyaer and bought an I-pod insted.
To my suprise, she wasnt not far from my sight.
She has been there from bigining to the end.
Surely, she doesn't even know what I wana do with her when I have time.
If I can assume her exsistance is destiny, I whould confess my feeling to her directly.
-There must be a leader who is in charge of arragning meeting times or presentating their project in front of the group.
So, I do not agree with the idea that all group members should be given same greade even if they choose each other as group members, like a team that consists of all friends.
First, it is true that each member in a group devotes his or her passion and time to the project with different amounts of effots.
(our professor made us break into a few groups) While my team was working on an ongoing project, a few students, including me, spent plenty of time indivisually on the project, but the others were just like spectators.
-This class always reminds me that people should be diligent when working alone or with other poeple.
Today I'll talk sbout my hamster Subaru.
April is the biginning of school season.
I had already heard that no one brings musical instruments or sings songs to cheer their favorite baseball team, but I didn't know that venders threw snacks like peanuts or ice cream.
I saw some videos related to the baseball stadium venders on Youtube.
Unfortunately, there aren't any venders at Japanese stadiums, as far as I know.
During this time, I've been learning grammer rules and vocabulary by heart
actally I'm still not good at English because I've been studying it on my own.
sorry, my ablity to speak English is really basic so I'm unable to have a fluent conversation.
I recived a letter from the job training institute.
+ peel the carot and the Gobo.
+ cut the carot into strips.
+ stir friyng Gobo and carot together with sasame oil (oil also possible) until wilted. (soft?)
+ add the dashi (soup stock), sake, soy souse, suger.
The whole world are having thier eye on the rescuing of the Chile miners.
The construciton for disabled people at my nearest statinon has been going on for 3 months.
Because there aren't famous Japanese celeblities in America and there are few Japanese celeblities there.
Probably Americans are not interrested in Japanese celeblities.
The funny guy from Russia said that he realized that Japanese women walk with short steps, and he tought that it was because Japanese women used to wear Kimonos.
And the girl from Sweden tought that because the women put on high-heeled shoes, they can't take big steps.
About my horiday
So I want to study a lot of languages of different countreis.
I exaggarated too much.
I visited Tronto, New York City, and Hong Kong during golden week.
BecauseI, I think that to review those is more important than to write another.
Rently, I have been studying English.
My favorite mounths are October, June, July and December.
Today I've just wach an awesome movie, I loved it.
In japan we usualy play the game ``nine ball``, one of the various rules of billiards.
actually, I didn't search for it, my canadian obba otld me hahah
in 30 years old, I want to be good at speaking in french, englsih, japanes, korean,, ha!
nowadays, I really enjoying watching overseas drama, th title of drama is ``desperate housewives``.. it is season 5
but, cofidence is importatn in western culture, haha
I sort of thought, downd the corridor of the time, this is the first step to improve my english
I teach mathmatics to high school students.
Workholic?!
I booked an Engilsh class outside of class.
I want to speak more Engilsh.
He has an exciteinglife life.
I would especially like to see the pyramid, SPHNIX, mummy and so on. There is so much I want to see in person.
I was so greatful that one of the parents told me that her daughter really enjoyed today's lesson and she was glad to see it.
It might be harder to learn and collect vocarbularly by myself.
What would you say if you presanted Lang-8?
On the march 11th, the big erathquake occurred in Japan.
New year is just around the conner!
Today, I will take two crasses, bcouse I am very busy.
About 8: 00 pm., he came home and gave me flowers and choclates.
I'm very happy to get the superised presents, because he always forgets important things.
It sometimes causes pain, particulaly in the parts that have a lot of Cellulite.
Danxia Mountain is the only World Natral and Cutral Heritage in Guangdong province.
As a sophore, I would like to do something different from last summer.
The name Tiramisu is ltalian for ``Pick me Up`` (Tirami su) but can be translated figuratively as ``Make me less sad/ happier``
althogh It's still April..
taking midern Exam.
I studied in the lbrury untill midight sometimes.
Today, I was walking to the liberary.
Hot yoga is doing Yoga in hot room where the temperacure is 40 degrees Celcius and the humidity is 65%.
It's a very hard Yogo.
Everyday when I wake up, I first power on my laptop and log into QQ. QQ is a software program like MSN, and in China is the major instant messenge program.
Though I have been learning English for about 10 years, I've never tried to call foriengers in English.
When the phone connected, I said hello to him in Chinese naturely.
My point is that the bad thing is not that you are not good at something, but that you are afraind of having a try.
Keep on leraning.
Good Morning! I am from Thailand. My name is Jirawut. I have decided to patice writing in English here. I hope it will improve my English. I hope someone would help me. Next time I would write about beatiful places in Thailand.
I plan to learn Technick English next year.
I feel warmy today:)
But I saw many people taking the exam. I hope many people get to be nail artists in the furure.
I really want to volantter for those who are suffering but I don't know what I should do.
If I had the time, I would go to the worst plase to help.
I guess harricane are common in my local area.
If I were to experience one of them, I whould hate tunami the most,
I choiced two places.
We can see the animals close up and observe their behavier and abiliies.
My recommend is the behavior exhibision of penguins.
There are sveral lavender fields in Frano.
We could see the sprended lavender purple view, and we could smell the scent of lavender.
Of cource, Kyoto is one of the most famaous places in Japan.
I thoght that game was not interesting but they were so patient.
I'm supprising about this site.
If I had found this site earlier, I wouldn't be worred about my writing study.
I was even wearing a nitted hat with ``I love New York`` on the fron of it.
We need oxyzen to beathe but we easily forget the importance of it.
I just realized that how easily I can be sofficating without this.
anway, I'm tired of using big letters, such as 'I' instead of 'I', that
not only that but this mark 'meaning ommision as well.
I watched 'Butterfly Effect 2', 'Vapoorize', 'Pirate of the Caribian' and now 'Insadong Scandle' it's about the restauration of old Koean pictures.
The number of your vocaburary
Have you heard or thought of how many vocaburaries words a naitive American or a native Britan knows?
I sould cange my password...
So I want to improve my Engish.
If you find any mistake, just crooss it out.
I can't blog in Frech,,,.
Design is all of its value and Design createa new philosophy. ``by Kazuo Kawasaki
I heard that soda makes meat soft and actually the staek was soft even though it was cheap, and it did not taste of/ like pepsi.
There is a statue which looks like an openning book.
Today, I feel like writting about myself.
I always go sufiing during the weeked.
Sufiing is very popular in Japan.
I speak a llitte English.......
I'm looking foward to receiving your message.
They then hold a perty to uncover the baby's gender.
They may make a cake taht may have two differnt colours inside.
I am a college student frome China.
Moreover, there are many diferent kinds of videos that you can choose from.
I'm going to go pick up noe of my friends at Nriata airport.
Sometimes, it takes a long time to see them, and I have to wait quite a long time at the airprt.
They all seemed such kind people and made me feel comportable.
This night, there is a TV proglam showing a movie called, ``Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire``.
It's realy hard for me to understand what they say!
I didn't neccesarily take the exam lightly.
However, I was too hungry, dizzy, sored in every part of my body and sleepy.
In the Tokai region, the central region of Japan, a big earthquake happend early this morning.
The oscillation continued for more than 3 miniutes.
He might be genious so I'll give up adopting his method.
I love department stores even though they are a littel bit expensive because they have many atrractive things such as cool and fashionable clothes, decorative talewares, and delicious sweets.
Yesterday, while seaching around the web, I saw this homepage.
This is my first time writing a diary on the web, so I am really nervious now!
My gragger especially sucks.
Last weekend I had a pearty with my member for new staff coming to this laboratory.
In Canada, I want to make new frends all over the world.
Of course, not only will it be more expencive but it will take more time to get there.
It's not confortable living in my house because of its bad location in spite of remodeling some parts of it.
Campared with my new house, I think it's very inconvenient for me to live there.
-A gray plane with a red dot on its top rotates according to the place of the mouse on the stage, which shows how the rotaionX and rotationY properties work.
It was good for my shoulers!!
There are many foreigher at the party.
It has been a long time since I have spoken English with foreigher.
I think Japan is becoming weaker but Sigapore is becoming the center of Asia.
I'm in college learning Russian and Europian philology (philosphy?), also I try to study English and Japanese.
In Japan, we can't buy cigarettes from a cigarrete machine without a Taspo card.
countries, and the other is about coexistense of different cultures.
When I study them, I go to the lerning center of the Unversity, which
Usually I tend to get nervous and sweat in those occations.
My hobby is dencing, eating and cooking sweets.
nobody belive me
And I also like 'just dance' and 'beautiful drity rich'.
The desire for money, fame and all the beautiful drity things.
I've been thinking/ contemplating that I shoul study English for university or preparation for studying abroad.
We learned the Present Continious and Present Perfect Tenses in Hindi =)
one of my favorite alcoholic drinks is RHUM DU PERE LABAT.
T completly.
Beseide, scholarship for students who want to study abroad is impossibly difficult to get.
Though many Japanese are rich and they afford educatoin, I beleive we need changes in Japan.
On the way (there), we bought some ingredients for sandwitches.
This is my first writng on Lang-8.
I have to learn English and little Spanish for my buiseness.
Therefore, continuing to eat a lot of junk food means exposing yourself to the dangers of gaining weight, diabates and other diseases.
Secandary, it spoils children's appetites and promotes bad eating habits.
I am telling my friend about past things but I am not sure about grammer (tense) Is that correct?
I couldn't contact her but I guessed I could of met her if I went to her restraunt ``
As a result, I met her at her restraunt.
It's like jazz music, but more noizy, with lirics.
The name ``Baduanjin`` refers to 8 differnt movements including shaking wrists, lowering your head and hips, and swinging your entire body.
This is a very popular blog in the United States of Amerika.
Last night, my American teacher told us she had a bad experince in China.
because her passport, make up and even her money wer in the baggage.
but she couldn't remeber the taxi number, so she didn't know how she could find it.
aften she wrote the form, she looked around, and she saw a bagage in the office coner.
Yesterday, I took part in actibity in my circle, university COOP.
recommended them mutual aid, new PCs, new electoronic dictionaries and so on.
That's why my birthe is in June.
Then, Shinobu Moromizato who was the second money list player in Japan appered our behind.
My wife said to her ``Hnag in there!``, She said to my wife ``Thank you.
It's been a long time since I've writen something on here.
I don't know what to write dowm.
And I have not maken the decision if I will stay here for my whole life.
It was very. delicius.
I think that superstars lip-sinching songs are not a singers and their music is not music.
Becouse I don't know what would be interesting for me, and I thought it would run out of battery quickly.
and they downloaded it to my iPhone without my permition.
konno eiga no namae wa ``grave of the fireflies`` deshita.
Yesterday, I wrote I was not interested in snowboad, but I watched it live on TV at noon.
The sea water tastes solty, therefore, the sea water contains solt.
The theorem is prooved, thus the experience will have a good result. proved
However I didn't need (to do) it, because I didn't have any maney.
I always keep my diary in Korean, so I want to say hallo to people who are English native speakers and read this message ^ ^
Soshite sono rekishi ni te wo kuwaeru koto wo omoitsuta (lembrar) no da.
It made me feel wormer.
When we see the pictures of the past films, we feel that it's so old, but today's dramas, pictures and what's more, scearns {?} of today's life are soon becoming old.
Suprisingly, on the forum for ``I want to meet soon!!`` in both SNSs, a lot of messages were submitted by women.
Obserbing the board for few days, it seemed that the messages were written by prostitutes or an organization, that infested the SNSs.
I look into the imformation paper to make sure, and I found out that my understanding was WRONG!!!
and I will applicate the S.
So I replied to her on what I had beeb doing before and asked her what she had been doing too.
Straight after we made an apointment to have lunch together.
We spent the time just talkig, using a lot of technical terms and eating a lot,
Forgetting their daily lives, two mothers enjoyed thier past golden days.
Tommrow, I'm going to ``Hiraizumi``, which is a World Heritage Site.
We had grilled chiken there.
Complaint (complain = verb) about wrok...
Important things for lerning English:
The chocolate cake they served as a desert was especially excellnt!
I'm hungry for success and am making an effort just like I do with bpxing!!!
My herartbeat is strong
I attended my friend's wedding last suterday Saturdayand drunk a lot!
This little thing reminds me I should show more acceptancy towards my parents, and try to say 'thank you' more often.
I think that I will sleep all this weeken like a dead person.
B: You never know. (You dont know untill we do.)
I went to the studium to watch baseball games of high school students gathered from all of Japan today and the day before yesterday.
I don't like both playing and watching baseball so much, even of proffesional athleats.
They never give up to win the game, and it seems to be in a defficult or dangerous to keep playing.
They do thier best for thier teammates and their dreams, without thinking about next game or the future.
As soon as we got home, my children said, 'we want to play succor.'
But, because of developing countries such as Korea; Tailand will be abjectly damaged.
With Saudi Arabia's will to increse petroleum production, aimed at stemming unrest in the market, the price of oil will easily get back on track.
I went to the spermarket.....
I went to the spermarket last week.
When I tought her, she said ``Thank you.`` to me and left.
Today my professon was about 20 minutes late to our final exam.
At language learning school, my teacher adviced me advice to keep a diary everyday.
It must have been irritationg for the players.
Althoug they didn't get high grade in schoolthey always do well in physical education.
I study Engrish and chinese at university.
I would like to explane even half what I am thinking
and first I should be making some forign friends.
Ohayo gozaimasu.
Hajimemashite. dozo yoroshiku.
I don't konw what job I want.
I gruduate next year.
Next day I drove to Saitama studiam with a friend.
It is very big and suggested a world cup succer game.
Article detaile
I thought manybe somebody sent the wrong number and by chance the number was mine.
I thought he wanted to cheat my mobile phone company because he asked me to sennd a message to unknown number.
And we are having small party with Familly or friends on Christmass day.
Is this ture???
If this is ture, I want to live in another country.
anyway, l studed English, specailly conversation.
So, my prononsation is better than before..
But, I'm not good at forming sentense in english..
Today, I went to an exhibiton called the Seoul Design Olympiad.
I requested a black foret cake/ gateau.
I was going to go to work by train, but on second tought I decided to walk.
My favorit Practice for English
because I `d lile to siginificantly improve (or enhance) my listening ability.
I normally get excited seeing this unusual weather in Tokyo, but this timeI I hope that it would stop soon.
it is a a taough question of life.
I want to be a musicaian,
but its taugh to be one.
Stay hungry, sray foolish
Since I have participated in an English speech contest and pracriced a lot ofspeeches, I know some famous speeches, such as ``I have a dream.``
When I feel deppressed or worried about something, I listen to it.
But around starting sophomre year,
He said he wanted to constract the way of light.
The ingredients are topatoes, Japanese radish, carrots, taro, konjak jelly, mushrooms, chinese cabbage, welth onion, pumpkin and chicken.
And last, season with moso.
They were good taste, healthy, nutritions and work for warming me up.
I made a sentence, which uses ``that`` anad ``which``.
There are sentenceswhich is use ``that`` anad ``which``.
I am wearing a short t-surt, which is striped blue and gray.
The t-surt was given to me by my girl friend last weekend.
I have some friends who are forginer.
My friends, who are foreigners help me with my Englsh.
A great thunder came and it turned the sky puple for just a moment. Then a long, heavy sound crashed out, and it started raining for five minutes.
My opinion is that the hydrangea is a flower which looks better on a rainy day that eny other flower.
It's ture that the early bird catches the worm.
I made it thriough the interview, and I can work in the company.
It is very hot but very dilicious.
Secondly, we can spend more time with our amily.
Thanks to mobile phones, we can keep in touch with other people easily, make apointments easily and speak with friends easily even if they live very far away from us
Mobile phones are not only for talking and sending messages, but alsof for enjoying music, taking fhotos and getting information.
But we shouldn't forget that talking face to face is a better way to undersatand each other deeply than using mobile phones to communicate with others
There is a bamboo thiket around my house.
Aan bamboo sprouts come out during spring.
Yesteday I also went to sleep at 4a.
I searched for the nobel, ``Christmas Carol`` by Charles Dickens.
So I asked the selesclerk, ``Do you have' Cristmas Carol 'here?``
I found some sentances that are a bit difficult for me.
Now, I haven't yet had a good conversation with forign people.
I take some supplementals regularly so I thoguht it would be a good time to buy some extra.
The pharmercist told me to take them ``theoradically``.
I think, my halth has gotten away somewhere.
The first band that I listened to was ``X Japan.`` After that, I listened to ``the GazettE.`` When I watch anime, I like to listen to the oppening songs because sometimes some good artists play the intro. music.
A example of this, was when I watched Death Note. I liked the very first oppening and ending song a little bit, but when I listened to the second opening,
The music was from: Maximun the Hormone.
New tryings for learning English
I'll try to write in English dialy for the next 2 months.
Sooner or later, a super earthquake and tidal wave is coming to Japan with a smile, to give poor Japanese a presious lesson.
We have to stop the Hamaoka nuclear power plant as soon as possible, or we will have to see a very beautiful but harmlful fireworks again in the next 20 years.
Tydying up!
It's so flustrating!
This tragedic disaster reminds us of the preciousness of daily life.
Today I have come to Seatle for business.
I want to go to ``the first starbacks``, if I have enough time.
Any unclaimed or unlabeled dishes, culture wells and bottles will be thrown out when I see them.
I have a lot of homework now, but I don't have enourh time to do my homework.
the band's name is ``flower trevelin band``
We gave her a raincort and rain rainboots.
she was supprised and cring beacuse she had been living
I saw them for the secound time, in the summer at Summer Sonic 2010 in Tokyo!
My will was weak against the allure of alchohol?
I think alchohol is kind of drug similar to as tobaco.
In addition, I always regret dinking too much next morning.
I know several people dislike the use of code-swithching.
I think that talking with sby is a good way to know and understand each other.
I had dinner at Matsunosuke, which is a neighbor restaurant.
I want to be a high school teather.
When I was a high school stuent, I disliked sience.
So, I want to tell them that ``sience is very interesting!!``.
I am not used to wrighting English, so these sentences have some mistakes.
In order to opt out of the urban congetion during Christmas,
If I can communicate in English, I could know more about wouderful sights
It might have spun too (storong/ quickly).
I have a handy electorical remover for clothes pills that I used this morning.
I got a call about his death on Monday and dushed to his home.
PL means a plivate lesson.
Next week, I'm going to take a plivate lesson for the Eiken interview.
For 1st gread.....
I'm studing English
My husband cooked ``gyuhniku (Ausie?
My name is abdullah and I'm from kuwait. I studied at kuwait university for just one term and then left because I'm not good at English. I have to be good at english, so I went to New Zealand to study the english languge because it is a very nice cauntry. I find many lovely people here, and I love nz so much and I feel very comfortabel in this country.
my winnter holiday has finished
There is a culture gap between us and I can't express my throught as fluently as they do.
I think Accouting is neccesary in our lives.
I hope todo work for abig company such as SamgSung.
SamgSung is the biggiest company to comeout of Korea.
And I hope I will be afamous cerebity out inthe world.
I think my strenth aresuitable for theMarketing field.
I have been trying to learn English so I came to Souht Africa 8 months ago.
Today was truely a hard day for me.
After noticing Oni, children begin to throw soybeans against Oni saying ``Devil out, Fotune in``.
Then Oni eascape from the house through the windows.
We believe these actions can get rid of the bad spilit from our souls and pray that our heath will remain resilient.
I don't know the specific origin of this custom however surelly it has lasted for so many centuries.
Also, Japanese knows about grammer
I was going to stay at a friend's home because he wanted to talk about his devorce through the night.
I am exitedly wondering how the story will end, but I'll miss if it comes to an end.
My psition is Forward.
I am reading a book and I don't understand something about question-tag It is difficaul to me but before I asked Rosie on MSN so I would like to ask you again.
Beforehand, I was so nervous about the lesson with foreign teacher, who was Phillipino.
I want to try to have a bussiness topic conversation with another teacher next week.
By taking pubilc transportation such as buses and subways instead of driving cars, people could help reduce pollution.
I think we should reduce air polltion.
We entried in the same year, 2001.
When I entried into my company, I thought I only would work here for 3 or 4 years.
and I will put in a lot of effot tomorrow.
Lastely, he said it is Japanese AV video that stands for ``adult video``, which is considered to be pornography.
People from foreign countries think of Japanese girlds as self-effacing and demure in my opinion.
Why is it that so many Japanese girlds appear on the AV scene, exposing their nakid bodies boldly even if it's slightly behind the scenes?
But there is a reason why I am working hard recentry.
Recently, I have discouvered that my English has improved.
After all, it's totally not enough to have only English as a speciaty.
During this time I have got to know the advantages and disadvantages of live online teaching and have developed my own tequnics to offer my students the best online German lesson.
Healthcare system managed by the government can, to a large extent, avoid inequal treatment among patrients and lessen the gap between the poor and rich.
On the other hand there is enormous impirical evidence that private hospitals do not have to be inequal or useless to have a negative effect.
Fortunetely he is still alive somehow.
potencial players and they have feasibility to win next season.
My doughters were so glad to look at it.
Takoyaki is a type of Japanese jank food.
Japanese tasete seems to taste too light for him.
``You don't have to study Chinese because I want to keep my conversations securet``.
Therefoer I've given up on studying it, and now I'm studying English.
The animae is just ordinary at first but it become awesome later on.
86% of those who have a executive car are not a millionare.
Four out of ten millionares enjoy drinking wine under ten dollars.
It is similiar to his past book.
After he finished investigating the millionare who have more than a million dollars in net assets except for their house,
he tells that millionares who have a house worth under three hundred thousand are worth three times more than the millionare who have a house worth over a million dollars.
40% of the millionares drink cheaper wine, under ten dallar.
One is kind of selfih, another is very nice, She will leave here soon.
Basically, I dont expect much and I would be fine as long as I have lady friedns that I want to talk with.
I can't belive this news.
It's because I'm now learnig french, and I often read 'rurubu' whith is a very famous journal magazine in Japan.
The wheather is cool today.
I hope the wheather can be warm, but not hot.
My face, neck and legs got sunburnt when I came back home.
Fortunatuly, I had both a Japanese motorcycle and car license.
PPoor people are using motorcycles in that hopeless and shitty island.
I already have a Japanese motorcycle liense, but I have to pass the test in English.
this moring I got up at 6: 30.
I love going to the museum and aqualium.
* picture of fake cekes
This is Cranbery Walnuts Cookies.
For example, there is this super genious kid.
It's interestig to correct others 'writing and have mine corrected.
It is rare to find people who can speack Frech well.
What a wanderful day!
In spite of my passion toward English, there is no improvement in my writting in English.
It is hard for a beginer to study by himself.
I came back to my hometown from my groundmother's house in Yamaguchi.
I want to be an expart in nurtrition.
But before I saw the mountain of KandWonDo, I didn't think like that.
I can feel the strongness and spirit of the painting in the KangWonDo's mountain too.
I wonder if I can skipp it...
My first impression of the city was that it was absolutelly multi-cultural.
For example, we visited Chenese temples and Islamic mospue in one day.
And if we wanted to see wild animals at night, we could join a night ture.
Actually, even my university (which is not as big as Kyoto univ.) has many Muslims, in my labolatory too, and I wondered what do they eat in the cafeteria.
To understand religion, it will be a good oppotunity ^ ^
Though my boss says that I can go to Swithland next week for a business trip, if your friend goes, you must want to go soon, too.
I am starting to write my English dialy.
I want to comunicate with my collegions, but my English is poor.
So I'll try to write dialy.
The boys have to play very hard from the first minute and try to squeeze in a gol.
I meet a nightbird netpel.
The ULR below is the message.
Flitzer from Munbai
We have been expecting you to be in Munbai with Kazuya.
you should do everything possible to visit us in Munbai.
Thnak you and have a nice time!
Many ads and commercials do give important information about products; however, some of tem are merely misleading and deceptive.
That's to say this sentance:
Many ads and commercials do give important information about products, however, some of tem are merely misleading and deceptive.
Question: Can we change the sentance into:
I startet work at 1pm.
From the very beginning I was in a lot of stress because the guests were just flowding in.
And at 3pm the chef (or cook) told me tath our cold kitchen cook would be leaving on Wednesday....
The airline company I took launced a new check-in system, intended to increase effectiveness and efficiency of check-in procedures.
I Beg a Cat's perdon
I think it is good to heve a better relashinship with a human.
I whoud be free;)
The merit of the smorking habit
``Smorking results only in death.
I love smorking a lot.
Smorking gives me time to rest.
Smorking allows me to communicate with other people who smoke.
We are criticized by non smorking people,
Certainly there are many bad mannered smorkers.
and smork in the areas where we are forbidden to smork.
I want to protect the culture of smorking from such bad people.
I went to dinner wth my wife and aunt.
It tasetes like Miso soup and was a little too hot for me.
I really want to be a bereaucracy, so I had searched for a good teacher.
Therefore I dicided to enroll in this school.
I'm 17 years old and I am going to university this autumu, but my mother continues to treat me as a seven-year-old.
Hope you can get out of this troble.
but I persevere in my studies to enter the univercity.
I'm going to study Japanese history at the univercity.
Also, I'm intrested in music.
Sharing thoughts, opinions and my photos with my close friends is really fun and intresting.
After I pratice writing on my blog, I want to become a good writer.
Tomorrow, I will get up at 8 and in the afternoon I will go to hith school and watch the girls soccer game.
But unfortunatelly my wife dislike insects.
My husbant's mother made sweet potatoes last autumn.
This is my first-time writting on this web site.
= = = Plese correct this = = =
Today I caought a cold and had a little bit of a fever.
I feel so grateful for their nurturance.
I go to elementa school
with my best friend, I hope our friendsip will lasd foreve
So I'm going to save electricity as much as plssible for now.
I went to a pictorial show titled ``The bridge of frendship between Turkey and Japan``.
Most paintings used bright coler.
I thught it was a good idea to hold a show like this.
One day he recerived a telegram from a reporter he had sent to a neighboring city.
This friday is final clases!!!!!
Most christians go to church on wednesdays in korean.
I love speaking English, but I need to practice the patterns of Englisg sentenses.
I have registed as a member here for a long time.
my favirit song.
things to do, but I shoud do them next week.
I'm looking foward to going to a concert!
When it comes to a finacial or economic matter that I have to study, I just want to committ suicide.
Anything involed family matters can be very complicated in real life.
I eate curry earlier tonight.
It takes 30 minits to get to my workplace from my house.
So please correct my setences.
Today, I got up at 6: 30 in order to practice tha bass.
It is so hard to spend enogh time doing all I have to do.
1. I thought, ``I want to study English and I want to speak to many peple``.
To tell the trurth, I hate commuter trains.
I believe they are going back home from their offie.
It was is the owtumn colors-the season now.
Each of the Japanese cakes was a lovery shape and coloful, but 800 yen was rxpensive, I thought.
I said, ``plase sell me this singly?``
The saleslady said, ``of couse.``
I wasn't laughing; I am a high scool student.
I went to the libary, made libary card.
But, good at dancing and playing the guiter and fashinable!!
I like English very muvh.
English brings me nwe life.
I went to Austrelia to study English for a few weeks when I was high a school student, but my English was very very very poor ((+_ +))!!
I was frustraed but I really want to be good at English, because my time in Australia was very fun and exciting, so I thought I'd like to go again!!!
I could speak and understand only a few words or sentences, but I became happy when I understnd what they said or they understood what I said, even though it was jast a few phrases.
Yestarday, I wanted to see some news, and I saw some people said the world will end.
I didn't believe it, I think those people are very chirldish, they don't know everything about the future, and just sprak what they think.
Which is the most appopriate way to express my gratitude among the following?
It's easer to write on than my Android.
Its action and music were good, but main charactor's acting and the story were not.
The movie just took the charactors 'names and the power of the main charactor but not the story.
The swet won't stop.
I was allowded to go to another country for 3 weeks as a holiday after I finished my frist year.
I have decided to try reading only in English for about a mounth or maybe longer.
So I desided to read children's and young-adult's literature for a while.
Tosay, I looked up a word in the dictionary, but what does it mean in English?
I usualy go to my English class by bicycle.
This book is writtten for a studen in an easy story.
We can acquire the skil of logical thinking, collecting information, judgie, decision and excution through this book.
I think Philates is good exercise for a healthy body.
I cleaned my room and it comed a beautiful room.
Because I'm a Japanese, she maybe nurvous.
I'm ging to go to Tokyo on a school trip.
I went to Ajinomoto stadiam to dance.
Afeter the game I went to dinner with my friends.
``Katu curry`` made by my father
My father cooked curry with ``Katu``.
``Katu`` is a fried pork cutlet coated with breadcrumbs.
It is verry delicious!
I want to meke curry like father does.
I'm really sllepy right now!!
I'm going to visit Hawai in May
I'm going to visit Hawai in May.
I quit my job two manths ago.
Therefore, I guess our company recognized her skill and actual achivement and offered an extention.
This test has 200 questions. (100 is Listning section and 100 is Reading section)
Yesterday, I had a sore thoroat and a cold.
This morning, I felt much better and refleshed.
My Japanese teacher gave me many articles and asked me to thanslate them into Chinese.
And I have some words and sentences that I don't disunderstanded.
You can view updates about the earthquke in Japan from the URL below.
today my cousins and I went to ``wuxue`` to gaher peaches
I think that his is earier than mine!!!
I am not the only person to have suffered from a cough, running norse, sore throat and general bad feelings.
There is a cold circulating aound this area, isn't there?
My yonger brother turned 20 years old and he will go to the Coming of Age Ceremony next January.
My English skill is inferior to this skill of ohter students of my university.
and I practice the guiter by myself.
I love music and listen to vorious kinds of it.
I don't know that I can contenew to write on this site untill then, because I'm not good at English and I sometimese negrect it's studies.
I not noly learned a lot from the work but also made a lot of good friends.
My favolite singers areYUKI, RADWIMPS, and Jason Mraz.
this afteroon, my boss told us to work during srping festival.
This mornnig I had a seminar on the Department of Foreign Trade instead of working in the office.
The main point for this saminar is document export.
Ryoma lived in the Meiji Rra in Japan.
convenient: My house is located in a convinient place.
wrods.
When I was in a high school, I studied a few subject that I wasn't particularly a fan of, but it was compulsery.
I'd been thinking that I would have found a way possibly to hacket it and get myself video games on there
Becouse, I don't like vegetable.
I am not sure if this site is based upon some applications such as joomla, drupal, or develped independantly...
The first book I read this yers was ``Water for Elephants`` by Sara Gruen.
Time flew by so quikly, during this time, many of them have gotten married.
I met Iidabasji in Tokyo.
I'll try dinner at Iidabashu from now on!
She said ``The doctor told me not able to have an operation, so treate with irradiation``
I really want to improve my English writting skills.
In addition, this also aplly to onomatoponia.
And I think this is true for other launguages.
What kind of education have foreign people had? (especaially in their primary school days)
Althought we do have some good sightseeing places such as a great view of the shore, and clear atomosphered mountains. Not many visitors visit our city due to poor transportation.
To promote our town's good areas, I would like to be a tuor guide so visitors can come and know our town's good points.
I would like to be a tuor guide not only for job but also for my own benefit.
I don't have somthing to wirte.
But I don't have somthing to wirte.
The most important topic for me is their daily schedual.
My farst diary. please revise my sentence
But, if I have been playing sports, the pein eases up.
Cuz's boring.
American, British, Eest courst, West courst, etc
A journalist asked his Japanese colleuage
But I don't have enough vocaburary to speak fluently.
Their pronuctiation are so clear and not fast.
My pronunciation isn't your bussiness!
Thanks Lang-8 and my correcters.
I can't stop writting them easily.
What I want to write is that I want to speak ``Diseny movie's English``
I am a high scool first-year student.
My scool is located in Saitama in Japan.
But my scool is in a country.
My faverite writers are Miyuki Myabe and Hiro Arikawa.
Spring vacation starts from tommorow.
I love travle, music, sports, writing and so
Yesteday night my father told me that he wants me to be a solider while I'm at college.
When I was young I thought that soliders should be the greatest and kindest men in the world, and my dream was to become a solider when I grew up.
But for now, I have to think about my future. Maybe being a solideris would not be me, for I'm a college student and it's an imortant time for me to learn skills to adapt the social world. If I enter the army, I might not be able to learn as much as I would like.
That's really a big problem now; I think I won't be able to fall aslep tonight.
When we met Shirley and Brianna after haveng had dinner with Shinae, we needed another ticker for Lucas.
Shirley and Brianna worried about me and gave me some advice about being an excahnge student in missisipi.
Therefore when you vaccinate, you have to consider the timing of each vaccinattion.
Perhaps you have problems when you are writtin in Spanish because you don't know about the accent rules!
I also watched ``Lost`` which is an american TV series.
I want to be a taranslater!
Now I'm studying English to be a translater.
I have some questions about& nbsp; the sitcome Friends
You can enjoy beautiful sights there, for example, World herritage Sites (Have you ever heard of Kinkaku or Ginkaku?), and colored leaves in mountains, fresh air, and things like that.
demand-Our teacher demanded that we have to finish the report whihin a week.
I have to put up with the noise the fireworks make evey beginning of the year.
Do earthquakes somethimes occur in your country?
Why do you think people attend college or univeristy?
The specialites of those majors are that students can learn a lot of informations that are required for jobs during the college curriculum.
Thus, I believe that people attend college or univeristy to prepare for occupasion.
It is just what I thought after waching movies and television.
According the show, now foreigners don't come to Japan so many sightseeng spots have few visitors.
Gift shops, hotels, and any other companies that serve visiters can't do bussiness as before the earthquack, tsunami, and powerplant problems.
Don't worry about comming to Japan.
29th April to 8th May are holidays called ``gorlden week``.
I could not communicate with classmates fruently...
Writing a daily note on this site is my first step to achive my goal.
Japan became the chammpion of Asia.
! Conglaturation!
I wuold like to know the contidion, payment period and etc.
I wuold be interested to get all this information.
Thursday: I'll have a test about grammer in French and a test about the constitution of Japan.
He invented the altermating current (AC), wireless, X-ray, the Tesla coil, Radar, the Tesla turbine, Ratio-control underwater robot, etc.
He could even rip the Earth into two parts by using his little osciilator.
Nikola Tesla is too greate.
I have been studying ``Desktation`` lesson, but I can hardly hear the computer's voice
pretty hard XD), it would be very helpfull if some of you native English speakers out there, could give me a hand.
I like to play guitar (ibanez gio jeje), I play a lot of Super Street Fighter 4 on my brother's Playstation 3 and I consider myself to be a geek '' wannabe '' because of the nature of the carrer I have chosen (it's IT based engineering).
I'm so dipressed.
African American people passing by threw a plastic bottle at me, I lost my luggage the first day, and many people in Ohio mistook me for a gay boy because Japanese are more fasionable than others.
It is an incredible souvenior for me.
And, I will give you a souvenior.
It's also a chance to get red developes hehe.
I went to the Garden Museum in Megro Tokyo last weekend.
I registerd to lang-8 because I am hoping to make progress with my English.
I have much/ a lot of infomation about this because I'm living in Japan!
I bought a book written by Kenzabro Oe, and another one about decoding about Kant `s pilosophy.
In each contries, I had a very pleasurable time.
However, I didn't speak English well and I missed opptunities to interact with people. (redundant)
The hotel, where I went with my family to take a hot spring over 10 years ago, has already been turned into a luxuary hotel.
Faced with an unknow future, I feel a little nervous.
Here are two good chinese noodle shops that Sugi recomended.
Dangerous abstruction
I think I remembered abou 200 words in these 2 weeks.
There are many meido cafes in Akihabra, Japan.
Everybody was suprised that the US president, Barack Obama, recieved the Nobel Peace Prize because he had not shown any results yet.
Fruit, vegetables, milk, chiken, and ingredients for a pasta dish like anchovy, dried tomatoes and dried mushrooms.
So to enjyo the videotape, which I purchesed long time ago,
My choice yeaterday was TENDON.
My story hs been recommended to the chief editor!
I was still tired, even though I slept loger.
This is just one of the things that make me ttired)
Most of the offices are closed satuaday and Sunday.
I feel their music is associated with southern rock like Lynyrd Skynyrd, even though ther are young.
But inJapan his blond hair, blue eyes and English are his superpowers, blinding womene who would normally never give him a second look.
Today, my freind asked me about that.
But my freind was not sure what the teacher said.
Then I asked the same question to my daugter (she is 7years old,) and she answerd me, ``Criss cross apple sauce,`` Wow!
I tansefer the fee in the convinience store today, so the day I can get it is probably Thursday.
It is difficult to move in parfect darkness.
I was surprized athow fragrant the wine in the darkness is.
That's a strange feeling to unexplain.
My frist diary
I hope I will continus to write diaries in English, so my English can advencement.
hi everone
My Chinese is good, if you want to stady Chinese, I can help you.
I come from China, and now I live in Japan as an exchang
But I tried to write somthing as fast as possible even though it is short or borring.
True story-A white horse jumped over a tower and landed on a priest who immediately dissapeared from the landscape, Where did this take place?
I was alonein the kitchin.
She was smilling.
Petersburg it's difficult to cope with such wheather.
I don't know his nik--he said it's private.
It is because I can't dry my laundly well and go swimming.
Anyway, I hope that I can take 1 week of summer vacation and go on a trip to Melacca (OR Melaka) in Malaysia.
So I pulled out of the conpetition.
In this highly attuned state, the Buddha saw a way to escape the inevitable cycle of old age, sickness and deat.
Taylor was a mechanical thechnician in America.
He was calld the father of scientific management, and he laied the groundwork of modern business administration.
American management was develped by businesmen and management consultants, while on the other hand, German management was developed by a professor.
Japan adopted the German management system befor the war, but it later began adopting the American management system after the war.
Apple uses the American management system, of cource.
Today, I went to see a performence of comic dialogue, hip-pop& Jake Camp, of which all the actors were born after the 1980's.
The sentences, phrases and words are filled with his affection for children and nature and he expresses himself so beautifully that I was filled with romantic feelings and was able to imagine each secen clearly.
On long vacations, she gose to foreign countries.
Exsample ``eingang``-enterance, ``ausgang``-exit.
Casio's are more expensive than other manumacturer's, but its quality is better than others.
But the keybord made by with rubber matelial that has no click feeling, that I don't like this.
To summerize, we humans used to hunt and gather food.
The Side Effect of Our Generation in the compiting Society.
This may be the side effect of the rough competiting society we are in now.
Many people simply think that failuers are lazy and they just don't want to work.
In general, failuers, defined that way by society, lack many things that successful peopledo n't.
In this harsh environement, to keep with the idea of equality, I am recalling something someone once said to me.
It's good for relacks and sleep.
So, the recomend time to drink Camomile tea is before you go to bed.
Over two weeks, we've studied 'Hiragana' and 'gatakana', which are like Japanese alpabets.
I've already found it really hard but I studied the things we worked on in class today for two hours by myself and if I study Japanese continually, I believe that one day I will be albe to write a diary on here in Japanese and be able to speak it!
Every word is pronounced to improve your listenig and pronunciation, and for memorizing, you can learn by three ways, first, by choosing the correct answer out of the three Japanese meanings, second, from three English spellings, finally, choosing the alphabets for the correct English spelling.
I'm happy to find such a usefle (?) SNS.
but I've never found a sutable website or space to improve my writing skill.
I was born in Xi 'an which is widely known as one of the oldest cities around the world, as many as 13 dynesties chose Xi' an as the capital city, which maks me proud.
Just several decades ago, rivers were completely availiable for swimming and fishing.
Now if I am qualified to change one thing here, I would love to chang the enviroment here.
Xi 'an had experienced a really rapid industrial development during last 30 years. People's meterial demand have been highly satisfied.
Nowadays, when people don't have to worry about their livelihood, they unanimously find the enviroment here is much worse than they have imagined.
We have extremly hot summer, unbearable winter, dusty spring and gloomy autumn.
Currently if we keep doing this, undoubtfully this city will be turned into a place where no longer suitable for people to live, sequntially economic achievements will vanish into the air.
Once I'm fortunate enough to be qualified to change enviroment here, shutting unefficient factories, pouring money into improving air and water quality, vigorously encouraging enviroment conservative companies, cultivating enviromental conscience among youngsters will firstly be done.
I knew thier host family has some problems, like they never clearn their rooms, host mother doesn't work, doesn't pay for the bills, and she asked themfor some money to buy food, and so on.
I hope they will have new fost family soon, they should be more energic, otherwise they might suffer a loss.
But today at dinner, she praised the cake, whtch I made, she asked me did I make this cake?
6 Please send the report to the directors, and they will deak with it
You have to do something youself.
Bagk problem
Japan has been tackling an unprecidented tripple desaster; erathquake, tunami, and nuclear radiation leakage.
So, I was very dispointed.
Since I want you to know more avout Japan than you do now, I will post two movies about Japan.
I hope I have collegues soon.
I have no confidense in speaking and writing in English.
I didn't know/ realize that starting kindergerten required so much preparation.
All of the things handmade by her, exept the lunch box!
Actualy, she is a skilled/ talented lady and is good at sewing and cooking, but when she doues it for her daughter, suddenly she becames a perfectionist and this causes her to suffer.
Pleased to meeet you
I'm from Japane:)
I am poor at Engrish.
My senior left the comany.
We had a party in a Chinese Restraurant.
I like this cultre.
I tried to rememeber what I ate yesterday.
I figured out that is was motshnabe that made me smell bad. Motshnabe is a famous food in the Fukuoka prefucture and is made with a lot of garlic.
Even though it is clear that writing grammertically correct sentences is very difficult, it's necessary to communicate freely in English.
yesterday (18th) was my birthday so many friends sen me conglaturatory messages, and my father bought me a chocolate cake.
I searched a dictionary too much times and had difficult tranlating my idea from Korean into English sentences.
Isn't it difficult to understand what this sentense means?
4 years ago, I was suprized to hear a phone call of about the twin's news.
I am a docter.
I got a haidache when we came home.
B: That's why I always keep my eyes and ears opening for other oppotunities.
I wrote down this dialouge as I listened, from an Englsh-speaking radio program.
After eating breakfirst I saw the movie 'Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring'.
Today we talked about his developement plan for the coming year.
He reminds me of when I was a new employee, and I hope he wii work very hard and be happy at his job.
I want to eat something that my mather makes.
It turns out that wizards like Ron and Hermione, who are Harry's best friends, are everywhere throuout the world, not just in the UK.
That kind of terrible feeling is too complicated to be descriced in words.
However, after crying, I calmed down and began to thik it over.
The Sminor's subject was '' How to be Popular ''!!
Correction and/ or better writting expressions are required!! (6)
Moreover, I could connect to the internet for free via wireless connection, which allowed me to search for the latest research developped in the world.
My faher missed my kids.
I told my classmate that my teacher told me not to hand in letters again because I already handed in a lot of them and got verry good grades on them.
Thank you for visitting my page today.
so I was planning to go to high school of America after I guraduated junior high school.
'Cause I felt that English is too defficult for me.
Hollo everyone, nice to meet you!
I've got a working holliday visa, and I'll go to hokkaidou, Japan next month.
Because I was be able to know about theier countries and languages.
It is so woderful!!!!
It's such a cute site and it's really a surpise for me!
Today I received a notification that rich ricognised me as a friend on lang-8.
I mean, I hope someone could corect my bad English.
Before the Tohoku earthquake and the Pacific Rim tsunami happened, I owned it. But after the radiation leak from the atomic power plants in Hukushima happened, I bought a special umbrella. Because I must not get the umbrella wet with rain that contains radiation from the nuclear plants.
I hope thet I go to Matushima and Miyajima someday.
It's like when visiting a Japanese restaurant in Eurrope. The foods there tastes like Japanese food, but there's always be somthing that holds me back from calling it 'Japanese food'.
Maybe it's because the ingredients are not really the same even when I'm following the exact recipe from a website or a cook-book. Onions available in Japane are not the same as the ones in (from) Spain, of-course.
My dishes are surely paella in a sence as recipe-book saids so.
Am I making sence?)
nowdays I only sleep.
The writher (author) of this book is dead.
One cold winter day, she arraived in London with her father.
There was servant named Beckey in the school.
I'd like to go to the UK to study Englad Cluture.
Their music and the bar's atomosphere was amazing! But I missed the last train...
I want to soleve environmental problems all over the world.
Actually Kobe was an arban city and had beautiful scenery.
I wanted to breathe in crean air and see a lot of beautiful nature.
Fortunatly I have known and experisenced the beauty of nature.
I want to change this situation and save the futures of the chirdren of& nbsp; Vietman.
I want to save youand your chirdren's earth.
If opportunites arise, please help us.
There are many young people who went to Tokyo from theire country for theire stadies in college, theire work, theire big dreams, or just theire longing for the big city.
My goal of learing English is to be able to use English without difficulty to communicate with people around the world with different cultural backgrounds.
I enjoy Univercity life everyday!
There is English class in my univercity everyday.
I wanted to study english when I entered a univercity so I'm very happy.
A way for us to help eachother other
Some of them looked at the business hours sign but didn't cathc the small words on the top saying they were closed.
Since the begininng of the semester, all my concentration was on her.
It's very hard to descripte her looks (or appearance).
I heard this movie wasmade by the director of ``Harry Poter``!
Concerning the scale, it wasn't great as ``Harry Poter``.
He couldn't overlook that I seemed to have changed my identity and lost my pride in beeing Japanese.
So neext day, I had my hair cut really short, and dyed it black.
Beyond that, I could only tell him ``Thank you for everyghing, everyghing you have given me.`` And I left his house with saying ``See you later``.
So I decided to try to take more oppotunities to tell my friedns, my jouniors and you who is reading my diary, what I learned until now.
I should never disgrace his honor.
I like Japanese cartoons, novels, riding on a byscle, hiking and snowboarding.
One of my classmates from college already got married last year. I feel a little surprised becase it's only been two years since graduation and it's possible that their finacial condition is not good enough for raising a family.
But maybe my thinking is wrong. Each couple that decides to marry has probably already thought it through to have finaly made such a hard decision. After getting married, they might have many problems that before could not have been imagined. Sometimes it will be difficult to get through it, but if two people love each other enough, they will finally solve the problem.
But everytime time this thought comes to my mind, I realize I would do just the same thing as them.
I found a nice restrant.
I orded a poached salmon salad.
I said ``Wow!`` I was so excieting.
but I am just courious about it ^_ ^
I'm going to attend some trainning courses on human resources so that I can enhance my competitiveness.
All women were to wear black doress and men were to wear black& white attire, so it was a very goreous atmosphere!
(Additionaly the company staff gave each guest a mini chocorate fondue machine.)
The main ivent was lacky draw!!
While I didn't get it, I got a travel chicket and a desital camera!
To be honest, I can't espress clearly what it is that I expect.
We need expectation in our life, without expectation life will become broing, without expectation life will have a lack of motivation.
I believe that when learing a lanuage, listening skills are required before you can speak it.
You may see great improvementy in your English abilities.
Is it a diary? Ya, I should menton something about myself!
I had a little confidence in my ability, so it's really regretable that I can't take that job.
Chelly Blossoms are so beautiful.
She couldn't speak Japanese when she came to Japan 5 years ago but now it is diffirence.
Going out into the world and earning money is a neccesary part of being an adult.
It's the third time they are lucky becouse they wiped up 2004 and 2010.
These adult-only images may cause sadistic impluse which are definitly not suitable for teenagers.
I cannot remeber words which are too long.
This is because she fell from her bike and hitted her head on the concreat and she
Because she had hitted her head, she didn't understand me.
Since I need to use my English for my job, and my boss scolds me about my poor English oftenly.
I watched Transformers on TV, washed clothes, ate maccha icesreem, and masterXXXted, lol joking.
I wanna (want to) try to learn englisch on this site:) It will be bettore for me if somebody give me a title so I can write another post.
I feel a little nevers, but I think what I should do now is to make myself prettier, that will give me confidence.
Furthermore, I will introduce our culture to you if you have any interest in Korean cultuers.
I hope we can becaom a good friends.
Have a nice weeken!!
The weather is pretty unusal. It's hot in the daytime but very cool in the nighttime. But I liked it though.
I realy wanted to buy new clothes!!
My current aim is acquiring a MBA degree at a foeign University in Japan, for example Mcgill and Bond.
I want to do business grobally, I think.
Thinking in the posivetive way, most my time will go to studying and activities.
Should I get married and have a family, raise a child or find happinese in my daily life as my friends look so happy
I am in a dillema.
I'm not relaxed yet, but I am writing in my dialy because I have some free time.
I retired early at the age of 56 after 33 year's as an electlic engneer.
Since then I have beem studying English at an ISS school, an English school in Japan.
and prepare dfor the next appointment.
Kuta beach is famous for beginer surfers.
I am beginer surfer, However, when I went to Kuta beach to surf, the waves were too big!
Her mather-in-law and husband were very worried about the effects of nuclear radiation on the baby, so she came to her husband's parents 'house in Osaka with her baby.
However, she feels unconfortable staying with her mother-in-law every day even though her mother-in-law is very kind.
I heard that the best way to learn Enlish is to keep a daiary in English.
So, I will keep a daiary here.
For that reasone, I want to learn English and make a lot of progress with it!!
I stopped studyng English when I started working.
It still concernd me for 10 years,
because my company is planning to do bisiness in the Asian market.
I heard that homestay family is very important to improve Enlgish.
I have started stading English recently.
Today, I worked at my part-time job and afterwards, I went to the beauty salon and went to a book store to seach for information about Taiwan.
kimch party
The kimch his mother made was very delicious.
I wanted to eat many dishes he made with that kimch, but I couldn't eat them because I got drunk yesterday and got a hangover. (T_ T;
I can change my image, and look betther than bofore.
I went to the nigth shift, I got up at 7p. m.
Becaue of my nuesing job, I have to do this (-_-) zzz
I was unstoptable with my friends 'advice.
I don't know perfume well, but I think Europian have a better sence for perfume than Japanese people.
It becaue our noses are flat?
My cousin's hasband's ancestor was a Viking!
I want to stady English more and more.
So, I want to have a strong hert.
* Collor:
There are yellow, green even purple (?) tomatos which look like green peppers and they did not tast sweet.
I liked tomato honey very much it smelled like tomatos and tast mild.
What is the difference between ``anytime`` and ``whenerver`` and, ``anything`` and ``whatever``?
>> Please ask me (anyting or whatever) you want if you have questions.
The downard spiral has continued this year.
When it was about eleven o 'clock, I went to the canteen and enjoyed myn lunch.
We were supposed to have some kind of debate on multi-national-corparation, as either a supporter or an opponent.
Our teacher was a bit embarrassed so he sometimes helpt us to get to the point.
I felt terribly bored and tired so I didn't listen to the teacher ao lot.
My knowleadge of English is very weak.
Becuse we had no classes today.
So now, I found it's harder and harder to expess myself in English.
My mom said, during the summer holiday, you can get woork and at work you communicate with peopel in English as much as possible which is why I should try to improve my English! Which I think will be a nice experience.
skillful peopel, I ranked 4th in the end! Very excited, isn't it?
We orderd one corses which included some meat, fish, the other stuff.
The story was too complecated to understand for children.
I don `t think these are synonims, but I can` t feel in what situation which word I should use
I want to express my thoughts in English better, make less mistakes and get more training, because experiense is the main thing in learning languages and other deals, I think.
This town has three absolutely beatiful beaches.
It was a rainny day.
The United States is the most interesting countly, because it has produced a lot of Internet services that have changed the world.
Ability, the States and Internte; ability, the States and Internte,
Yesterday, I also didn't understand English well, so I want to implove my English.
These days, I'm studying for TOIEC test. So, I would like to leare a lot of English grammar and get a good score.
Thanks moongaze, for your corrections while I was alway.
Our 95-year-old mother had spent a day at a local day service senter.
Very delisious!
I coudn't climb it but it was beautiful.
I'm especiaiiy worried about reading.
I'm searching for the most effective way to buld up my vocabulary.
while reading, if you encouner an unknown word, you guess the meaning and read ahead.
Even if you don't fully understand it, it doesn't matter becasue you will see the word somewhere else in a different context.
With this way, you have to look up in the dicitionary every time you encounter an unknown word.
They can't read anything without a dictionary because they are begginers.
last but not least, you should carefully pick what to read for your vocabulry buliding.
Why did my professor decide to schedule it tomorow? I can't understand.
I think some couples had troubles from the decition.
Tomorrow, I am going to meet up with my frends.
The jogging trail was around the Shiemen Resorvior.
That is, I always become sleeply after I hear the alarm clock ring, and I lay back in my bed again.
Somebody let me know about this tracky thing!!!!!!!!
I was so up with reading wrapped up in a book and listening to music at full blast that I didn't recognise the Asian girl sitting next to me, her face coverd with bad [rotten?] eggs.
I want to give them a real roasting if this situation happens agian!
Actually I briefly analyzed the scence of ``Le Papillon`` ~
The little gilr follows an aloof old man to look for an Isabella moth, a kind of moth more beautiful than a butterfly.
I moved to Isikawa prefecture, Mie prefecture and Nagoya city in Aichi prefecture on bussiness.
I took my second daughter to a pediatritian today.
She's caughing from a cold.
A Docter said this is not serious.
When it comes to getting old or becoming elderly, most people would avoid images, such as being lonly, or not being able to work the body or brain as before, and having fear of the near death everyday, but truly isn't getting old really a better thing than being young??
She is from China, (born in Beijin, nationality is Chinese.) but has lived in Japan for over 15 years.
But it's quite difficult now becasue I have a fracture in the right finger...:(
Let me intoroducf myself briefly.
Anyway my favorite thing is to watch dorama from the US.
Yesterday I happend to meet seven friends in a single day.
But It's [it was] rany today.
We went to a good restaurantm, and had a nice dinner.
We had not seen each ohter for such a long time.
73 years ago, the Japanese army killed about 300000 civilians in Ninjing, the city where I live now.
But what do we remember?__ Not ethnical enmity but the pain and stupidity of war.
I know in not only China but also Japan there are still many people who just remember the ethnical enmity.
Is that right to regard the enmity as parriotism?
I want to improve my English skill through Lnag-8
Now I am determinded to re-read it again, because of my
little nephew's reccommendation and advice which is actually what his teacher said.
This morning I checked 1 deail in a part of a drawing and 4 assembly drawings.
I felet a little fatigued and left my office.
Fristly, it's safer.
In a place where you're not familar, a friend is very important.
You never know what could happen to you if you're alone. If you travel with company, other people can help you righ away. Traveling alone is more dangerous than traveling with company.
If you travel alone whan you make a discovery, you might have no one to share with.
I'm a little nervours and confused...
Unfortunately, I'm a smoker and I don't want the Japanese government to increase the price of cigarret anytime soon.
NEW TEATHER
he looks like he hated the quiestion.
I understand that there are a lot of possobilities to find job, but it's an awful place to live.
We alked and takled a lot.
Jay zhou
These days when I listen to his songs again and by looking at his lyris, I
Some people thinks it is inconveniently when thay do it.
We have never won the cahampionship, so we want to win the championship.
I washed their gravestones and underwatered the flowers around the stones.
This is because I need to do some work for an academic subject, Educational psicology: Institutes and Their Groups.
or observing the birds, the fishes, and all the beatiful animals.
I make a cup of coffee every evermorning.
I saw acters, however, I fogot their names.
I feel so happy now when my friends who I knew on lang8 still remerber me and send me an email.
Practice writing and listning?
I went to see a doctor as soon as I felt the pain and was told that the mustle had a problem but would recover sooner or later.
Many people stop to ride motorbike in this seoson.
Although it's cold, mortorbike cheered up me!
According to an objecter of this strike, my proposed solution is in one important respect actually worse because it involves wrongly coercing all taxpayers, not merely the few military conscripts necessary to fighyt the war.
because my dad went to an expensive reestaurant with his collegues!!!!
I orderd a lot of meat, salad, rice, drinks, desserts and many other kind of things.
I hope that one day I can study my PhD in America and go sufring again in LA.
I hope this is not the beggining of rainy season.
I will go to ``Kenji Miyazawa's`` musium.
And delisious foods too.
Though I don't have many law classes, and my law classes are all about bussiness.
I can't have anything, including warter, but I already forgot this and I have had milk tea.
in KUMON school every Tursedays.
Boastiful talk
I talked about morals and imoral in English with my friends.
It was difficult for me, but now I feel realax;)
He was a quite a gentle Miniature Schnauzer and he gazed at us with his ltwinkle eyes from his cage.
It means ``doctor`` in Japanes.
But I can't write English vely well.
Momoko: Is it ture that there's no food to sell at supermarkets in Tokyo?
I sut down there and thought about my future.
But this year, I'll go to Yakushima, it's one of the Japan natsural heritage.
I'm a bigginer at singing English songs.
This afternoon, I will coach an elementary scholl baseball team.
If someone asks me: ``Do you like englishi?``
Because of my poor English skill, I understood only less than a quater of the English sessions.
I'm reading ``The Lord of the Rings`` in English. I finished reading Chapter 1. It is intersting but also difficult for me to understand the Enlgish.
Hello!!!! Everybady!
I used to be a system engieer, but I sometimes got a headache.
Today, I studied anceient Japanese culuture in Japanese History calss.
For example, in Nara, thre is a beautiful mountain called Miwa mountain.
I'm an elementary school teacher in South Korea, and I really want to speak english fruently.
I was given a cold sholder; (,
I have been off since Fryday, and spent most of the time at home making a precise itinerary for Italy and packing my luggeage.
For the time being, I can't study enoght English and can only use this PC at the lobby so I may be making a lot of mistakes. sorryyyyyyy.
That is to say, crane have a aupicious meaning for Japanese.
Learing French.
My teacher is Taiwanese, but she only speaks to us in French in order to make us adjuct to the speed and the accent of the French language.
I found that English and French are a little similar, like the spelling and some pronouciation, so while we are taking the class, we always guess what the word means according to our English ability.
Herering or listening
working student, studing at the art and
I enjoy thingking of new ways to improve
the life of people and make us human humanbeings
I want to try performing Rakugo in English, and tell people from overseas about the Japanese sense of humore in the near future!!
I'm going to go to Indonesia in next March, because of the transfer held by the a campany I work for.
I've already stadied English in high school.
Now I'm confused, since I'm studing the Indonesian language and English at the same time.
Because nowadays, Korean students and Japanese students tend to be totally separate according to thier own nationality groups.
Anyway, I have recoverd from this sickness.
Some place whithin my heart
It's like a shining diamon,
the diamon is still in the box,
I'm provably making some mistaks since I am ignorant about this site.
On the first day, I went to sea that is Kujukuri beach with my froends.
Actually, I was supposed to play volleyball before ber garden.
Summer vacation in this yaer was so much fun and very fulfill for me!!
who's gone aborad for about a month. (singular)
It is important to understand the cultural difference. For example, how people handle things as they are faced with difficulities.
I belive that we need to establish certain trustworthy relations for each other.
Did we put too much puressre on him?
Tomorrow I have an examination in English glamer.
gramer practice
This is a very valueble memory for me.
fortunately, a car my collague drove stopped and he/ she called me.
so I apoligized to my boss.
I'm currently enrolled in an English program in which I can talk to pollipinos who are students or graduates from the University of the phillipine.
Ok, well, I decided to write my weekly journal in English as the writting teacher ``recomended``.
Each member indroduce themselves.
The reasin why I havent `t used it is that I didnt` t know the system.
Well, I stated to play trumept about 10 years ago,,,, (so long...
It's probably because I broke up with my boyfreind, or because I am tired of my part time job.
I want to get a foreign boyfreind, so I can learn English from him.
I have nerver been in the company of foreigners, so lately I am attracted to them.
at first, we played games in order to develope our sense of team-work.
it is difficult to climb over it by oneself, so we firstly had two boys help the girls climb over it and then the boys helped each other to climb over, but there was still one boy left who had to climb over it hinself.
after the games, we had a babecue.
I love watching movies and learing languages so I will post it that relate with my interest later.
Today I was late to work again. I was 1 minture late.:D
Ahhh, I wish Santa will give me a new one on X-Xmans (Christmas).
Today we have a complusory course.
As I have missed it many times, I can't catch up with the teachear.
My friend vivted me and we went for a walk together today.
We sometimg had the same tea togeter and talked about our dreams.
Last week my younger daughter got high fevor, and her doctor said that she had the mumps and that she couldn't go kindergarten for about one week.
I took three days off, my hasband took one day, and my father visited my house three days driving for one hour to care for her.
I was goiing to eat a lot of strawberrys this morning.
I could watch it from the harvour bride, so it was spectacular!! (We'd been waiting for 8 hours to keep a good place)
They really don't care about the eenvironment.
And it's about the tragedic incident that occurred in 2005 in the Guard Post.
It is very cold todey, too.
I have to dress up [today?] becouse I have a party!
I'm so sadand and downhearted.
So I stady English by using a ``Nitendo DS``.
Father and I planed to go to my garden every Saterday morning.
We also plowed a new field, and scatterd a bag of the fertilizer in the feild.
Goodby, then.
However, there is a country that allowe kids to drink
Is the Japanese 20 year old leagal drinking age appropriate?
I am Nana from Japan, and I have lived in Engldand since this August. I will stay here another ten months.
I stdy English in England now, and I want to improve my English skills and I start to use here.
She especially liked some sungrasses and took some pictures while wearing them.// Them = Sunglasses.
We can buy various foods in Austraria.
Of cource, I can do it.
The purpose of my taking part in this site is to advance my skill of writting in English.
If there are any mistakes or strange explessions in my sentence, please correct them.
From mornig to midnight, I did experiments, and then went home the next day.
I am trying to make some software with my friends durling our spring vacation.
My team has 6 peaple.
But now, when I closed the book, ``The Autobiography of KFL`` I knew the truth taht the music was trying to tell me: MAKE A DIFFERECE.
writen by Robert Lee Frost
Today I found this poem by chance, then became inspired from it, so I qoute it here.
There are many chances to study Engish in Japan.
I almost never go out duaring the daytime, so I don't get used to the heat.
So I am thinking it would be more efficient if this company focusd on instilling love for the company in our minds.
I arrived the platform, and a train came, but I couldon't get on because of too many people.
Suspension does happen sometimes because we play much more than normal players, playingforover 36 hours with two different people might trigger theserver's auto suspension feature (automatic detection by blizzard's programming), so being suspended by botting doesn't mean we were botting, it means we aresuspected botting.
This company built many thermal plants and newclear facilities.
Only few elite can enter this comapany.
Fukushima newclear plant already belched a certain amount of radiation around there.
The main industroy of Fukushima prefecture is FARMING and FISHING.
Fishermen and farmers in the Tohoku discrict will definitely have to shut down their bisinesses.
Definitely it is because, the Japanese goverment will not be able to bulid newclear plants any more, and they will have to check existing newclear plants for a long time.
On top of that, foold costs/ the cost of food will be also rise.
The Japanees government must rebuild many destroyed infrustractures, of coures they can do it.
Tolong mengoreksi ya.
My mom is bustling around the rooms cleaning and doing the lundries.
The soothing sunlight comes through the window and cast itself on the floor of the room slightly blindind my eyes.
The due date is around Octorber.
It might be really funny when my mom can't speak English to comunicated with them
I had no idea there is such a good wbsite in the world where all language-learners can learn together and make progress.
I've been to quite a few places, especialy in Europe, but it's not enough yet.
I was surprised that there are so many people who are good at Japanese, and I am intrested in how this website works.
Excuce me.
I want to master the functions of Lang-8, and communicate with the menbers.
First, Merry Christmas to everybody! I'm very gald to take part in this network, but my English skills are weak.
Of cours we made an appointment and ate the delicious food.
It's quiet and comportable.
My cowoekers are really noce people
It was very difficlt for us to find the event.
I useually go to church on Sundays.
Yesteday I had a suevice at Syonai Ryokuchi Park.
varietaly of food which everybody brought.
Everyboday was enjoying the tennis and Laxros matches.
This park has a very nice cycling cource, so I was cycling there in
Though I like thrilling race but I prefer to watch more safty race.
It's a very hard job because I have to pay more attetion compared to other kinds of jobs.
It looks like a bistro and is not very formal, so I feel confortable.
The other day, I happened to find the answear that they eat ants.
Although I'd already known about the great wirter and his works,
It is almost same in China, and surprisingly some schools have taught English since their students entered school in urbun areas such as Beijing and Shanghai.
Japanese culture vol. 1 SHUSHI
Now SHUSI is a common word all over the world.
Various countries create their own SHUSI.
SHUSI with avocado was created in USA.
It was invented in the Edo priod, about 400 years ago, in Japan.
I will eat SHUSI tonaight.:)
But in autumn, the sounds of insects such as crikets, singing crikets or Japanese bell crikets, green tree crikets and so on are very nice.
I want to know about your idea about sounds of insects from meny people from many countries.
Finally, we are supposed to go to eat sweets at a caffe.
We are supposed to go separate at Sinjuku at 11pm after seeing her off.
But our family may be considered weird by our neighborhood.
Reallity.
but sadly it is reallity.
aaaaaaaaand I love wacthing the stars.
Maybe tommorrow it will continue to go on.
I heartly hope that some nuclear facilities that are now at the risk of exploding will safely settle down safely.
It's really nice city and the weither here is cool.
This is the first enrty of my diary.
I saw a video on YouTube about this site, and I tougth it would be fun, and a chance to improve my English and learn a little Japanese.
Because the recipe is too abviously wrong.
Of couse my Engilish skills were also part of the reason.
But, I heard by accident that she's been dating somenoe.
Lately, China's weathr has been very strange.
My hometown included: last week I never got out at all, because of the heavy rain! Once I went out to resterant to get lunch!
I can swim a short distance so I can't derrupted my prectise! So, I have a good idea, I can go to the swimming pool next to my home!
my mother and I went to the nearst swimming pool but it's really terrible, because the pool of water there is durty, I can see many small pieces of dirt in the water!
Japan is famous for its cortoon shows, such as Pokemon, Doraemon, and Dragonball Z.
In universities, it's a common phenonmenon for students to occupy seats.
Altgough some people hold different ideas about it, I think that each student should have equitale rights.
I need some to help me on my Elish skills.
He saied this place is a good way to learn english.
But ``twp`` is used in the English subtitles, and in the ``Internet Movie Dtabase`` website ``twp`` is also used.
Thanks for readding my diary!!
I understand this all depends on the exact amount of money. But even if it is just a hundread dollars, I'd suspect that my friend doesn't have the money to solve his problems by himself.
But insteed I saw ``Lie to me.`` I liked this movie very much, cause it was very interessting!) Maybe it's unrealistic, but I think it had a wonderful idee)
More than ten years ago, there was a broadcast on the news that the sinario writers of DQ and FF would collaborate together to make a RPG.
I saved money and bought that game which title was ``Crono Triger.``
It is said that Crono Triger is the best RPG in RPG histoly.
I ofen read a book in the coffee shop.
So the book holder is very usefull,
It was so usefll that I was impressed.
He anwsered that the most important thing is talking to/ with each other a lot.
But nobodey asked ``Why are you late?`` since they know about today's traffic jam.
Most of foreigners say that it tast good, too.
Coffee bean is more effecter than Coffee Mix when you are on a diet.
I'm so sleeply
Someone said his death was beacuse of this film.
We turned off all the lights in our dormitory then sat down alarmedly, arm in arm.
My husbannd said, ``I need a portable hard disk to fix it.``
Actually, he wanted it befor.
I'm writing my dialy from a mobile phone (cell phone), and I'm not using a dictionary.
Mass media must convey correct imformation.
If we believe wrong imformation
To everyone who wants to study the Japanese language, I'm very appreciative if you could review my English and revise as neccesary.
John Travolta and Denzel Wasington played the main characters in the movie.
The thif had stolen her motorbike.
These days English is getting less nessesary for me.
I can speak eazy English.
My teacher says ``if you don't know about Japanese tradission, language, culture etc, you won't be able to speak other langage``.
Many Japanese people don't know about their own contry.
After beginning his business, he overcame this tendensy.
And the nailist is very kind and funny.
Jacket potetos
I'm going to Shanghai this summer. I'm so excited because Shanhai is a big city and will have the Olympics. I may not go to olympics, but I am excited.
I think it makes a good conection with Asian countries.
But is the high housing price unusual, or is it a natural result of quantiative easing?
As one of my favorite teacher is my good friend, I asked him if I could take group lesson with my Skype friends and at the same time I asked my best Skype friends Zac and Mark if they could talk with me and my teachter.
and my philosophy in life is besed on my high school days.!
I want to listen to otehrs before they listen to me,
They take care of others before they take care of theirselves.
I want to have Jesus's heart, full of love and copassion.
I'm terrable.
What I'm going to say is just my experience and personal opnions,
So even if you can pass the Cambrige English examination, you have to work for a Japanese company at the beginning of living in a foreing country.
Of course there are some exeptions; some foreign companies want to get Japanese speakers.
There are some dishonest Japanese recruting agencies in Singapore and Hawaii.
I think you are a very careful person, so I don't think you are going to register with those disgusting recruting agencies.
As far as I know, there are some of those kinds of recruting agencies in each country, especially Hawaii.
Althoug some problems occur, I can learn from them.
Farthermore, traveling abroad alone improves my English ^ ^ Nobady can help conversations so I have to manage to speak English.
Anyway, it was tooo cold.
I learned from my friends that Lang8 can help my English progess and that someone would modify your post.
All children, especially boys like to pretend they are searching for ``big treature`` with their friends.
They were very upset about thier fimilies 'situation.
This map had information about an old pirate's treature.
The Goonies (name of their group) went searching for the treature to help their parents.
Becausu I changed my career to a foregin capital company,
What prcedure should I take/ follow if I want to join?
Today, I went to the New Field to have (take) my English speaking class. The class is tought by Robin, who is a funy English Teacher.
I'm very glad that I can totaly understand what Ronin has tought and have a lot of fun in class.
Going back to Japna
I need a lot of practice every day to get good at languaje.
My hometown's one are colord with red and white.
But the most popular one is colord with only white.
My precioous Michael
I love Michal Jackson.
His songe are very butifull to me.
I'm not sure why I was crying, but I couln't stop.
MIchal wishes is our wish, at least in his songs, and hopes our hope.
I dveloped a rash on my chest.
If a medical crinic were open, I would have gone to see a doctor.
I will go to see a doctor befor I go to my office.
A member of my gym, who is 25yeras old and very maccho, is traveling in Argentina now.
Traveling makes a man grow up, but he shouid never forget to run away at the approach of danger.
I wish we had Shilver Week every year.
Gensou shoujyo Taisen Kurenai
Even though I paid $ 600 for the schoo's internship progrram, they let me go to the Chinese company in Australia.
Of course, I asked my internship adviser before starting the proggram: ``Which language do they usually speak??``, He said: ``English.`` because I came to Austraria to study English.
I frequntly got around on foot in Japan in spite of the fact that I have
Unfortunatelly it was cloudy and windy. The heavy wind made the sea rough...
It took around 30 min from the pia to the diving point.
The boat rocked in the sea and it made us terribly shipsick...
To prevend it from getting worse, I watched the horizon...
I could feel a strong swell at the bottom of the sea at the serface.
It was enough to forget to seach for lobsters.
After the first diving, during the break on the boat, I got shipsick again.
One of my co-workers gave up the next dive because he was shipsick...
But the most important event is comming!
In 15 minites, I'll leave for my hometown to stay at MOM 'S home.
I keep on trying these steps until my shadowig for it is perfect.
It takes about five minites for one phrase.
I search for Englsih homepages about ``mushroom`` these thesedays.
It's very very interesting to read articles about mushroomig in other countries.
I am very tiard, because I did not sleep to prepare for the examinaion.
I'll do my best to conteniue.
Although I switch on a fan, I don `t turn on the air conditionar to conserve electricity.
I've reistered my name for Glastonbury.
Normally I get twenty-five thousant wons, but this year it is less than last year.
there's a charactor, Sharpay.
After that, I intoroduced myself for my new class.
She is a sponserd for Shiseido (A big cosmetic company in japan) if I remember right.
Now with my friends I live in a very nice house with a balkon and four rooms.
We only finished moving yesterday, because on Saturday soon after we arived we started an opening party.
I believe that through this, I could truly improve my speaking skill since those who introduced this way to me spkeak fluent English.
They've been telling me that it's hard for them to raise a baby in a foreign country without thier friends and family.
I felt a bit sad to hear that because I'm thier close friend but there was obviously nothing I could do for them.
Altough they have many friends in Japan, at some point they were seriously considering how to meet new people and how to make friends
I hope they will enjoy the rest of time they have in Japan and I want to make thier life here more enjoyable at least when I come visit them!
A famous middle-aged american actor, who went to Japan because of business, met a young, pretty american girl in a hotel, who came to Japan with her husband, who was a busy phographer.
When I watch a darama, I don't use subtitles.
When we into the bath nobady was there.
One was an insade bath and the other was an outsade bath.
I engoyed having a chat with my lang-8 friend in India last night.
Please read my dialy and correct my grammer.
Recently, every time my firend sees me, she always says 'Why do you look so tired everyday'.
I noticed that to study is better than nothing even if I faild the exam.
If I study hard, I don't mind the result even if I faild it.
I just wanted grumble and epress that I'm going to study from now on.
The misstaking was very important.
I `m very happy that I can count on somebody who knows about their language, and everything, beacuse they are British, or from other countries where Engish is the spoken language.
I hear that my grandma was dignosed with apoplexy because she hert herself carelessly.
I read a newspaper befor breakfast.
I always talk to friends on skyp every morning.
A lot of my friends tell me that I am nice, becouse my character is cheerful.
Because it RELLY HURT!
It's wandarful.
I'm looking forward to watch next 3D movie, Alice in the wondarland.
I found that I start to waste time since I got my admittion.
I stay up late and whatch tv or go online.
IIf there's E in front of the name of the soap opera, then you have to wait.
I cooced a handmade breakfast this morning for the first time in a while.
My wife and I will go to Jeju Island tommorow, and stay for 2 nights and 3 days.
I work in a constraction firm.
I was majoring in Architecture, but now I develop PC software to do business for emproyees only.
I can understand English and I can read it, but I'm not that good with wrighting or speaking.
Recently, I realize there are many similer words in English.
5) I'm wonderig if he gave a good presentation.
I'm listenning to Complicated by Avril Lavigne now!
Please let me konw the difference
If so, waht's the matter with it?
Then, I boil some water and drink it while streching out myself.
As a result, everyone enjoys a good chatith him.
It is my faivoraite type of rice cake.
I found this websaite URL
I presented a buquet of sweet peas to her.
I don't thik I am old.
High level colesterol can cause a stroke/ cholesterol level or something bad for our body.
a borling diary.
I like princess caracters, so I enjoyed so much.
I was tired so I wantted to sleep, but I couldn't.
Driving lisence in NY
A driving lisence is mandatory in US.
Even though it is convenient enough, most poeple tend to apply for a driving lisence.
That's because the lisence is also useful as an identification.
I am now proceeding to get a driving lisence.
After school, I decieded to play basketball. I liked playing it very much. I was confident in the game. My tiredness was unable to keep me away from my love for basketball.
jioned in the game.
I said to myself, 'Whatever happend, I must maintain my composure and keep a strong heart'.
Happy New Year, eveyone!!
Do you think that honour is poplular nowadays or did it become old-fashioned?
My healty plan 2!
The main TV companies and many of the other broadcasters just think about how to protect their priviledge.
TEPCO, the company which operates the nuclear power plant, the excutives of which are accused on TV daily.
But on TV we are not told the much omre inportant thing-that the head of TEPCO went to China with people who used to be excutives of the Japanese TV companies.
I cannot belive him.
What is broadcasted about the nucear power plant problem overseas?
so I must improve my English wirtting ability to adapt to the new job as soon as possible.
It is not very nice to wathch, but
My condoleances to everyone.
P. S.: Due to these abnormal weather phenomena (lately), do you belive that 2012 really exists?
Also, I saw the sunset over the river while walkiking and it was really beautiful.
Now I can hear birds voice, and see a clear sky, a beautiful sunset and leaves changing the collor almost everyday.
I take an English leeson once every week.
I like to talk with my English teacher but I can't speak in long sentense.
I should increase the time I spend speaking English or I should find another excercise for that.
In the thrid lesson we had English presentations.
I was very nourvus!!
My first langage is Japanese.
If you have a ploblem with Japanese, I will answer your questions!!
Sincce there is no way I can wake up so early in the morning, I refused her right away.
In spite of that, I hurried to researve a shuttle service for her.
Books or th internet?
In the afternoon, I was browsing magagines in the bookshop.
Even though it hasn't been chenged in recent years...
As soon as I came home, I registerd.
At that time I thougt that I might die.
everthing is him...
My teacher sang a song which the tytle was ``Linda Linda``.
He was such a sppirited person who made us very exciting!
One thing that I was not quite happy about was that I couldn't see tha contest of female dress!
I can remenber running around the surpermarket.
I'm an university student who is studying meteorology right now and I'll graudate soon in March 2011.
I must go to chorus practice untill ten o 'clock today, but I I could not wake up early this morning!!
So far, my weekness is ``articles`` and ``plurals``.
Finally, school uniforms develop inner individualty and creativity.
I live in Indonesia, but sometimes I travel to Australia for holiday. I like living in Australia because there no polution like in Jakarta, Indonesia.
The worker expained it very well and was very kind.
With drink, we exchang infrmation....
When I heard a Podcast from Los Angeles the teacher who lives there and teaches English for non native English speakers in the world ansewred a question; what sound do you love.
His answere was it would heve to be the sound of the garage door closing when my wife comes home.
You know, it's a little troublesome because again I have to downroad the lost memory it used to have before.* sigh*
The dichotomy that is common of postcolonial literatire, and that's the dichotomy between a sence of homecoming and exile.
harm: Honey bees won't harm people if they don't do anythig to them.
I suggested that we had better go to see an ophthalmologist first in case there is a more severe promble that we didn't know about.
Uopas!
The fee is very expensive even though the isurance will cover it.
Futhermore, today was a kind of an anniversarry for me.
2 months passed, when I started going to her house regurally.
England is ok, but the problem in Spain is the [ir] league.
There is grammer in Japanese, of course.
I can speak Japanese but I understand all of the grammers.
SO, I plan to study from basic grammer to high-level grammer.
First of all, I will look for grammer book.
I think English grammer is very deep...
Also, aother person was stoned by native children when he was riding a bike, and my friends have experienced unwanted sexual conduct from their home-stay familly and proffeser.
Before, I took ESL (English second language); then, some Maxican insisted ``the native don't trust us because the policeman often stops us.``
When wii you do it if you do not do it now?
We had also listened some litlle stories from my dad's CD (a CD that come together with a book from his English class), then we listen on the car radio and translate to portuguese to see who got what the story was wanted to say!!
I am having trouble writnig my self-introduction in English.
I was very shocked by the news that Japan had a disaster, I couldn't belieave it happend in my country.
As a person who is taking care of chinldren, I am realy worried about mothers who are protecting their children without heating and water for drinking in stricken area.
It's autumn but I'm lokking forward to the coming of& nbsp; spring.
What is your favorite character on Dragonboll?
The clerk was kind enough to fix my galsses and wash it free of charge.
Looking at the big picture, the disease was nessesary to me.
I am a narse.
What is more, even if I have an adea about work, I can't make them understand my opinion precisely.
I'm going to Vietnam for a month during the summer for a kind of pratical training.
I believe it will be an unforgetable and useful experience!
I was surprized to hear that.
Aithough I never gave up studying business English.
execise is necessary in life.
I felt that this is a very usefull way to study English, so I decided to use it.
Yesterdar, it was around 40 Celsius.
This week I choose French as my sendary foreign language for next semester to learn.
The title is ``Nostalghia``.
Your body tries to chage your brain conditions.
I thought it was a funny idea XD ~ If I have that one, I will always wonder where my cat is or imagine where he came frome?
Actually I perfer dogs than cats, but since my sister adopted our cat I just started to see its adorable part!
-the image I had of the movie was formed from all the gossip I havd heard.
I want to snowbord!
But it's fun to snowbording.
Is being a student with bachelar degree enough?
I lent him the money that was in my poket.
and I thout about ``I want to go to abroad!!``
Last night was so benefitical.
I have to wait untill Monday.
There are many assiments and drafts in my USB.
I got a litte enegy back by looking at the dog's picture shown above:)
I have to tell an embarresing or a horror story this Thursday.
introduce yurself
To me, it's important to learn new things that can broden one's mental vision.
I'd love to challge things that are especially too hard/ difficult.
nowdays HANRA has extended its business overseas.
when I worked odd jobs at construction site, I felt it was worthwhile after completing a constructure.
Actually, doing extracurricular activities doesn't diturb our studies if we make full use of our time.
So I suggest that studens do extracurricular activities along with their academic studies.
My friend has homework too, but he is listening to music while resting his legs on my sholder:D I am not a masochist.
This site was recomended to me by my philsopher professor.
I must more carefull to not set a fire.
unfortunetely, I have an apointment.
even if I have an apointment, why it is unlucky for me.
Because, that apointment is having a class, which mean I have to attend my class.
I dont want to reconize.
And I checked mixi some times; Japanese SNS servise like facebook or MySpace.
Please check my writing and coment on me.
I went to a pablic bath with my son.
There are verious types of baths inside and outside of the facility.
Hopfully, I will improve my of English& japaness here.
One of them illusrated a peaiod when I was in primary school and traveled with my classmates in the park of Prince bay.
It seems that I can learn a lot fron here! (-:
And aslo, I hope I can make friends here.
It's my first wrighting.
Is this the right choice, chaning to a totally diffrerent area?
I have benn working for four years so it was natural I felt bored with my previous job, but won't my new job seem just as much boring to me after another four years of work?
If so, what is the meaning of change? continure to change to a third one?
I really don't konw what I should do now.
so they recentry came to Japan on May.
This is my frist dairy.
I have a boder Collie.
A memeber of the club taught me how to throw a disc.
and fust.
The bord of education in Japan prohibits a normal book store from selling school textbooks.
Now I can't write a proper English compositon.
I almost forgot the basic but important grammer.
The things I want to say all trun into Japanese.
I talked with a native speaker for about 2 hours starting from 7: 00 (englis is only 1 hour.
I will talk with a philipino person for an hour.
My passtime
I took a job as a baristar.
He also told me that I should reveal my talent little by little, while showing respect to my seinior.
Some of the his work is heart-hartwarming and some have strong messages.
Sometimes I talk to my frined who I love in my mind.
But I got 6 parking tickets including a handycapped parking ticket.
It was totally my fault about the handycapped parking ticket.
I know that I should not park in the handycapped parking areas under any conditions.
I don't know why I always have a intendency to doubt myself.
Toyota has continuously developed besed on strong trust.
But now, the company has been losting its strong trust.
Losing troust may collapse even a gigantic company.
I've been studing English in Austraria since last february in order
Children who chose to wear a Dnjiri's costume joined the celebration.
I will go to watch the Dnjiri again today.
I think that I shoud learn English.
Because, English is so difficalt for me.
The Blak Eye
And for women it's kind of an important facter that
Usually we ask our dates how old thay are before we start
S if Americans look at me, thay might see me as 20-year-old or so.
With the magic wings of imagination, we can take our tedious mind off to another world easily so that we have the chance to get away from the ouside world for a while.
Snow-coverd
My collegues in our Dept.
She was good to us and to a certain excent she would side with me and even take responsibility if we got into trouble.
Usually we would talk at lunch time and share what was happening in our daily lives. I don't remember when she stopped having lunch with us, giving us the lamn excuse that ``she is on a diet now``,
The firtst diary
I'm at a loss to write a daiary in ENGLISH.
I'm working at a trainning center with volunteers who are going to help developing countries.
First, everyone is devided into several groups and each group is given an envelop.
Every group finds defferent materials in theire envelop.
for example, I went to Victria Peak, Tsim Sha Tsui, Jordan, and so on.
Victria Peak was especially beautiful.
Pet Industory In Japan
I'm going to travel to lots of places and take nice pitures.
How SonyEricsson Xperia Ray hits the spot with me is that Ray drives an Android OS and features a great a camera that outperformances moderate DC.
I have nothing to write down anymore because I'm exhousted and I'm starving now!
I made plans to tavel.
My favorite topics are Electric Music (Techno, Electronica, Breakbeats... incrude composing), Web Design (HTML, CSS, jQuery, Flash + ActionScript), Social Problems (international and domestic), Environmental Problems.
And some people say it is bacause of beautiful weather in June.
I have a little rabit.
I belive she could be a famous football palyer.
We ete, drank, chatted, and watched a litte.
I used to be a kind of a shoppingholic when I was in my country.
I just gor a job interview invition.
Am I uncorrect?
So, today I bought the same novel translated into japanses...
This makes me very tired anf disappointed in myself.
abou me
I need to ues English and Japanese to watch tv, read comics and goa world tour.
Before I do something, I prepare for it thouroughly.
At least during that time, I cleanse my mind and repress impuritious thoughts that hinder my concentratation.
And that careful but timid attitude fills my mind of impuritious thoughts, and eventually hinders my ability to be honest with myself.
It is not so diffecult for me to develop an iPhone application. iPhone applications must be developed in Object-C.
But I like yoghrut.
It is very convinient for us to go anywhere.
Today, I renewaled my driver's license at the police station.
If I go to Oseaan vocational school, about I will study about Mariene life
Dolphins are very dute.
If I can earn the mony, I will buy tropical goldfish.
The Change of The Trend of Chaina's Population
I was very nervous, but I'm happy to explan it well.
Susi bar
Before visiting the zoo, I had been especially looking forward to seeing capybaras because Capibaras have been very popular in Japan and I heard they look unique and cute.
I have come here to lear more english
For my writing is very bad; I need to develop my grammaire and fixe my
I think I can develope my sentences here and lear more vocabulary
I was togheter with it.
when I did my assinments, I talked with my friend...
I think the best coffee has good memories rather than good meterials.
I went to englisg school after work.
In this class, there usually isn't a teaher but I had a good lesson.
First, I visited the waterfoll.
I'm studing corean words now because I have an examination.
I have my own plan for this year and I will do my best to complete my plan and I wish everyone can fulfish their own plans too.
But suddenly thier lifestyle changed as soon as thier husbands finised working.
Thier husbands stay at home from the morning till night with their wives.
I must (talk with my) English (tercher).
today I fonud a website that is useful. I don't want to write too much today because I have an exam coming up.
well she said, no one would like to get paid cheaper than 30 dollers.
I appreciate that you encourged me with a prophecy.
This sign is hot-tempered, full of energy and likes to do dangerous things, the reson may be that it's effected by mars.
Taurus is a sign affected by Venus, so the sign liks beautiful things and eating wonderful food but is inflexible.
Gemini is a dual-personality sign, quite different from Aaurus. It is flexible, knows much but is not deep and cannot keep promises.
Libra is a sign which is banlance and undecided, but charming.
She said thet the Chinese are not as diligent than before.
Today I rode my bike around the street, suddently a car bumped into a dog, but no one stopped to help the dog.
What a strang world, what cold people.
I wanna know if it's common to say the fisrt way in British English, like they doin AE.....
I also know that there is the Ryder Cup golf tournment held each year between the U.
Because when you tell a white lie, it just gets you away in that situtation.
I want to use the term ``over my daed body``.
I don't kow how to use that in a sutiation.
Secondly, my university's summer vacation is so long that I can do many things: travelling, voranteer, studying and so on.
What sall we do?
They were very crowded dispite the rainy day.
I just watched a moive in the new theater instead.
And I want to know whether you understand somthing about this article after reading my reflection paper.
Myabe he likes Japanese foods.
My old foreigners friend told me I couldn't use chopsticks well so I need a sppon.
Eventually, I thought of soneone.
Later on during high school I enjoyed the subject 'Korean morden history' from the Joseon era to present time.
Even though I'm not good at Korean history, I used to get good grades in Korean morden history.
They resisted not only by force, but also by writting poems, novels, etc. (I especially like the? resistive? poem)
They were not afraid of death and some patriots sacrificed themselves for their contry.
Tisson is a very kind guy.
We are staying in the hotel with fully booked accomodations so we will not be bored.
My Asknowledgements to Geoff Cutter
Why do people belive a lie and refuse to belive the truth?
Jhon Watson is soooooo adroable ~! But they have only three episodes for this year:((Damn!
I serched her song, ``Love Story`` on Youtube and listened to it as soon as I could
By the way, thanks to the people who correct my dialy entries, though I don't know
how to return the favor...
Is this a matter of bad habbit or can it be changed easily?
They have thier own schedules already.
The mysterious Victorian age, the insrutable Brontes.
Sushi is dericious.
We orderd a lot of dericious dishes.
Evidently, I picked it up unconciously when I was living in Oregon possively from my host mother.
Walking on a Tightrope in Rio de Janairo
I like it sice I was a kid.
It is very butiful and syiny.
By the way, What's your recommend misical?
I really happy-my new home is very beatiful.
According to the news, a young woman said to some parents with a baby in front of a kidstuff store,
I'd like to study more and I'd like to applicate it at my job.
I hate crowded places, If I stay there for too long, I get a headach.
Beside there were no gasorin and toilet paper as well.
I like intelligent and thoughtfull people.
Today my son finished primary school. (Is it called elementary school in the USA?) The whole family is happy for him. He is a wonderful student. He won first place in the knowledge competetition and his averange was 9. 8.
I think I am not a good sutdent
I like the chalenge, but sometimes I feel frustrated.
I hope you correct me if it's necesary.
Recently, I feel so sleelpy while woking, especially after lunch.
I was like, ``Nah, bitch, just goofing around I reckon, but I am stil trying to find my way, bro.
He was like, ``none taken, what do you take me for, asshoel, but if you don't mind, let me give you a piece of advice, get real, be realistic, you always told us that you like reading and learning, so do you wanna be a translator or just a literature geek?
but let me ask you a god damn question, we, people are never gonna make it 100 years, we don't live forever, so I just stick to my fuckin motto and faith, what if I got diagonsed with leukaeemia next week and was informed that I only have 6 months to live, then what the fuck would the money and fame and working at a major company mean to you? ``
I desided not to tell her my feelings anymore.
Today I had class with our foreigh teacher again.
He tought us enlish culture.
I'd thought I would go to work where my ex-collegue recommended me after Spring festival.
I think what I need to do is to think over what I want (to do) and insiste on that.
Recentry, many NPO/ NGO organizations have given us explanations as tohow our donation cansave children ofdeveloped countries.
But it is unconvinient to use for their financial men.
But they can't help orher children, for example not help diarrhea children.
I'll go to the studiam next month to watch the national team play.
I'm weak from dringking to much alcohol.
We went to bar the day before yesterday (Thirsday), we stayed there until midnight. I think it was 3 o 'clock.
However, I felt I am not as yonger as I expected.
Kathy, the narrator, talks about her childfood, which was very different from ordinary people's.
They don't know anythig about their parents.
New vocabulary plactice.
I said I will serve you dinner immidiately because one of the gests looked so hungly.
I can't speak Engligh well.
and report korean's air traffic plan.
So we have to know those facts why we were born in this world and why we came to this earth nd after we should die.
But I'm not the person who always gives in when facing difficuty.
I left Starbacks and I'm at a another cafe now.
In the afternoon, I took a special class. A former JAL (Japan air line) cabin attendant came to lecture us, so we had to wear formal sui in this class.
We went to a bar (our seacret place).
Everyone crunk there too but I couldn't because I felt sleepy.
He said it was very high quority.
I found an Englsh book for learning last night.
There was a wider space than usual between the plathome and the train, maybe 60 to 80cm.
I think that it is very dangerous to walk through plathomes during commuter hours both morning and evening.
Today I'll watch ``Madame Butterfly`` and ``The secret of the Himeji catsle``.
I like the amerian drama Prison Break.
Although this software is not free, it costs only 2000 yen to downlaod.
It was wanderfull!!
Today is my dahghter's birthday.
I went fiching.
The fish swom away,
but I held onot the line.
So I said goodbay to the fish very quickly and left as fast as I could!!
, I spend most of my time studing and reading.
The complaints are endless, because the lift broke down continiously. Many students and teachers were trapped in it.
I'm so luckly to live near an idustrical area named ``Zhong Guan Cun.``
A porn film previals in Hongkong
Less than 40 days now. The exam is (right) around the cornor.
I would like to thank the person who will come to clloect my grammer.
I correct the diaries written in Japanse by other people.
I should correct them to help the peaple who are trying to learn Japanese.
I might thach wrong
so I have to use dictionaly not only for English but also Japanese!!
It's easy to find the journal wihch is really great.
I can even find Japanese journals that are writen
I regard that my little knowlege of Japanese disqualifies me to be Japanese.
Thay won't seem to attract my client.
Thay are terrible.
In order to understand scientific language, as examples, nominalization and abstraction are needed to be introduced.
After the break in the afternoon, we have the subject ``sport`` but I went home beacuse I don't like sports.
Of course, Eglish is required three other sports.
I have to finght for that ~ ~ ~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
sinse sentense structure is quite different.
My porpose!
My Porpose!
Let me explain. I'm an englineer.
Why do I have to stduy English?
I have to know a lot of imformation.
If I studied English everyday, I would be a good englineer.
It's hard to get up early in the monrning.
finaly, I get up at 7: 00am.
Why didn't I get up early in the monring?
For example, I put a pellow under her head.
Today the Japanese Government annonced the measures to solve their economic problems.
Tonight it's awfully humid and boilding hot.
Love ur mother-toughe and being proud of it!
But right now I'm studying English to be a translater.
Today I went to a gym used by Ammerican elemntary school students.
I am staying at the Hyatt Regendy Waikiki today.
I'd like to learn English in order to write and read articles of sience.
I was always proud of my healty.
weather tommorow.
Yaki-soba is fried noodle, with suace.
The first hour of class was 'marth'.
It's difficult for me to study marth.
it came as a surprise that I answered: For expriencing!
well, I can exprience life in hell then, can `t I?:P
Being alive I can exprience a lot of things.
but I dont think I need to worry about how much time I have, instead, how much I can exprience:D
come on, let's exprience the amazing world:D
My son had his 6th birthday and I called him from Sibiria to Israel and asked him what he wanted me to buy him...
There are a lot of attractive stores like clothing stores, cake shops, bakarys and cafes.
Yesterday I bought a big armond scone at a bakely.
This device's circuit board was converd by a synthetic resin which caused the problem.
I warmed it and maneged to remove most of it but I couldn't take it away completely.
I love his artistic temparament.
We're gonna meet at our favorite reataurants.
Someone gave me a bag of poteto chips.
about 3 times bigger than usueal.
My friend's dicision.
Kanojo wa tomodachi to gakkou e aruku imasu.
Boku ha skka-wo shite imasu
This is the first time it is showcased, since the Heian Piriod.
That is why I was suprised to find so much trash today.
Children are givin too much free time? Task4
Nowadays, some people might concern that children are givin too much free time.
From my point of view, when they are givin too much free time by school, they may spend more time on surfing the internet, playing computer games or watching TV, moreover, will probably do something which is not allowed under their age without a guardian.
It maybe not a good idea either, it will make studies become boring and tiring, yet the extra presures givin were not necessary.
In my opinion about children's free time, I beleive school is a good environment where student start their socail life and team work, including vairety of studying.
However, when they are out of school, they also should arrage their free time wisely to do other recreational activities instead of an axtra school work.
I was asked about my hometown by other syudents who were in the class.
I wish I could speak English a littel better.
Hi, everyone. Nice to meet you. This is my first visit to this website. My English is poor, so pls help me and I will appresite it. I can speak fluent standard Chinese. I want to practice oral English. I want to make frend with all of you. So welcome to China. I think you will love this great coutry. I love her.
After the rain, I opened the windou and took a deep breath.
I came downstairs to take a walk and enjoyed my free/ spare/ leasure time.
Once a week I take a tango lesseon.
When I close my eyes and just move my body with the tango rythem,
I'm jealuos of him.
I need to accostume my ears to English sounds and pronunciation, although I know the BBC is probably too...
Somebody said it is usefull, but up to now I haven't had an English audio version of a book.
Moreover, he got/ became angrier and louder while I explained that they were all just my abandoned exprimental materials.
These materials are my painstaking effort, so I can't discurd them on time (?), but it didn't matter (?).
Sunday is a regular practicing date for my ballteam.
No matter what ever you want to play, you should make sure you have enough warm up activities, such like Sretching, jogging or others.
Prevation is better than cure.
I had explaned to her that food builds the body (water also) but she didn't follow my advise
I am really poor at grammer and tenses.
The sadiest part of this story is the fact that this story realy happend with the autor.
He described the one part of his life, when he had maden a few mistakes, and lost his dear sister.
Today I wached a movie.
The movie title is ``Alice In Wonderland``. I wached the animated movie in my childfood.
There are many deferencies between the animated version, and live action version.
This morning class, our teacher made us do an activity, that is to draw your partner's picture and discribe your partner, everybody can't draw well, so everyone's picture are like kingarden's picture, but it's funny.
First, I much prefer trying on the clothes, shoes, or accessaries myself to check their sizes, textures or material, fit and so on.
Maybe I'm not a person who is suited to living in a modernized and technologized focused society.
I want to chane myself first of all.
Recently, I decided to save my maney, because I used a lot of money last month.
Of course, to think on an accrual basis, I spent over 200 yen because it includes rent of my apartment house, lighting and heating wxpenses, and water rate for today's cost.
I tried to avoid getting sicker by eating good food, resting, and continuing to go to the gym to excersise, but nothing worked for me.
I'm not Santa clause, difinetely.
My major was litarature, so once I wanted to be a writer.
This is a story of a proffesor named Morrie.
He has a fatal deasease and a student in his last class wrote this book.
Although I haven't read it thourugh, it is a wonderful book, and can't read withtout some tissues.
For us students, every summer and winter vacation, it's a big problem to buy tickets to go back home from distans unicercity.
In my view, to stop this situation from becoming worse, we should never buy tickets from train ticket scalpers, since everyone has a responsabilty to make a harmonious society.
if you have a skype jsut add me
So I will wake up and see the moutain and sunrise together in the morning, drink beer, listen the music and dance with Mt.
I wanted to know if this story is true or ont.
He is 8 years old and lives in South Indea with his family.
I don't want to go on a sllurge.
I coudn't help meeting another guy!
(or I coudn't help but meet another guy; or I had no choice but to meet another guy)
If the raiin had started sooner, I wouldn't have been able to have my lesson.
I'm going to continue writting about the Assimil course.
``If you are a studend, you will show a better school record or
April 18th was a special day which was my college's 50th Annirersary Celebration.
I started Lang-8 because my myfriend recommended this site.
This is fisrt time I've utilized lang-8 for my studies.
I have frineds who can speak in English, but they are not my teachers.
Well, in case you don't know this movie before, here's the introduction from wekipedia URL
You can translate the titile into ``My House`` in English.
If you want to get an idea of what a Japanes family is like, you may find this manga helpful.
So I am studing English because I want to be freinds with a lot of people.
It's very bearutiful not only when it blooms but also when it falls.
Now, we are planing to have a enterrainment show at college.
Then I want to present the ikonography of the altarpiece, focusing upon the biblical narration, and then I will mention some features of this work.
The next part will be about the history of recherch and dating.
This presentation is about a triptych called the 'John the Babtist altarpiece'.
The example in Berlin is so simular to the 'John the Baptist' altar in Frankfurt that a long discussion has taken place as to which is the original.
These three pictures show the most important incidents from John the Bapist's life.
On the first panel you can see a describtion of the birth, and naming of John the Baptist.
The middle panal shows the baptism of Christ.
The last panal is about the beheading of John the Baptist.
These three paintings are supplimented by a detailed illustration of miniatures in a gothic arch, which funtions as frame for the pictures.
Can a quater, a 25 cent coin, change one's fate?
Also, I talked with my chiness friend in skype.
When I arrinved at my house, it was time for dinner.
I think that I rode the bycycle for 1 and hulf hours.
It is also sometimes hard to tell my feelings with foregner.
In my old memory, I think I had to prepare a photograh
I was not abusy today.
According to myth, when she knew that her mother was pregnant by an unknown father, she was ungry and called his four hundred brothers and sisters. She wanted to kill his mother (her name is Coatlicue), in this moment Huitzilopochtli (God of the war) was born; he was born armed like a warrior!
I was very suprised!
Sweet Potate
Do you know sweet potate?
A large mumber of companies are obtaining funding by mortgaging their cars and other assets at pawnshops.
The customs procedure takes 3 hours and will be conducted in a cooled warehouse, which will help a lot in summar to keep food/ produce fresh.
The Koreai government is preparing to manage it successfully.
Secndly, it's very short sighted thinking.
I think they can contribute to cultural variaty as time goes by.
Having the agenda of neo-liberalism, they just genally increase repressie measures.
I got payed lesser than the low limitted wage.
Bazil, thyme, lettuce and tomate are in the picture.
Umbelievable...
My star-sign is Tauras.
I think reflexology is helpful to recover from surgery, so I suggested to har to get reflexology treatment.
Japanese people in japanese rooms usually sit down at kotats during (the) winter season.
I felt that someone may think that we are superior to the labors from other countries.
Many univarsal students are free, however people in my circle, univ-coop (university coop), will be very busy.
My hobbie at this moment
Becouse this needlework thing doesn't bring any benefits or money.
(yes, I sleep with a fox Johan, gigle!
Because it is a bad habbit.
When I have handmade work, I can relax from conserns and immerse myself.
I went to Kyoto this spring vcation by myself.
My favorite shrine is the Kifne shrine.
Kifne was built to honor a god of water.
Why does this sentence above use 'has basketball', not 'baskball has'?
Yet, the symphony of spring project the comfy atomospher today.
Then, the Sugarecanes are milling milled to make brown sugar.
I came to pick my guest up from the airport, but the fligh was delayed by twenty five minutes.
I feel worried about studying Engrish.
Are they correct sentencs below?
* Elderly people's share of medical expenses has incresed this year.
I'm told when women are in menopause, they are more nervouse and fickle than before. <<NOT ALL
studying about Gandhi is complex and difficult for me, so I don't feel like reading his aoutobiography (the textbook)....
This is the fierst time I have come abroad, and my English skills are not good, so I can't communicate with native people in Seattle well.
Japan AIRLINES (JAL) dicided to stop the flight!!
But JAL dicided to stop the flight from Japan to Bali yesterday.
Two of them were Haruki Murakami's ``nejimakidori kuronikuru (The Wind-Up Bird Chlonicle)``.
I found my journas was corrected when I came home after my job!
MY SPEACIAL DAY
and I do not konw what I should do...
this is my first daire entry.
Although it is very exciiting and I 'm looking forward to gouing, I am worried about one thing: the temperature.
Actualluy this is the biggest preblem for me.
For instance, to reduce of the fee of electric energy, some companies develop inventions that storages solar energy.
I'm still wtiting my grade thesis.
I always dream of travleling to other countries, seeing other people, smelling other soil.
We made chiken with sause and did homework together.
asa watashi ha gakkou de benkyou shita.
yoro watashi ha hataraku shita.
Car wash to Jollibee to Greenwich de hataraku shimashita.
So, I decided to doze off again after waking up early, it was not a good idea, bcuz it led me to wake up at 7: 15am, if I did not prepare quckly, I would have been late to work!
I am not going to a travel with Ke, bcuz it's too expensive for us, but we will host a BBQ party at his home, with his family...
Lost My Entry Aouthorization Certificate
Today, the olympic games starterd in Canada.
Sometimes, we are in a beatiful place, but do not realise it and we want to go away, yet there are many people from other places who want to visit
A mile is equal to 1. 6 kilometars.
However, I'm worried about the jewelry I buythatis same price as aticket, so it might be crap and if it is, I'm not sure if Ishouldbuy such a fakepiece jewelry.
maybe, I must workinghard harder.
I'm wathing a Harr Potter movie on TV.
It `s been rainning day after day for so long.
Some day, I am determined to study English until I speak flently, before I grow old.
Is it because we are introse that we are not good at chatting with people?
We test-ran 800 mitters today.
I really don't understand myself for falling in love oftenly and I had been depressed for every girl I met.
I think I desire too much compared to nomal guys...
I'm pretty exicted about reading these books.
I believe the ploblem of stress in the workplace is not being dealt with sufficiently.
We should address the problem of stress in the workplace poisitively.
I like Tayolr Swift!
Next mounth.
Foreingers who are living in Japan for several years probably feel that ``they are discriminating against us``.
The reason why I write is that foreiners are very rare in Japan.
Even I always gazed when I saw foreiners in Japan.
vist?
working? ``,`` Oh, foreingers, very rare! ```` Why did they decide to come to Japan?, this country is very far from their own ``,`` Can they perhaps speak English perfectly? ```` Are they good at any kind of sports? ``,`` Are they Europeans or Americans or Australians? ``.
I played on the body bord, which is an ocean sport.
I like the sense of humor, the affectionatly designed characters and most of all the kind of story telling.
Expecially the way the complete backstory of the central character, Mr.
After the game Okada, who is the coach of the Japanese team, asked the chariman of the Japanese football asotiantion (?) if he can continue being their coach.
Neverthless the coach loses confidence in managing the team.
Recentry, I got a laptop computer.
It was hard but we had a goot time until the tournament.
(I love these kinds of moives.)
I want to write a dialy
But I want to write a dialy in English.
Today I wrote a repote in class.
The repote above requires more than 2500 words.
Because Japanese is usually pronouced in the order of consonant + vowel + consonat + vowel I suppose the mistakes which my daughter makes would be typical to Japanese babies.
He finished studing abroad at Kagoshima University, Japan.
In many circumstances, the Japanese people who need to speak English for their jobs are white-color workers.
From yesterday to today, it was snoing too much.
As a saying gose, good maners equals a good future.
Fortheremore, the day when everyone builds up good manners, is the day when we will be able to enjoy our lives better.
nThere is no reason to not have good manners.
Yesterday, I played the guitar with my friend in my house aftrer school.
Yesterday, my hunband went fishing and brought back many fishes for me.
Summer vacation is drawing nere.
At first, I tought I would be able to eat them up easily.
So I wantde to throw the instant noodle away.
However I tought it would be ``mottainai``, so I couldn't throw it away.
My friend recommened this site.
Today, my cliant invited me to dinner.
I've been busy for preparing my induvisial presentation recently.
We often exchange letters or souvenirs with this system and also aften talk using/ with the company's extension.
Who are your recommended singger?
Finally, dress boiled pasta in this sause!
Check my aticle and correct it.
Though, even if the grammar is acceptable, chang the expressions if are not used currently,
DinBo's home is in a big town, and it takes a long time to pass through a/ dark forset.
Just when he walked quickly and quickly, someone/ obsturcted him by/ caught his cloth.
Because I was busy yesterday, I couldn't wrrite a diary.
Why did ``Avator`` loose so many oscars despite the best performance in this year?
Today is the last day of 2010. I have been a graduate for almost 6 months. althought the job of forgein trade is very busy, I always try my hardest to make progress.
The biggest problem is my English. Sometimes I feel affraid to speak to forgein custome.
I could go whereever I want.
A friend of mine said that it was disappointing because the 3D glasses detracted from the color and blightness of the film.
I'm not being critical or sarcastic, and I usually don't care about which restaurant has a terrible survice or which staff. is rude
Actually, he missunderstood my address maybe due to my bad Korean pronunciation, but he was neaby so I told him the correct adress.
Then he just said, 'I saw the map but I coundn't find your house, so I returned to my store.
Thus I dicided to tell them how to meke tofu,
It is a very challengable and interesting attenpt.
but, it was enough to take away all the sultre weather from this morning.
However, it focuses on one Daimyo (Hideaki) so much, that the story is not undestandable.
When I visited the class, the sore throat had gone, and I had only a naisal voice.
Steve 'apple-head' Joves is really cool. ``
Finaly, there are many kinds of games that require using my body.
Today is my frist son Mark's birthday.
l was galded my son was happy.
I am distressted.
Hi! Today was clody, so I sat at home and watched a tv show. I also listened to music and drew in 3D program (solid works). In the future I would like to work as a programmer. I'm studying metalurgy these days...
I'm friendy so if you write to me, we can have a conversation;)
I do need a normal English name because I don't want my forign friends feel strange when they call me Pengfei or Fei.
I think Christpher Nolan is a very smart movie director.
Everyone, Laos is wonderful, beautiful and kindful country.
If you are too tired in your life, I recommen that you visit Laos confidently.
For example, a German shepherd dressed as the police, and his owner dressed as a prizoner.
And there was a mummy dog and a witch (the owner), and a hotdog dog and mastard.
However, when I looked at the unit carefully, I found that it says KJ, not calory.
I can read English to some extent because I have been learning English for more than 10 years, from junior high school to university, but I have not practiced writing, listening to and speeking English.
They aseked me, ``Did you buy it in Mexico?`` I said, ``No, I bought it in Korea.``
Japanese peoples like rulers lines (A. K. A Excel junkiy)
I think one of the reason is the history of word processer use in Japan for the past 20 years
I have to remember some Italian languge for my job.
I read an article about lady Godiva, you know, the simbol and the namesake of the famouse chocolate maker.
It's a shame that the legend was not what really happend, but I don't think the fact that it's not true will diminish the attractiveness of the story.
I don 'tthinkI 've fully understood why the company chose her as a simbol despite of the statement on their website,' He (The chocoratier) sought a name that embodied the timeless qualities of passion, style, sensuality and modern boldness '.
And many women had Hakama (Kimono), it was very beatiful.
I can't stop drinking coffee, although I don't feel slppy.
I always drink over 3 cups of coffee a day, but I learned that drinking too much coffee is not good for helth
All of their music is vey cool.
I'm embarrased because I can't speak English as well as trasnlate it into Japanese.
I thoght that it would be used for business entertainment.
Anyway, Our team entered a competion last Satuaday.
It's a very small competion with only four beginer-level teams.
But we were not good enoght to win.
But I'm really releved that it did not hurt so much.
I had a great time; I feel like I'm in Paradice!
I will be able to have Paradice time in February too.
You would say this word when one is expecting you to do too much for them, when someone is relying on you a lot and you are annoyed or ungry about it.
hahah!!
Tonight, I will watch the Chun Wan and the firewoeks show, which is always fantastic for us, the Chinese.
'iCarly' is a sitcom in which Carly and her frineds make thier own web show called 'iCarly'.
I am jearous of a woman.
I have exam on monday in akorean. I hope be first in my class.
last noon, my boyfriend ate greasy back shrimp, at 4pm, he had a stomachcahe, he was vomiting and had diarrhea, he felt uncomfortable.
It is hard for me to walk araound TDL& TDS all the day!!
My hasband and I have been married for 5 years.
This Wednesday, I went to Ikebukuro in Japna afer work.
Nearly every applicant to universitis is required to take this Examination.
I heard about this service from one of my coleagues.
I hope that I can develope my English and also make many new friends on this site!
Telling The program is about other TV programs I like, USA or UK drams, for exsample.
And soon the Chiniese language will be very popular.
But here, on Lang-8, many people want to know Japaniese.
Their music is not cool), Maximum the hormon.....
It's a bus tuar to go to amuzement park and find a Mr.
Usually, it is more unformal than arranged marriage.
So I think you shoud use a website that is aimed at specific groups, for example, a website of climing, cooking, and whatnot.
The soothing breeze is trying to evaporate the moisture of lundries hung on clothes poles by my mother.
Ocassionally, some birds zoom past before my very eyes.
Where does your family usually go for a aummer holiday?
So, I strated my motorcycle and went out without a raincoat or umbrella.
About 10 seconds later, the raindrops suddenlly became large and heavy.
This pic can ammure you in the late 70s USA, a life where you have no one to control you and every right to violate [what?]!
I think we can deal with the problem using proper methods that enable us to dispose of the waste matter and make the emvironment clean.
At first, she wanted to learn acting from the actor, but gradully they developed a relationship which is like father-daughter and lovers.
However, all the projects aren't always successful because some of them are led by the initiative of developed countries with little concern and understanding for the local gevernments and people.
Santa Claus who wears a red hat and red clothing bives very kind children gifts.
We (do things like) watch a movie, have dinner at a very romatic restaurant, or exchage gifts.
I found Mos burger bearby my home!
Cuz it's very quiet and few peaple are here.
Before 7pm a crowd of peaple are often here.
I quess they are univercity students especially.
Writing english on this site is also learing..
He likes Power Rangers, Masked Rider and UrtraMans.
My English is at the basic or pre-intermiddiate level.
And I made it a habbit to memorize what native speakers corrected.
What do you recomend for me to do?
However my throat is still not crear.
I went to the Tanglewood Music Festival with my collegue last Saturday.
I listened to the open reharsal, the prelude concert, and the main concert.
However, the understanding of the cecessity of the procedure does not seem to grow.
Please correct my Enligh, for any mistakes.
What Souhld I do to solve the problem?
I was sweating becouse today was hot and the event was held outside.
It was kind of a sence of fullment.
One of my woman freind suddenly said,
certanly foreigners don't care about small matters.
But I think I shuoud be more self assertive,
I got up arond 11: 11am today.
Is it at the shore of an ocean/ at the ocean shore or the appartment on a high floor in a skyscraper?
Ordeal of the Eentrance Examination in Japan
In Japan, we call the system the ``escalator method``, which measn once you get on an escalator you can arrive at the destination automatically.
A recently discovered species of a frog fish, has been dubbed the ``Psychedelica fish`` because of the beige and peach zebra-stripes that run from its blue eyes to its tail.
Using its lower fins, the Psychedelica fish expels water from tiny gill openings to jet itself forward.
Psychedelica has a gelatiness body covered with thick walls of skin that protect it from sharp edged coarals.
On purpose I'm not stating which one is the best because if I did that, it would be easily jammed with trafic.
It gives us a lot information about books, movies, caffee, acters etc..
When he was going out, suddenly it was begning to rain.
``Shall I lend you an unbrella?``
I'll come here on some rainny day to return this. ``
``Regular holiday is Wednessday but we do business only on rainny days``
I had maken some mistakes, usingthe previous method I used to support him at home.
Beacuse of my
foreginers.
go abord to see the world when I have the ability.
beginnig of the loss, I thought it was my bad luck.
It was ture.
It is crowdy in Sydney.
Yes, when I met her the first time, I was somehow confidet this would happen
please check sentense
Now one of my favorite airtists is Drake.
I found this website on a discuss borad and it seems interesting.
My first dialy is about my new PC.
And access high spped Internet.
I pick out the best shop to buy it, however the shp had no stock.
Yestoday, when I walked out my office, I saw a lot of crows.
I never saw a crow before until yestoday.
STEP4 Hilight the ideas from step three that I believe are true, or could be true, in certain situations.
Atfter the coffe was ready, I put a filter paper on my cup and poured the coffee into my cup.
Actually, my father-in-law's brithday is 15.
Can you believe that the temparature is higher than our body temparature?
I can't understand what happend.
Plese let me teach thank you.
I was pazzled by his English.
It seems that it is the 5th biggest earthquate sinth 1900.
it is late to make a centense in my mind.
I got so exausted but this experience brought me a sense of fulfillment and new friends.
To write a diary in Enlish or Chinese once a week.
It is a reason to laern English and Chinese.
The city of Munster decided to ban cars within the city and use bycycles instead.
The suspicion of match fixing in the chinease football league storms the nation.
Last Sep. 2, the second devision soccer team Qingdao had a match against Sichuan.
The Chinease football association initiated the investigation but these past three years, the rumor about match fixing is going around in China.
Recently it's been insainly hectic and I can't review my entries.
look beatiful
There were two things that happend this weekend.
Second, My parents had a serious arguement which surprised us since my father (split the water?) and broke all the things in front of him.
I really don't like the way that he communicates his anger everytime.
Next we taiked in park.
Suddnly my friend said: Toshiya, you doesn't go back because train left a few minuts ago.
Yuta lived nere here and he is very kind so he stayed me.
Then he changed the dign so I helped him.
If he has a trable, I'm going to help him.
I like to trabel (especially to foriegn countries)
I'd like to explain the Himeji catsle.
The shape remains us a white heron flapping its wings, so It is called ``Shiresagi jyo`` as a nickname.
people who I can share things with, have a conversation with, and make a realationship with.
Recently, I have been lucky enough to meet many friendly, special neightbors at the dorm.
I already met one kind neightbor who didn't mind spending more than three hours in my room fixing my computer.
It's not that long ago since he moved, but unfortunaely, he said yesterday that he'd be leaving to Japan for his business
In my opinion, we don't need to be strong and parfect to
fish, why not examzin yourself, okay! It is not too late.
So, I am writting a diary!
So I always practice writing, readig, listening, and particularly speaking.
I ate some foods but the Garmany sausage and Toppoki from South Korea were the most delicious.
foriegn ppl think it is too hot.
First of all, take Vitamins and iron continously.
I could like it, but if I don't go into an accademical career or the specialisation of hospital pharmacy, working at a pharmacy might be unsatisfactory and it woud n't allow me to have different experiences and to ``build`` a personal career.
I am a very energetic person and I am able to keep dicipline. Energetic sounds more natural
I love readnig, so I love book shops.
In addition, they looks like some pictuers or marks.
When it is someone's birthday, we always make presents by outself.
there was an earthquate.
I didn't know whether I sould run out the restroom.
When I was thinking that, the earthquate had finished.
Today when I took a break and search the internet, I found that there were really a lot of peple speaking highly of this film.
becuase it runs well.
This Thursday, I ate so many diffrent Poccky.
Also, Wedneseday, I went to a bar, for ``Okinawa dining``.
Today I tried to expline that Mt.
I want to make my son a prefessor.
They are my favorit.
We drank alchole in the sea house.
I was so narvous...
It 'a joke, but anyway we enjoied fishing.
met my clessmate and made new friends who are Arabic.
I'll be very busy from April, but I'm excited for the new life, and I feel anxious a lttle bit at the same time.
I'll be a sutudents, so I'll have many sutudent discount.
Thogh all of my friends laugh when I showed them the picutures.
This is a technical and amazin invention.
My vacation days are nearly over, so I tought it was a good time to get some wind.
Everyone applaused sincerely and cheered joyfully for them.
Althoough I've had a few relationships before, none of them I really wanted.
Yesterday, I went to an English leston.
Duriong a group discusion, a question came up: Could you live without electicity?
Someone sade that he would commit suiside, but I think maybe I could live better without computers or the internet or tv.
Without these things, I could walk out of my room and talk to realy peoply.
The answere is ``public servent``.
Now I am listening Macros Flontier and working.
We are supposed to talk togeter using headsets.
The maxmum is-8 degrees.
There is no Chinese teacher at Odawara castke.
I'm jast study by myself, with a Chinese language textbook.
The orange collor motivates my heart.
The blue-violet coller is very nice.
Now, you can see the beautiful red and yellow reeves around Odawara Castle.
Unfortunately, I don't know the histrical significance of Odawara castle.
My Englishskill is not good.
Incidentally, I have received notification of EIKEN Grade 2 and Pre-1 test first stage exam which I took on Jrunuary 25th.
I was so suprised, because I didn't expecte that I could pass either of them.
you can googole with ``* (asterisk)``.
And to earch for an exact phrase, enclose the phrase in double quotation marks.
Unlike our ascestors, who lived in the past, we are now living in a world which is full of media.
Theoeretically, the media reflects how we humans 'lives are advancing and changing.
Then, the media appeared, which tried to express one single messsage to the public, and that is what almost dominates our daily life today.
For example, we have seen several interpretations of the event of 911 from the western to easten media.
The media advances our quality of living by informing us of what is going on around the world which allow us to deal with our lives easier, but we should not ignore that the media is not a neutral mechanism but a living organsim which has its own values and tries to influence us when we are heedless.
And, never forget, try to think twice about the meaning of the informaiton when you receive it.
A queation from ``Can I Do This``.
I somtimes think that my problems could go away like melted snow.
In my opinion, it seems like a combination of two words: religion and rediculous.
Groups of brids soar to the west for family.
So I'm studying Engrish now.
I arrived on March 28 in Merboulen Australia and will study here for
To celebreate, We went to their family's house and hadlunch:)
But his subordinte, a woman, betrayed him because she wanted to save the human world.
Japan has diversitied climates, so there are unique and varied local spcialties in each place.
At the shop of Niigata Prefecture, the emplyees stock plenty of snow next to the shop every winter.
I'm a senior at univercity and a major in Education.
I want to write more, but I'm geeting sleepy..
Until I got my lost stuuff, I spoke to the man in charge.
Luckly, all of my colleagues are very nice, so I just can work hard and do my best now.
``You are realy a good man`` Kate answered
yaaaaaaaaai!!
I want to eat japanses food soon.
A bag of snacks disappered in about 1 minute.
Unless you watched this drama before, you would never understand the whold story totally and it won't be interesting anymore.
Even though, I have never seen Star Trek before, I strongly recomment to watch this together because I hope it can increase my imagination like the moive Star Wars.
We display so many dolls to wish our doughters's good growth every years.
(When it ended, I was very very sleeply.)
It is a kind of traning at my work place (company) once a year.
First it was canceldd, but then it was postponed to a later date instead.
So I deceided to go to Okinawa.
In Japan, cherry blossoms have a lot of pitals now.
Since so many people went to see the cherry blossoms today, I couldn't oass throught the road by there.
I have been to four foregin countiries:
The United States, Australia, Indnesia, and Singapole.
My favorite place is Austaralia because I was so impressed by the Coral Sea.
I've started to dance Tango scince this February.
I don't like buying clothes that are made in pooe countries.
That is, colothes which made in poor countries often made peple work very hard for very very little money.
Cheap clothes are very popular, but they are not good for those who made the colthes.
So, I like to preffer '' Fair Trade ''.
Especially I hate Japanese appael brand UNIQLO.
I want to wear clothes which make everybopdy happy.
To enjoy hashion is Ok, but I really want a lot of people know the fact of cheap clothes.
I took the morning off today, becouse I had a stomach-ache.
Do you kknow Higashino Keigo?
Did Sant Clause come to you?.
Luckily you are the first person who is an electronic technician who bought this device from me with the problm!
Though I like anime, I can't believe the above resolts.
Twigliht-New Moon
the Jonas brothers and tylar Swift.
My birthday is novembar 23th.
Becuase it is full of difficulties, presure and unknowns.
I always come across some troble,
We odered five sevings of pork belly.
Althogh we just odered five servings, it seemed like too much.
School just started one week ago, so I decided to insist on writting in my diary every weekend.
LMAO, two americans in the audience at that coffee shop were surprised when they saw sunnie and I going into one bathroom together and they were also surprised that we were holding hands all the time-they thought we were lesbin!
It was a 1st model when VISTA was lounched by Windows.
or to hear radions and TV news for various countries.
I'm looking forword to it.
Towmorrow morning, I will go to a language company for interview.
Have you ever eaten spagetti with salted pollack roe?
having a child, our jobs and anything we conscerns.
He was cool as aways.
I can't waite for his come back from prison.
I think that celeblity obviously shoud n't have them.
I.'s public estimation because I didn't read airticles about him. I want to know his recent news.
It is enteresting and fun.
I don't know wht to do now...
It is continueation hardship everyday.
Monday is comming to me.
Could you please explane the difference between cartoons and comics?
As I expected, granma, ma and pa-all of them welcomed me.
I cought a flu last year.
When I came into the party place, I found many people were wearing really gorgeous and brilliant coutumes.
We drank untill 3am, as usual.
When my host hostfamily goes on a trip, they start barking even at night!
TV showed people who live around the nucler powerhouse in Fukushima that were allowed to get back their home for only for 2 hours.
I would like to say somthing about my little brother.
Can you helpe me?
Ah, is this dialy good study for me?
Taking care of their children and being a part of their faily is my role and job.
my homeown
is Langzhong in Sichuan province, which is a very beatiful, ancient city.
I'm plannig to go back Kyoto to attend my friend's wedding ceremony and prepare my own celemony which will be held on May 29th.
And I also have to go to my university, to tell my profeccer that I will be getting married.
My backup data was on an external HDD conected with a USB.
Today I tried to figure out some math problems I learned how to solve in elementery school, but I couldn't!
Yesterday, I drank with my boss and cliants.
I know it's a stupid thing for American ppl.
Now I feel so lonley.
Pepole call it a ``cleaning robot``.
I boiled water at 500cc and added chiken stock tablespoon 1. 5 and a proper amount of salt.
Then, I boilded somen of two serving for 2 minutes and stirred sometimes.
I boiled the soup again and after the soup boilded I stopped the fire and displayed it on a plate.
By the way, I saw my friend in the librar, so I said hi to him.
I will be flighting against time,
I am workg as a waitress now, so I have a question
One more good point about this center is that its free.
If I correctd somebody's entries, I can get 'stars' in Lang8.
And leave your coments.
The other day, I bought the book ``Macbeth`` by Shakespear.
I want the help of everyone whose Eenglish is good!
We bussinessman must be careful.
The first picture I uproad is that.
I'll be fortunate to have a good family and a work worlth doing.
I am satisfied with my purchases, and I wear the pk t-shirt very ofen.
For the following reasons, I disagree with the statement that the companies are allowed to do anything to boost teir profit.
In the worst cases, some employees become dpression and kill themseves.
A boy sutudent who was doing badly in school leaves behind a high ranking high school in Tokyo moving to Himi to lean on his relatives. He comes across a girl student named Nagisa Ichinose.
I hapiest when I'm with my friends.
It looked like they will stay in Kyoto, so I told them about Nijo catsle, Gosho, Kiyomizu Temple and so on.
So I started this morning by taking a sample of my daugher's pee.
I am Nao, a japanse person who is staying in India to study.
I imagined when I was in Japan that I would be able to speak fluent English automaticaly if I came to India.
The other was 07: 40 AM, but I don't remmeber hearding any sound, just when I sunddenly woke up and checked the time-08: 40AM.
It was called ``Sony timer``, because they were broken afer the warranty period.
What dou you think about Sony products?
``You cn say that aggain``
``You couldon't have said it better``
Tha's easy, so I'm gonna write about my first concern which is ``eartquake``
It has caused devastating ``damadges`` such as ``Tunami`` and crippled ``nuclear power``
They asked me, ``How often did you experienced an earthquake?``, ``What didi you feel then?``
We should reconsider how we live eith animals.
But after a while, some of them are tired of raising their pet and worst case, they abondon them.
The fact that animals are often used in experiments before products like medicines, cosmetics and foods come out on the market is unknown to mose Japanese people.
I ate lunch with my grandmother today because my parents went to a grave of my father's ancesters, and they were going to lunch with my father's brothers 'families.
I ate too many cakes or sweets and I forgot to excercize.
I may be succes if I keep on diet for a while.
To make a story you have to read a lot of books and pracetice writing.
Theare is one of the most famous shrines in Yamagata prefecture.
In the weekend, Taiwan have a typhoon come, We get a haliday on
danger, so our govermment proclaimed that we can have a haliday.
My dughters, husband, and I enjoyed having him over.
admiration, happyness, aesthetic pleasure.
He also liked soju (popular Korean alcohlic drink).
I sutuid English yesterday.
Firsut of all, I sutudy vocabulary becouse I am a beginner.
I want to be able to read Eglish newspapers.
The girl called Nastya appointed an interview today at 4 p. m., but after coming there I found out that the interview will be tomorrow because of their tecnical problems.
So, some children and their mothers came to have lunch threre.
My former tutor who lives in Tronto just emailed me.
I took part in the drining party.
I was selected as the person and got the awrad!
In the last scene the bat fell into disfavor both groups, because he tried to trick them.
4. Memorize English sentances on www. idealen. cn.
But today, I wanted my hair desighner to cut my hair shoter than now:p I hesitated to say please cut my hair shoter.
I really want to move to Califonia although it's nearly impossible that will happen.
However, in most cases, I ignore that isue and hope it is just because of termporary stress or just a minor thing with hypochondria.
I think many people in mordern life have the same experience as me.
On the other hand, we worry about our health and think we need a check-up for prevent serious deseases.
I saw them throwing their cigarrets on the road!!
When I walked behind them, I had to inhale the secondhand smoke which contains much more chemical poisons than the smoke they directlry inhale!!
I started thinking that nobuddy is going correct my posts.
Maybe I shood make mour misstakes?
And I felt positive feelings and warmful about the Hawaian people.
Regarding Hawaii, it's really warmful but not humid there.
I went from Tokyo to Sizuoka by Sinkansen.
Japan's resesion is very serious.
These days, TV, newpaper and radio broadcasts tell us that the climate of the earth changes day by day. They also tell us that humanity will face global warming.
Unfortunally, I don't like to play football, when it's 35* C:(
One-day travell/ trip
Anyway, what I can do is practce, practice, and practice.
Once I have& nbsp; gratuated from university, everything& nbsp; will change.
Today, I met my friend and we went to an exbision in a bath house.
``Calrify`` is a very useful and common word in daily life.
I am calrified on what you said. (good sentence)
I'm trying to calrify what the difference is between them.
My short-temperd boyfriend
So I wanted to work it out, but when I talked to him about what I've been thinking about the other day, I couldn't help but to cry. What he gave me was not a big sweet hug saying sorry, he gave me an annoied look because I started crying.
I've desided to dilute my passion for everything British with American literature.
I don't know American literature (as/ that) well, so I would apreciate it if you could recommend me some of your favorite American novels.
I shold've gone to school: <
carrer choice
and I have to sign in, in one of two carrers that are vacant in two different places.
and the other is data proccesing and is something that I'm remotly interested in.
But what I really want to study is language but that is a carrer that you can only study in another state but I don't have the money to afford to live there.
According to this movie, his harmony sounds quite excentric, he hit a lot
On top of how different his music is, his appaerance and behavior is also strange.
His son, Cyle Eastwood, is active as a professional jazz bassist.
Also she was awarded for her excellent discipline and puntuallity.
The restaurant was very clean, the food was delicious and also they played Chinese music in the background, a very nice pleace.
Every three days I chang the water.
I hate oneof the supervisers because he always says ``no`` when I ask for somthing.
Other students also dislike him because he is very strict and he always says ``no`` when other students also ask somthing.
Today, all my classes were cancled so I had much more time.
It is a fascinating and attracitive place.
I found a bag of ramien, but I did not want to eat it at that time although I often eat ramien late at night.
I want to play with storong people and get stronger and stronger ^-^
A gide said ``I don't know that reason,`` and I didn't change my I-phone.
we played beginar and medium courses.
There are very nice and fashonable restaurants in Sydney.
The number on the dispray began with + 1 and I easily could guess who was calling.
and who wtold me that he's been catching a cold,
I live in a house where many forigners stay, but I don't talk with them often.
Its interduse said if you could be young again, how would you use your chance and not waste your time.
Some countries would rebuke that coutry throught the media and demand for an apology for the incident, not a war.
At last, I probally should close the window.....
I hope I meke improvements in my Englih before I get a part time job.
I booked the B& B for 3 weeks until Des 9.
Over the past coulple years, almost all of my friednds got married, and some of them bought their house and had babies.
I heard that in some European countries, the number of non-married couples are incresing. Of course, there might be other system instead of the old marriage system for life gurantee.
Letter (Aki angera)
In the midest of this pain, I live the present.
If you continue asking what and where you sould be going,
Today, I made friends with some students on focebook.
Because I like pokemon so much, I wanted some Engish pokemon games since I was in Japan.
so all my plans for this weeekend failed.
It was an ad for a teaching job in Makaty City, Philippines, and I received an e-mail from the school president.
Although I am afraid of going there, I thought that this is a rare oppotinity for me so I'd better go! I decided to go to the Philippines.
I'd like to make friends with people from all over the world throug this site.
I am very happy because I passed an exame and will get my first job.
Yestarday, I received my (employee) bonus.
My company paid it to the empolyees, half based on the monthly salary, and the other half based on the results of what they did.
Sources say that the number of people traveling abroad will be increaing this summer because of the strong yen and gradual recovery from the resessions.
But I cannot belive it.
It was a wonderful experience to enjoy food with not only the taste but also the sence of touch.
He called me in March to notify me about a job interview, but I had a another job interviw on the same day.
It's highly important as to whick book I bring.
Yesterday, I read an article about the Human Resourses department in a certain company.
In my case, since I'm an elementary school teacher, the government adopt new teachers, we basically train by ourselves, principals deside which grade we would be in charge of, and we have to cope with all of the problems and complaints.
At first, I thought it was just a simple place to learn languages, but when I logined in, I found it's a very interesting place ~ ~ ~
The throat syrop is called ``Stop-cough syrop``.
My hobbie is playing the piano.
Recentury, I wrote an original song and played it.
If there are presure things day, my song is up tempo and pop.
I didn't buy it from a forein manufacturer.
I woried about it.
Many of my freiends are going back their countries in Decmeber.
Today, I took the entarance examination.
Women figure scating
I will watch the Japanese scaters and Kim Yu-Na parts on TV.
There are three scaters from Japan-Mao Asada, Miki Ando, and Akiko Suzuki.
In Japan, people are exepcting Mao Asada to win.
This cafe don't serve the sholder masserge and huart (huart?) mark kechap on Omrice. (Yummy!)
It's very reasnable in Japan.
I don't want the servises like the Maid cafe in Akihabara,
so I'm sutisfied with this cafe.
I want to give servises for the gails more than to get thier servises.
That's is more inportant than optional servises.
I am trying to ride my bike eveyday.
His name is sccot
However, I could feel that he was kind because of his pasionate for studying japanese and his eagerness to talk to us.
Summer is comming little by little.
I'll try to do my best in grammer, spelling and pounctuation in my journal.
What is your accupation?
Have you employed au aupairs before?
bacaouse today is our five month anniversary
but I can undersatnd him.
he seems to be navouse....
I belieave that he can pass the test.
I have to study grammer.
I have to lissen to English conversiation, something like that.
I should take it easy, and I should take every oppotunity to talk in English.
I'm not skillful at computers.
At last, when it settled on the wall, I cought it.
I just wrote 5000 words so far even thouh I have to write more than 32000 words!
Thanks to everybody answering on thihs ^_ ^
On second thoght, I want to post non-japanese songs after all!
I signed up to Lang-8 when I was in Japan but I haven't written any entries here because of my lazyness...
I practice some tirics.
Recently, I became crayzy about ``hannah montana``!
I am cheeringfor all athleates of the world.
Recently he scrachs his cheek.
We will be watching the movie 'Avartar'.
Controllering an avatar that's something you're not but represents you seems awesome.
Appearanace is considered an important factor in building relationships with others.
Of couse, I want to be rich, but if I were rich, I wouldn't feel like living a simple life.
Him: I hav to go now.
I wathced the movie named ``Ponyo on the Cliff by the sea``.
I like fasion!
By the way, I like fasion.
The members and I have placticed very hard for that show.
As a result, it was sucssesful.
When somebody who eats my cokking says ``delicious!`` and smiles, It makes me happy.
The letter was from someone I'm kind of intersted in.
I wil write a reply someday.
Hou dou you talk to a person you're kind of intersted in?
That means we have to dispense one prescription every 3 mins.
wellcome to everyone.
And I sometimes atching TV.
Companies such as SONY have a lot of personal informations responsibility to protect it from hackers.
But hacking technology is imploving day by day.
But providing our peasonal data means that we should take the risks of our data being leaked.
Customers are afraid of their data being leaked, but they want to enjoy the convinient of online services.
This is too complecated...
Espeshaly, I want to write in English.
Please send me a messase.
Now, I'm learning about Gairy Snyder.
I was looking forward to joinning this site for a long time.
Please correct my dialy.
Good mornig!
Lucklily, my cousin who lives in Orange county called me
ahahahahahaha! I bought a notebook and many colorfull pencils!!!
Did you know, a few months ago, the Chinese goverment forbade the custom of wearing pajamas on the streets?
I was a shoperholic in the past, but I am not interested in shopping any more.
It's unbelivable.
I am so affraid I'll lose my mind because of him.
It had been rainy these day, so we can wash clothes and dry these clothese outside today.
fantasic scenary.
It is about our regionaly press in 1905 when the first Russian revolution begun.
A news interpreter explained those reports like the issue of the rare earth, the Myanmarse military resime, the conference system regarding the matter of child abuse, why India has developed now, the war between the Mexican government versus some drag cartels.
Before the opening, they asked the Japanese self-difense Air Force to peforme something interesting.
He said that they should take the annimals in the zoo into consideration.
As you know, we Japanese are struggling with a large goverment deficit.
Considering the amout of deficit, we should privatize this peformance team as soon as possible.
After I watched ``Sister's Act 2``, I really wanted to listen to Lawryn Hill's album.
Both of them are Amercians.
She will join all kinds of activites such as English discussion group, go to meditation, running, perform yoga and so on.
Before she started her IMBA program, we often hung out togerher.
I can tell she doesn't appreciate some Taiwanese cultrue.
Also, She has a strong personaliy and sometimes I feel stressed when I'm with her.
Tonigt was fun for me.
Our conversatin was in English since I need to practice the coming interview.
I don't like hollywook movies either.
People can prevent some escapable tragedies or create a more enlightened society through learning wisdom from our intellectual ancestors, which is recorded in history.
I miss the beautifl sunshine.
We played togeher, laughed...
Of course, sometimes we guarrel, but then apologized.
It is famous for monkies and onsen (hot springs).
The next day, we went to Nikko edo mura-an amusument park which looks totally like an Edo period Tokyo town.
It's very delicious and having convesetion with them is very fun.
I reaally need help frome someone.
Specyfying my language goal.
I recognize that time heals everythig.
a SKY) committed suiside.
He was the younger brother of famous actress Choi Jin Sil who commited suiside 2 years ago.
Before talking about tihs, we must know about his sister.
She finally committed suiside, but the reason was never known.
Finally, he committed suiside yesterday.
My friend recommended this website to me, because it is an excellent place where I can freely exchange experiences with people from all over the world in different languages. And I found the atmosghere here is friendly.
I can't understand why it costs over a 1000 dollars to pull out a wisdom teath if I don't have health insurance.
croudy day
Yesterday it was ranny heavily.
But today it isn't ranny, just croudy.
Mokpo is a habor city in Korea ~
but, we do millitery service.
Yesterday was the 63th anniversarry of the dropping of nuclear weapons by (1)
So we have a responsivirity to decrease them ``
Is it my fault to lose my intrest in that? (3)
Some forigners will think that what I said is a common idea in Japan.
Japan's national team is storong now.
We enjoyed visiting Kamakra.
I have read a book which entitled Congo Jouney
I live in Saitama, where is located next to Tokyo, and I saw a lot of people kept coming to the station and they found all of the trains were canseled, so they started walking to their own home.
I hope everhthing will be better tomorrow.
I'll rivive my hometown and hope to live here with my favorite landscape of the sea again.
It is easy fot an outsider to cheer local people up and critiscize the Japanese government, but people who are the most seriously and deeply thinking about revival are the local people.
One of the most important things they want us to do, I think, is to start preraring for the next disaster.
My father likes to eat Japanese food named ``Na bean`` evey day.
If your vocabulory and grammar are not good, you cannot catch what they said.
this is the first day I come here, I want to improve my English here, at the same time, I also want to learn janpenese.
I know all of you are kind hearted boys and girls, and you all have good language telligent, I need your help, and also, we can be friends.
There was no sun but, only constant snow and raning.
If I choose only 1 from them, it means I abondon the others.
Nowdays I think a lot of electrical appliance shops have machines to make bread at home: this way you can save money (is it sure?) and time because you don't have to go to a baker's after work, or if you forgot to buy some bread, this machine can solve these little problems.
It seems like a useful electrical appliance and one of my flatemate is thinking of buying it but I'm not a fan of it yet!
In adittion, most people study English in high school.
I can't wirte in English.
I realized that rather small rivers in America which run through cities are covered with cement, like a snowbord halfpipe. (* see below)
I have been using English more and more on bussines in recent days.
My faverit song.
Hello, my wonderful friends tonight I will practice my faverit song.
I cant 'read some of the sentance as it is so difficult.
If I go to a pub, I want to drink Lemonede.
In the next class, I will teach a lesson, so, I have to prepary a lesson plan.
The first, ni2, is generally used with colleagues of one's age, yonger people, close friends or acquaintances.
I'm going to write a lot of things in this SNS. For example movies, books, my daiy life and so on...
This book is about the globalized world and it was written by a journalist who has won the Pulizer Prize three times.
Auturn is my favorite season!
Japan has 4 seasons, spring, summer, autum and winter.
My favorite season is autum.
Then we can taste autumn speciality crops, pear, grape and chestnuts, (The word ``marron`` is more populer.)
And it will be rany tonight.
I tought them how to play!
Today, I had a health check at my shcool.
Notihng was wrong with me.
You can cook it by simply pouring water into a cup with some powdered flavor and putting it into a microwaver for five minutes.
Computer graphics is very difficult work, so I often search for hints to solve problems on the intearnet.
I think I should change my atitude.
Because I have no opopportunity to communicate with them before.
This is called ``white nigth`` and people go to bed very late too during this time.
Next year I wil go to Canada or New Zealand as a WWOOF.
I felt so misarable, so I thouht I would write about it here and get some input!
It's a big event for every Chinese university, as well as primary school, midddle school, and high school.
After the speech, every college in our uinversity was requried to present a creative show in one minute to show its different style and features.
During thse performances, the applause was enough to bring down the house.
But choising presents is interesting I guess.
This is my first time to post something about myselfe here.
There are matreshka (exclusive and usual kinds), different things made from elm, from clay, also many kinds of jewelry made from stones, dalls, stuffed animals, wooden furniture and big wooden figures, textile, clothes and so on.
It's a muslim programm I have never seen, maybe because it's on in the early morning or because I watch TV very rarely..
But, on the other hand, care assistants for elderly people is lacking in Japan, so the government is planning to accept workers from Indnesia.
It happed when she wasn't with my friend.
For instant, the famous physicist Einstein, changed our tradional view of the world.
Parents in China attach a lot of imporance to scores and rankings.
The baggage delibered was a black chair, two tennis rackets, a big shelf, bedclothes and so on.
According to my inquiry, my baggage was deliverd to another place because of a mistake by the staff.
I saw Ugly Betty who is a very adorable charactor in the drama.
Omlet is made with carrots, beef, onions, pepper and salt.
Resently, I've been trying to be calm by changing the way I think and my attitude about everything.
And it mekes me to be slightly nicer to other people too.
Meeting with Alchol
Big surplise, news have just arrived.
After asking me many questions about my courses, my intership experience, career planning and some other professional questions, she let me read three emails and tell her the main content of them.
I read many emails like this last year during my intership.
I asked her to tell me more details about the positon.
After that, I knew the duty of that position is to deal with many triffling rountine things, nothing special.
She told me more things would be dicussed in the second interview.
So just foget it.
I'm very glad to jion you all.
My mom, dad, elder sisiter, her husband, her child, my elder brother and his wife.
I'm looking forwad for you to point out my errors.
Lusy's characterimpressed me more than others.
Today, 12. 5, is the anneversary of the Wenchuan earthquake.
tragy.
Costing hundreds and thousads of lives, the disaster has broken
hometown, we shoule also try very hard to help the people to
Today, I attended English calss from 8 to 10pm.
Usually, the calss lasts from an hour to an hour and a half long.
therfore, I am making a resolution to live abroad.
Actualy this one is a 'mobile laptop' so it's smaller and lighter than the old one.
By the way, we're in a summer break here, and I'm planning to go to beaches, museums, travering, watching fireworks, etc...
I agree with the author's opinion that in Japan, children cannot leave teir parents house hecause their parents wish their children would depend on them; though their parents are complaining about such situations.
When parents live with teir own father and mother, they can ask their father and mother how to raise thei children to be independence.
I think that those are the reasons that Japanese parents wish that teir children would depend on them.
A few days ago, it snowed arround my house.
Today is Chirsmas.
I met people of various agethrough voulunteer work, part-time and practical training.
Oh ~ Today is aiso a hot day.
Right now the temperature in Fukui is 10ish degrees Selsius.
We remainded for extra inings because the Giants will win.
We thought it was possible for the giants to winn, but the game was so exiciting and the next one will be a win.
I went to the dental clicic to pull out my wisdom tooth.
If you are interested in it, please read my journal named ``Describing a picture ~``) She has a really tiny waist, hwever, she doesn't have slim legs lol!
She looks like a dool, because I cannot think of a human that has such a tiny waist> <.
Today, We smile, cry, shop, and lost something on this graund zero and bombed erea.
Of cource, We have respect for the dead.
She Succeded.
It was a visious cycle.
Today, she put out an unbeliebably big poop!!
I graduated (guraduated) Chuo Uni.
I like socce, drinking part (parties), and talking.
As electricity has been cut off because of the earthquake, I cannot cook and eat food which is sold at a convinience store.
The best one is baked slmon rice ball and the second best one is fried rice ball with various ingredients.
If you have a chance to come to Japan, why don't you try eating a brice ball?
Acording to the weather forecast, it will clear up and be sunny day.
Aroud 10 a. m. I wil go to the City Museum to see the paintings,
actully, I have been learning English for many years, but I am still not able to speak English fluquently.
Maybe you are wondering which city in chian I am from, so, I can tell you I am from Changzhou in Jiangsu proveince beside Shanghai.
I've been so addicted to quotes these days since one of my Austrilian friends showed me some funny quotes and love quotes several months ago.
I recoment you Nagashima Spaland!
Then, the weather forecast says that a small typhoon is likely to aproach here!
I don't want to buy one from a Chinese resaler on the Internet.
My dog expresses his desire to go outside by scraching the door and staring at my father's face with expectation.
My dog's most hated word is ``shampoo.`` Last time I visited my parent's house, I asked him ``Can I wash you with shampoo?`` My dog dushed to the door, opened it very quickly, and run away.
Pepole living in Osaka eat ``Okonomiyaki`` with rice.
It tasted like strawverries.
There will a high school entrance ceremony for my yonger son tomorrow.
The nuclear powerplant in Fukushima was highly affected by the big tumamis so we must save electricity.
Instead of starting the summertime, my company will stop using half of our building's elevators to help save electricity and cooperatea with the government in improving our economy.
I look up to him even though he is youger than I by three years.
He told me the reason why many Japanese people have no hope for their future even if they have a lot of muny and their lifestyle is better than any other country.
She likes English and so in the future, I may be taught English by my daugher.
My father was researcher of a geological survay.
I don't know amang these qestion.
He said it's yammy that's why I'm so happy.
He ricomend that I should stop attending language school!!
but, for 2 months I wnet to 10th.???
Someyears I have a Birthday Party.
I will have a chocolate cake and get gifts from my friemds and family.
This is the first enty
By the way, she paied 170000 yen for the painting.
My friend always says that internasional love is difficult...
She is easily frightend, so as I expected, she started to cry as soon as she heard the sound of waves. (picture1)
Since we got free tickets for some amusument parks and botanical gardesn, we went to some of them.
While there, we walked along a slope which surrounded a large aquarium that is cylindric in shape.
We could see these fish right here, so I felt like as if I cound touch them.
(sorry I worte a dirty word)
My colleagues and I argued about the mechandise's selling place this morning.
Since my brain controls every part of my body, both phyical and mental problems have happened, for example I have had headaches, chest pain, difficulty breathing, could not think very methodically, excessive depression and aggression.
Due to these symptons appearing since elementally school, I could not go abroad.
At that time my parents and I did not know the cause of my ill-health untill January 2011.
One day my mother took me to a psychiaty, but to be honest I did not want to go there though.
Since I came here, I have been trying to understand what people are saing.
Novemver is coming
Novemver is coming already.
I experince many things this year.
For examle, I held meetings, practices, performed at many places, and planned events.
The rainny season is coming.
The key to breaking with the victious circle is to change the fixed patteeern of thinking once and for all.
I ordred seeds of a flower, solube YTT.
A white flower boolms on the first day,
a week light blue boolms on the next day,
Nakahara then reallised that the lesson fee was much more expensive than he had first seen it on an advertisement.
The staff cheekly tried to give the half a year course which was 2000 Singapore dollars for him (I think it's super expensive).
Recentry I challenged to be vegitallian because of diet and look shocking video which makes me think about various problem (I will skip the detail).
Fortunately we have vegetarian traditional recipes in Japan, and I am learning traditional Japnese food from a recipe book.
It will be sunny the day after tommoro.
Learn Enghish
Today, I had an interview at a Company but was not sucessfull because I am bad at English.
In this book, there are handreds of phrases.
Actually, I wanted to watch the 3D disny movie, but the tickes were sold out.
Three advnetures go to the anciant world, and they meet a monkey-man.
I had expected there to be a lot of British people, but in reality, there were only a few groups of British and the others were moslty from Eastern Asia, especially Japanese.
My conclusion is that they have it in thier home.
Thanhs a lot =)))
I'll introduse Japan to you, and what you don't really know about it.
Hi, from today, I am going to introduse to you Japan.
Becaouse of all the mountains, the area people can live in is very small.
He often says ``My studens always talk about the weather.``
I think that Japanene people like to talk about weather topics.
It could be a good thing for a movie to be concencrated but I don't think it happens to Angels& Demons.
during the free days, I went at the museum, Zoo and went shopping with my hasband.
I put an extention on my hair.
But the movie disapponit me
And tomorrow is not only the beginningin of great heat, but also could observe solar eclipse.
Recentry, I've made a habit of staying up late.
And I rade this bike.
I am a Japanese person learning Englinsh.
Have no fear of perfaction, you'll never reach it.---Dali Salvador
Today, I thought about my dream and then I talked about it with my freind, Ran.
Because there was a bunch of great stuff over threre that I have to tell you about, It's gonna be a long diary.
A couple of hours later, my mothet had an idea to turn off the indoor lights and turn on the outdoor lights, after that the bird flew out of the window.
Our carriculum has to be finished before summer vacation, so students take classes on Sunday.
I could see books from China, Korea, Itary, Spain, Taiwan and so on.
They are an Engrish book and a quilting book.
I had attended a quilt class for about 5 years and an oil painting class for about 10 yeras in Japan.
Last Sundy, there was blind person next to me on the subway platform.
The climate here always changable: it was typhoon (season?) only a few days ago and now is already a sunny day of over 35 degrees!
I have read a book called ``Littles from Vietnam``
My Sunday is made of sleeping, eating, having coffee and woking.
He thought he might be able to crimb up the thread to Paradice.
So, he grabbed it and started crimbimg.
Up and up and up, it was a long way to go up to Paradice.
He saw the others also crimbing after him.
So it was very interesting and excitng!
I work hard, and early every morning I prectice my spoken English for an hour.
One Italian guy said that he doesn't like MacDonalds at all. He also said that Italian MacDonalds is different than American MacDonalds.
He accepts Italian MacDonalds but he has never tried American MacDonalds because it's greasy food.
Then, one Korean guy said that Korean MacDonalds has a kimchi hamburger.
Almni reunion
In the end, I bought a red bag and some pretty colthes.
I understand it is still difficult for women, especially for old women, to express their honest feelng in Korea, since there is such a strong influence of Confucianism.
I don't have a car lisence yet, so I hoped I would get it.
But getting car lisence is quite hard for me
Because I am worring that I would slam into and crash with other cars.
fortunaly, that hasn't happened yet, and I hope it never will.
I went a starnucks today again!
or maybe it was a sodar?
We Japanese rarely buy a bottle of water or sodar in Starbucks.
But as I was quite tired today, I didn't have the enagy to do it. Instead, I am trying this.
Then there are pictures of Anpanman characters at July and Ougast and December.
We don't understand how imortant the day is.
She is supposed to stay in Arlinton in Massachusetts.
When I was prepared to pay up at the accounter, I found the price very expensive, which surprised me.
I wish thatall the friend from the net who view my diary and findmistakes can give me corrections and adviseon the usage of languige in the article, even if it's a typo.
He stayed at a youth hostel in London for one week and became friends with many tourists from all over the world such as, Holand, Australia, China, and Italy, by talking with them in English.
When I bought it, I was happy cuase I no longer have to borrow my friend's bicycle.
It sounds like those who have tattoos are bad and unsiuitable people.
``Tattoo`` sounds more fashinable and smaller in size.
(basicaliy Whoever has a tattoo is rejected at public places like swimming pools, public baths and public Saunas here)
``Dady Look at the big carpe on his back!
I will watch the movie ``The Social Netwark`` this weekend.
Monglia Asean country.
I am a senior in high sacool and this is my last time so everyone play hard!!!:)
Whether it is running or jumping, evevryone will do their best!!!
I am really pround of them and very happy to meet them in school.
``Oh, my llittle baby...
Please teanch me how to concentrate on studying.> <
It's only 12: 26 and I already wana go home!
The prom pictures should already be updated on the school site but they're not there yetttt grrrr
I wana try the real full-cource French meal, or whatever it is that you call: S
I checked an otological website that said ``If you continue to have a cough, you should suspect allergies.`` I got the idea that the cause of my cough would be allergies, so I'm going to an otological this afternoon.
Recently, I couldn't write a dialy journal in English.
Tanzawa National park kanagawa prefectre.
I rided a go-cart.
So, I made my curriculum vitae, and I'm searching in Europ or Asia.
So, I clened my room.
T ``is challange time.
Every morning swarrows come to my balcony.
It is rainy today, but we have a plesant day.
We have an indoor barbecue (I don't konw whether it is called a barbecue or not.).
But I can feel good when I'm livign (living) in my room from tomorrow.
My class is lisning 2, grammer 3, conversation 3, reading& writing3 [the max level is 4 for everything]
I think that this rythm sounds good.
XD So, I have to overcome this psychological obsticle.......
Teaching them Engish would be a tough challenge for me because I would have to take full responsibility for their results on their high school entrance exams.
Even though the pay is the very low, I still accpeted it without a second thought.
Just going to the libraly kept me happy when I was a child.
I'm going to be busy from tommorow onwards.
The day for the Eiken English exam is comming.
I had almost forgotten that I needed to study for the exam till I received the card, but now I'm a litte uneasy.
But I know my English skill is not enogh, though I'll have to work hard for the 1 week that I still have before the test.
becos my bag is in the room
thank you for riting.:(
Olive found a very cute stuffed animal in the shop and her mother boutht it for her.
Althoght It has been more than 1 month since this new year started, I haven't even started yet!
I'm actually not good at grammer and reading more than speaking and listening.
Because I couldn't understand most of grammers, it made me sick to study English.
But the most inportant thing is to keep studying and enjoying English not for exam.
But, I will aplly for a job with another company.
I am studying document's grammatic, speech, writing and others...
First, I plactice speaking in english with videos.
Then, I wrote an nessey.
I thought that iPad is more confortable for her.
This have something to do when a woman becomes pregunant.
When ladies are 5 months pregunant, we have to go to the shrine for our babies blessings.
I have been studying English for a year in oredr to overtake a friend of mine, but she seems to have mastered a higher level of English than me.
He killed Peter's brother Nathen, and he was driven to become Nathen.
Finally, he felt so guity he prisoned himself into a world within his own mind.
Finally, they freeked out and argued with each other, and Peter shouted at Sylar, blaming him for there being no way to get Nathen back.
The wall was destoried by themselves.
The work of this committee is to organnize an athletic day,
I try to give my effort to this commitee activity!
My wife recomended me to this site.
It's gon to be hard to control/ maintain a schedule of studying and hanging out with friends.
After carful reviewing all the terms and conditions, Jessica finally decided to sign the contract.
During construction, the main lobby will not be accessible to emplyees except to executives.
This is my first article at lang-8, so I guess writing an introduction about me would (sounds more natural) be the best strating.
Now I must buy it on the interenet.
I am a Japanese lady enthusiastically studying English writig, reading, speaking, and listening.
The movie was very enjoyrable.
I recomend you to have fun in your special style when you see colorful movies like Disney's.
I really like to take photo's because I can documeting my life easlier.
I feel comtrtable and peaceful when I take them.
Everybody agrees that the products of Japan are of higer quality.
This word ``Kaizen`` which means ``improovement`` has gotten very famous, and many factories/ manufactueres are trying to do `Kaizen` to imutate Japanese quality all over the world.
Because I believe this natural Kaizen in Japanese production is strogly related with Japanese calture of ``Ki wo tukau``.
The calture of ``Ki wo tukau`` is everywhere in the world in social communication, but other countries do not implement this thing actively in their work.
This makes them follow ``Kaizen`` naturaly.
``Sony timer`` is the timer which makes products malfunciton when the warranty is expired.
Todey's menu is Curry.
I drank some alchoric and ate yakitori at a yakitori restaurant in Shimokitazawa last night.
It had a strong taste and was a bit hard to bite, like jarkie.
Within the next two months, I want to learn to drive a car. I think that would be a very intersting thing to do!
Fistly, please allow me to introduce myself.
My hobbies are watching sports, especially Formula One, playing tennis, and wathing movies.
Decemver 31st.
Honestly, I don't like to study foreign lanuages. Especially English.
Of course, I knew we have no choice but to learn foreign lanuages, because we are in the age of globalization
I appriciate those members who correct my diaries.
I had to eat the dish they ordered cuz the food they like to eatting r the same:)
It seems not to be alseelp.
In regards to sleep, I lookep up an interesting expression in a dictionary.
By sprinling sand in children's eyes!!!
In the world there's nothing more valueable than people.
There are very hevy.:(
Although suffering from a snow disaster at the begining of the year and a terriable earthquake rocked the Sichuan province, the on-going Olympic Games inspired our passion to our people and country.
We all close our eyes before starting the game, but only thieves can raise their heads up, open their eyes and look at each other, which allows them to know who the theives are.
Afterwards, we start to guess who the thieves are by making inferential statements like ``You must be a cop`` or ``You must be pretending.`` We discuss for 3 minutes, afterwhich we poins at the persons who we think are thieves.
I palyed basketball with my friend in the park today.
My mother tongue languages are Cantonese and Mandrin.
I like to read books, newspapers and stories from the internet, where there are a lot of pages of information, entertaintmet and literature, but (I think) books are beter than any other wayas of reading.
The book that I'm reading is named: ``Lestat the vampire``, and the plot is about a new vampire who wants to know the secret of his inmortality and he enjoys the pleasures of the life.
Lestat is arrogant, and because of the secret, he toured many places; I like it a lot because of the way it is narrated, the history is another atracttive element that I enjoyed too and also because Lestat is handsome (in the movie:D)
A lot of intelesting TV shows are on the air in December.
My video, which is set with HD, is aveilable to record TV programs for 22 hours.
I was so busy that I couldn't enjoy or finish watching my recorded prograns. (T_ T).
Noth Korea signs forward as a goalkeeper in the world cup!
He talked about the environmental with a lould voice.
Sometmes a citizen would ask ``What are you really going to do?``
Toronto ranks second best palce for living in the world.
Toronto is ranked second best palce for living in the world.
Could me give me some exanple?
However, it's somewhat difficult for me to learn because I must controll both hands and legs individually.
I'm doing image rehearsal and praticing easy beats.
You can guess how embarassed I was.
Or a golded driver?
Anyway, I rememer a book I read when I was in junior high school.
It turned out that Jack the ripper was actually Sherlock Holmes himself, who was so strongly addicted that he had delution.
Actually, I had an inverviewed with TIM HORTONS.
I applied for a position and inverviewed this Wendesday.
It's (very) amasing.
So I wonder if you could do me a favour of revise my poor leavel composition.
Today, I made sentences of dialogs for learning inginterrogative sentence.
So I wanetd to get some student handbooks and exercise books.
Where are the good spots in Shingapore?
Before feeling the effects, you may temble a bit already.
That movie is broughted by konica minolta, who is famous for camera, plinter etc.
so I haven't had enough sleep recentry.
When I first saw thousands of Jizo at the Hase temple in Kamakura about 50 years ago (wow such a long time ago), I felt unpleasent.
good moring everybady!
last night my freind came to my house.
this moring I made her breakfast.
beaouse she thought that I was able to cook (good)
the time I speat with her was enjoyable.
I want to (``wanna`` is slang) say that I am extremly bored.
It is a family comdy, and it is really funny!!
It was a very happines party, and her speech for her parents made a deep impression on me.
It is my first time to write on the Langa-8 website.
Fortunately Japnese people are allowed to drink outside, so of course we can also enjoy drinking under the Sakura trees
``Some things that a glacier might do when it retreat is instead of depositing till (scraped up soil) in the area, they might leave a big ice block. The ice block breaks off the glacier and as it melts it leaves a dpression which can become a lake.``
When I listend to the song for the first time, about ten years ago, I was so impressed.
The song was fetured during the next few months on a heavy rotation.
I experimented becauce I had no other plans today.
I wasted 2 months on dissertaion period...
All I know is her english nam (not her real name) and her major.
Since the midterm is worth 30% I don't think I can pass the class with a poor socre on this midterm.
My moher was in a hopital for a week.
I woner if my students like that.
From now on, I got to have snikers sor a while.
These days, I submit some resumes and application forms to companies and graudate schools.
I like me as I am nowadayas.
I want to try to write some my thoghts but sadly, I recently have read nothing.
Recently, I have not felt like studying any foriegn language.
I found some intersting words about learning foriegn languages in a book I read yesterday.
``Learing a language is like laving water by a bamboo baske.`` (it has many small holes), but if you keep learing patiently, you will got good at it. ``
I hope I will be able to easily understand English DVDs without subtitles in inthe future...
Do you have any birthday that you can't forgetable??
Well, I talked with some of my employees about the job decription.
He want to know more aobut Thai food
so I need to perpare more??? about the food and practice cooking with my mum..
It is hard (?) for me to understand English in business conversiation when speaking with him..
Well, I will do eveything as best I can.
Including me, most of (the) Japanese is parhaps good at Listening and
The number of patients of infuluenza around the world is increasing everyday.
Thai people make a Katong from a banana leaf and put forwer insite it. Then we put it in the river because we believe if we send our apologies down the river we will have good luck this year or somting like that.
But today I will not tell you more about the Katong fasival.
His head hung from the brige and his body floated in the river.
He is not Thai but from some other country, mybe Germany.
The polic are investigating why he would kill himself or why someone would have killed him.
I am thinking about going to Vancuver for one or two days.
And my oral Englsih can deal whith some easy topics.
What's more, I am also starting to read the Englsih novels such as ``The Red And The Black`` and so on.
From such novels, I can learn some original sentences and the useful struture of them.
Please correct any incorrect sentensese that you find.
Since, then I've been a housewife for alomost 4 years.
I resistered lang8 today.
My porpose at lang8 is to learn English and make new friends, while learning about foreign cultures.
He said to the firefighter's wife ``He cannot move his musscle...
I slept after work beause I was tierd.
Pronauciation is impossible...
I'm not sure how to improve my English pronaunciation.
Even though I'm using this website to improve my English pronaunciation, in the following passage I've typed up, I always can't pronauce the same sounds properly.
bunished = ``sh``
That's the reson why I don't know where I should put my tongue for each sound even if I hear native English speakers saying it.
As you know, everything is expencive in Japan but I found cheap clothes in a shop.
Yes, it was a really lacky day!!
Comfort foods are so warm and and familiar to me, espically Mom's cooking, it's a real blast from the past.
In the winter time, the wheather here is always badbecause its wet, cold, and windly.
Opening my mailbox this morning, I found a refusion letter from Warwick University. It was the top choice among the five universities that I applied for, so it came at no surprise.
I did realize this from the very beginning, and actually, I didn't long for admittion at all, did I?
However, when the reselt finally came, why was I so disappointed?
A cell-phobne has many benefits.
First and formost, average Japanese job applicants have studied English for around one year, but my visa was not working holiday, so I could go to a language school for only 3 months; it was not enough.
Some Japanese people also took part in the meetin, but most of them have been living in Singapore for a long time, and they can speak English very well.
Yesterday, I went to Akita-Ken by Super Express, because my jpb is near Iwate and Akita.
These have some beautiful illusts.
These books are closely ralated because good light nobvel are animated frequently.
My eldary sister and I were talking in the hall.
So, there are a lot of enents.
if you are inetrested in it or Japan, please comment.
Cooooooooooooooonguladuation!!!!!!!:)
My Japanese friends, and European feiends live in long distance places.
Our 5 members met in fron of DangGoGae station.
It is too defecult to speak English.
I think it's a problem to read English books, articals, news and so on.
``The baby is cute (kawaii).`` is an example that is easy to understand, but the word is also used for thhe elderly as positive adjective.
at 900 am untill 530pm...
I am going to aplly for this position.
But I've only been studing English for 8 months, so my English is veery terrible!
I've been practicing the piano since I was 3 years old.
This is Sarah's douyhter.
Tokyo has a many restrant where you can eat a delicious lunch.
I'll tell you a restaurant I recommendate in Shibuya.
It has very delicious garetto and crepes.
Many people in my company says ``it's greate!``
I am skeptic about this, because he appears to be busy.
The players explore the dungeon and return to the catsle repeatedly.
I work at the Welfare deparatment.
The kichen is always dirty because of the Taiwanese woman I live with.
She doesn't usually clean the kichen after she's been cooking in the kichen.
We always wash dishes and clean the kichen.
But she doesn't clean the kichen after using plates or the frying pan etc.
So the other flatmates began to grow impatiant.
First, the only Japanese actor, ``Sanada``, who played the capatin of the spaceship, died first and unnaturally.
Second, I saw a monster sneak into the spaceship and kill the crews in the latter half, but I don't get why the preddecessor captain could survive to turn into a monster and kill the new crew.
The first half of the story was really overwhelming and the advent of the monster changed the taste of the whole movie, I thougt.
then I had a lunch that consisted of INARI ZUSHI and mashroom salad.
I was not tired becasue I took a nap.
And my neck felt very good doday.
It's SWALLOWTAIL BUTTURFLY.
However my friend who are going togather said that a natural disasterstrikeseverywhere and whenever we can't epect.
Since I have the experience trapped in the elevater by blackout of thunder I am really nervouse about these kind of things.
I want to break my language barier, which has stopped me from making new friends from different countries.
Now I'm learning English-wathing English films and tv programmes.
(Sorry for my grammatical mistakes:(-I speake and translate better than I write)
In china, the big birthday is a very inportant day in every chinese person's life
I have never seen heavy snows in my life, therefore I& nbsp; am a little execited.
I always have a litte dream: I wanted to dress up as a monkey with a banana in my hand since October last year.
I'm not a nurce or a doctor, I'm working at the reception desk every day.
Some of you might know that if you go overseas or make a foreign friend, it's a good thing to have knowlede about your own country's tradition because some people are interested in Japanese clture.
It's a Japanese traditional food eaten on New Year's eve and it's said that this custome was made in the middle of the Edo era.
It relates to the reason we eat it on new year's eve. Next I want to talk about the reason we eat the year-crossing buwheat noodle.
The second is the wish to cut off your troublesomes, and not carry them over to the new year.
According to a website, which conducted an internet survey to 1000 people, about 80 percent of people (in Japan?) eat the year-crodding buckwheat noodle.
She didn't notice a small wall behind her, so she bumped the car's rrear-right side into the wall.
I will be nuervous!!
Anyway I'll try to make my uccount now!!
Thanx for reading my concerns haha..
What is Chrismas?
I don't like Chrismas, and most Japanese are not Christian.
Why do they celebrate Chrismas Day?
I think most Japanese young people are celebrating Chrismas in order to have sex with their partners.
They should re-name Chrismas day, ``Japanese sex day.``
Everybody in the world already knows that all Japanese people are peverted, they will not be surprised at all.
Stupid Japanese singers release Chrismas songs in winter lol.
What do foreingers in Japan think about this stupid habit?
Japan is just a follower and dog of wenstern countires, we don't celebrate Chinese New Year at all.
Japanese should stop this repulsive event unless they properly understand the meaning of Chrismas.
You know what, tonight, every couple is having sex in every sex hotel like monkies lol.
Are They diffelent?
That makes me flustrating...
I would like to tell my thoughts fluently and not so stressfully in English someday.
I heard it would be warm today, so I left home in a long cort.
It's extremly surprising!
Gladuating university, I worked as a chemist in Japan for a couple of years, but quit the job to study English.
After that, I became obsessed with English becouse I met a lot of people who come from various countries and learnt different cultures, history, food, ways of thinking.
Is that a natural responce?
Since the earthquake occured and nuclear power plant halted, The Tokyo Electric Power Company, Inc has conducted scheduled pwoer stoppage.
Neon ligts are turned off in the streets.
My roommate told me that the pizzaria is the nearest washroom plase.
I wnet to tne washroom
But I hope this will make the Japanese national game developped.
nIn my opinion, We have to face a lot of pressure from any part of our lives.
Such as the challenge from our education as well as the high expectations from our parents. They are all on sky levels leaving me a sence of anxiety.
The more anxious I get from the pressure, the more hard conditions we will absourbed in.
nThere is no way for me to escape.
(If I had known the water in a pool was acutally shouder-high, I would have tried three years ago.)
Anyway, I decied to try swimming and now is my favorite exercise.
That woman that jostled with him looked at my face and suddenly said ooh yey!
Opppsss!!!
because, this is my first visit this website, and it is a littl bit differnt than a korean website..
Her 2-year-old son goes to a nersery 4 days a week.
I won't climb up the mountain but I will go hiking in the glassland.
I'm looking forward to walking on the glassland.
I created my accout on lang-8
Why Financial Diaparity Can Affect Freindship?
Nowadays there is an argument about financial diaparity and whether it will or will not affecta friendship.
Such as life atyle, life condition and personality.
``If you don't think of something useful, nor do somethig useful, you will not be able to develope yourself.``
Everyday, I test pruduct or study something. I think it's useful, sometimes. I chat with my friends as well.
The reason why I am interested in trade is because I believe that trade helps developping countries and poor people.
I could not tell anyone and I was afrid my parents would worry about me or my friends would make fun of me.
We usually go to shpping for sightseeing on weekend.
Here in Wakayama, we can't live without a car, because the fee of public transptation is expensive.
Is the sentence abovr grammatically correct?
There are special New Year's meals, decorations (both interir and exterior), visits to a shrine, visits to family members and relative's houses, special games, and so on.
I hope to improve my English more so that my English will no longer be an obticle to talking with others.
Today is crismats,
Shoppers use thier own bags instead of getting plastic ones.
They get interested in EV cars, solor panels, and CO2 free stuff.
However, when it comes to buying foods such as fruits, vegitable, and whatever, you bet that they tend to choose fresh ones.
If we consider the eco-friendly options, we should check the date on the pakage and choose the older stuff.
Bcause the older ones keep aging until they are abondaned if people choose only fresh ones.
Hallo, everyone
I'm a little drunk, so I'm worried if I can do my work normally tommorrow.
I went to Woodstook tonight.
It was nice to be there tonight in a familier atmosphere.
So, I do the same way and it tastes delious!!
But my frist instinct is that I shoud still keep on going in my art career.
But a few days ago, his compliants of 4 years ago were reported with the title, 'Jay for Defaming Korea.'
He just grumbled about his tough situation in harsh language that is usually used by many teenagers, but many Koreans are that he decieve us.
The book store near my house went on bargen sale up to 50%.
He told us the proununciation is very important in the learning process, but he also said we needn't worry about poor grammmer because pretty much nobody will care about it when you are chatting in everyday fashion, except for when under a formal situation.
The first time this happened I felt so sad I couldn't say any words ahout that, and I was frightened by this action.
Maybe I get angery but I don't want be weak.
Hope my English have big progross ~ ~
There was a peson who knew me from before (when?) and she called me while I was studying and anked me to be an assistant professor for her English center.
I will take this oppotulities!
Maybe if sometimes, at least once a year, the monsters from our nightdreams would give us gifts. Even if they were modest but pleasant.
Maybe it's becouse I worked 8 nights)
And fiower are blossoming.
If I cannot keep watching them regurally, it cannot help improve my English, so I watch them the way I described.
I notice that my vocabraly expands by reading Englsih subtitles.
So I am really looking forword to these events ^ ^
I'm going to meet Mickey mouse and Miney mouse.
Why can some people commit suicide in order to follow a famous actor or actress whose charecter they cannot truely and wholly understand since they can only meet them through the TV?
Even though I like sining, everyone around me hates to hear it.
If you find samething wrong in my diary, please correct it.
I always think the river is like the Ganges River in Indea.
I am so happy but then, he is a japanes.
``A cracked pot and a holeless lid`` in Japanese means ``Even if we have some faults, we can conpensate for each other.`` I like this kind of idea.
Priority seats are for elderly peaples, expectant mothers and disabled people (people with impediments), but most people who use it are not any of these types of people.
Most of the time, it is used by young peaples and healthy peples who don't need to sit there.
And if a weak person gets on the train, sitting peaples don't offer thier seat, therefore they ignore weak and elderly peaples.
They don't need it, but elderly peaples want to sit there!
For this reason, I went to the photo studio to have my photo taken, which is neede for the/ my student ID.
There must be a/ some reason why Internet shopping has developped as it has.
In conclusion, after all, what is important for us to utilize Internet shopping is an adjustment when a certanin problem has occurred.
* Increase the hability of concentration.
Yesterday, I bought a restaurant buide book ``Michelin Tokyo``.
I don't have beatiful clothes, a wonderful car or a gorgeous girl friend..
I am a graduate student learning English education in primaly school.
Especially I am interested in coopelative learning in the English Education field.
My future dream is to become a teacher in primaly school and to be a researcher someday.
When I rode my autobike on narrow road, suddenly a girl crossed the road in front of me.
I braked hard immidiately.
I am looking forword to meeting someone:)
I am a Chinese student and I live in the Anhui provience. I study at Xuancheng Vocanical (Vocational?) and Technical College. I love English very much.
I watched a movie at the cenema with my friends.
My dauthter will go to Universal Studios Japan with her school on the second week in May.
She dreamed about the amusement park almos every day.
When we got out the attractions, I found that my unbrella was stolen.
My next English speach is about that.
Center entrance examination for univercity
It raists as one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.
Thril, exciting and shocking!!!
So I really appresiate my host mother.
I know that there are meny people in the world, and that they have many diffrent personalities.
Sometimes it amazes me when we can understand each ather.
I'm really bussy now.
However the foreign countries may be not confortable for your research, you will be able to see Japan from different point of view. ``I agree with his opinion. I think the thing missing from Japan is a sense of crisis.
Although the number of peple who eat whales has been decreasing in Japan, some people who lives in the specific areas still hunt whales to make living.
Admittedly we are surrounded by a lot of scintillating gudgets such as video games, personal computers and whatnot.
Though visitors cannot copy anything in IE, I can copy everything in firefox by an extention.
There are some people suggesting to encourage and praise students when they meet difficulty while some other people choose to blam them and sneer at them.
I wish everyone would be friendly and love others, just as you expect to recieve courages from others.
It was hot and spaicy!
Of coure, sightseeing and food or even traditional events snd so on are probably within my knowledge..
But, I'm thinking that I'll need to get enough rest so that I can prepar for the next challenge..
Right now, I don't know what the future holds or what is in store but at the least I want to fulfill my tasks untill the due date.
Hi my nicname is Ryuki.
Thnak you.
I wanted to run the air-conditionar because I wanted to be cooled off.
but it will become more difficult to have time to learn than when we were studens.
I think that the student who recognizes the importance of thire privilege can
make use of thire college life for sure.
When I rode an elevater, I noticed that the elevater car had no door close button.
For instance, I knew ``legilation``, ``archeologist``, but I didn't know
It was simple enought to do.
I can't help tryig other combinations
The opening sound is really familir
I am earger to go to a theather and watch it.
(How could a hundsome boy grow up to an ugly man?)
However I noticed him in the trailar (maybe, full CG?).
It is difficult, there are a lot of new words, I can hardly understant It
Also I was very impressived by other student's topics such as Discrimination.
others confidendtly!!
The Colossal Squid's eye is as large as Soccor ball.
Recentry I gained a little weight.
Plesase give me advice!
I've never been to the mainland of the States but I've been to Hawaii over twent years ago.
That's why you can find many signboads, menu of restaurants and so on which are written in Japanese language and many locals speak Japanese.
Before today, I evrer tried to write a diary in English on my Blogger.
I didn't have a way to find my mistakes and use correct sentenes with this method.
I think it is not good for? to make international rerations.
To make a good rerationship is so hard.
After 1 cup of coffe I was alive.
At this point I have almost forgoet it all.
The breads whici is piping hot, fresh from the oven is delicious.
I got pickpocked
A man bumped into me and walked away without saying anythiug.
The pickpocket fell over and he was caught by sevral other people at the cafe.
It was mostly cloudy in Palau, because it was still the rainny season, but UV was really strong!
Because we made our way on the bas, we were late.
The trouble is that I am not sure about grammers, especially whether the verb tense and the form of words are correct.
Marugame Seimen is a Japanese udon restsurant.
Work was very hard because there were twice as many customers as usual,. I think it was because of sumer vacation.
We're going to study ``Reganomics`` next time.
So I have a lot of troble now.
I found that the pronounciations is different from English.
And I like to talk with foreignors in English.
This mornig, I woke up becouse of thunder sounds.
A street was flooded and I was caought in a traffic jam.
Anyway thease weather was crazy for a few days.
The weather forscsater says tomorrow and the day after tomorrow will be a thunderstorm.
It reminde me of when I made it in Australia.
They are Japanese and Gurman.
When I hve French toast, I think of them.
Hi evry one!
I have moved to a new apartment and I've got a parsonal room.
becouse when I wanna do anything I don't need to worry about my family.
I want to develop my inglish skills!
Thank you evry one.
Everyone of korean has important four obligations.
Its main star is Woopie Goldbarg.
Every Sunday, I watch it on DVD and I repeat Woopie's phrases to practice English,
Insidentally, the opposing team was much better than ours.
I couldn't believe my eas. It sucked.
My appartment has one bedrood, a spacious kitchen, a bathroom and a nice balcony.
I got a list of parsonal dates, and had a shock because most of them are from famous universities.
So check my sentense, please.
It was very difficult to seached for a job because the economy in Japan is very bad right now.
And you are very good at drowing pictures.
I remember crearly my memory in Melbourne.
Today I read a lot of journals and realized it's acutally all about practicing English.
I couldn't fall asleep rencently,
We will have not enoguh time to take care of our baby either.
Athough I want to play, I'm fed up with this unenjoyable lifestyle.
We bought a Chrstmas tree and accessories for it.
Honestly, it truely works.
I am currently studing English at SDA.
I drove to an umbrella shop, got my kids 'umbrellas that had been repaired, and reqested to have another umbrella repaired.
Please help me with my Englishm! I would really appreciate it. Maybe I can even help you with yoiur Chinese.
As we grow up, we come to beware of consitency and not telling lies. If we don't care about those things, it would have a bad impact on not only the people we talk to but also ourselves.
What goes aroung comes around.
I had an opportunity to go to Austrelia to study English for a few weeks when I was high school student.
I: There's a vancancy in my heart.
Why you don't just fill the fucking vancancy?
The reason why I can't fill the vancancy is because I am a coward.
Why don't we just keep silence and time might fill the vancancy when it passes it.
Time might fill it wirh what?
Tommorw, I want to come home earlier than today.
Therefore we are looking for delicious restaurants, sweets shops and supermaket etc, every weekend!
I woke up today very early and I didn't sleep very well at all (((I woke up after every hour at night... (((but it didn't prevent me from doing my morning jog;))) so after a shower I feel freshed and I don't feel any tiredness)))
Just like the life of Europ in the middle age.
good morening.
For the walm condition, there were lots of pollen.
I like spring, but I hate pollen more than I like (hate?) walm day.
This title has tha same name as a Beatles song.
Though I'm in my firrst year of college, the graduation is not as far away as we sometimes imagine.
We drank some wine and some snake, I ordered a ``Streawberry Margarritas``. Before, I didn't kown what a Strawberry Margarita was, but now, I understand. A ``Streawberry Margarritas`` is a sweet-tasting cocktail. I like it.
After that, I met some new friends, they are from Japan and Korea, they are firendly and kind, I like them.
In the University, my favorite place to go is the Library. There are a lot of good books and music (??). The atmosphere is very nice, very quiet. You can read any book you want to. The library is very big and when you want to have a rest you can look out of the window. Everywhere around you can see the trees and hear the birds singing, and feel the wind blow on your face. Fantastic!
When I was a junior high school student, I was told to write a dialy diary by my Japanese teacher.
Now, however, I realize that it's just their sence of humor and that they don't mean anything bad by it.
So, I say ``Sorry, I have olny one and I can't find a replacement here.
I brought the English poket bible when I come to Tz.
It looks like a poket diary and so pretty.
She was born in Poland which was controlled by Rossia at that time.
knowledege of our industry.
Hi, I'm a student in a Master's Program for Product Design and have complated a product called Finger Dance. Finger Dance is a type of digital communication equipment for cold evironment that is used for outdoor survival and rescure in ice disasters or snowstorms.
I went to the spa (open bsth)
Sometimes I make nots when I study so as to remember importent information.
No matter where you go, no matter who your ancestors were, what school or college you have ateended, your best opportunity is in yourself.
This isss it!!
So I closed yahoo messanger.
I'm notgoodat english but it's fun for me to larning
For example, in Japan it's difficult to ajust to strangers.
Japanase people have to go to foreingn countries to solve such a domestic problem, and have to improve their English education to become intersted in communication.
Blue Manday
Today is Manday.
But I always feel tired and groomy on Manday morning.
And nuclear power plant probrems haven't been solved yet.
Next, I pured flour into the chocolate mix and stirred.
The crafter built dragon boats to scare the fish and and turn them away.
For me, I'm dreaming of traveling to foreign countries, like Australia, Egypte, and especially European countries.
I think all of you are the same as me, evryone has their own dream land where he (she) wants to go or he (she) likes aspects of this foreign country, so we choose the language of this country.
People worked and students went to school on satuaday.
I want to be able to speake English to travel abroad, however
I can't speake English well.
And of couse, Oda Nobunaga.
They were turely samurai.
It is really similer to other songs.
This is the first time that DLP lost thier seats in last 50 years.
It also the thired sememster of my college life.
Is it a college studet life?
I had alreay heard of AC/ DC but it was the first time that I had listened to their music.
The eclipse is coming tommorow
Anyway, do you like to go shopping in a crawded place??
There was a terrible earthquake and thunami in West Japan.
For example, airplanes, factry and cars scare me.
I've just finished ``The Shadow of the Wind.`` Actually it's originally Spanish, but I chose an English transleted version
Now I have started ``The Namesake`` by Jhumpa Lahiri, which is reall interesting so far.
Anyways, Sofia came over to my house and we kept talking talktgin talking talking lol. Around 5: 30, we went to downtown to watch it!!
At least in Kamloops. It's a really tiny city, so there is no wonder why you happnen to see ur friends everywhere. lol)
This game was actually really tight, and there were a lot of fightings today, lol. Some of the players were even bleeding lol. Strangely enough, most people looked forward to seeing it. So when it happened, lots of ppl were standing, screaming,& shouting lol
In the end, the Blazeers won!!
I have no idea how she's been studying japnaese for such a short period!!
Gor for it and keep it up sis. <333 We are all missing you, and thinking of you dear!!
I try to stay fit while not having any cigarets
They are relly beautiful and facinating.
You can enjyo food and drinks while veiwing Cherry trees.
But I will definetlly go tomorrow.
I'm happy to find this website because I've wanted to improve my English, espacially my skills in expressing my opinions and feelings properly in English.
Accordind to the company's website, they were actually the first airline in the world to start a pickup service by car.
makeup, hairset, dressing and asetetic.
Then, I will continu when I rettern to Japan.
She said, the Netherlands are going to win, whereas I said the Japanese team will definetely win...
The characters are very fashionable and intersthing.
When I was a child, I heard from my grandmather that there were many treasures under the groud at the end of a rainbow!!!
This is a Japanese regend!!!
What kind of regends about rainbows are there in your country??
Tomatoes originaly grew in South America.
The spanish brought them to Europe in the early 16th centry.
They first grew them becouse they were pretty.
I normally spend timei with her.
movies, music, speaches, and so on.
I'm a student and I'm trying to learn 3 languages at school: english, czech, and germany..
Althou I'm in China, I still like Halloween.
Is it fasshion?
I might speake english like a native someday.
Frankly, I don't want to go ther today.
neverthless I went.
The Interent changes us
The picture depicts a ascene where everyone, women and men, young and old, surf online.
They confine themselces in a seperate room all day.
I'm looking foward to going there, but it means I won't be able to enter the prefecture tornament.
In a florist's I saw many beatiful cyclamens.
I heard that they often eat century eggs in Chinese restaurants in the Philipins from my Plilipino teacher a little while ago.
Other people probably thonght that I was mad, but I like that!
Today I gave an Amarican guy a call through Skype, It is my frist time to use Skype and talk with a Chinesepod student.
I have had lots of students in the last four years, but I teach them face to face, so it's easy to know what thay want to know and want to say.
At the beagining, I was a little bit nervous but we keep the conversation going smoothly!
So I rerieved.
Every time when I actually sit dowm to read some books or do some lesson reviews, it just doesn't work.
Becouse I have purchased a new iMac PC.
Guten Abent!
During my presentation I had a stomacache becouse I was being nervous.
I was so happy and I became more confidende!!
In many stories, there must be an unvision red line that ties two strangers 'little fingers.
I started wrighting this diary today.
I doubted it when I saw the TV seriese because I always have to wait for several minutes when waiting for the green light.
What's more, I saw the long queue in the driving chool I came to notice the line was a****.
It's emberrassing yet I needn't worry to be caught in drunkBen driving.
My happy days will end soon because I decided to get an intership.
One of them is the mulfunction of a gene that produces a protein that bridges between synapses.
That's why I've studide English hard but I haven't developed speaking nor writing skills.
Recentley, I have had no time for myself.
Sometimes it makes me tierd.
Without anyg interupting.
Alrigh, morons!
Threre are many other places to go.
The tray and spoon, which I bought at Togakushi in Shinshu, are made of bamboo.
Looking for a suitible Partner
Yeah, finially, I opened my mouth.
Althouth they refused me as some of them were not English native speakers or they had already had a partner.
Although the rice was a little tough, it was so dericious.
However, the chief of our speech section said that his perforemance was too passionate/ exaggerated.
He told me that, while Japanese judges tend to demand speekers to deliver thier speech emotionally (?), foreign judges want speekers to deliver their speech naturally.
The cief said that his speech was too calm.
That rlly impressed me,
This thoguht crossed my mind.
I have to admit though, I do like the tast of meat.
I was rlly shocked that people can be that cruel.
``You have two choices, you can waite here untill the electric power is restored, or you can finish now.
Three of my friends came to my house to studey English together as usual this morning.
The street from Hajajuku station of JR yamanotesen to Meiji street is called ``Takeshitadori``.
It is vry fun for me because there are many kinds of cool shops, for example apparels, restaulants, sweets shops, nail shops and so on.
``Backpacker`` is a name for someone who loves to travler.
So, when I found this site, I was pleased with it, registerd right away and tried to write a lot.
I don't know if this method will lead to a high score in TOEIC immediately, but acctually, I really enjoy studying and I sometimes think in English now even in daly life.
She sent a message to me yesterday to make an appiontment to study Thai and chinise for when I traval with my frineds in Kaoget.
so this is why I am a luky girl because I don't pay money to study Chinese because I have chinise friend alrealdy ye ye!!
after that, we talked about how we plan to study chinise and Thai. You know, it will be reall easy to her to do. We depant to study on Tueday and wesnesday and Sunday every week.
it is really easyk for her to do but not me because I don't have any experien before. Thank you for reading.
Hello, my wonderful friends I can see someone in the internet caffee righ now who I think I might know.
He/ she? is [BLUE] yonger [/ BLUE then me.
I think we had a small prblem? a long time ago.
expeclly since I dont 'know what I would say.
You may think it is funny going to a rock festibal despite us being so old.
At times like this, to avoid misinterpretation and unnecessary panic, the Venusinas consulted their Martian/ Venusian Phrase Dictionary.
She then attempts to help him by asking qustions or talking about what she thinks the problem is.
I need you to ask me questions to assist me in discovering what is happening. ``At this point she prceeds to anger him by asking questions when he real wants to be left alone.
``It's all right`` translated into Venusian means ``Thsi is a problem but you are not to blame.
You can abuse me and I can abuse you ``or she hears`` It's all right this time, bt remember it is your fault.
Without this translation, when he says ``It's no big deal`` she may hear ``You are making a big deal out of nothig.
Without this translation, when he says ``It's no problem`` she may hear ``Thsi is not a problem.
Sometimes what he is relly saying is the opposite of what she hears.
The best way to show our love, in my opinion, is to strengthen our abilityof to deal with things and give others a hand if they are in some troubl or need some help.
They also recommend watching movies with English subtitles to understand eery sentence!
Completery finished
Apart from the good news, I had a bad one. Well, my IELTS socre was so bad, that I couldn't believe I had it...........
Good morning evryone.
Even you can improve the language (that) you 're styuding
Then, I can somehow unserstand what they say.
This was a antiaircraft and was used in positions on a alot of ships.
I was satisfacted watching these things!
A salemans?
It is a little difficle for me, but I'm trying to get better at.
It will be good motivative for the author, I think.
I asked her a little about her coutry.
Jessie, I can feel a fireplace's warmth and I can smell cofee in my mug when I listen to your music.
My thow is so painful.
The porpose is follows,
Anyway, I will try to write my blog about my situation befor departing and such, and about living in US.
Please teach me a cool openning word.
It all started fifteen years ago, when I was saving some mone for a rainy day.
He booked accomodation and a car.
From Acuckland to Rotorua it took about three and a half hours by car.
Since I've started, I have kept myself phisically fit and maintained a healthy lifestyle.
l ike to eat Japanese food, though sometimes it is expensive!
I have an acute feeling that I have to stady English.
I try to stady English a little bit.
We were [very/ especially] exsited to watch Shizuka Arakawa win the gold medal in Torino!
I was very surprized when I heard the news.
During the holidays, I have to finish my school work, essay and other impotant tasks which still aren't done.
I've gotta tell you somthing that's been on my mind.
We were instintly attracted to each other.
Why do we make beautiful plans for the future when we are accupied and do not carry them out when we are free?
I think I would be at ease with wirtten Japanese composition, but at a loss in English.
My abdment and left elbow hurt.
He had nothing to grab onto and could hardly stand, but the midle-aged man on the priotity seat just kept sitting.
That milde-aged man looked at the old man and looked at me again. I thought his conscience was starting to bother him.
I must work and perfome my experiment tomorrow morning.
However, I could not agree less. Based on the view that other training institutions (such as vocational colleges) are better suited to teach practical tachniques, forcing universities to teach educaiton courses would violate our freedom to choose our career path.
Because universities are not the only places that can provide employment preparation courses, but are the only places providing acedemic educaion.
Apparently, no other institution can replace universities 'ability to cultivate people in a particular acedemic field, and that is the main reason why people pay theie tuition fees.
Moreover, universities are not the best place for practical skilld trainings. There are thousands of insititutions and employers who can provide the more up-to-date training that the workforce needs to perform their jobs.
In sum, in comparison with universities, employers and other institutions are better-equipted and better-quanlified to prepare people for the employment market.
The graphic of that was drawn by the famous Japanese desighner who did the animation for ``Evangelion``.
It's Blues, which Clapton is always in, meets hip-hop rythem style which is really comfortable enough for me to listen to it for about 10 years.
Anyway, I am reallly looking forward to the new album.
Advertisement says that the sound of that is more blues oriented including the old Robert Jhonson's songs.
Hi wonderfull people!
I know people from everywhere and they speak English because they have seen a lot of moives in their original language
Some people define them as vegitable.
Air condetioner, fan,
Yesterday, I bought a new degital sigle-lens camera.
This week I have a 6-days trip and want to take picutues at night with better focus.
Hearing the explanations, I thougt I understood,
I'm not good at mecanical macines, so I concious that it is very difficult to use new camera at this trip.
I hope someone corrects these sentenses.
The first I heard about it was from an acquaintence in the US, who claimed to suffer from hearing loss.
(Concequently his senior and I didn't work out.
Tommorrow is the last day of winter vacation.
To begin with, I wrote my intoduce.
I like to watch dramas, exspecilly Japanese dramas and Korean dramas.
This is the frist time that I wrote a diary in English!
The face I saw was one of my frined who I hadn't seen for a couple of years.
But it was great time to make new friends and I leaned some good expretions from the teacher.
I am studying for my exams at the university's cluster room, but I am fleezing as the air conditioner is turned up very high.
I ate spagetthi which I got take-out near my home yesterday.
Fortunately, thanks to suffient sleep and the spagetthi with plenty of garlic, she seemed to be restored.
Monster Hanter
Of Ofcorse, this event is not for me.
Gozila went wild!!!!!!!!!!!
In Japan, today's main topcs is baseball player, Matui's play.
His face is strange, his play is ecellent!
of Matui.
But in japan, Ichiro (marinars) is more popularar than Matui () Yankees
Matui is not found [?], as far as I kow.
This time Matui's super play was suprised in japanese.
Gozila is a Japanese treasure.
Japan's gov spends less money on sports than other contries do.
Otherwise, Japan will probablely continue to lose its competitiveness.
So I will go to bed ealy.
She went out to the new sun room that is waiting for the maerial for the floor to finish then she found an old man.
He walked into the imcomplite sun room so Siri said ``Who are you?`` He didn't say anything for a while then Siri found that he had a name tag on his shirt then recognized the name.
This house is nice but there are some extensions that need work and have parts done in an irregular or inperfect way that was recognized by my host family.
What's a Smok Test?
When the bell rung, I thought I would be caught in the rain in on the way to back to my dormitry.
Sonner, my hair and clothers have been soaked and I feel cold.
In there, I feel amued by my appearence, so once again I rush in the rain.
[Replace with lower sentence] and, I find an armbrella abrve my head.
A charming smile appeard and says 'are you ok?'.
On the way to the dormitory, she talks with me in a gentle way, and walks me into my dormitory, althong she doesn't live there.
So many couples will choose MDH to celebravt their weddings.
I came back from the battle field. I am still aliving.
I saw many black passports there, because recently the Japanese government has changed the desgin of Japanese passports from red to black.
I hope they will go back to Japan ASAP, and work for the Japanese goverment and be rich Japanese forever.
So when time was almost over, I had only finished around 85%, so I had to randamly answer the rest of questions.
I hope I get over 800 marks, but my result wil probably be around 600 marks.
It's probably because this is my real lauguage skill.
Rreading speed.
My sock doll is not finsh.
Btw, he looks so yammy.....
These days I'm sutdying English very intensely.
yesterday, I fiished writing my graduate thesis.
now, I am in the bangkok airport wating to bording a flight to indiia.
Each candidate comes out with his own political manifesto to make the country better. However, depending on who is elected, everything will go on to be different from the way it is now, which will be enough to affect anohter countries all over the world.
Anyway, it is absolute that last night was an inportant day, so I thought that essentially everyone else was interested in the election.
Well, it is partically ture but in fact, not everyone did take notice of it.
Tommorow I have a Chemistry test 0. o I studied hard but I think I'll fail.
The childred are the happiest.
They have long holiday and get more pocket money, new clothes and presents from their parents or reltives.
We Chinses have an old tradition.
So the traffice is now very difficult.
It is the internet that has had the most powerful infulence on me for the prevailance of computers in my life.
untill the new news hit me.
I think I am not going anywhere so I'll clearn my room and I'll make/ cook something that I want to eat when I get hungry.
I'm in the Tlavel Tourism Couse.
I don't wark at a part time job, but I do waant to work at JR Toukai in the future.
The toughest part of my school woek is overseas geography.
New degital camera
Today, I'd like to write about a new degital camera.
What do you think of trends in new degital cameras?
So I wonderd:
In Japan, we eat 'ozoni', which means mixed ingredients in soup, as a traditional custum during the New Year week.
^ ^; The New Year is supposed to be a holidy, but it's not a holiday for me.
For that, I should study grammer, words and phrases.
all of the world know that the chinese school uniform is too uglily.
For the last statistics of these votes, the winner will have the moste votes for the type of school uniform.
The reason we went to wrong place was the pronunciation of the place we wanted to go to and the place we went to were the same if you pronounce it in Japanse.
We Japanese people are basically coverd by health insurance,
Recently, we have been runnning up a big medical bill in Japan,
into practice to reduce medical expence.
This counceling is not compulsory.
In China students learn English from middle school to college, but, there are not many students who can learn English well. First our mindset is wrong. Some of them think that learnning English is a burden. To pass the exam is their only purpous.
Second, the big circumstance is so bad. It is very difficult for you to find people to communicate with you in English. Someone may think if one person got a high mark, his or herEnglish is very good. I do not think so. We all konw that language is a tool that we can use to communicate with others.
The rapidity of morization is fastening.
I went sgopping at 10: 00 this morning,
Fortuntely, South korea has developed accommodations called Jjim-jil-bang.
But today, goods for the Japanease New Year were on display.
Recently, I offen thought that I would want to study English again.
I went to an Englisn-speaking country and was been there for 7 years.
When I was overseas, I didn't watch English news channels or movies, I could not understang the popular programs, as I have no idea about their culture background.
I want to listen to, speak, writting, and read English better than I do now.
I'm requied to learn formal words rather than informal.
In my case, I'm exporsed to formal situations most often.
During class or school, I would hardly have a chace to use slang.
But I am not a catepillar, so I give up.
Since the bowl has become empty, finally you can eat an ordinally meal.
I never say ``Don't worry. its gon to be allright`` to make them relax because I am a teacher.
Can you have a reccomend a drama?
The night safari and taxy companies are friends or couples.
I am a brave man, but when we tookt a tram there, I sat beside a fat American couple because they possibly cannot run faster than me.
Prpbably they can't jump over it.
If they do so, does the safari pay a copensation to us?
So we had to take a taxy, and it was already over 00: 00 a. m..
The taxy fare cost DOUBLE.
I think that the night safari and all taxy companies are friends or couples.
I applied for an open positon at my company.
There is a votanical garden there famous for wisterias.
However, the wisterias are not in full bloom. I enjoyed beautifull flowers and pleasant smells.
Nevertheless, the differenent this time is that I only grilled two wings and a leg.
I looked at my phone and received a message from my nailist.
When you taste stawberry cake, your mouth and brain will immediately be filled with sweets.
My mum lives in Shimoda City, at the head of the Izu peninsura.
I had a bad hedache yesterday, so I wanted to leave my office on time today, but I couldn't.
I was very disappointed and felt sorry because I was supposed to give the data to two colleagues but I had to keep them wating.
What sould I do?
Firstly, since my previous laptop wore out within a very short period of time, I am looking to buy a laptop which is more durable and has a garanty for at least two years.
First, I'd like to introdusce myself.
It was baced onthe true story of someone's life, and we changed some part of the story.
I noticed there were some probrem with my leg
Nobody could explain why it happend.
And so I guess some birds made a noise or hicuped and dropped them.
I deside not to doubt it.
I miss you like as a friend who cooks with me, watches some movie and cries, smokes a cigarrette and talks, talks about life or silly things.
The last time I saw you I couldn't hyde that I wanted to cry because my confidence has gone.
I hope air heatings will become unnecessary.
but statisyics is very difficult.
I am stuying English at a university class now.
Yesterday was the summer solstic.
Though it's after midnight now, 3: 30am, maximam temperture is 30 degrees celsius.
No work, no rush hour, no clock alerm......
I was satisfacted even though I hoped I could watch one more game with them in the next stage.
Today (yesterday exactlly) I met friends and made plans to travel this week.
But I'm lookkng forward to do it.
By the way I want to know th difference between personal and private.
The weather forecast has promised that the wheather will be fine!
It is always beautefull and at this moment, you can find many different champions.
Because it was getting late, we promissed to see each other tomorrow.
How to avoid the scroching world.
as if a strom would arrive on the spot.
There is a certain day I cannot concentrate doing anyting no matter what, frustrats me, and today is the day I guess.
I am dog-tired and all of a sudden, I got a brain wave that may would take away my agony of the hot world, which techenically has a big global warming issue.
The fresh idea is going into a huge refrige that is for tons of chickens, saying farewell to the world for a while.
Because a cup of beer I had was $ 13 dollors!!!!!!
The problem is my lisnening for English!!!
I'm going to meet Crysti, my laungage exchange partner, at Ginza after work.
So, could you help my studing English?
``Kaiten-zushi`` restaurants have rotaing sushi on a conveyor belt, and you can help yourself to anything on the conveyer belt.
Maybe that is becuase she is working now, and I am still a poor student, but it does not mean that I don't want to spend any money on her or other people.
I know venders don't wash vegetables so the food is not very hygenic, and they are so expensive, but the festive mood always make me want to buy!
``I will go to Austrlia``, one girl said.
Howerve, if I don't have enough money then I will go to work for one year.
By the way, I learned a word pronounceation.
Austrlia and New Zealand's English are close to England accent, is it?
Yesterday I learned that there are UNIQULO shops in the Philippines.
I didn't think that UNIQULO shops would be in the Philippines.
I saw a situation in which many adult waited for the elevater to come.
I checked my self as I listend.
I will try to listen to it and pray to slove my situation.
In my opinon, there are many changes in american's way of thinking.
They want to chage and achive their hopes by voting for Obama.
, I had also hoped for Obama to be president, and I am looking forward to watching the nauguration speech on TV.
I have no doubt tomarrow will be a historical event.
I learned about this site by a potal site.
I'm too tired of typying.
I sould be a discreet person.
It's origine is a mystery novel called ``Kokuhaku`` written by Kanae Minato. It got a book store award in 2009.
first, I paied the full money.
when I will get MCAS finaly, I will be so happy.
hallo everyone.
We have to admitt that we are soft and cry more easily, because we are more emotional than men.
This my point of view, and I am ready to defend it. Now it's your turn to say whether women can be leaders or not, but don't forget to justify your point of veiw.
I'm studying English because I have a test tomorow.
The library is a very wamly and silent place that I can efficiently do my work.
First of all, I said that Japan's Prime Minister, Hatoyama, is a lier because he changed his mind and postponed the deadline of resolving the base relocation issue in Okinawa.
It on Monday morning so before warking, I have to get up earlier than usual.
My life is not blliriant like yours,
It's relly interesting when you think of this, isn't it?
There are some facilities in the final station. There is a souvenior shop, a restaurant, and even a mini theater.
Learnig something is very exhausting and time consuming.
It's been a long time since I've written a jurnal.
It is said that Japanese people are strict abour time.
Their color and design are very attractive to me.
My dreeam is go to NYC.
So, I've decided that I will write on this site two times a day at least untill I go back to school.
Then, I guees that I don't have much time for writing, but I'll still be back here.
I took my parents to the best restaurant in the neighboring town that afternoon because it was Respect-for-the-Aged Day in Japan yestereay.
I'm not married, and I'm living alone in a dornitory.
He live in northan part of Tokyo.
So now, I am a little bit disapointed.
And after reading it, we had to explain and summerize it.
Anyway, I had to follw her explanations and summerization about it.
I had wanted to say `` Becuase I am a learner ``.
I just kept silient.
I am feeling nervas.
lol And I feel exausted.
I don't know why, but I drank 2 cups of coffe at 4 AM.
When a man went up in the tree and hit braches with a stick, persimmons began to drop one after another.
I was very shoked.
lol I was very worried however there were no people arond the bucause arond there were very rural places.
so if you are ok, add me as your friens, please ^ ^
I'm afraid that my English is all wrong, but I think that I have to keep enough coureag for this lesson.
So I decided to learn English. Unfortunately, I naver learned either because I was lazy. This time is different.
mabey I can do it.
he has already left Korea and the other friend is going to South Afreeca next month.
The main traning is running.
Actually, I had loved a man who came from an other countury as an exchanging student.
I've been in Oxford in the UK for 9 mounthes, and came back to Japan last mounth.
I want to keep improving my English even though I'm in Japan, so I jonined Lang-8.
When I listened to the music, I understoond that what I studied was useful.
However, when we eat bread, we prefer cafe au lait, milk or cofee.
What do we think about our future, where to go and what to say? It's ridicurous for us to be mumbling about our world where we're living.
My anut went with me when I got my haircut.
Both of them are the same conpany, aren't they?
I was interested in the article because it said the Oxford Enlish Dictionary deicided to introduce FYI in its latest edition.
I am now learning English, but I found it is difficult to master the using costom of English.
He wanted to say that I've often told resonable (good) excuses.
I have managed to communicate with foreiners in English.
in dairly life.
I have wanted to know the lebel of my English objectively.
I asked him the reason why he would take TOEIC test.
He wants to know his English lebel to make more progress in his English.
Because I 'm a good ecuser basically.
Would you correct this script leaving some comment about my writting, pronunciation or the content of speech?
My self introductin:
I'm a Univercity student.
They conversed with each other in English, I was desparate to follow along.
I decided to strrugle studing English more, for opportunities when foreign costamers visit.
Tmrrw I'll try to tweet more often.
What is a satisfactory standand of English in AS?
well, I got so litle time to study tough, with work hours from 9am to 7pm...
The political sence of Obama is bad.
as standard-because standard itself is uncertain, genaral, so it can't be used itself with an article. (see comment)
We only can talk at work because we met togerther at work.
Yeah. thank you guys for reading this diary agian ~ ^_ ^
I am 21 yaers old and work at a raduo station. I'm still a University student and my major is mass communication.
As for me, I use all of these websites, and I think eacn of them is great if you exploit their strengths.
My mother is an excelent cook. I don't like to cook but today I'm going to help her becouse it's a lot of work for only one person.
I always enjoy staying with my mother because she is very symphatic and friendly. We spend lots of time talking about our lives. Our conversations are interesting, and I always learn a lot from them.
It was a beutiful view from Tokyo Tower.
I love to go up to Tokyou Tower, so I went there.
I kept looking at Tokyou Tower from the outside. The view was still beautiful. Then, I headed to Shinjuku and had supper with my friends.
Now he is sisk, because of being too excited.
I've enjoied those things.
I try to write in English dialy.
Futhermore, some characters also died from that.
So I probabry can't get home for a while.
I like the that morment.
Recentry, I bought an iPad.
Last week I was watching a survey on a BBC TV program that was being broadasted while I was about to eat.
Suddenly the results showed something I didn't expect: only one in 10000 people had achieved their lofe-long goals.
My pieces of work were admired by my teachers and were the cause of envy of many of my classmates and other collegues.
There was even a time when one of the most respected professors I had, Mr Smith, commented that my work, ``ressembled that of the geniuses of the Renaissance period``.
That's why I joined a group of alternative artists in my city and since then, I have been working on utterly different projects which range from traditional painting with a small brush to extream air body painting or even crazier stuff.
Despite thoes weather, I still went there.
I have calss this morning so I have to got up early this morning....
Saty up late was so tiring for me.
I'm trying to conitinue writing my English diary.
I didn't want to be like that and I felt kind of fearness because they looked just like a disposable wipe.
As you might know, Playing golf in Japan is pricy.
I had a phone interview for graduate shools.
I am wating for the result now, but it will probably be bad news...
I forgot almost everythiong I wrote.
In my thesis, I predicted the oil price was jumping due to speculation by investers and that this bubble would pop.
What I predicted was what exactly happend after one year.
Therefore, Oil became a target for investers at Wall street.
In the stock market, it does not usually happen, but oil flactuates violently.
So investers who want to take advantage of this market are never ceasing.
But Oil is absolutely nessesary for our life.
I don't know when alternative evergy will be practical.
So oil has to be steadily suppilied and should not be dealt with like loans and other financial products.
I may do excesise or play teniss in the gym every day.
These last few days I have seen almost every Olimpic game featuring Taiwanese players.
In good weather like this, I whant to meet friends and sit by a fire and enjoy nature.
I need a TNA down jacket as well to keep my body warm outside in the freazing world.
Even if the main charactrers are autistic, thery are the special people whom I've never seen before.
What is the diference between ``a piece of paper`` and ``a sheet of paper``?
Altough we talked awkwardly in the beginning, after an hour we started to open up.
I felt at ease that my students opend up,
Before the meeting, I went to the Ueno Park, where is famouse Cherry Blossom tree.
This was my first time being challeng by the TOEIC test.
I am not good at memorizing English idioms and expressions, because they have different sences from Japanese, so I cannot imagine the background of the words.
For example, the expression 'What in the world' relates to the feeling of suprising, correct?
Practice practice pracice!
I think I will meet so many difficults about communicating with foreign teachers.
At 5 o 'clock, I go to laern baking cakes.
I wonder why goaches aren't as much popular as watercolors.
While driving back to their (T and L) residence, we happend to talk about curse words because they were very sinful to Catholics.
A new andoroid app is avairable now.
onsequense: We decided to go for a trip as a cinsequense of the long discussion.
influense: I had great influense from the book he wrote.
But since the day I left elementary school and entered high school, there was always a certain matter that kept bugging me: ``Why did I even choose enterpreneurship, as my future course?``
(or) sore ha onaji tokoro ni attearu
Today I bigin my diary.
But, that was 32 years ago, I did not speak Engrish then.
I didnn't really feel anything but this past one day, I felt a little sad.
This weekend, I am going to teke a test 'Eiken'
I am studying Engkish very hard!!!
I have to submit my contents by next munday.
for examful, someone who is working in Samsung has intelligent qulification and Samsung invents high quality products.
In the case of sportman, from middle school, they exhaust all their energy.
In conclusionly, we have many human resources, and we tend to persue the first place and ignore second and thirth place.
In conclsion, living in Korea is so difficult.
in our small county, there are many super koreans in baseball, in figure sketting, in soccer and in academia.
I was very nurvous because I have never played dancing.
I would like to improve my English and learn other languages, Chinease, Spanish etc.
for bussiness use.
My favarite things are FC.
I'm trying to study English by listening to a song over and over (Is there any diffirence between ``over and over`` and ``time after time``?).
I am on winter vaction.
Unfortunatly, I didn't start studying English at the beginning of winter vacation.
Instead, I always watched muvies and dramas.
But, it is so adiction, and
I have studied English since I was 12 (so I have studied it for 6 years!), but I can't speak Englesh very well.
I also started studing German this Spring.
Your prompt reply would be highly apreciated.
My English is not very good, expecially in writing.
After working, I sotpped at the shopping center near the station.
I bought a book and looked arond.
Then I was worn out becouse of work, I felt better.
Sweets mekes me happy.
so I've relly treasured the time spent with him these past few days.
Always is a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place in the world, specialy about towns I know.
Unfortanely I have found some mistakes in the information about parking in the city center.
Also the Museum of Natural History is closed, due to some vandals who broke some skeletons lasta week.
I make the most of the freedom during vacation in the noon by watching Korean video dorama.
I look foward to watching it everyday except for the weekends.
Yesterday, however I couldn't watch it because I worked on my thesis in the liblary. In addition, my home's video recorder has trouble now, so I couldn't use it.
When the dorama started, I have felt a sense of ``dejavu``!
Please go out and buy it at the nearst shop '
I couldn't belive what she said and I asked her how could I go out in such a storm.
She was an optimistic pesron, but could I go to the shop safely and buy the miso paste?
I am too anxious to make many good friends who come from different countries for konwing different cultrues.
It was really embarass.
There are still many silly things I didn't mention, because it is very embarass.
The topic made thier conversation restart and they ended up staying there another hour.
I think I should try not to eat at donalds to stay healthy.
I have been insisting on buying a lottery ticket since the beginging of this year.
Becouse in Japan they think New year's is an important thing.
Budget compliation
Especialy, '' Christmas '' remains in the impression.
When '' TOM& JERRY '' was relrieved by You-Tube, '' Christmas '' was found.
During today's lesson, I felt that foreighner have similer characteristics.
It's ture.
This show was on my Favorited chanal.
I was scoled by the teacher for my cellular or cell phone call during the class of mathmatics.
I know it's amazing, but it's ture.
So, please tell me what to do because I don't know what to preprasion.
And could you please tell me a good pleace for food in Guam.
Many of the younger generation much study very hard to suceed.
I got airplane tickets for a New York trip next summer so I went to a travel agency yesterday.
I paied a deposit of thirty thousand yen.
Something new and good is likely to happaen there,
Today I was very unluck.
And in biology class I didn't finish my homewoke, so my teacher made me go to the lunch room.
Sometimes you can see some coulour fish.
Her songs are awsome, right?
Perhaps I should be happy for it because it is an eveidance of my last four years of hard work.
Maybe I am a sensible boy but I realy treasure the friendship between us very much.
The woman (Aki, Autumn) waits for her ex boyfriend for 2 years, but falls in love with a new man (Halu, Spring).
Making Tempra now
I'm making Tenpura now.
I don't like using lots of oil for cooking, because my kitchen becomes oily, but my mother-in-law taught me how to make Tempra and if I didn't do it by myself, she'd get angry.
That's why I'm making tempra today!!
Why doesn 'CASIO put the temperature sensor on the top of the watch?
Peple hung fish kites from their looftop, and wished for their children's health and success.
I don't understand the content of song rylics.
I know that many people say the same thing, but I really am a biginner.
I started studying English in Marth.
I hope to take a trip to Switzerland next year becouse I want to visit a museum at Bern.
I have applied for schools in NY, LA, SF, San Diego and Seattel.
Today, I went to a sports gim with my colleague.
Of Offcourse, if you want, I would like to do that kind of thing for you I. e. Reading a japanese book aloud, slowly.
A friend of mine recommaned this web site yesterday.
If this factory is not managed very effectively and efficiently according to specifif rules, it's prone to polluting the local fresh air and water, and an ideal community which should be quiet.
Secondly, to make sure the shipping of materials and products and the employees 'communte are more convenient, the local roads will have to be rebuilt and broadened, resulting in improved public transportaion.
Why did Japanese film ``Depertures`` get to win the Academy for best foriner film?
In sevior cases, young people commit suicide because they can't bear the stress.
Tragidies happen everyday in the current greatly changing society.
We can dig into different aspects of this issue, including cultural factors, Chinese history, as well as national charactoristics.
First of all, regarding what Chinese believe in, I would say every Chinese believes in Confutionism.
Secondly, in the aspect of history, China has gone through a difficult time throughout its 5000-year history, and during the past dacades, the great leap forward has created both opportunities and failures such as many dropouts in the last generation.
For example, internatinal airports made it easier for foreign people to come to Japan.
For instance CNN on YouTube or somethig like that.
For me, no I should say for foreiners, it's quite convenient to listen to these programs.
Generally speaking, in Japan people think that topics like politics, riligion, private diseases, etc are tabu.
But I don't think it is good to talk loudly and emotionally saying how riduculous your opinion is or how stupid you believe some team is.
Last week I went to see Alice in Wanderland.
He is really a genious, I think.
It is amaging that I was so much impressed at once just by listening to this piece of music.
I am about to graducate.
At first I wanted teaching as my career, but with more and more positions appearing, I'm becoming aware that I was stupied to ignore lots of jobs except taacher.
I loved it when I wached it a few years ago in Hungarian.
Also, his explamations are easy to understand.
My best friend said 'you shoud just ask him, and don't talk about your dogs.
I remenber when I talked about my dogs to the doctor, he almost yawned, and I was a littele bit sad.
By the way, my best freind got divorced recently, and now she is also interested in another man.
However, the man's attitude twords her are getting down.
Sor far, you have not shown any successful results. ``
``Why do [es] everyone talk about the abandonment of a nuclear power plant, though they don't talk about the abandonig of automotors?``
``Automotors kill many people by accident, however a nuclear power plant hasn't kill anyone yet.``
I was happy to het him.
Unfortenately, there was an accident, he fell into a lake and died.
I rememered that I took it
We had a one-centimeter snowfall.
I made muffine as I watched the snow.
Airplain schedules are always disrupted on snowy days.
The picture is of my muffine.
I hanen't packed for the/ my trip yet.
First of all, Obama's speech was effective, strong and scareful to me.
This friend likes scketching like me.
Finally, I watched ``Valkyrie`` (acually I wanted to watch ``The day the Earth stood still``, but it had not come up yet.
to meet my favorate friends.
I just learned one thing from an artical I read today, that was if you keep doing one thing for 4 weeks, it would become or would change your habit.
I wanna make a little bit of progress everyday in order to let studying english be one of my hatits.
Frist, I'll list the key words I've heard today in a conversation that I don't use often, or usually use in a wrong way.
overhaul (totally change), excutive producer (movie producer), illstration (make an example to prove), significant (extraordinary), nifty (nice), municipality (Beijing municipality), forbidden city, terracotta warriors, potala palace (tibet)
girls: beautiful, gorgenious, sexy, fabulous,
I was so excitedto to see it!!
Today one of my co-wokers was absent.
I think it's time to read a grammar book again.>_ <Yack!!!
I went to a glass atelier and try to glass-working with ten friens last Sunday.
He invited me his house and we had lanch together.
Pancakes, spaketti, beef and chiken.
And I had a discount coupon for Lotteria (a Korean Hamberger chain).
After we finished our lunch, we dicided to go to eat some more.
I suffer from not understanding what he says because he talks so fast and my lack of vocablary.
Now, I am studing about the present perfect and past perfect tenses.
Since different people from differen ethnic groups such as Persian, Bakhtiari, Aramaean, Turkish, Arab live in this province, you can find diverse Persian cultures and traditions in defferent parts of Isfahan.
When he is good, his color is lighter and when he feels bad, his belly become a brack stripe pattern.
I want to learn many things about this kind of dragon to take care of him propery.
they are nudool and fried eggs, which are so easy to make.
some eggs and nuddle soup mix or broth
this way, it tast very fresh and better than the plain taste.
just waitting for good news from me.
The textbook's title is ``Tottaly True Book 3``.
Both days were very voring.
I'm looking forwared to it.
I haven't studied for my science quiz tommorow =(I always procrastinate the things I find difficult.
I'll write a small review when I receve it.
But honestley, I don't have good memories there.
These instruments are guitar, drum, base, keybode, and others!
I was inpressed!!!!!
Day 96: Too straghtforwards.
Today one of the unties said to me that I am too straghtforward.
As I really wanted to have Cristmas doughnuts, I dived right in.
I suppose that Cristmas here in Japan is very commercial.
Many food shops launch Cristmas products.
Did a tyhoon hit Hamamatsu!!?
So I was greatful for his suggestion.
Summsr Vacation
We could watch the lions, Forses, birds, etc.
Because of it, I was often scolded by my mother who then seid, '' study hard, or I'll dump it!/ throw it away!
Now my interst have moved from playing games to playing music and studying foreign langueges.
Anyway, I will fullfil my big dream in 2010!
I started a dialy on lang-8.
Becouse I view English sites, but I don't understand them.
I will try to wirte in my diary in English.
and I'm writng a diary entry to waste time until I'm ready to go out.
May is biginning.
May is bigining today.
He seems to be busy, he asked me to comfirm the appointment.
I tried to call hime later in the afternoon.
But I failured to make it!
Someday If I visit France, the bierth place of Macaron, I want to eat it.
Please recomend your favorite:)
I find it defficult to express my opinion,,,
At first I would like to thank for every who cheicked my article.
Every dayhhhh I have to study Japanese and do a part-time job too.
Although I am Asian, the Japanese words mean the same in Chinse in many sistuations.
I am so unhanppy with my roommate.
I think we go to study abord as a college students, so we must do our best in our studying.
I heard about the place of the Russia nuclear reactor accitendent olace is called Chernobyl.
So I must inprove myself such as Japanese English and confidence.
Besides, we have school lunce in such a terrible classroom.
Anyway, I guess I was suspected by an old man while I was runnning in a nearby park today!!: <
I spent time researchin Amakudari.
. I may keep studying by myself, but I need some oppotunites to practice my English.
I'm bad at grammer and spelling.
My room is on the first floor, so he set the ladder up and escaladed.
My colleages bought a bin of millks, and we chugged them down.
In Japan, people who want to get a job need not only some skills or a good abilty to communcate with co-workers, but also, good academic backgrounds.
I relly appreciate your help:)
Today my theacher took me and my friends to Spectum in his car.
Spectum is the biggest shpping mall in Irvine (maybe).
I (need subject) think that there's no better way to improve my Japanese skill than making Japanese friends, I'm reciently tried (past tense) to make japanese friends on the net and got a few.
Please tell me how to use other langage.
Although she said it was not seriouse,
My homestay father is a big fan of Chinese kong fu and so in love with Chinese language, he really wants to learn Chinese.
So I wnat have a place for learning English.
Hoever in my case I got transferred here regardless of my desire.
They learned Japanese, mathmatics, and social studies from 9: 00 to 15: 00.
We ate the korian food at komart.
Some languagese learners would like to discuss/ talk about the different aspects of languages, I really enjoy that!!!
Now andthen, I always recall the wonderfui times we havewhen we get together.
(Sometimes I do, tempted by the tasty look and favors?!!)
Cars can't come near the firewarks venue, people looked at firework on the street.
But the firewark were very beautiful!!
have you ever expreienced something like this?
The quaill eggs were sold in 4 packs for 1000 won.
I have naver been abroad, so I haven't experienced this lol
It forms the boarder between Thailand and Laos, and is the gateway to Vientian, the capital of Laos.
This weekend I'm going to take a train and then go to Vitentian.
When I went into the travel agent's office, a local Thail woman attended to me and she was really gorgeous.
Althought it's boring when we are wating, I believe that when we see the picture in the magazine will find out that it was all worth it.
We enjoyed and feld happy ^ ^
If you choose egg you can order egg udon or egg sobe.
I went to kaiten-zushi for dinner yeaterday.
So I can eat those without thinking which dish is cheap or expencive.
It was ivory, long sleeves, and hagh-necked.
Study english-steadily (regularly) studing is very difficult.
I konw this road will be very hard for me-a girl who are not a native.
Besides, I have 7-8 lessons at school every day exept Saturday as on Saturday I have 6 lessons which are over at half past 1 p. m. When my groupmates decided when the courses would start on Saturday I asked to begin them after 2 p. m. But nobody supported me even those who didn't care when to start.
Toay is Monday in Japan.
Is it becasue I am a typical Japanese or am a coward??
Books can enable a child to develope his or her own reading skills and power of concentration.
First, by touching letters in books, said child can develope reading skills.
Japan is a moutainous country.
3/ 4 of the total area are moutains or hills!
I had eaten too many unhealthy foods for a semester, and even though I only ate a little each day when I lived in the city of my school, I still beome fat.
Japan has had a taugh experience since the earthquake and tsunami in March this year.
When I see the people's attitude toward saving electrivity, It always reminds me about the nature of the Japanese.
the first picture is of ``kinako mohi``
I'm happy that my wish was fufilled!
My job keeps me very busy, so I don't have enough time to learn Engish.
The next challenge is one any flash developer might come up with: Assciateing visual images with sound.
Moveover, traveling alone, will bring the traveler unexpected surprises, such as making a new friend or enjoying the different scenery.
Second, I like to make new friends ang learn more things abount the place I am traveling to.
I'm a Univercity student.
I often see a man selling fruits and flowers on the Safty Island when I drive to school.
Atashi wa pera pera to nihongo wo hanashitai.
Now, his English is not perfect, but he can cummunicate with native English speakers.
Mobile phones are getting fashionable recently, there are many colers and many design.
And they have a lot of fanction.
For example: you can use it to listen to music, to take pictures, to use the internet, to arrenge your schedule, to watch TV...
I don't need too many fanction.
Thesse days, most people have one.
Sometimes it is too expensive... We should be carefull when using cell phones.
I realized that now I'm not aliving!
Hellow everyone:)
I had to picked my school timetable up yesterday for my graudate school history classes. I picked 4 classes. Advanced Latin is one of them. It looks like I am the only one signed up for the class right now.
He drove all the way to the station advertizing Kobe beef.
My favolite thing is listenig rock music.
But a sereious desease infected him suddenly.
We chose the rings and went to the humburger restaurant.
I take bellydance lessons once a week.
My bellydance teacher is Korean.
Reading assignmen
At that moment I felt that he was a very quiet and lonly person, It seemed that he struggled against difficulties by himself just like the song said.
Hi, I can't speak in english! For practice today I am going tell one story. Its name is ``The Girl Who Does Not Speak In English.`` This story has no plot. This story has one girl who found this page for learning ehglish, and this is the beginning. I hope the end is good.:) For that I need your help.
I gatherd the application forms and sent them to the bread company.
We study in differet places.
Texas buger
For lunch, ate a hamberger at McDonald's.
At my university, there is an anime society at which people who love Japanese anime get together and hold events like quize shows.
I will join it as soos as possible.
I compared both pictures, and I thougt the picture of the digital card was very beautiful.
I trid a slot machine, but I did not winn as expected.
Though they looke fierce, they are charming.
Secondly, it is eay to raise cats.
I think ``Harry Potter and the philopher's Stone`` is the movie that I have seen most often!
The day the earth beacame my home... 1 Singapore and Malaysia
Now huiman control this world, so we take care of only ourselves.
If insects get a severenty of managing this world, they will kill us in turn.
It is a bit unconfortable to live with someone and not talk to the person.
My favorite artist---> allsion was eliminated.
OMG poor allsion!
But recently, my improvment in Enlgish has become slower.
Just think about it, I am always using and depending on words which I alredy learned how to use.
I hope that I am already an intermidiate English speaker, and when we reach an intermidiate level, our language skills start getting stuck, because we start depending on words and expressions which we have learned in the past.
This years motto is ``I talk wihtout hesitation!!``
After that we heard/ found out that it had been a weak earthquke.
It wasn't stong enough to damage anything but reminded me of the tragedy in Haiti.
Today, this task espessially suffered me.
I am very gald to meet all of you here.
The dictionary definition of communication is the process by which people exchange information or express theie thoughts and feelings.
A case in poin is Ebenezer Scrooge in the story of ``A Chiristmas Carol``.
Call it close or distant, it is happiness when there are people who you can communicate with. ``Isn't it cold?`` I ask. That's whwn having someone there to reply ``Yes, it's really getting cold,`` provides the warmth--Machi Tawara.
I was suprised.
I had a probrem.
And so it is posibily to change something kindly and make it kinder than it is now.
usually I don't have the habbi of writting dairies on the Internet...
I am trying to find a sentece to enable me to ask you some questions, but I can't find it so no problem, I can read it by my self again.
Rencently, I whent to bed at sunrise
In general, most beginner or veteran docters are stubborn and a little strange. (It's not only docters but also the old.) But they are that sort of type of person.
I enjoy downloading Potcasts? of CNN News and watching them.
Especially, I like the broadcasts of Anderson Cooper 360 dgree.
The chaotic situation in Hitai was beyond description.
So many poeple died and still the bodies were under rubble and on streets.
I watched a TV program, which is called ``Cool Japnan``.
Things that intersted me.
If you are interested in Japanese culture, I'll recommend you to wach this TV program.
I'm sure it will help you to open your horizen.
``I made a conscious effort to lose wiehgt after I read articles citing me as the fat chick in Hollywood.
Will this sentence be able to convey my thankfull feelings to the teacher?
I'll show you three museums, Teshima Museum in Japan, Juwish Museum in Germany, and Goggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain.
You might notice that the water drop moves slowly on the slightly clined floor.
This architecture is, to recape, the space in which you can feel the existance of nature and yourselve.
Yesterday I went to a movie theater to see ``Angels and Damons`` with my friend.
I found a very usefull site!
I had expected that Algentina would win, but they depended on Messi too much.
Recently, we recived meny voices from citizons that our personal appearance is too bad.
Women's parsonal appearance is more difficult than men's.
Becouse women's fashon is rich in variety.
I wish our staff members get good sence, then become good office.
It's a famous specialty nudle of Nagasaki.
She has taught me speaing skills for 4 months.
I commut to language school.
I hardly able to have the opportunity to speak to native speeker.
By the way, Chrismas is comming soon.
Secondhand bookds
You can write me a message if you are interessted. (:
Hoever today is Friday ^ ^
Look! Is that your book that was stained with blood or ketchup or somthing?
A girl who deraming of a true love's kiss met a prince.
My daughter askd me
She must have been a princess befor.
It's rainning!
It has been rainning for four days.
The weather is cold and wet, I dont like it when it is rainning
The <<M>> is full of slang, I think if they muted the sentences which include slang, the whold film would become a silent film.
I know abstruct words and technical terms to some extent.
Besides, I cannot read fast, speak fruently, write quickly.
When I noticed it was time to get off the diffirent station I didn't feel well.
Today we are working outside, so I wonder if it could start rainning later.
Campany meeting
In every meeting we Discused recovery from the earthquake.
Hello friends. Today I was really happy to talk with Tyler and Neechan on Skype, and also Ivy on MSN. luckly Neechan got her microphone working so we could talk on Skype.
I would like to record them like when I talk with yusuko.
I think it is too late aleady so I have to go.
I can't tell you guys all of my wprking condition, so it is little bit
Subject: Changing schedule proppsal.
Now, we've got a new enployee, and there are 6 people working as
I have alrady told to my manager and co-woker about this, so If you
He asked me to call my parents to come to school foa a talk.
I planned to spend at least three hours to study english every day since I began to prepare the qualification exam to be a deplomacy.
I write in English most about things connected with international affairs, such as, China's economy became more dependent on their inner investment, Libiya's Caddafi came to terms with (?) Mr.
Belousconi, the prime minister of Italy, over the past colonial peirods, or SC decided to impose new saction against North Korea.
A few days ago, mom brought some books on methods of learning enlish.
granfa, granma everyone is welcome!!
It's beeb quite a long while since I last wrote in my diary.
During this time, I've been kept prety busy.
I attended the Smith College Forun today.
AUGST RUSH
I like to travle very much, if u r interested in me, just become my friend ok?
The use of e-mail and telephone costs us lots of money, not only for connection and packet taxes, but also for the basical lisence fee.
So it is pleasnt for me to select from them.
I suprised her.
She was very supried!
I was hapy because I could make her smile.
But I like eat potatoes, cokkies (or potato chips) and drink sweet black tea.
Please lend your power! Of course, I will help you with Jpanese, if you wanna study it.
On the contrary to the good first impression, Johny was very naughty and loud little boy.
What drives me craze is that the officials at school see me as the one responsible for opening the door to cheatting.
There are many restrictions for smorkers in Japan, for example, more tax added on tobacco, restrictions on tobacco advertising, and cautions written on the packages.
long time no write this dialy
caz, I was in a quarrel with my parentsnot.
but I was a nuisanced to my friends
caz I lodginged at my friends 'homes.
I'm ahamed of myself now,,,,,
What happned to my life!!!!
Recently, it has been very popular among youger generations.
I make a presentation next Tuseday.
Maybe I can't awnser.
Everyday we prepare many packeges.
Because my cell makes a similar sound to my alram clock, I turned off the
Especialy since this is my first time to make this kind of food, it is going to be great!
So I'm not surprised that she was upset because deliverly is hard on their bodies and it's pretty expensive.
Hiroshima is famous for the atmic memorial park and Miyazima.
Winter was kind of my favorite season.
After each session, I strech my body and train my muscles.
My body is so weak and rusty these days, so these execises really helps to refresh it.
But I have a proprem...
I can do anything whith English ^-^
I remembered my voilin teacher explaining me that (to avoid repetition)
I dodn't know him well, but I want to hear his play of Paganini.
Although the interview is in April, I'm still affraid that if I won't pass the interview.
other students uni fron Tokyo and Fkuoka came too, so it was very fun!
I have plans to go to Kyoto on the th.
My frinds and I want to go Kinkaku-ji, Kiyomizu-temple and other places.
My sister ordered a greentea tea latte that was very delicious.
To the gentleman who dropped his shoe at the Hounted Mansion in Tokyo Disneyland, was your shoe safe?
I was on the waiting queue to get on the cart at the Hounted Mansion in Tokyo Disneyland.
It was around a quater before 9pm.
No one seemed to have guessed it right and we all laught.
Certainly, the Hounted Mansion is the last place where you want to drop your shoe.
Guess what would bring your shoe back if you drop your shoe in the Hounted Mansion.
When we happily got on the last ride, I wondered if they checked if the gentleman's shoe has not changed into a cursed slipper or the equivalant.
In addition, poeple worked together to achieve major progress to make their country more advanced.
When I chose this time and this place, I specifically did so because there was a leader who ruled the poeple by justice and love.
This leader was the prophet Mohamed who had a message for those poeple to deliver.
And he spread peace among the poeple.
From my point of view, the Prophet Mohamed was the most intelligent leader at that time, because he saw that if he wanted to build a country he had to establish the poeple first before doing anything else.
Becauce of all of these things, I would like to live during that time just to see the peron who changed the world for the better and made us better creatures.
I wanna chanege my life.
It's a real story that has happend at Grasse in France.
He was mad, but finaly, he succeeded in the production of the miraculous perfume that made all people fall in love!
But firstly, I have to pass an English exam like TOFEL.
Today, I participated in a English party and I met some realy nice people.
However, the straydogs live hardly and panifully.
When I was a university school student, I created a club that made me do something to help stray straydogs.
Althogh we face many problems and attacks, we always do the things that we belive are right!
I opened the egg carton in the refrigerator and found that the eggs were fronzed hard.
In addition to all that food, the lack of excercize hasn't helped.
and do some excercize every day.
Recentry in Japan,. It's been continuously hot for days.
I don't like this wheather.
For A Good Presentaton!
Communication is far more than imformation exchange. It also includes eye contact, body language and so on.
wanderful!
Somebody checks my dialy and corrects it immediately.
There are tests in high school on this manth.
The meal was very tasty and even though it was a buffet and buffets tend to have less nobility in taste and atmosphere, this was surprisingly very sofisticated in taste and atmosphere.
I'm really passionate about doing hair and make up, and have ambision for my job.
After I finishe my assighnments, spring vacation awaits me!!!
I'll go to Desny Sea on the 2nd of March with my friend.
I have mant things to do.
The English program tytol was Little Charo.
I want to become to be able to communicate with foreign people in English, so it seems that this class is suitabale for me.
I stayed at the hotel with a cowoker Mari.
I was able to see skycrapers and the Opera house from there.
I don `t have a clere dream.
As for lunguage, english and korean.
an alternative to speaking with a mittor.
It is a clean and confortable there!!
And now I need to study hard because I want to do well this semestr.
During that time, I traveled to 4 south east Asian contries with my friend from my university.
I'm gonna write about the ditailed leg of this trip in my next entry.
Morning: I must get up before my roommate and read English loundly near the lake in our school.
Night: I must remerber the English words.
It's very difficulte for me to use ``Little`` case by case (/_; `)
One nitght, we burned rice bran, which would make a smell the fleas like.
``What happened to your house!`` our neighbor ran out of his house with fright when my mom generated the thick somke.
I would like one day to leave my country and travell to England, but the problem is that my English is very bad and I don't have a way of leaving...
Can you please help me and teache me?
Bye, thak you.
There is so much more vocabulary that I need to remeber.
If we ever get to the bottom of the mecanism, we will be in the money though.
Yet one thing I noticed is that if we don't allow ourselves to say ``It's okay to forget,`` our forgetness is suppressed.
If we say so, our concious recognizes that it's OK to forget.
Oh, I remember one scientific report that showed loughter boosts our immune systems.
Tonghit, I will see fireworks with my brother.
Yes, I'm falling in love with a girl who I've always imanged, but it is going to be a really difficult time for me.
I feel bad, what shuld I do?
That's why I study harder these nowaday, but I have a problem with English class.
I will take part in Chinese Speach Convention.
Unfortunately, I am poor at organizing things, espcially this holiday.
One of them was a huge threater with a super-high vison screen and another was showing an animation made by leading-edge technology.
However, the course that I am taking now is more difficult. It will put more pressuer on me.
I often hear that it is impossible to hear phrases that you can't say yourself. Therefore, I've been raading sentenses and phraces out loud repeatedly in recent months.
Please give me some advice to improve listening copriphention!
This is my third day isung lang-8.
I'm not really familiar with the functions here, so I always sents the same
On the TV program for theEnglish lesson, ``Why not!`` is thesame as ``Of cource, I will...``
it was tooo tired....
Japanease traditional dolls
Today I decorated the japanease dolls in my house.
I have to confess I wasthe kind of person who always said, ``God, why did you not grant me another chace.
However, ater that peroid of my life and surviving some of life's irony, I come to realize that there are so many things we are supposed to appreciate, but we always take them for granted and complain all day instead.
In the morning, I rode my bicycle to the playground to go jagging.
They go to parties, clubbings and other scenes to cover up/ to hide their lonelyness.
You will expact that another person will also show up just as easily.
I choose to embrace my lonelyness.
This whole joney of mine was just to reach you.
Happy birthday grandpa!! (even though I don't konw how old he is!!
As some areas in the world have their own calander, muslims also have their own lunar calend.
Hirji calander.
It's a little bit earier timimg to greet for new year to us, but who cares!
Neither couldn I go to the library because I felt dizzy.
I have many spelling errors and expressiong errors.
I rounded these spot today, but I think that I wouldn't go by car because those parkings for cars are very expencive and there are many places around these spots without parking area.
I recomend using the rental bicycle.
In autum, we feel good cycling.
We also had a good time and we tried the second movie which is a famous movie ``Harry Potter`` but we slept for a while because it was not so intresting for us.
Uhmm, it was too difficalt to understand.
Jyanet is my flend's wife.
I am speaking english moar.
I'm slyeepy.
It sounds like ``Finding Nimo``)
I want things to chang.
Kuronenbourg is now owned by a British company.
I have choosen this picture as my subject because of the last scene in this series.
I want to attempt to write a short summery of it in English but I think it is too big of a challange for me now...
This exam is very hardfor me and it is in January next year, that is to say/ I. e. I have less than 6 months to prepair for it.
I'm wonderring if I should enter Azumedia, in Australia.
a bowl of rice topped with chiken and eggs.
Rememberig my daughter's shining smile.
Oh ~ sorry, I'm having a grumble at the biggining of a journal.
My boss told me to go for the lecture of the insurance company to get a lisence.
I bought a merchine yesterday
Yesterday I went to DG to buy a merchine with my boss.
I saw and heard Framenco while I was working today.
I wonder why all guys who sing Framenco music/ songs sound the same.
Besides, I've never heard Japanese guys singing Framenco songs whereas I've seen Japanese Framenco guitarists such as Jin Oki.
I used to learn (the) Argentin tango, chacha, and salsa when I was a student.
1. The teacher assined each student various homeworks.
When I woke up nearly midday, I got a severe headahe because of a terrible hangover.
But this morning I had to work because of the examinaion season: <
The other guys don't like punk very much, so they didin't sung along with me.
I'm drinking my coffee and waiting for it to be 7: 45 A. M.-the time to leave my place to go to my Universty.
My Command of English Has Been Detereolating...
I never use English these days, so my English has been detereolating so badly that I can't really speak anymore.
My boss is very cool and interigent.
becuse I can't speak English very well.
I'm so happy latery
just friends to study English. I have found, and I already know that I should take care a lot, especialy on this site...!
Also there are lots of canals, so you can take a boat tour and admire the vievs.
Here is an explanation about Doll Festibal and a picture of dolls.
After the Festibal is finished, you must put the dolls away or you can't marry early.
Animals walk on the hill, sleep, eatting, and run without restrictions.
But, the autor of the article which I read defended that women can deal with money because they spend their money on a few small things, while men would buy 'useful' tools instead.
Immeditely I went back my home and cried a little without my voice.
This is a Japanese company in London and most of emplyee are Japanese.
Anyway, I'm looking forwad to this coming summer, which has the longest daytime and gives us a lot of opportunities to play and drink in parks.
Sometimes when I see foreigners come to Thailand and traval in the southern area of Thailand, go the the beach and things like that, I feel jealous. My family didn't traval often. Instead, they like to do their job and save the money for the furture.
I used to ask my friends about heloliday and where thery like to traval and they said they did not traval often.
somtimes they think if they don't use the money to traval, they can use it to buy something better.
I think in Bangkok we have a beatiful beach, a lot like pukat kabi city.
So, about me, I have not to traval in the south, but I plan to go there one day when I have the money.
He mentioned some contacts at Mizubishi he has there but had to leave quickly after that.
Finding your center is very importmant.
On the way, a very extraordinary thing happend.
Studying in Canada is a valuale chance for me to become mature and learn to overcome tons of difficulties and barries.
I like action/ dancing/ etc. just as I like music. It's art, it's soul, it attrection me that make me more expect (?) myself. I like action, love and so on,
Finally, I will be hard working and malke a lot of maney.
Dath from the usual flu are more common than pig flu.
I consider the vaccines (and not only from pig flu) in itself to be harmfull.
Of cource, it can be usefull sometimes but not for everyone.
Maybe I fouced on the game so much, I didn't know what to do next.
Of course this was comfotable but I had no choice but to endure it.
I remenber the time when a doctor began putting in the
However, I don't remenber anything after that.
Besides I don't have to pay any money to cut or parm my hair recentry.
Of cource, jyuken has been gradually reviwed.
After cutting, I looked in the mirro and I liked my new hairstyle very much.
When I passed a parck, I found that my shose was loose and I sat on a white bench to tie the shose.
After leaving the parck, I walked on my way home.
However, many people just stared at me and laughted.
At that moment, I thoght, ``What's wrong with me?``
Arriving home, I rushed to the mirro to look at my new hairstyle.
When my back was in front of the mirro, I saw my white strait on skirt and cloth.
I'm a student at the Hokkaidou University in Japan.
I had a responsibibility to win the prize this year.
Although main cliants consist of office workers in their 30's and 40's, there are cliants in their 50's and 60's who are regarded as the manly generation in Japan.
It would be quite embarrasing.
I breed many kinds of red-bee-shrimps and some bettas.
Breeding is fun, but occasinaly troublesome.
As you know I like breaded pork cutlet so I was cooking it before opening my compuer and somethng happened to my fingers so I got my fingers burned.
Gesus why didn't you tell me about this terrible thing that is happening to me?
My friend tells me that I must decrese the amount amount of Pepsi that I drink
I decide to decrese the amout of Pepsi I drink
It's been a long time since I studied enlish. My friend Ming told me about this wedsite so I came here. It's a good place for learning English, and I will come here when I am free.
So I need to stop writting.
So many things happend since I had left lang-8/ during my absence.
About 9 years have passed since I started stadying English.
I'm frustrated with my lack of progless!
She has sacrificed so much for her childern.
I used to have a dog whos nam was Taro.
I'd liike to get a dog.
If they had more momey, they would spend it on other things, such as playing games at the arcade, or going out at MacDonald's or Kentukky Fried Chicken.
I think children would be spoilt if they receive too much allowance from their parents so 10 dollors per week is enough.
But, I have to do homewark X (
It's contents are scret.
Actully I was impressied by that.
He was wearing earphones (maybe listenning to music like something with a strong dance beat) and he danced for almost 1 hour.
I seem to able to continue it, because it very derisious!!
I was saked ``May I make a character box meal for you?``
She said ``I` ll make pikattyuu box meal ``.
It will be a plasure to eat that!
I feel my oppinion is selfish...
haha Cause I never discussed it with my husband! (Hasband to be.)
Are the following sentencies gramatically correct?
The pasing grade is 60 points, so I think I made the passing mark.
My English is so poor, but I must try to write someting.
Spting Storm
All I have to do is keeps on learnin it and I will speak almost perfectly someday.
At that moment, a professor, one of my male boss, suddenry came in and said, ``You are using blotting paper!`` He didn't mean that the lady should not use blotting paper in an official place.
He is very cute and smart perdson usually, but sometimes lacks in delicacy.
Maybe we wemen, also break guys hearts because of a lack for the male way of thinking
I think I was kind of pathetic becaouse I had no strong feeling when I lost my lover.
Ginza line is good for them because it gose under a lot of tourist spots.
When you talk to someone directly, you can se right away if they don't understand you.
When you send an e-mail, the receiver may misinterpret what youy want to say.
Actually, it is very usefull and helps to save time but you should consider that the E-mail is a second best method of communication.
I work for an American IT company and our collegues like to send e-mails because there are time differences between the reasions.
No one suceed in Japan if they do not prefer the face-to-face meetings.
In summry, if you want to establish a relationship with another human being, the best way is talkin face to face.
When you communicate directly, you can avoid misunderstandngs that may occure in writing.
Many peoples in other contries know this (fact),
Of course, we are the ringleader who experienced the terible war called ``The Korean War``.
For a long time, women have had less oppertunities to find a job in many areas.
Its all part of a field study being conducted by marine biologists Paul sickle (maybe?) and Donna Nimet, whith funding from earthwatch institute.
but I have already watchted them.
plase call and send an e-mail or write a sentence..
Annual Meeting of resitdents 'association
I am not sure about my enmotion.
Today is a bad day because I received a customer comoplain...:(I just feel so much shame for our RD and assembly people.
Everytime they promise that they will pay more attention in order to prevant the problem happening but then... the problem always happens again.
When I was doing my military secive, we were close to each other.
I have somthing I'm worreid about...!!!!
I will stay up ALL NIGHT studing for my exam.
Because, when I'm 20 years old, I'll run to the USA, find myself a rich husband mith a big house, an even bigger belly, and a small penis.
This is the last year I'm studying at scool, or, more exactly, at the Lyceum of Physics and Mathematics, and I hope to find myself in some cool (or not) university by August.
Maybe I need more sleep or some exerices.
Today, I went to a drinkind and eating place with my firends.
In English I can express evrything using only 26 letters!
I am going to hold a driking party with my co-workers next Friday.
Before that, I need to get my father's permition.
Unfortunately, when I finished speaking my frist topic, then the teacher came to us and I felt nervous! Coincidently, I had an unkonw question which made me embarrassed.
I am always thinkng about what makes a good speaker.
I like to play the guiter.
F-shaped hole guiter is offten used for blues and jazz.
Some of the old guiter were corted in shellac vernish, it sounds very good.
I went to see the cherry blossms at Yeido park last Monday.
It was my company aniversty.
It was a good atomosphere.
I feel I am gainning weight.
These days I think I ate too much so I am gainning weight.
So last year I experienced my first campas life!
At the bigginning of the school year, I had almost no friends at the university.
From friends, familiy, friends in US, my host family and so on.
Those mede me realize I have been supported by so many people!!!
And buy souveniers and the like.
However, it's impossible to discribe accurately the sense rooted in individual bodies by using our common sense.
I like to drink a cup of coffee wheni feel tired or want to sleep, aspecially after lunch!
Novemver.
In my opinion, whether teaching the sudents who have already had plenty knowledge of English, or the children who have never experienced English before, the techer should recognize the importance of teaching.
Even though they don't have the language environment to speak English, they can sing some English songs to review and strenthen their English.
My suggestion is that the teacher can teach some Enlish songs which is related to the English lesson.
Yes, hindsigh is 20/ 20.
The Art of Disney Gallery is held outside in Downtown Disny.
Today I'm going to tell you a very interesting story that belongs to the traditional/ folk literature of my little coutry.
In our country, there are a lot of ancient estructures that were built before the Roman conquest.
They are called ``castros``, and it's said that they were buit by an ancient culture, probably linked to the Celts.
There is only one small problem: if you try getting them, you could be buried alive and die in the dephts of earth.
My favorit hobby is listning to music.
The legend of Sant George part-1
I was not intrested in the topic because I have heard enough of that.
However an esssay intrested me.
However, If you don't exercise early day, you will not be healthy and after you grow up you can't even study or work at offiice.
So far, I've only watched about two movies a week becuase I don't have enough time.
Visiting Aamerica was very good.
There are many restrants, stores, and the ocean.
The bay cruise around alancatraz is good.
Boudin is a restrant.
My recommendation is the clam chowder that comes in a bread bowll.
So you should go tere, and you should take a taxi or tour bus.
If the weather is good, you can see beautiful streets, the bay, and the Gorden Gate brighe.
At both noon time and night time, it is bery beautiful.
But the wind is strong there, so you should bring a parkar.
So if you come San Francisco, you should bring a parkar.
First we saw a big ship, we took photos, and we saw a fishman at the beach.
I read ``Graded Readers``, Penguin Readers, Oxford Bookwarm... and others.
You must feel umfortable.
On the second night, we took a walk around the souvernir quater (?) after having diner.
As a natural reflection, he looked around to find the cultrip.
He was masculine and grittering during the wedding party.
I found the chocolate in a shop selling cubic rice cruckers.
My hotel has 3 rooms for weddings, 3 rooms for parties, a Japanese restaulant, and a restaulant.
I haven't been to a forign country, such a America.
I'm relly eager to be good at English.
I fook forward to meeting her because whenever we meet, she has grown.
I'm very borned with it because I'm very lazy but it's necessary to get my degree from university.
I played the guitar in a band at the time, and we copied thier songs.
Some webstes and someone told me that getting PR in this country is pretty difficult now except for special skill workers.
You guys must see my bright future there in sileint.
I knew how fascinating the zoo could be from reading a relevent book, and I thought I wanted to go there if I had a chance.
Last nigit, in the
live house, I heard many people speaking different languages like English, Frengch,
Alas, if only I had a good parter and a child.
As time went on, only a few people have remembered the campain and people stopped continuing to quit smoking.
I recomend you to watch it.
It just looks like a cigarette case, so cool and cawaii (cute)!
Today, I cleaned my hous with my wife.
I have liked Engish since I was young..
My friend recommand this homepage.
The people coming to the horse race weared wearing far outclothes.
My friends told me he received some impormation from his manager thathorsenumber 5 will win.
As we watched the race, we were sured that number 5 horse would win.
My grandmother passed away 1 month ago, so we bured her under
I am now working for Au pair and exchange between korea and American culture here.
This is my first dialy entry on Lang-8.
I wonder what they are passionated..
It tooks 8hours, more than three times longer than Shinkansen, from Osaka to Tokyo.
I don't know how long I will stay here, but everything seems gets better. I like the feeling now, because I can ask qustions now, no matter how easy it is, I don't care, because I want to know the answer. It is the only way to grow up.
Now, my colleages treat me well, and always answer my question, and I am trying to do everything perfect, so that they have no excuse to blame me.
Nice to meet you, evvryone.
That is doing ypurself; you don't need to care about others 'views.
I trust mysely, I will realize my dreams, fighting!!
I spred cream Goma paste on my bread.
Here's hte website:
Meating Grandma and granpa!!!
Their relationships are always changing, so it is interesting fot me.
I'm still a begginer.
Facebook wasn't so major in Japan untill last year though so many people use it all over the world.
Nowadays, Facebook is getting mager and mager in Japan because of the movie 'Social Network' which is showing now.
From a Japnese historical standpoint, however, this idea is the other way arround because it was harder for Japan to watch and protect against invasions.
It has Swavsky's crystals on its stainless belt and face.
Moreover it was rainly in the afternoon.
so we coudln't make any food or take showers during the last three days.
80% of Japanese boys talke to others with humility and the rest of the 20%, are totally insolent like kids.
How about the boys in your contry?
So I've been studying hard latedays
When my Eglish becomes better, I'll help my other friends
So, I began to go to an English conversation class recentry.
and it will be understood to everyone reading my diary easilly.
When I have incresed stress, I usually didn't sleep well.
She also membtioned the point that she had kept complaining about it for more than 20 years.
A lot of people are crying and cannot have met thier family and friends.
I will cheak about the South Korea and hokkaido, I want to fly immediately.
I know that you are a very busy person and, penhaps, you will not be able to answer me,
I have lerned English for eight years.
It's spring now, I may need to start thinking about my furure.
I want to learn English becase I am very interested in English cultura, people, cities, and more.
Also, I have problems with articles, prepasotion and more!
Recently I've been trying to read English newpapers.
Terms are not esay.
Sentence structures are not falimar to me.
A major cause of the misperceotion, though, is Presodent Lee's sagging popularity.
How differant are these?
The primary footprint is a measure of our direct emissions of CO2 from the burning of fossil fuels including domestic enerfy consumption and transportation. We have direct contrel of 'these'.
The seaside is my runnninng course.
These days, cabdidates can hardly work as a full time employee.
I'm trying to decide which would be a good gift for mothre's Day.
At the same time, I am learning japaness as well, in this case, it makes my English become worse.... I don't have much time to use English in my daily life.
I hope I can improve my English writting ability.
My husband and I went to see a muvie.
Before the muvie, I went to a department store and bought a pretty ring.
We hadn't expected the muvie to be good.
The architecture of the buildings such as palaces, theaters, museams were really wonderful.
The colore of the river water was not blue although the river is famous as ``The Blue Danube``.
I slept during the reading section and lost about 100 points more than the (listeining) section.
I found this websit from my English club a minute ago.
I want to neet you guys, whoever you are.
I wil buy more of it later.
So when I was listening to a song on TV she suggested to give some Persian songs to Farsi leaners.
After the wemen in my family made many of the dishes like the meats, rice cake, fruits, grilled fish, Korean traditional fan-fried cakes and the boiled potherbs, we knelt down to make deep bow with the Korean traditional alcohol before a picture of my father's face.
I amcurrently live in Japan but I'll be moving to London to study web design next month.
I play iano too, of course, as an amateur.
It has been a long time since I've written a dialy, so I wanna write about some things that happened recently/ in the last few days.
It is so good because I was looking for a job in which I could use my portugues skills, and this jjob is perfect!
To tell the truth, I am not sure that I could do it perfectty, but I will try hard!
London is my favorit city because there the old buildings and new buildings coexist.
If every day passed more quicckly, I could leave for there right away!
his face, chracteristic, his way of speaking, haha.
Just Beggining my Journal
I'm beggining my journal today.
Because I haven't seen them in a long time, I am looling forward to meeting them again.
And I'll watch ``WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS`` starirng Cameron Diaz.
I am afriad to take the Listening Course.
I was so sad and kept cryng.
Also I liked Penelopa Cruz.
It's a really usefull leg!
I like Udonn.
It's really difficult to think of it becasue he's straight.
Of_ Ofcourse, students are really looking forward to travel and they want to bring enough snacks to spend wonderful teatimes with their friends.
(Of_ Ofcourse, there are not any cooling appliances in the institution)
I like to speek English.
Today, I took the ANA employment exam at Haneda aieport.
The test required the ability to cope with a lot of different infomation at one time, and that determined whether you passed or failed.
and it eaches.
TEN MOSQITO SPOTS/ BITES
I 'VE HAD ENOGHT!!!!
In body pump, we use dumbbels like attached picture.
Right now I can't speak, writting or understand English.
The man seeing with truely eyes didn't compare King Solomon and a field lily.
That was thoroughtly thrilling to me.
Sometime ago, I opened a litle bussiness with my friends.
That's why my bussines is related to computers.
I love sciens too, but not as much as I love computers and Google:) I've been married for over two years.
I love my wife more than all of my computers, open source, sciens, and even Google:)
I'm happy becouse it was the fourth time that I have taken the exam.
I am also glad beecouse I found this wesite for learning English.
I, of owcourse, will also help you with Polish.
But the foggy and claudy weather make the city blue.
Would you chek my letter?)* please*
JOHN (Black Labrador Retriber) and Ryu (Dachshund).
When we walked along the river near the house, we saw so many firely around.
I have something to doin Korea, Oficially and personally.
I bought the flight tickets and bus tickets to the airpott.
It made me feel tierd.
Of course we can talk bia the internet.
I am so tierd.
That exam had some strange quesions.
How many aborighial tribes are there in Taiwan?
It's the easist subject.
But I don't think easy quesions are good.
I have been studying Engish for 7 years.
I want to be carefull of ``May disease``.
I've been studying Englis because I like English and I want to commucicate with local people.
I'm goint to Australia for my working holiday this August.
I lile trips and cultural exchange and volunteer work for handicapped children.
If someone interested the jounal, please correct my sentences!! Thank U.
(The photo meanse I love U in sign language.)
I came here without a driver's lisence, cash, and credit cards.
jewelry label CHIMASKI
I decided writting English diary entry every day and I'll study English hard this year.
Ahcccccho!
I am planning to go abroad in about one year to study fashion desigh in England or France.
I'm thinking of entering fashion college or woking as an assistant designer using the working holiday visa.
furnished pravate room with a frige
landly, shower, and bicycle parking is free.
4 minites away from the nerest subway station.
from 90000 yen per month for at least a 3 month contract, and a depsit of 50000yen.
They have coloful coats, tops and pumps.
I like spring becouse it is coloful and comfortable.
My son had a sore thoat and diarrhea the day before yesterday.
I was staing up late and chatting with my friend Keita on Facebook, so I wanted to sleep a little longer.
Breakfast was alredy ready by my mother.
After I ate/ had it, I took my pajamas off and took my clothes on.
It's like Ninjya.
but thier firts meeting was a bad one.
I experienced an unforgettalbe interview and the outcome was unbelievable.
So when they asked me about my english I answerd honestly with 'My english is poor.' For the next few moments there silence and afterwards the interview finished quickly.
When I recived the offer my classmates said to me 'Honesty is a virtue'.
I am used to Imari, but I am a beginner of Kutain.
Yestrday, I talked to my former colleague working with me when we worked part time in a theater on phone.
If someone make stupid and awkwward mistakes, she will blame her or him very severely.
This activity seems to be fun but actually, it is a kind of task becuase we are learning how to write ``compare/ contust`` structures. After watching the movie, we have to write about the movie by using ``compare and contrust``.
It's my first time writing a daiary entry here;)
Yeasterday I went to Shinjukugyoen with David.
I like Spering the most out of the 4 seasons;)
Draemon is a Japanese comic, but the comic that I bought is written in English.
People tend to examine conrrectness repeatedly when it comes to observation.
Those observations which can withstand examing results can be considered as objective or nearly objective.
recentry, everyday it's raining.
When I was fourting years old, a new boy was in my class.
My heart was baddly broken.
Alwanys be possitive.
``The shue thrower``?
Today I found this homepage and resgistered immediately.
I came here to print some paper because at my house I don't have a priter.
The keyboard here is not solf like the one at my house.
Well, another reson that my keyboard is soft is because I have been using it every day,
Sometimes I like to type more than using a microhone because accaully when I speak, I think in Thai before speaking in English and I don't like it..
But that does not help me because when I typep I always make mistakes in English.
By the way, I'm falling asleep right now. Last night I tried to read poems. I had never done so before. It was my frist time. I am really excited. I just realized that it is an awesome way to study English.
I was in my office in Tokyo when the earthqukae occured.
Although I have already studied English for six years in middlle school, my speaking and listenning are still terrible.
My hasband cooked a beef steak and some pasta for me.
Edinbourgh is the capital of Scotland.
Even though most employees are Japanese, some should sent emails to their bosses and I have the oppotunities to see such emails sometimes.
I ate lunch with elementary school tudents and educated them about food.
Or present temprature is higher than annual.
I am stadying English very hard.
When I went for a walk, I passed a little retaurant.
In front of the shop, there was an air airconditioner blowing quite a hot wind.
I went to univercity for a club activity.
I'll go shohpping tomorrow:)
I am in Austrlia working on the holiday at the moment.
But aftet now.....
Yesterday, I was just atudding for my exam had a lokked at my window and there was a spider..
I think that the king was weard, but I know, it's funny to be inspirated with such a small thing.
As for the article and the Harge Convention, I had discussed it with two of my friends from the UK before I posted it.
I want to learn English, but I cannot find any people to study with, so I have not study it for a long time. However, when I suddenly find Lang-8, in which I can fing people all over the world that I can study with, I'm happy, because I can study English again.
To be like everyone else is like being nobody or smth.
The thing is that I have to write smth, even if it's utter nonsense.
Vomiting, diarrhea, the appearance of UFOs, or fits of sexual neurosis...
I thought I would make a specail lunch for him.
I'm staying with my host familiy now.
So I can't deside yet.
I had never been in sales so I'm feelnig frustrated nowadays.
chewing gum dates back to the acient Greeks who chewed resin from trees.
Morden chewing gum was patented in the US in 1869 by, believe or not, a denest. In 1928, another American invented bubble gum.
Bubble gum comes in gumbles of all colors and sizes, but for blowing bubbles, nothing beats the chewy, gooey pink stuff in the twist wrap.
I speak Japaese only.
I will appereciate it if you check this.
lomg time no see
I was busy for a lomg time.
He is a docter.
He said that he wanted to be a docter ever since he was a child.
But tommorow I'm going to follow the schedule I made.
It includes studying English and finishing my college's assinment.
Anyway, I hope I can use English like people who are working in foregin countries.
Maybe it is written in Japanese, so we cannot see it in foreign counttries
Olimpic Games 2
I hope it comes ture,.
Most young people live in arban areas to work.
I will write a daiary starting today.
I hope to build a new bujjiness to change the world.
I wrote ``Momotorou`` again after a long time.
After a while Momotarou and the dog wolked away.
The monkey was pleased, and follwed Momotarou.
I'm considering to introduce my coutry.
Rusia and the United States have completed the largest spy exchange since the Cold War.
I feel it is amazing that Rusia and the United States still engage in espionage to steal military secrets.
Will they also be taken to Rusia?
Their son and doughter are pitiful, too.
Loving someone is bulliant magic!
Ergonomiics and style were all considered as much as possible.
So I poured some syrop on my Caramel Frappuccino.
Shunsuke Nakamura is my favolite football player.
His free kick was amaging.
The Japan football reague is still at middle level in the world.
I will rty to keep a diary from now on.
Pls help me, and together we can happily learn languages
I don't like vegetables, but today's soup was delishous!!
Because it was rainny.
I thought ``he alrady an adult``.......
When I was a child, I played soccer and then after enrolling in jonior high school, I played basketball.
For example, altohgh boxing or Karate looks so painful, it looks so fun to me!
I've been healty since I was younger, so I answered ``It can't hurt.``
The temperature is modelate.
it's the first time I am using the interent at home since my return.
And more unfortuately, I lost my cellphone and some money when i
No wonder my right eye kept twiching when
However I was dissapointed at the dishes in a certain scene in the film.
I think the Japannese way of life is better than before.
This morrining, I saw a group of swans. Its around 3 hundreds.
Since then, I heve been determined to succeed
Because I also have a mooustache and a beard.
I have German text books cuse I bought them yesterday.
yesterday I decided to learn German cuse speaking German is really cool.
For a long time, I have been dissatisfied with my English ability (especially writing), and I have been seeking a good way to studing English.
You might really want to escape from the loop and procede to 2pm, 3pm, the next day, and so on, because we all need the future.
In paticular, the variety programs are interesting.
It rained hard, so we were wet when we finishied the rite and went to a nearby restaurant.
Sometimes we all ask ourselves ``When will the day be that we acomplish it?``
But we enjoy the acesse to our life's trip. (?)
What the above means is that if you wanna grabe something, you must pay its equal in efforts.
I hope my dream will come ture.
Of course it is one of the priciple of human life but I think that it is not good.
Especially in my high-school, I strongly remeber that is the best exercise.
Just now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens 'book' A tale of two cities 'and maybe later I'll write an entrie about the book.
The procedure was that preschoolers joined the kindergartners and had a lesson with them.
The kindergartners were so friendly and cute.
Maybe it's the most uncertain time in my life, but I'll make myself touger and tougher to overcome all the difficulites.
It has a picture of some women who lives in Aflica.
There are some things on their heads (or top?) like fruts or vegitables and they look so happy.
The main color is a sunset color and it's so butiful.
It was just serving in an itarian restaurant.
Orginary, I wanted to work in pub in Itaewone that is located in Korea. Many foreigners hang out their with their friends.
Frankly speaking, I expected that there are many beatiful weman.
But I was dispointed.
I have just strated study for IELTS.
One of elderly men said ``There is someting under the machine.``
It's owesome, but I think they will not be accepted in Japan largely....
Too pank and a little abnormal.
Still, by looking at stars and examinig them, it was discovered that stars emit light which reaches the Earth in even intervals.
Japan may never have a better opportunity to bring Asiaa better opportunity to bring Asia's woeful World Cup record against South American opposition to the therd round today.
Of couse we are happy that we went throgh the second round.
I am excited therd game!!!
After that I left the house and went to the place of employement.
I wanted to go to drink a coffe but Timo told me that they had drank a tea before I arrived.
The Alchemist is about a young shepard who was curious about his future. He follows his dreams and the signs telling him the directions where he should go, and he finally reaches his goal and finds out what he wants.
At that time, we cook rice with red beens and serve it.
Once I start to write an entry in my diary, I can't stop writing by the propre volume.
I've become talktive on this site.
I want to correct them, but I don't have enought time.
I know that there are better corecters than I.
Today is Wendnesday, February the second.
I admit I'm spoild.
I have had it, which was sold packed in a pet bottle, onece in an oversea country.
I couldn't stop laughing that ``Dairy`` means milk or Chees in English.
It has been a week since the earthquake occurrered.
It has a softness and springliness against the teeth.
so I'll make an effoet to study English.
I like Ssaturday very much,
and I can overseep in the morning.
and I went to the libriary.
Good evening people, I am Lucia, I come from Italy, I am an Italian student at the accademy of art in Frosinone...
hallo,
I am a unversity student.
To acqire more Engulish skill
For 3 or 4 hours and more we'd better watch English movies or TV programs or listening to English CDs without Japanese information, any sabtitles Or japanese pronunciations.
It's a famaous movie and I enjoyed it, but the dailogue and monologue I could understand was 1/ 10 of whole movie
With the information for eys (not subtitles but images), I managed to enjoyed it though
There was a wting class today.
I chose it for this simeter because I want to write better.
Then we, for exemple, changed from the following sentece.
I manated to get through the day.
We could spend 100en for each specal curried bread, yakisoba, oyaki and sausage.
Voice blog can make your acount and create your voice blog.
However, I do not know about my neighbor, so I have no idea about where I should take them.
It said taht there are items that were not paid for.
Favorites& interests: snowboading, reading books, cooking, comics, video games (Final Fantasy)
I think it's better to simply say that the word is unkown when it's not in the dictionary, but it seems there's no way to change the setting.
It's already wendsday,
However, whenever I travel abroad, I always run into troublel making an itinerary
Anyway, I'm looking forward to treveling to Japan ~!
They'll visite the elementary school next month.
Even now, radiation has been reaking from the nuclear plants.
I felt relieved by thier optimistic attitude.
The snow is melting into watter. Only one t.
Sprouts are smilling under the sun.
Everyting is running with the time.
Everywhere you go, yoiu can see them celebrating.
Because it is the spring festicval in china.
My hope is that my writtings can blossom like the flowers during spring.
But I havn't started doing new things yet.
He cought my fancy when I saw him in the Harry Potter film in the role of Sedric Diggory.
I like to listen music and play badminto when I am free.
I sutudy English.
New hairstyel
I wanted to change my hairstyel long long ago, but I was afraid to do it. this time I was determined to change.
After three hours, my straight hair disappered.
``Your new hairstyel looks very good`` my friends always say.
Finally I want to speak correctly when comunicate orally.
After eating, we played MARIO BRATHERS on the Wii.
Now it just gives me a chance to reumite with myparents.
And it will be a tiring tirp.
Dear Johny,
Long time, no writning!
But four days have passed, now I'm getting bored, I have no more interssting in reading books.
The weather is so good, why can I only stay at the house, I'm freeking out because of this kind of life.
So I dicited to go out, even though I have no idea what to do, I just want to go out, and have some sunshine!
She whould need treatment in a hospital for at least a month.
As a result, I couldn't win the prize, however, the members of the team all said that they were satisfied with the team-managemanet and presentation. That enforced my confidence of my growth.
I have been learing. Englishi is very difficult.
Grammer is different with Japanese. It takes time to write even a short sentence.
Today, the weather is prettty hot.
Subemerge yourself.
what I realy want to be...
empoyee?
self emploed?
I don't remember words and grammer.
He was a very kind and friendly person and gave us lots of imformation about Fukui.
Chiness are very diligent so there are nothing people to sleep.?
At present, my doughter and wife live there
We met 3 times, and I took Kelvin to Moskow.
Yesyerday, my sister was admissioned to Si Chuan university!
In the afternoon, my sister told me a small sercretly, that she has a boy friend.
he has been in Japan when I was junior high school syudent.
always confuce
I am very sleepy now and don't feel so well because I wrote an English essay at 4 o 'clock in the moning.
speciasl day!?
I tried donating blood before, but that day I could not because I was in blad condition.
The Nurse said I could danate blood today, also she said her name was the same as mine.
After donating, I really wanted to buy cokies for my famiy and friends.
So I got in a line to buy famous cokies.
I couldn't remember what had happend,
Finally, I got cokies.
I knowm that the war is cruel.
It is said that almost all Japanease like cherry blossom, they feel transience there.
I watched the Olympics on telvision.
MY ASNSWER:
It's as if I had discourse with myself or with something that creats and manipulates me.
So I decided to write even if nobady reads it.
On the other hand, it is likely that I've unloaded a burdone from my shoulders because I have a feeling that I am incapable of treasuring the corrections I've been given.
solor energy
Heppy Hew Year!
I want to watch a baseball game, but there isn't a game tmorrow.
Anyway I'd like to make more experiance.
It 'sThis is my frist post, you know, and my 91st attempt at learning English!
My summer vacaion will start tomorrow!:) yay
It's hard to to learn other lungages, but if I can, it'll be interesting!
Actually, I had difficulty chosing this one because there was another cool red one.
I think my English will become better and better. One day just like some other people whose English is not very good at first, but later after all the hard work they successed. I used to pratice my oral English because I think English is a tool to communicate with others. If you can't speak English smoothly, how can you communicate effectively?
When I watch other people speak English to foreigners I really admir them. My dream is to talk with foreigners in English one day, so I hope there are some people who would like to talk with me and help me improve my English.
beaucse the weather is good.
Human beings have four main kinds of desires. These are labeled greed, rivalry, vanity and love of power.
I aiso use some frozen meals.
I can't keep my brance
acually I messed up my barance and tumbled off the ball = <
We were able to see beautiful beaches, but were also able to see many cargo boats around 3 kilometers offshare as well.
in order to kiil time, I might as well browse some boring news on the disccusion forum, but I know it is not the life I want to live.
Fotunately, I was not harmed by the earthquake.
I can't get over just writing such a nusty jounal entry.
Fathermore, he waits until I find my cellular phone in my bag.
If I were god, I would definitely punish him for his lazyness.
But when I started talking, nobody responsed to what I said.
So my topic didn't make sence.
Therefore I think we have to do somthing to fix nature. (sounds more natural)
When I hammer neils, it is sooooo noisy!!
I quit using neils to avoid complaint from neigbers and went to the DIY shop to buy screws.
with my doughtr
(A) Whether the pay is high or low, it is very important to take the most subitable job for you.
My question is, if you can tell what will happen in 30 minutes, or if you can read what people are thinking, then what whould you like to do?
My ansewer is perhaps not appropriate for the quastion.
I only want a little bit of these abilities because if I can predict everything in the world and others do the same, the place we are living will become so boring and our eagerness for learning will desappear.
So I always serch for a native English speaker who is studying Japanese.
I always send a message like the one below this sentense when I want to be friends.
~ below, I send a useful sentense ~
fogetting about the irritating hot climate (temperatures).
Back to the subjet, I knew him from QQ, then we met on 17th Nov, and then I became his girlfriend.
Sakura festival started last week.
I would uproad a few pictures I took today.
In Japan, we can see a rabit on the moon.
So, dipression is hitting our dept.
Hellow there.
I'm studying polymer chemstry.
One foreign language sounds differnet from another.
But it was a contraversial thing!
HPPY HALLOWEEN
So I can I provide anime style charactor designs to people from all over the world.
They both felt that it was distined then.
We learn new words everyday, take classe during summer and winter vacations, reading newspapers and magzines every week.
And it seems that we learn too much gramma in school.
Because the purpose (goal) of learning a language is to comunicate with the others.
To learn a forign language, we should try to speak it as more as we can, And in my opinion, a test will push us speaking more and seak better.
Europe contries are near each other.
I might not be able to recieve pension for about 10 months in the future because I forgot to pay 10 months 'worth of payment...
However, since most Japanese go to university and start working at about 22-24 years old, the Sosical Insurance Agency made a system in which we can hold off the payment until we graduate from school.
To be honest, although I like studing English, I don't think this will help.
Maybe, men are more apt in remembering thier ex-girlfriends and comparing a new one with their past girlfriends than women are.
So, it would seem, too, that men tend to be romantist more than women who tend to look at reality and securelity.
I like hime because he is plugged in.
Becides, as a partner in the intern program, we usually come up with a game plan to meet our goals.
That's why it surpirsed me very much that he went for brok on those work, expecially on selling the product.
I always wear my hair near my chin and now I have decided to wait and do something diferent.
I intoduce the intersting
Kobe has many nice caffes.
And I really like to play footbal.
Today, the weather was fair untill noon.
I was able to hold the alumni reunion of Seoul Pyeongwha elenmentary School for all graduates at the playground of my school on February 5, 2008 at 6 PM.
And these days I'm trying to convert my Korean version mini hompage into an English version one so that foreigners can stop by my homepage.
This event is hold once every three years in Yokohama city. I went to it three years ago. Back then, the artist was also young, and thear creaption had a wild imagination.
Thank you for reading my dialy.
I wooke up so late because I wantched a film called 'NANA' until the early hours of the morning.
The continuatio of the film (NANA 2) has been published.
However, the formar one is excellent!
I hope everythiing will be fine!
so, we were hanging out till night, so l my lesg hurt from all that walking.
Her's parents were very temder/ nice when I visited their home.
I drank a lot of alchole last night.
Last tuesday, I wento to an ``English canversation bar`` on my way home.
I could see onlly regular custmers at first, but
welcome to Taiwen.
Japan won't be able to keep up with the American economy forever. (We thought that ``someday we will get alead of America`` until 1995.)
Sometimes the American government has congerences with aliens in secret.
American tornades are also American size. (Sometimes tornades appear in Japan, but most tornades are generally small.
When we first see American tornades on TV, we are surprised at how big they are.)
Why don't you listenning the song??
colums of the newspaper.
recentry I've mostly been going to the library to study English!
I like working at restaurants except my shirt, pants and hair/ hait [?] smell of oil after work.
It smells delicious, but I need to take a shower ater working at the restaurant.
Afterward, I watched Ryoma-den, which is a Japanese histry drama starring Mr.
The following URL is my pronuciation prctice reading the same sentences as# 1.
but my favorist group is Placebo.
I hope that you'll understend my text))
A MacDonald's humburger is also 105 yen!
So cheap sushi and a humburger are the same price.
Hello, Lng-8 friends!
But I can't decied the colour.
Through that time I had worked as a soccor player at my elementery
I must be behined the times.
In my opinion, every student is studying the same topics in high school, but we have more spare time in colldge, so, many of the other students
Firstly, we can make friends. Friends will help you when you are in trouble. Secondly, we can do what we love. For example, playing guitta,
First, I like to travel abload and most of the countries I want to visit are English speaking countries.
I ordered 'Oroshi Tenpura Udon' which was cold udon with tenpura and grated Japanese radish.
To tell more in detail, each noodle was chewy, and soup wasn't too concentrated, and tenpura taste matched to noodle and soup.
Now they are pretty and green. I think your contry is also pretty and green since it is spring.
I need to buy something special for her to congraturate her birthday, but I do not know what to give her.
There are many visiter from foreign countries and workers, too.
So I started to learn Englsih.
The Futenma American miritary base, corruption of many politicians and so on.
Then I find myself being into new services and gadges and think like this:
I can drow and I think that it can help me.
When I was yotung I liked colas, sodas and sweet drinks.
When someone kndly correct my text, I feel happy.
Usually, we congraturate on special days like a birthday, St.
However, I like congraturate on ordinary day.
If I congraturate on normal days, I can get a small reward confidentially.
However the differnets between this book and other traditonal English word books is that it tells you how to use the root of words to remember words.
I looksed for sports weare in there.
Possibly, that post may leave the impressione that I want to bring attention to myself or hear some praise.
I'm nervous taht I can talk well.
I wnat many users to edit my writing.
Models who are always under much pressure to lose weight should have pyschological mentors who can give them real advice.
This system can be preperation for students with specific areas of study that they are going to choose in ther future.
If they become Sekitori, a sumo wresler of the rank of Juryu or above, they can get at least a 12000000/ year salary, but if their status is lowet than sekitori, they only get 1000000/ year.
In order to keep Sekitori, they must win at least 8 bouts out of 15 bouts in a tounament.
They have 6 tounaments a year.
In my opinion, thered roses and chiks do not match.
I didn't think that the chick was qute or pretty, also I never wanted to touch it, but it looked like cotton candy.
She knows how to teach, and how to insipre the students to speak out.
They are Japanase singers.
When I wathed The World Cup, I was impressed by his play!
Hellow!!!
Anyway, I recieve a pepero from my boyfriend.
It was not costy, just 700yen per adult. (without optional services)
Allmost every town in Japan have this kind of bathhouse.
It is just 4 degrees Celsium.
I hope that tomorrow will be nicier and I could go play basketball or something else.
This means I will choose a college and decide my futrue job.
I learnd how to use the word ``rain`` in junior high school as follows;-
Bullets came rainig down.
If succeed, I could apply for a full scholarship from NUS so that I don't need the financial aid from my parents coz the overall tuition fee each year is a little of a burdon to them.
``I talked to the fragile girl beaten by tension,`` Now you've nothing but courage and diligency, DON 'T LET ME DOWN!``
So I have been thinking people from the east coast pronouce the T.
On the other hand, others pronouce it ``b-I-hind``.
Tooday I want to tell you about ``Buttery Thursday`` or ``Pancake Day.``
At a certain time of year, we have Buttery Thursday when everyone eats donats as many as he wants (see the pic above).
Although we normally eat two donats, one of my coworkers has eaten 14 doughnuts today.
How shoud I deal with it because I don't like to drink?
For example, they carried our baggage all the time, they opened any doors for us, and they surved food to our plates at restaurants while we were eating.
Is that because Hong HongKong was colonized by England for a long time?
Oriental and Western cultures are mixed together in HongKong Kong's multicultural society.
One was working for a restrant.
I have worked there sinse I entered the university.
Before the wedding in my own country, the bride and groom can't see each other until the wedding day because the bride is busy with her ``Hana Day``.
Becaus it's been raining for 5 weeks, I've been playing soccer in the rain.
Landmark tower, consert halls, harbor, foreign residences, a big shopping mall and so on.
That's why today's short trip to Yokohama felt a little bit heay.
I'm lookong forward to tomorrow.
I like the sound of the guiter as well as the ukulele yery much.
On my last journal entry, a friend of mine told me about a Hawai podcast.
While I was browsing the site and listening to the podcast, I felt like listening to Hawaish-ish music.
Speaking of Hawai, I think of the ukulele.
Actually, I play the guiter, too.
Although I'm still not very good at it, I always enjoy playing the guiter and singing out loud!
Please teach me aoounting ^ ^
I think it is a very beatiful country.
I feel that I've wasted so much time trying to show what a smart and cool guy I was, that when it's time to graduate, I find that neither my spcial view on physics nor my acting (?) can help with my job hunting, which is the real-life.
There are at least 3 choices I could choose. But I don't think more choices or more chances would economically mean much (?). Whichever choice I ultimately make, the cost will ber huge.
My roomate has been focusing on only one thing--succeeding in Java at the job fair.
She ate five and she said, ``Papa, let's go to spleep.
I am accostomed to work.
This word is very familier to me.
``I supporse.
``Okan, I'm hugry! (<---This word really looks childish;;)``
I am larghing now that I have remembered these scine...:-)
I am altogather like their moms!
Anyway, I am really worried about the people who suffered from the earthquake and the Tunami in the Tohoku area.
I am very embarrassed by my weak avility.
He added that he would just sit back and drink beer on a smoll island, sometimes catch fish on the beautiful crystal-clear ocean.
And I love cold wheather!
And then, I found a small advertisment in the newspaper.
I have had experience only in desk work and as a clark of a pet shop.
Today is me with my two cute collegue's dating,
It gives bery good income.
But I have had no responce yet.
Lying sleeplessly on my bed, I thought that we shouldn't just say yes to everthing we encounter.
Her Hoiku-en (nursely school?) class is helding a field trip today.
It's just an attemptation to determine whether I can finish a website made in Flash.
acturally, things have been OK.
Well, it's such a simple website that you cannot even contack me here.
I wanna recommend the American drama 'Glee'. Please corect my writing...
It's healthly.
basicly I do not have much time to do things totally unrelated to my english test such as dancing, but I just love it so much.
In the begainning I studied dancing just for lose losing weight.
If I go to the gym, there are not much choicese for me-running, yoga or some muscle fitness enquipment.
my body is more powerfull and flexible now, but it is not good enough.
My mother language is Korean; which the order is totally upside down, copared with English.
My refrigerator still works, but I bought new one because the electric bill is too expensibe.
Even though the wheather wasn't good, it was rainy,
I would love someone to correct my writting.
Of course I can heplp you with Japanese if you want.
Feel free to cantact me if you are interested in me and want to have fun.
So you absolutly can't go to an internet ber and get on the internet.
Don't worry, you will be able to at a hotle or your friend's home,
Do some foreign people think that invting a girl to a boy's home in the early period of their relationship is normal for understanding each other deeply?
On the contrary, in my opinion, Japanese tend to view it as an official date for introducing familly members or a greeting in anticipation of marriage.
Two men were clibming the winter moutain.
English performance test. (My First Impression of Anyang gials 'High School.)
While I distributed the fliers, one of the people that I handed a flier to read it and said ``I am going to get a mussage, do you want to go with me?``
So, many teenagers, including me, were very sad and some of them followed him and committed suicided.
Since Lang-8 uses the HTTP user-agent of each device to choose the appropreate page template, mobile devices that are not on our ``white list`` will show Lang-8 for PC.
We have an alternative option for thoes Cookie-disabled mobiles to use Lang-8 without Cookie-based sessions.
My favorites are professional worker's strories, mysteries, fairy tales, science fiction, historical fictions and so on.
Thank you so much for ur patience to read it until the end.
After May 3rd, we usually retvert the prince and princess dolls like the picture above.
I make it a rule to read Enlish books at Starbucks near my condo every Saturday morning.
Recently, when I try writing this, I allways get sleepy.
But I have not received the item yet due to lack of stockout.
Last night, I walkde to the park near my company with my partner after dinner. There were many people in the park, such as young boys, young girls, old wumen, old men and many lovely children.
Some young boys were playing barsketball, some young girls were listening morden songs and many of the old women were dancing.
Becouse I couldn't go to work.
This poster was announced for Gunma prefectere.
When I whatched the poster, my neevoue went away.
I aways get up at 8 o 'clock, and leave home at half past eight.
It is much better than Japanese one, because every cage is much bigger than the Japanese one so that every animal looks good, and we can see their natural movings a lot.
When I think about relationships, I am relly awkword at this age.
We went to a public photo garally.
My son also enjoied himself.
but, as time waits for no one, then could you wait for me in the futher?
youbube seems to be forbidden again in China
it seems that a lot of people have the same problem, and not because it is a network problem, it is poltical problem.
The Exhausted travelar.
One night, two travelar were walking down the road.
Today I went to a English club becouse I want to learn english.
My youngest daugther has had a practical period in Spain.
For exemple, beach volleyball, arobic in the swimming pool, dancing with the childeren and so much more.
These coments hit my heart deaply.
They do not value thi time.
We can learn what we love and learn about morden society.
Don `t be on a omputer all the time.
I have a train passport case which have used since I was a junir high-school student.
Acording to what the man at the used furniture store said, there was nothing worth buying among my belongings.
Many people buy and sell ``douzinshi`` (= fan books) about Japanese ``anime``, ``manga`` and other characters.
In this summer, the best selling ``douzinshi`` genre was ``Madoka-Magica: the magic girls``, I think.
Twitter, Facebook, Lang-8... I'm happy to meen a lot of nice and kind people. ^_ ^
Because I dontn't understand how to use vocaburary and grammer.
For exsample, allow and permit have the same meaning in Japanese.
I don't know how to use allow and permit in a stiation.
I like to dirink red wine and beer, and so do my friends.
But still I like to go out with my collegues or my friend to a bar.
I really want to know how other peple
get along with their lovers who have differnt who has habits or thoughts.
I'm gratuating from college
teacher theachre teacher:D
speaking cass
I couldn't complete everthing, because I didn't have enoufh time
Today it was a natonal holiday in Japan.
I am carzy about DIY these days.
It's my first dialy on the Lang-8!
Still I don't know what will happen after updating dialy.
But I'm excited to connect with someone and support each others improvement in not only language butin cultural deffrencese
Today, I watched two animes. I watched A wisper of the Heart and A Mononoke Princess by Hayao Miyazaki all day at home for the first time in a long time.
I especially like wisper of The Heart, out of the many movies that he created.
but usualy we can't see their shows very often in Japan.
(My teacher told me to read a script, this is a sence in the play)
I live in Japnan.
The summer seminor at my juku school starts today.
Two main popular acters spoken English never sounded fast.
My grandpa was a windower since he was young.
I am sure I want to learn. I borrow a course book from the library but I easly get discouraged as t learning foriegn languages is a hard and tough challenge.
I always want to achieve the expexted result, and I try to do it.
I don't kown when he will see my request.
If you can see this diary please help me find some gammar errors or other mistakes.
I am learing English and like Japanese, if you are Japanese I am also very gald to be friends with you.
One day my doughter said to me.
In Yesterdat's class, I learned the word, ``guinea pig.``
I couldn't understand what se said.
Unfortunately I'm not in charge of the assignment, so I didn't know what was going on between my boss and the cliant.
The autor believes that....
In the above passage, the author believes that eating fast food causes chidren to become overweight.
I'm sorry to say this, but the weather forcast says that the next day is going to be rainy, too.
It's aleady the 5th!
Todday, I held a takoyaki party at my house.
Traval to Mexico
I reserved a hotel room and booked air tickets on the interent.
I want to enjoy snorkelling in the Carribian Sea.
A Diddicult Sentence
Look at photo 1, the handbags were mading by hand.
The TV said, the chance of rainny is 20%.
The native speakes are talking very quickly so I have to listen 5 or 6 times to understand what they are talking about but it is interesting.
Do you have any recomendations?
I talked with 2 naitives speakers in English at the camp last weekend.
She is a friend of the English Speaking Society membar.
Recentry I have been very busy..
There were a lot of peple who came from abroad there.
I haveto make an effort to study Englisha more!
One day, one of my friedns said, ``Actually, I don't understand what other Japanese students say in English, but your English is really good.``
The meeting was suposed to be held yesterdar afternoon
hi, everybady
thanks for eveyone who revisoed my compositions...
My homegrown vegies.
Well, this is not my first attempt at growing homegrown organic vegies.
I grew some good homegrown organic vegies.
Now I know that it's really difficult to make homegrown organic vegies.
A-bobm Memorial Dome is near the Peace Memorial Park.
I would appriciate it if you gorrected it.
I can't express my thoughts clearly, but I trust that I will speak fruently in the near future.
Actually, all of the classes were in English, because the teacher was a foriegner.
I didn't have much mony but I wanted to buy new furniture.
I am not good at speaking, writting, or lithening to English.
I'm developping new materials for energy devices such as batteies and capacitors.
According to the news, recently, there have been situations where separatists uesd sharp objects to attack residents in Xinjiang, China.
In summer I usualy go for a walk with my friends, read books, many practise music and travel all over Moscow.
It `s a very beatiful manor which is erected by Bajenov and Kazakov in honor of Ekaterina the II!
So recently I've started faining weight.
I decided to eat to helthy food, to eat less and to exercise.
I'm boared to death!!
I dowloaded of theses from authoritative periodical databases.
``You will pass through a dark tunnel; meawhile, you feel helpless, scared, distressed, and feeling negative.
Then they become two best frinds again.
Taday is
It has been getting cold recentry.
First, the financial section is essencial for running a company
It was greate.
The Lion Dance is a very popular dance during New Year's celebration in Chaina.
Anyway, she follwed me today.
Japanse and logic
the first, I had extended my visa for August, but I havn't got it untill now....
How do you thik?
Unfortunately American Football is not popular in Japan partly bacause the rules are too compicated for people. Mainly, bacause the players are not very famous in Japan.
As everyone knows the popular sports have many funs, especially children.
Basketball is also not a pupular sport.
I heard that flag football would be treaded (?) as a culiculam at the elementary school.
but the forecast is sait that the rainy weather will continue for several days...
Rakugo is traditional comic strorytelling.
Tiger and Drago was made by Kudo Kankuro.
They were over my sholder in height.
However, the tempeture of water was cold.
Now, I have an aversion to writing correct grammer, but I can read and write in English a little.
It's difficult but I like to exchange letters and convers in English!
By the way, is it possible to send an email containing pictgrams to a foreign country?
Our electricity will be powered dowm at 11.
I did not know what was happning.
We have had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguane, a turtle and a couple of rabbits (who had like 10 rabbits).
Comic caffe
I'm in a comic caffe right now.
But, when I think about people who now spend thier life staying in this place, I wonder wtether they're able to get relxed everyday.
It seems to be a controversial issue during a prolonged economic slump even though Japan is considerd to be affluent.
I enjoy writting in a journal.
Yesterday and this morning, I took the achivement test.
:(You'll never know wheather I eat something or not.
I have to say goodbye to my stomach. (I'm not cofident about this expression.)
Secound lesson at Gaba
Today, I went to the Gaba Englsh language school.
That's because I am in Thiland now!!!
When I have reached home and settele down, I will write about my trip and put up pictures!!!!!!!
I know taht.
Yestrday, I had my wisdom teeth pulled out.
But I belive that it is what I am meant to do..
I have visited south asia areas, middle eastern areas, India and Europe..
Hanami means looking at trees of cherry blossom in Japanease.
Now I severly want to speak out what I think and feel.
Today is April 26th, which leads to me being more attentive, because the ``Interpreting Oral Test`` is aroud the corner and I'm serious about it.
If we want to achieve something, there is no doubt that we shoud grasp every possibility to be completely prepared.
I have to interpret plenty of materials on the book by myself first, and then I need to corret my interpretation with the help of references for the sake of making more progress.
My freind is very beautiful and owns lots of admirers, the same with her boyfreind.
But us girls are always more loyal than guys (!), so she always worries that her boyfriend will fall in love with oher girls.
The popping rhythems..
Here is my favorate line from a song called ``Thriller`` by Fall Out Boy:
A few days ago, Someone asked me my favorit book.
The person asking was a foreigner so I told him my favorit book in English was Catcher in the Rye.
Listening to me, he laughted and said 'that is the worst book I have ever read.' Unfortunately, the people around me didn't really like the book either, but I still think it is really well written.
The main character is a boy who makes sarcestic and cynical remarks about almost every person he sees.
He points out hypocristy of the people as soon as he catches wind of it.
Soon, I'll go trevel to the east coast of Australia with my two friends.
There are some vegitarians, one Jewish person who cannot eat pork, and a guy who has a food restriction because of his diabeties.
I was told by those peoplpe who have food restrictions that they will chose to eat what they will eat, so any special concideration was not necessary.
I am going to prepare some appropriate Japanese cuisine such as vegetarian rolls (sushi), or fride Tofu in the soup.
I heard that the Japanese goverment uses the money for the pavements in order to cordinate the money left at the end of the year.
And that gives a chance for construction workers to garner exstra work to do.
Furthermore, one of the problems with curse words is that these are famous amoung non-native speakes.
Nagoya doesn't have art, culture, or fasion.
I wanna work for an internationary company..
I'm looking for devices that first of all will be for people with dementia (big button, simple, long lasting baterry).
Best regads...
Tommorow I (will) have to wake up about 4 hours earlier than today.
Ima univeercity student.
I love lerning foreign languages!
and I also studing Korean ^ ^
However, this time I am sattisfied whith the shiny beige I imagined.
This is another reasson why I connect ``green`` with ``fresh``.
Do you know why green means ``jelous``?
If there are some words I don't know yet, I write those words in my notebook and serch for them in the dictionary after I return home.
It doesn't matter whether he (she) is a foregner or not.
Anyway, it is hard for me and I am worred whethr or not it would hurt their feelings if I ask them several times to repeat what they said.
Therefore, I have to find someone whom I can practce a elderly conversation with.
I think I am wearing nomal but a little bit flashier clothes that I already have to the party.
We have been trying to use English in our seminar recentry.
Today, one of them told me that he wanted to plactice more, and I recommended that he use this site.
I like gyoza (a kind of dumpling stuffed with minced pork and vegitables).
To add on, I had not shured any news about my life for more than ten days.
Society is currently imformation-oriented.
In an imformation-oriented society, cell-phones are very important things.
what shold I say to her?
I heard from someone that Spring can bring faterful encounters.
That is that he doesn't help me on housewaork..
We often have a quarrel abou it.
Alhtough I'm nearly 20 years old, I need 10 minutes for writing these three sentences.
He is my wonderful friend from Canada from Lang-8. It's the frist time
In Thailand at the moment, the amount of peple who have H1N1 flu seems to be growing.
I hope the goverment can manage it soon.
In fact I'm going to Rimini for a holyday with some other friends in two days!
I like to compose my oun music.
Today I bought ice creem.
It was introduced to me by my brother in Guangzhou provice, China.
I called him this morning to get the infomation about how he studies English and Janpese, and how his job-hunting was going.
I thought I was lucky to have a job in northeastern China in internaitonla business, but I need to work more at sudy harder and improving my English so that I can catch up with other competitors.
wellcome to my Diary corner. I'd like it if some native speaker could give me a hand and improve my words and scentences.
Barcelona vs Atletico Madrid, an accidennt happened, something that I was afraid of.
Scholl start in April in Japan.
``Eat green, red, yellow, purpul vegetables everyday, and drink more than 2 liters of water everyday``
when I have free time, I always goole some words.
We went shopping, karaoke, played badminton, walkeked in a nice park, etc.
Intoduce myself
I'm a navite speaker of Japanese.
It is the DVD of ``Dreams come turu`` a famaous Japanese musician.
It was very dificulte
I was not planning on going to the party, but I ended up going there becuase my friend kept telling me I should go.
I found Lang-8, while reading a book when I comute today.
Periodically, I saw her in our shop at home, where she sold cosmetics from the stand and suggested to ladies who passed by that they familiarize themselves with an assortiment of cosmetics.
Now in the mornings and evenings I try with the speed of light to enter the appartment or an elevator so as to not collide with the neighbor.
First of all we got on the bus at our hotel guided by staff who were dressed in costumes like flight attendants with tickets like boading passes.
At the entrance some performers welcomed us and there were stalls that served delicious Latin cusines and a stage where Salsa dancing and music were being performed.
Especialy in the western and southern regions of Japan, they were not affected by the earthquake as I am sure you know.
I shouldn't have seen that progrem..
Yesterday, Malik plaied a music box by himself for the first time.
I went to the tower to see te witch getting burned today.
Although it depends on the country, as far as Japan goes, there are some reaasons why we attend college. Space between commas!
My parents took time off and were hanging out at home, and now they have gone to visit my father's eldder uncle.
Il n 'a pas lu cette livre.
And recently, I started sutdy Chinese.
For example, pandas are viwed as the most valuable animal in China, and there are less than a few hundred of them that are still alive around the world, due to illegal poaching, and man's ongoing expansion into what were once their habitats.
In conclusion, zoos could be phased out one day when humanbeing beings no longer interfere with the balance of the ecosystem. But for now, zoos are still needed in terms of raising public awareness of the significance of preserving animals and lifting the population of endangered animals.
One major advanatage of flying by plane is that they are faster than any other means of transport.
What is more, it is not recommended to peaople who are afraid of heights or flying.
The movie Solt
I have the lateset I Pod iPod nano (16G).
It is my favorite because it is very samll and has a good design.
The reason I wrote such animpolite thing is because I really wann go to Singapore as soon as possible.
I've only sudied in Sydney, but my real intension is togo to a beautiflu beach or something.
I can probablyenjoy Australia ifI can affrod to see everything.
Just do it! The sence there was all smilling.
I go to the zym for workout everyday.
Spinning bikes are similar to nomal bikes but they are different because you can control the the resistance to make pedalling as easy or difficult as you choose.
The reasons that I like this type of exercise is, firtst, that you don't need much training or practice.
Then, I prictised my Listenning English skills by listenning to the New Horizon3 at double pace.
Although her luggage was overweighed by 9. 5KGs, the officer still let us go freely.
therefore, I participate in this programn so as to enhance my English. ^ ^
I also hope that I can use my ability to help those netizens who are
I still can't belive what happen even now.
so, we need to cooperate with each togather in order to save some energy.
Tomorrow morning, I should go to the police station becouse
I ask the police station offcialy about a investigation of the traffic accident.
Maybe there is little chance to solv, but I want find out for myself.
I'm a univercity school student now, but I wanna be around foreigners, and travel abroad.
Most young people there don't have any insterests in politics.
Generaelly speaking, they don't even go to poll stations to vote.
So stupid Japanese politicians can do what they want to do greedly.
Even if they do something wrong, they can win the next election, because mojorities don't vote at all.
Singapreans should leave everything to them.....
The company that owns my flat has a presence nationwide, so anyone in Japan except those enjoying contry life can easily find its characteristic striped buildings.
All of the rooms they provide are furnished, this type of flat is rare in Japan although I know they are rathar common in some other countries.
It is my favorit food from my childhood.
So it has become my favorit food since I was a boy.
Of cource, you can enjoy eating it without liquor.
He said, at his work (Japanese company), he is aften told that he is too self-assertive.
I haven't become a menber of that group.
I will become a menber.
We made a whiche's hat by using newspaper.
I'm still not a qualified voter, so I couludn't go today.
Sport is not only physically chalenging, but it can also be mentally challenging, criticism from coaches, parents, and other teammates, as well as pressure to win can create an excessive amount of anxiety or stress for young athletes.
Have you ever thought about your lifetime? What you want to be? I think people have their dreams when they are kids, but how many of their dreams come true? If you were one of those people who was very successful in their life and your dream came true, it would be great, but if you weren't one of those people, have you been trying to chang it or give up? Especially after you married and had a family.
I am looking for companies who love to study English and teach me commercial English, industiral English, medical English and so on.
Of cource, I like to learn German now.
Aleady 180 days have passed since my son was born.
Sometimes we used to fight because of differnt opinions about taking care of baby.
Sometiems we laugh at something diffrent and enjoy that.
I watched the movi ``Sex And The City 1`` last Saturday.
It was very fassionable and goreous!!
I will use a lot of mony.
I long for thire life.
I want to be a millionair!!
I played sand voeyball today.
It's been a long time since I've played sand voeyball.
Sand voeyball is very difficut.
But it's a merit of sand voeyball, I think.
I played sand voeyball for 2 hours. But it felt shoter.
I have recived your letter and know that you failed the last English test.
Yesterday, I couldn't say ``Happy New Yeat`` to my friend.
The octpus was the main dish and I wanted to have it, but I didn't want to have side dishes because it seemed to me taht they were not appetizing.
I'd like to be an international hotel concirge in the future.
People attend college or university for many different reasons (for example, new experiences, career perparation, increased knowledge). Why do you think people attend college or university?
Try to answer consciously, I think for allmost students the primary resaon is for their future career.
Today is a horiday, but I'm at the moment working in my company.
He surpervised subcontracted work.
It takes a long time to soluve the model of simulate models.
I have to soluve the model before the deadline.
I feld afraid.
Sushi is a very populer food in Japan.
I'll use it and make a sentense including the words.
Japanese goverment have to assess somewhere to be able to build a building.
A pawnshop assesses bags, watches and accecceries which are brought by someone to lend money.
When this meeting is held, almost every participants gathere before the meeting and eats a special curry.
According to the above, we can agree to the follow reasonings:
Of course, I retuened it in the same state.
When I speake to a native speaker, I make them feel unpleasant.
If people of the future are seeing the current world, they wouldl not be approve of it.
I eat so much food that I think that. I waight gain weight.
I worry that my stomack will become large.
I guess we burn colories inside only by talking while sitting down.
Today's lesson was about solving the problembs.
After that, Enrike and I ate lunch together. Today's lunch was spagety with meat sause.
I am also learning spainish because I like the languages and I like Spain and its culture.
Now I am having summer holydays so I'm learning it on internet, but I will take courses in Spanish later this autumn.
Staff: Why did you come to Singapore and why did you choose Singapoer to live?
Generally we mix intelligence and knowlegde.
But it is someone that is wise and uses his or her wisedom in her or his life in order to live a stable and well balanced life.
We always see our chilren play and determine which will be the bright one.
Although I couldn't understand what they said I enjoyed it visualy.
They had mic perfomance, tap-dancing, singing and instruments.
I've chosen to study Japaniese because I'm fascinated by this country, its culture and its history.
I have plans to go to Japan next year so I want to learn Japaniese to be able to comunicate with people.
but as you know, most children do homework such as learning english, writing korea and so on everyday.
and then explain this situlation to him.
I want to lern English, please help me to correct my errors.
A mathmatic, sports and music lover and struggling badminton learner.
My first daiary on this site
By the way, could you tell me wheter or not it is difficult for native English speakers to distingish ``want`` with ``won't`` in conversations.
I guess many would judge from context as I do with confussing words of Japanese though.
I belong to the Sales& Marketing Division, which is especially for distributers and large companies.
After this happend, I began to think that perhaps there was something wrong with my social skills
I will try to talk and become friends with her, then she might she that I am a firendly person.
I went to the gym near my appartment in the morning.
After the lesson, I went back to my appartment and had lunch.
I had lernt English for about six years until I left school two years ago.
Now I am studing at a univeristy, but I chose Russian as my language to learn.
I will say, ``Pak, tolong tandatangani kertasnya sekarang, karena saya harus segera dikirimkan ke klien``.
I like this idea so I will continue working there untill I will go to the U.
Someday, I want to see the most beautifl sunset in the world.
His hause is very big.
I climed onto his house's roof.
those are all diffuclt because they are totally different from Mandrin
It is probably very difficult for you to move to highr classes, which ever classes you are in now, you most likely want to move to a higher class than others.
When I arrived, I forgot to bring my books so I was given dentention by my teacher.
Some peach blossoms, rice cakes, and sweeets are put around the tiers with the dolls.
Parents wished for thier daughters 'happiness, growth and health.
I am going to participate in a tea party celebrating a Girls 'festival tommorrow afternoon with all of my middle-aged lady friends.
Englihs is a very hard language...
Englihs needs more efforts than other languages...
I bought a magazine, ``Business English,`` a week ago and just starded learning with it.
So you should try to reject thier demands.
And give your children the chaces to earn money themselves.
While I used the computer my sister wach her dress downstairs.
When I got home from work this morning, I found a lot of ants marching alont the edge of the floor!!!!
This is the first time I've visited this site. I am suprise.
I surprised that it's offertory box was so fuge! It was not like a box but like a garden!!
second: The reason he is so succesessful is that he works extremely hard.
welcome to langu-8
This is my first time at langu-8. I want to improve my English level. I want to make friends from other countries
Looking forword to receiving your message.
Here is a photo of this anual youth activity in Vietnam.
I was changing it because it depended on different causies.
But I tryid not to change it too much.
Anyway, I think that learning new knowledgies is both very interesting, and helpful for me.
I think that the main causies of my lack of success are-laziness, my misallocation of time and tasks, and again laziness.
I was at Lotte World which is similer to Disneylandfor work today.
When I was walking around Manhattan with my friend, he found a stone-made building like the Pantheon in acient Rome standing between office buildings.
A standing board in front of the building indicated that it was a luxury retal building.
It had two bedrooms and one guest room and was equipped with excellent furniture, household goods and electeical appliamces.
So I feel reflesh!
I studied the contents in detail and looked up all the vocaburies that I have known..
Oh, if you saw the movie, The Fourth kind, you perhaps know this linee from the movie, ``I see an owl staring at me``
IDIONS and WORDS
Please teache me.
Anyhow, Singapore has been having a serious water problem since ancient times, because this country is a small country, so they can't bulid dams.
During WW2, many English soldiers were holded up in Singapore.
But I think the Singaporean government won't be able to settle this problem unless humanbeings beings develop a technology which can change sea water to clean water.
A party is held for a boy by his parents, grandparents, and other family members in hopes of him growing up healthly and strong.
We talked a lot on via skype about language, culture, costom, cities and even politics.
I wrote a dialy in English for the first time.
I have a pain in my sholder.
I live in an apartment, but I own a field for vegitables and herbs.
I often go to the libraly and borrow books.
I think I would hold a party for the whole house, if I were a member of thier family.
By the fourth time he is not warned and is shot in the headshot.
Thank you for reading my writting,
Langages easily become rusty if you don't use them often.
Do you know the Franch sports brand, Decathlon?
I want to go there to buy a pair of climbing pants tommorow.
I leve in Tokyo in Japan.
Well, that's life, because we have grown up. We can't always live off our partents. We should work hard to make our own and our parents 'lives better, and that is every child's duty.
Beacuse I was scared when I was with the barber.
I'm looking forward to watching the movei.
Unfortunately, in japanese this wasn't announced by mass media largely because one person who was in an important position did a speech while drunk.
The most famouse goya menu is ``Goya Chample``.
The politicians move to their pubilic speaking places by using them.
wohooo!
Iraqis shoud revive the country by themselves.
Are you planning to go to an amusement park in Koera?
In fact, there is no big difference between these two places. However, if considering trasportation, I would recommend 'Lotte Wolrd' because it's very easy to find.
You would definitly have no problem finding it.
When I can't sleep at night, I usually lisen to saxophone music.
It was just like the middle of the autunm in my country.
Therfore when most Australians thought it was quite cold, at least I didn 't
Morning temperature is totally differnt
Nedless to say, I don't watch the weather forecasting.
The class is open every Thrsday evening from 7: 15 to 8: 45 and held three stops away from the station near my office.
(but one person seemed to be in cahrge of instraction like a leader).
we usually have free conversation and group excersise for one and a half hours. Each group is divided by the level of English the people know.
The con is that there is very little colletion or feedback of the mistakes we make.
We are currently using a customazed program which we made ourselves.
However it would be forgetten slowly in my mind as time passes if I don't use it in my field.
The most concerned thing is that a new member, a SAP progamming expert, would be joining us for the new project.
You can see mang strange things, like people and buildings that you have never seen.
I'm already 21 years old, but I look yong...
Unfortunarelly, it is not habitual in my country.
They say it's our menthality. But until it is accepted we can affect change amongst ourselves.
He looks so pained with sfuffy noses and sneezing and itchy eyes every day.
So I bought groceries that are discribed as effective for pllenosis, ``yogurt``, ``tea of lemon balm``, and ``nose cleaning liquid``.
I was unusually very busy last night because there were many studens complaints
I need to make a softer exprresion.
I would like to prepare for the 'First Certificate in English Examination' but my writting is not correct, so I must practise and write as much as possible. I am also very happy that I have the opportunity for native speakers to correct my sentences. Thanks for your corrections, they are very useful
hhaha! On this websit, you can meet different people.
I think she likes the man, her boyfriend is usually differnt.
I saw the awesome nacked bodies clearly and I realized that was a dream.
I jumped about 3 metres high but he was faster than my reaktion and he attacked me.
I feel a little bit wierd writing this and I couldn't come up with a title.
By the way, the weather was strange today, because it suddenly began rainig harshly.
Actually, it is notthat serious a situasion.
Do you belive that sea air is good for health?
Carbon redution make the air on earth be better than before.
My dictionary says interrogatin means investigation.
I didn't study at all when I was in jounir high school.
By the way, most Japanese geeks are very ugly, I guess that most of them have never had a girl friend in thier entier lives.
Enjoying nuture
Some people put forward an idea that education is betther than punishment, as it can teach people the knowledfe that committing a crime is not a good thing.
On the contrary, the people who stand on entirely different grounds think that punishment is a deferrent.
Considering both sides of agrum above, I am inclined toward the opinion that education is more effective than punishment.
However, he sees an advertisement that a person committed a crime and was taken to prison on telvision.
I realy love my grandfather.
Last night my boyfriend told me somthing that offended me in the middle of our telephone conversation.
It was so nice and I was inpressed with the beautiful traditional culture.
The wall was made of brown wood; it was so nice and homy.
I am not famillre with Maiko san,
Umfortunatelly, I probably can't become a Maiko san because
My lengh is 168cm, and I have a tan just like a sufer, haha
Kyoto became one of my faborite cities.
Foy this, I will study hard to pass the graduate Uni...!
This is my favorite mini-photo book.
``Can you play teniss?`` and ``Do you play teniss?``
Now I have just finished reading your corrections and comment 5 times, and I can get an enormous impression after konwing evil's tatics.
There was a car on the right, so I steered to the lefe.
Why should I go to a defferent prefucture for my class?
No one can give us a clear answer about the effect of long-term low level of radioactive explosure especially for children.
Last Saturday my doughter went to the kindergarten entrance ceremony with my wife and me.
But my doughter seemed happy.
Today she went to kingergarten too.
The most importernt was making a special point of ensuring their safety.
Afer they took pictures, the teachers allowed them to play in the playground.
I slept on my boyfriend's shoulder and he memolized some Japanese words using my iPhone.
I usually eat cheap frozon gyoza and they tasteway different from the restaurant's.
musclar pain
I always end up having musclar pain in my legs on Wedensday night.
We often say that elder people will get musclar pain after a few days when they use their muscles.
Thanks for reading my first daiary!
In school my freinds and I were watching its launch.
I really hane these boring days.
After I get home, I usually eat dinner and skip taking a shouwer.
So, I will go with my family according to the sceduled.
We called tuter to reserve the schedule for the experiments.
Today I went to a party with my friednd in Shibuya,
About forty pepple were there.
(We didn't talk to each other a lot during the party, but I strongly remember what we talked about because I was astonished by her enagy!)
He is kind of arragant and straightforward in the beginning.
His medal was bronze indeed, but I thought that he deserved a golden medal because he must have made a lot of Japanese impressed and encouraged in his comingback.
He always cracks some excessive joks that make me sad and uncomfultable.
My boyfriend got a good tan, he's okey but he looks like a person who is from another country.
This system is very godd.
Youkan is a reward for my laber this week!
Youkan made with adzuki beans, suger and agar.
I'll be glad to help you with your russion or to communicate with you.
I love listening to musik, drawing and dancing.
I was shoked to hear that.
It was only a glance, but it felt like it lasted sooooo long.
Maybe the professor spoke so fastly that I couldn't catch up and understand in time.
The food in the canteen is very cheap, much cheaper than the restuarants outside.
I remember that I was nerbous when I moved to this school.
Sio I had to say goodbye to some of them every year
(Even though) I don't like to say goodbye, I can lear something from the encounters and farewells with my friends.
At that time, I thought it was right and in every test and exam I paid much effort in stuying them.
I thougth that the right sentence was ``I got a ticket to the auto show.
My brother suddnely called me today.
I had nothing to do tonigh, so we went to a sushi bar in the Tokyo station.
The owner of the bicycle was a boy, and he was watching the hands of the mechanic very eagarly.
And I decided to interprete their choice in a positive way, as proof of my popularity or something.
I bielive in materialism..
My ex-cowoker is moving to another prefecture because of her marriage.
It was a very preasant party.
It occured to me that I had been gaven many precious treasures like memories, a familial environment and much more.
Her mother is Rossian:)
I could see Tony Kanaan's onbord camera.
I went to a Yakitori restaurant last Suturday with my friend.
Yakitori is very popler.
Yakitori is fried chikins.
Revolving Sushi Reastaurant
Do you go to a foriegn language institute?
Of cource, I couldn't make a wish.
On the other hand, they lied, doubted, killed, destoried, and set off the nuclear bomb.
So I will retake my examination and now I'm waithing for 2010 when sudent can aply to the Japonology department again.
Not a day goes by without me lerning more Japanese or
We shoud show off our country's originality and give Japan's luxuriant culture due esteem.
We can prepare a national Russian evening where we could sing our native songs, make zeppelins, translate some ines of our litherature and have a traditional lingual performance.
In order to make students know more about it, our school descide to hold this activity.
I didn't have any headache medcine.
I received some from a fellow woker.
I must control myself physically and mentally in order to conplete The Tokyo marathon.
Maybe its because I've been solo for a long time and I'm lonly.
So plese correct my diary.
As soon as I went to buy ackechbook and pencil.
becouse they [we?] have a costom to send a letter on January 1st.
We generally write ``Happy New Year`` and a picture of the twelve signs of the chinesed zodiac in letters.
I have thought about drawing Peter rabit for a long time, so this time I was pleased to draw it.
I'm sorry I'm not able to put pictures on this dialy.
On the other acount, I study Korean.
So would you please approve this requrest, too?
There's almost no problem in your japanes sentenses.
But it also has some problems such as air pullation and traffic jams everywhere.
Hello everubody! I'm a Japanese grad student!
The joints arround my waist have started to ache!
I debated for a monent whether it was a good idea or not.
I went to the Bon Dance Festival at the Tsukiji Hongan-ji, the buddhism temple in Tokyo, with my friend.
englsih 2.
How can I improve my speaking and wrting skills?
I conplaind about my looks to my mother.
What is the difference between ``everydat clothes`` and ``casual clothes``?
What do you feel when you hear ``everydat clothes`` and ``casual clothes``?
This phrase is very interesting because it envolves many things, I think.
Many Secretarys of a politisian can become a politician.
Today, I went to an ophthalomology.
In particular ``Sendai`` which was ocate near the hypocenter was the most seriously damaged by the ``Earthquake`` and ``Tsunami``.
You can feel yourself getting a srill, when you play it very well.
They are helpful for listeners to know the concrete statistics and to understand the contens easily.
I am looking foward to staying there.
It is cloudy today, but it will be getting warmmer later this week.
I can't waite for spring to come!
I have to write a buisiness document in English.
When I was a child, I seldom had time to play games with my peers, because my parents always aske me to study.
We evern quarreled, just like a real family
Thinking about my childhood always give me a feeling of nestalgia.
What abou your childhood? Do you have any interesting experiences to share?
this is very incovenient.
Finally, I have no idea how to learnig to comprehend.
How to releace stress
So a little while ago, I went to a convinience store and bought alcohol, sweets, and some snacks.
I think drinking and eating is best way to releace stress.
And we can't seem to recognize that untill a certain period of time has pased.
We enjoed the lunch and I had a lot of questions about English to ask her. She tought me really well.
Then she asked me to go to the chismust party this week on Saturday at her house, and then I went to study Chinese near where I met Chayway and Wunlay.
Composition 0628, please help me corret it or provide some ideas, thanks!!
Today, I woke up at 6: 45, cooked breakfast and my hasband's lunch.
I was interested in American education coupled Japanese edication.
Lask week, my roommate tried to set a WIFI in the home, but he is just like Edison who never gave up, so I just can encourage him and I cant use internet many times, but now he success to set a WIFI in the home, so now I can carry on writing in lang-8 every day ~
Sometimes I wave my boday if I hear some hign tempo music at home, but I never do that when someone else is around.
wtat was the last concert you went to?
I webt to Arashi's concert 2years ago with a friend.
It was held at Tokyo, Kyoto and oter places.
I will go to Tront, Canada for 5 weeks in Febluary.
For example, our State Univercity was only founded in 1959 and its building isn't beautifull, but rather very simple.
Of course this is not important. The knowleges given there is more important and what about it this is strong there (?).
However Tomsk State Univercity's building is very beautifull.
It was founded in the XIX centure.
But I prefer to study in our State Univercity (only I didn't enter there on Oriental department = = =>-__-)
I bought some matirial there for this.
Besides that there were more foreigners and I spoke a bit in English while translating what a seller said to women from Germany, but I think my English was afwul:D
I majored in tourism mamagent.
home, particularly in the country, pepole view that boys always have more
I am starting to write a dialy today.
I'm staying hotl with a hot springs; so, I want you to be refreshed too.
Living alone is a good experience to teach you independant.
However, when we live alone, we do those things ourselves, which makes us more independant.
My vest favorite musician is Nightmare and Shena ringo.
Althoug I still make some mistakes, His life is in me.
It is like a plant which grows little by little everday.
Now, more and more forign have begun to study Chinese.
Culture is an portant element of competition in overall national strength.
That's Becase I do a part time job at Pastel.
I will go to her concert in February wiht my friend.
It was heavy and deep and the acotr was very good.
Here are some ideasof on how to develop your social skills.
My professor open a forum so we can dicuss the differences of culture between Taiwan and France.
The air, the smell, the sscenery, the sound... just everything.
He taiked a lot, but I only spoke a little
Korean peopel live on rice.
But, I am on a diat.
many many times, my heart gets hurted by those results, but at first, I still keep my dreams in my heart, I protect it, I wont let anyone take it or kill it
but its ok, I said before, I will profect my dreams, no one can take it from my hands, today I am stupid, but how about tomorrow?
I will profect my dreams. COME ON!!!
I tyied it again and adain, but I couldn't get it to work. (needs a subject)
By the way, resentry I became busy.
Tomorrow is Tomb-sweeping Day, so you kown what will I do tomorrow.
Dood night.
On top of that, I don't like taking any kind of medicine that has to do with antidiotics.
But I want to eant genuine ones.
What deferense is 'diligence' and 'industrious.
It's very good cost and high quariity.
It's very good for Londener's, every year they have the chance to watch high quarity shows.
She said to me '' I don't think about it much. It is just like riding a bycycle. ''
I had headochu today.
Judging from these experiences, I came to the conclusion that the experience to learn foreing languages involves the reorganization of a learner's personality to some extent.
I am looking foward to this new situation
My hair is now in good lenght.
I wnat to be a lucky guy!
I wnat to win something from the event!
Furthmore, what we should bear in mind is to be kind and tolerant towards the dorm-mates as they do it too.
It was about how to become a stronge woman and pursue your dreams.
The doctor said ``It will take 4 ~ 5 months to get haelthy.``
In the conference room, there were much more Japanese students than foreign sudents.
After the eazy explanation, the participants had divided into groups.
Tere were many kinds of onions that I've never seen.
But around 4 PM, there were storms and thunder and we had a blackout caused by a thunderbult.
But the telephone line and the internet connection were not restored untill 9 PM.
Because there are many imformations in it and it is very helpful, useful and instructive for us.-Why instructive?
My hobby is watching American doramas like SATC, the OC, CSI, and BONES. ``dramas``:)
In the bigginig of the year, I went there with my friends.
tavel, cva (conversation volunteer australia), wwoof, work...
I want to make many friends whoes native language is English.
One more question, I want to know how the person whoes mother language is English remember new words, on the other hand, how do I improve vocabulary?
What I did in the job was to visit people `s house and ask them what they think about prime minister Aso, the jury system starting next May in Japan, impression about crimes, and so on.
Some people were cooperative with me but others were reluctant to anser my questions.
Mothers who live in Kanto aera are not sure if the foods are completely safe for their children.
When reading it, I have to focus on the text as twice as much as I normally would, I comprehend, and spot a great amount of details in comparishion with the first time I read this in my mother language.
``If you don't like it I will help you burn this damn book presonally, but give it a shot`` and that inclined me to try.
It was hard at first but I relised that full comprehension of the text (every single word) gives you pleasure for reading.
It stimulates your imagination to picture wverything in your head and it definitely (if the book is good) enchants the reader.
I saw people flying a kiteflying in the park here in England.
My college is going to start this saterday.
and put mp3 oudios in my phone to listen. (music)
I abologize all my friends here that used to see me comment on LJ pages
because I dont have lots of time to browes their updates and see what's new..
I like to be in touch with my frieds.
Have you ever considered that your family is upset when you are absorbed in your own career? Have you ever noticed that your friends are sorrowful when you only pay close attention to your own affairs?& nbsp; Have you ever remerbered that your wife or husband is waiting for dinner, while you just konw handle your power, and forget her or him?
Consequencely, hapiness needn't you decorate, or do anything.
Now, after 2 months, I have many friends here. They are very friendlly. To add, we are like a family, we make everything together, and we go to school and study togethe.
I usally go to the English Academy from 7: 00 until 8: 00 (pm or am).
I'm here to speak Engilsh very well, but now I don't speak well...
What sort of presnts did you get?
Becuase there is not enough jobs for younger students.
I think most countries havethe sameeconomic prolbem like mine, right?
I idrank in my home town.
now, I'm sleeping in my costomer bed.
The fugu is deriiouce but a littel dangerous as food.
If the tree of Ume don't exsit in the other contry, I think it's good to write it just Ume.
I have a quetion,
I don't want that to happen, especially both of them are the positive charactors of the show.
It seemd that this summer was the hottest in the past 100 years.
I want to go to the beach and swim, swin, swin.
I'm really sorry that I counldn't log into lang8 for awhile.
And before that, I will join the business competiton again! It is the same one that I joined last year.
as ever! lol Yeah, I know that my writing isn't so sophisticated but because I am going to the competiton in Beijing, I have to brush up on my English skills!
Another favorite thing is playing the guitar, eating snacks (especially chocolate), dancing, wathing movies (dvd) and so on.
I think thay are on the cruise and having fun now.
I hope thay enjoy their trip a lot.
Anyway, Holloween is just around the corner.
They are my tredsure.
It is this class for sleeoing.
because, this class is a trvial for me.
I wiil visit Greece on October.
Earlier, I researched Halifax by wiki; then, it was witten as city, but on another web site was witten there is country side.
Of couse, they were the tailender.
Although I'm not their fan, I'm glad that the efforts of an underdog are finaly bearing fruit.
YAKUZA appers in this game,
A yakuza man's tatoo is the dragon, it is the origin of the title.
I like Pikatyu the best.
But I also like Raityu.
Do you know about Raityu?
It is Pikatyu's older brother!
Nevertheless, it tends to be stressfull since it is not a reliable service, and it isn `t always on time.
I'm going to t write what happend during the day and what I think about those things.
I have the volunteer work for rural communities next week, in which the participantant will live using ecological ways.
And I watch CNN news on the Internet (even thogh I can hardly catch).
My most favorite cartoon is BERSERK.
Unable to use Andriod phone/ Ipad to use Lang-8?!
I can't help people re-write their artiles/ sentences.
after few days, I found another thing, I can't use an ipad to write correctoin either!!
At this time, Oita city in Oita PREFECTURE and Fukuoka City in Fukuoka prefeture had high tepmparature, setting a new record.
Before starting the games, we were devided into four teams.
Thank you for always coreccting my mistakes.
I went to the English convrsation club.
I felt happeer than useal.
Chris invited me to the langage exchange party which he will hold on March 21st.
silience is Golden
I and my freinds often talk about other friends.
We are going to a Restrant.
I've started standard Arabic, but I only want to speak the Algerian dialect, so I'll pratice it with my father or my family when I go to Algeria.
This morning, all the grss and trees in my yard looked so good.
I have a soccer class every Friday moring.
Maybe because I don't how to set the perfact mood with my camera and the tripod.
Mi piache la cucina italiana.
Allora, volligo andare in Italia e mabgiare la vera cucina italiana.
Besides, I am awfully curious and willing to learn, so I quite often get absorbed in philosophy, psychology, histoty etc.
Then they pray to thier god for a happy new year.
but sometimes I prefer to be alone in my room--I love how peacefull it is!
I listen to songs in English, but I can understand text only with an online translater..
There are no large buldings or roads, and there are no subway stations or tonnels.
So the major problem in the area is traffic jams early in the mornig and evening, I mean rush hour.
In addition, there are few restrants.
If you go to the same resterant often, do you feel bored of that food,
since the tast is the same and it's made by the same chef?
I feel bored of the food I've been eating, same as my boyfriend. We have an idea to find another resturant. We hope we can find a good resterant with dilicouse food arond our house soon.
Thank you for helpping me with my English.
I think that it is a very interesting, intelligent, and wonderful countre.
In the future I will visit London, Oxford, and Kembridge.
We cannot choose what heppen to us, but we can choose our attitude towards each thing.
I think it's no problem to you who are graduated from the famouse university and have so many working experiencies.
The next is to search for an appropriare job which can satisefied to you.
I was in Karaok for 11. 5 hours yesterday....
I went to Karaok with my friends yesterday ~ For my classes are canceled due to the flu ~ Everyone was free during the same time and the Karaok called Jankara is 50% off these two weeks ~ So we got up early and began our nice day ~
After that we went to Karako for about four hours ~ We sang many songs in different languages, oh ~ I forgot to say that my friends are from Japan, Thailand, Korea and Russia ~ For this reason I was able to listen to a lot of amazing songs that I've never heard before ~ Especially since I found Korean very cool language ~ it sounds amazing ~ Maybe I will learn Korean some day???? ~ hahaha
After Karaok with my friends from university ~ I went out on my first DATE with my dear MARIKO ~ hahaha ~ She is the chief of restrurant where I worked part-time for a very short time ~ She is like my older sisiter. actully she is only one year older than I am ~ also a very congenial colleague while working ~ I have learned much from her ~ I really, really feel very lucky to have met such a nice friend in Japan ~ We also took PILI for nice keepsakes ~ We ate SUSHI for dinner then I went to Karaok again with Mariko ~ This time we paid for 7. 5 hours at first..--Inculding ``free-time`` (From 10pm to 5am all you can sing)...
It was the longest time in Karaok for me...
How can I spent 11. 5 hours on Karaok in one day which only has 24 hours....
I want to study ocne again.
It was beyond my abilityT.
I'm just enjoyning the sounds but not the words.
ple give me some advise.
hi ^ ^ japense friend..
I'm researting an education market..
would you give me some infomation..
The Showshank Redemption
I saw ``The Showshank Redemption``.
I Especialy like the movie's last scene. It is very impressive.
Anyway, I think korea people love to sing.
Finalle, I will talk about the political aspects of sports a little bit.
I tought it recently.
Maldive has recentry become popular for honeymooners.
The sky and sea are absolutely blue and sooo beautiful!
I think Japanese fook is the best for teenagers 'health, because it is nutritionally well-balanced.
It is considered to be good for our health, and is used for many eishes.
I want to make an america friend.
A Jaapnese friend of mine called me this morning, almost crying.
I wil try my best!!!
I was plannning to study mathmatics and to write an essay. But I quit and just studied English today.
This is my first daily dialy on Lang-8.
ctually I want to comunicate with foreign people by myself.
I have to keep sududying English!
careere as a drummer.
parctice every day in order to be a good musician.
I don't play like I used to, but I alwyas
In the summer I, as well as many American and Russian teenagers carned some money.
Osaka (in Japan) was cilly yesterday.
But my old coweker said, ``Today is hot.``
Intercltural com.
Every Tuesday, I join a class called 'intercltural Communication.'
I went a restaurunt with my friends forbreakfast.
So, we decided to go to a restaurunt to eat breakfast.
We arrived at the restaurunt after few minutes.
Whan I was 12 years old, I started to like him.
I want to be Ecxellent at English.
The wierd [] atmosphere {?} of the lab
one in I wich I can find a [] clearer answer in the future study
said the speaker, ``what is it that makes you prefessional proud to be a forester?``
and, through [] good management, [] each tree in this forestr will cost only
I studied about hundreds of words and some basic grammers today.
At that time, I was 17 yearls old, not too young.
Now I want to visite once again.
This is a traditional/ historical Japanese spa and the dress code is to wear a Yukata, which is rentaled by the spa.
It's important that peopel know the truth, about other peoples feelings, and trying to understand it.
I want to buy a redrigerator.
I also love lerning about differences in culture between my country and other countries.
But stil, I can't believe this situation.
my hasband has gone
Yesterday my hasband went back to Tokyo.
We give thanks to all labors.
I live in Shanxi province, which is locat in northweast China.
There was a big eruption column and sulfur dieoxide at the volcano.
Love sometimes meeans bearing and understanding each other.
Colin Firth's films make me forget about the fear of the erthquake.
But I like his moveis like Bridget Jones's Diary and Love acutually.
And suddenly I wnated to see Colin's previous films.
So I borrowed 'A single man' from a DVD lental shop.
It was shoking to me.
In the film, the use of colors are very beatiful.
I love the scene that Geoege changes his sight at the end, even if it's not for eternity.
I really looked foword to seeing it again.
Because that day there was an erthquake
But many peope are still missing.
When I saw A single man, I thought it was just ficusion.
There are still a lot of aftershocks, tunami, 20000 people missing and a fear of radioactivity...
This time my impression of the film was totally diffirent from the first time I watched it.
This time, I didn't feel shympacy.
I didn't want to live in tha panic and nightmare any more.
I had to look at his desapair objectively.
Because now it's not ficusion.
It became an unforgetabble film for me.
And I will also remember now I see tha world very beautiful like him.
I used to study the pafoeming arts in (my) university.
I'd like to learn bestiful English
It takes around 30 minits by train from Nagoya station.
INUYAMA CATSLE>
Nobunaga Oda was one of the most famous warriers in Japan.
Both warriers are also very famous in Japan.
We can see 13 floats which mounts pappet at Inuyama Matsuri.
The floats are important national proparties.
The pappets on the floats are called Karakuri Ningyo
They is similar to Marionets.
The difference between Karakuri Ningyo and Marionets is
I am a student and want to learn ingles.
I enjoyed talkiing.
The price of poteto chips has increased little by little.
I'm studing English TOEIC Test which will be held in the end of this month.
My weakness is Reading, especially Part-5 (grammer) and Part-7 (long sentence).
unwanted pregnance and spread disease.
However, today follwed the same routine.
Actually, I have been working part-time fot it.
When we almost finised our meal, I asked him if I could touch his hands.
This is how I broke my new year's resoutioin wihtin a week.
Too slepy to write
Yes, I took many picturs but now I can `t do anymore.
but I have witten about this medicine before.
Today's topic is comparatively easy to write about so it took me 37 minutes to compelete.
The aftershock has faded out but another ploblem is coming.
This plant sends electric power to large areas icluding Tokyo everyday.
Because of this, Tokyo electric company and the gaverment desided to share the power to not blackout all of the areas suddenly.
Actually, it's not very hard to listen to English which dubbers or acters speak because they are professionals who speak English, so their English is very clear.
However, Canadian people, excluding dubbers or acters, speak English in a casual manner, so their English is very fast, ambiguous, and changes sounds. For example, ``What are you talking about??`` sounds like ``Whada ya talkin bou??``.
Ashita ha ichi nichi juu, koko ni ha narimasen.
Watashi ha Scout no atsumari ga aru masu.
It came out a few months ago, and it's based on a ture story.
The story is about a bride who has only a year to live because of brest cancer.
So I don't know the whole story but there was a phrase that the bride said during the moive.
That pharse just shocked me for some reason.
So I thought I should be more thankful to be alive even though there are so many things that upset and frasturates me.
But still, there are a lot more chances to make my life more meaningful and enjyable on my own.
Recently, I wonder how learners are able to aquire listening skills in English.
The foundation conceals my scrach completely.
I watched animetion during break time.
In the animetion, many-characters have same eyes.
A report which would take less than two minutes would take me more than 45 munites to finish.
listening to the standard VOA will be a peice of cake.
Lately, I've come across a lot of articles and videos concerning harmful ingredients in shampoos, saops and other scin care products (such as parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate and many more).
My resisitance to using English has decreased than yesterday.
He had a skelton body, so I thought he was god of death!
Harry Potter and The Order of The Fenix is the fifth instalment based on a fantasy-adventure, same titled book by J.
Acting is resonably powerful, but it may get better in subsequent instalments.
Even thouhg now I try to read as many kinds of articles as I can, I should try more.
This is my farst diary on this site
Today, I was bored because I didn't have anything to do and felt strangley dull all day to study something, so I wasted my time today.
Hello, my wonderful friend, it's a bit cold arond Bangkok again today.
Happy Haloween costume contest!!!
Our private English School held the Party near public holl.
One of them became KAIBUTU-KUN, which is japanese anime caracter witten by FUZIKO-FUGIO
He put on yellow shirts and red and blue hat and chech pants.
I was interesting and amazing/ amesing!!
I like to enjoy it and imagine that I'm the licky girl who is loved by the handsome boy Oh, reading comic books is the best thing in the world.
this shop is a chinese noogle store.
I think they fit in the atomosphere of anime well.
Joe is a handsome boy, living in New York, who loves Japan and really watnts to get marryied to a Japanese girl.
But now Jpan is in its rainy season.
By the way, I'm going to Bali island this fryday.
I hope that when comany begins to recruit new members, he can tell me about the job opportunity.
I am a computer programmer who uses Java language to develop programs. I mainly make websites. These days we are relatively free, becuase the project are almost complete. So I use my free time to learn English especially comprehension.
First, I draw an outline of a face then the eyes (the eyes are my faborite part).
After I finish my works, I'm surpried at the time that I have spent drawing.
I was very surpeised that her Japanese skills have improved tremendously.
Because they are scared of misstakes.
The biggest difference and perhaps most interesting new feature is called ``focusing attack`` This is the new system used in stereet fither IV and is awsome.
It is just a simple way to attack but can charge and depending on how much you charge, you can break the oppornent's guard and make them vulnerable for several seconds.
So it gives you big chance to reverse the situation by giveing them with massive combos!!
Theseday days, it is VERY clear and fine.
He was intervired in English, his English was good!
Its good for my English studies, and we talked a lot about ourselve to each other.
I particularly like Michael Jackson and Luther vandorrs.
But thier songs are very difficault to sing.
It's soooooooo cold too!!> <so the streets are very sonw.
I want to improve my eglish.....
Yesterday (February 3rd) is ``Setubun`` in Japan.
Setubun is Japanese traditional culture.
-Oniwa soto Fukuwa uti.-
During the 7 hours journy, I felt lonly, when we arrived at wanjiang station, it was nearly 8pm.
I think that it is difficult to commnicate with someone in english.
Today, I went to studiam called Saitama Stadium 2002 and watch some soccer game.
This game was very inqredible and it was very amazing.
Because, they are passing very fast and thier driibleing skills are so great.
Last, I saw Thailand vs Saga and it was 0-0 so it turn to PK (penarity kick) and Thailand won.
Today, was realy hot but, I am proud that I could watch the game.
I don't konw why I got up at this time.
I think the answer is VANIT.
Today my freinds and I went to the forest.
I have had a stomachach since 2 weeks ago.
Thay did some tricks. (?)
The Skateboad hit my leg.
My favorite phraze
What is your favorite phraze or words?
It is the latest mogel.
Technology is wonderfu!
The first time I took a niddle in hand was when a was seven years old.
Now I can sew almost everything except men's coats, becouse I haven't even tried to do that yet.
In the first foto there is a denim jacket that I made for my husband.
In the second foto there is a handbag that I made for my mother.
I have been member of Lang-8 since the beggining of May.
Honestly, I haven `t tought that the corrections would be useful for my study.
Depending on the topc, I often consult dictionaries.
My voice was hoarse all day long, and our costmers couldn't hear my voice.
I went out on business this afternoon to deliver some tickets to our costmer.
which is made of wheat flour and contains some vegitable, cheese, beef, pork, egg, and so on.
Congraduration me!!
My previous PC was soaked by water, resulting with some (* unresponsing) keys.
I'm very soory I had a cold.
The inportance of English
toefl ibt writing begineer's essay
(guestion)
Use specific reasons and exaples to support your answear.
(my opinion) please cheak.
So I had no ploblem communicating.
I'd like to recomend going to Korea.
Untill now, I have watched this movie three times.
Even though a Product is of good quality, it is nessary for it to beadvertised.
I have a habbit that observing (watching) advertisements which introduce the function of the product and how to use it.
I remember that my tellphone was broken, a few days ago.
The saleman introduced me to a lot of brands, but I was puzzled about the brands.
So I think it is nessary to advertise.
But, I've suddenly falln to the bottom...
Pushups on th toes for 30 repeats
because I lik foreign musicians, so I want to understand what they
Also, English skills are necesarry to communicate in the world.
It's important in bussiness and other things.
I'm lolking foreward to learning it.
My favorite wretler uses Spanish.
I often use this tool, but I also use the ordinally text editor.
We like ``The very hungry caterpillar``, writen by Eric Carle.
Now I am studing in Saint-Petersburg.
At first it was difficul to live in a big city for me.
I am studing in Pedagogical colledge.
Twenty years ago, the Japaese volleyball team was very weak.
I hope my favorite sport, valleyball will be loved by every Japanese again.
It is Especialy so for lunch time menus.
Mitsubo (Pig-Yakirori) is cheap and traditional.
Kuri (Japanese Sake Bar) is small and exellent.
Last week, I had the flu and a fevor for 4 days.
And I think I'm going to study abroad during spring vacation (Febrary or March).
Some say he was an actor sponsered by a samurai and that he was painting as a part-time job!
I should be more carefull when I choose meat!
As people say-a new stard is the beginning of success
The new year is comming.
Taiwanese people are always open to people from all over the world, so travelers can feel the Taiwanese eenthusiasm very much.
I don't remember what made me decide in the end; why I choose engineeringor what I was thiking about.
Hally Potter!!
Last Friday I went to watch Hally Potter, a new movie, with my mother in the theater.
So, Hally Potter was very interesting!!
Although I watch the Hally Potter movies, I have never read the books.
Do you thihk I should try to read the books?
Next, we had a lunch at an organic resutorant.
I can curl my haie well, but when I first tried it my hair was hilarious.
which, if sudents who attend it at last pass it, will get them the highest scholarship of our college, but they must be in the meeting room at 8am.
also got pletty of practice in society.
I rememeber t I was disappointed with my host father in England when I heard this question.
I realy felt no one in the world cared about my country at that time.
I really loved th photo where you wore your hair in a bun/ ponytail.
After that, I developped the system using mobile phones.
I am a little sensative
Therea are a variety of sad and lonely characters mind.
Nothing too special, but I'm tryng write in English about my life!
It's my first time doing this kind of job, so I'm really nervouse about it.
I'm afriend my customers won't understand my explanations or introductions.
The first sentence is quite akward to me because there are no such forms in my lanauge.
Holle, everyone.
But this was beacuse I was a student. I learned English for school exams.
Beacuse I was not learning English for myself, I have bad skills in English.
I think that Englis is a tool. I can use it to search for much information that I want.
I like cherry Cherryblossom.
They look like other kinds of tree except in spering.
This party is sponsored by the English conversation shcool that I go to.
About 70 people including twenty foreigher will take part in the party,
But I'm not used to talking with foreiners, and also my English is poor.
I'm looking forward to the party, but I have a little uneasiness about if I can communicate with foreiners well.
I hope to make friends with foreigher in the party.
I wish I could abondon this work and go to the sea right now.:(
This proposal is quite controvercial.
People against the law went on stiked.
This is because the number of elderly people is much bigger than yanger people.
I thought it was ture.
This is the grilled pork with spicy sauce and garlic and kimchi (korean picle) and lettuce.
Finally I returned home at 10: 00pm, and I had an egg and ticken on rice for dinner.
Ths virus will hijack your personal data, which is stored in your Iphone, if you open the text message.
I beleive one thing: exchanges can be implemented in only a situation where both things exchanged have the same value
At that time, I couldn't explain my oppinion well so...
Your relathionship with someone will continue as long as you notice it.
Perhaps some want to ask me why I worried about my relationship with my girlfriend as I wrote several days ago here even though I beleive this.
But it's been chageable these days, which makes me uncomfortable...
I must confess that I am gay, and I keep this a secret, because I do not wanna show my pravite life to any body.
I can say nothing, because it's theie lives, and none of my business.
And I hope they have the same feeling towards me: ``don't borther me anymore!``
The first time I found English to be very interesting was when I had the chance to chat wiht a foreigner.
There are correct sentense which are not generally. used so I hesitate to correct.
There are incorrect sentense whose original meaning I can't understand.
I paid money for my English lesson, so I'd like to take a lesson with puncturallly teacher.
It was very beutiful and fantastic.
Today I went to the travelling health center. becouse it is required at school.
As I said above in the title, I fianlly got a job =) But the surprise is I am not going to work in Korea, I am leaving for Vietnam next month to work there.
Today, I was sent to the hospital by ambalance.
According to my doctor's report, it was because of tirement.
We need to have a big smile everyday, and enjor our life.
Nonetheless, after the Muji Revolution (Restoration), Japan grew as one of the developed countries in the world and reigned over Asia while China maintained her close door policy and remained an undeveloped agricultural country.
From the Japanese perspective, the Japanese wish to reclaim their glamor (glory) in the Muji Era when Japan was the king of Asia.
The landlord 'son is very close to us bcos we are the same age.
We had to do something in the room, so we staied in our room for 1 hour.
His advice makes me remember various things: consideration, cooperation, frendship and dreams.
My boyfriend lives alone near univesity.
They are athors of several book, such as ``Body Language-How to read others' thoughts by their gestures ``.
I'm climbing the mountine becasue [/ BLUE] the mountine is there...
I don't know why I go there. Well, there is one reason to climb up to the sumit..
Then, Today I went to mountaine in order to recharge my will and clear my head.
I am not sure if it is a good idea to start by remerbering words.
I cant belive that till now.
Yesterday, I went shopping Harajuku (Tokyo).
Today is Coming-Of-Age-Day which honors young peple who have reached the age of 20 and become new menbers of society.
This day, for meny peple, is a public holiday in Japan.
On Friday night, I go out drinking with my friends or change my gel-jelnails or watch a DVD at home, etc..
One is about phychology.
I have nothing to doin my native sity so I'm trying to learn Italian and Japaneese.
what I wish most of all is starbucks coffe..
Tere is a big festival in my home town now.
There was a very strang smell that it was impossible to breathe.
I had prepared for a whole week and I failed my test due to my headache, nervesniss and awfull mood!
At the 2006 GP final right before the Trino Olympics, she was able to perform triple axel jumps perfectly and won the gold medal, which catapulted her into the limelight.
I like JoJo very much because the chracters are very positive.
Both villains are very vigor about realising their own desires.
The Auther of JoJo said that JOJo was a song of praise to live by.
Anyway, I'm going to go to the dentist near my house tommorrow.
Next moring, I headed by bus to Weed, where the college is located
I was amused that the scinary was so beautiful. or; it's similar to the movie ``River Run Though It``.
Weed is much smaller villeage than I expected
Berkly, I luckly gotaccepted toU.
That facisnated me so much thatafter that class I spent as much time as possible in lab programming in java. (Of course, my GPA is getting lower than before though)
At 10: 00am, I showed the productions schedule to our customer by e-mail as usual, but the spcial thing was---I invited my PMC to join in my e-mail. I thought if they also got the schedule maybe they could help me to push the produtions. On the other hand, my customer could see we were trying very hard for the new project.
Can Manga tell us about diffelent cultures?
I think Manga can tell us about diffelent cultures.
I want to imorove my English.
It's made so we can enjoy various PC media punctions and powerful performances.
It's japanese a taraditional wear.
Hello everyboday,
I would be pleased if someone correced my bad sentenses.
I'll introduse myself a little.
The roses are blooming in my garaden now.
Isn't she pritty?
We, who live in the northern areas, have been waitinng for spring with excitement.
That is kind of difficult problem for all humanbeing.
pleople tend to use the QQ in China, not MSN.
They are suppouse to have many tests and hand in papers.
I see thoes students, studying so sericousely (during thier class).
And also I know that JLP teachers spent so much time for prepearing for this summer course.
Do you believ that?
I've never wirte my journal in English, so now I'm thinking a lot about how to write it using the right words.
Because of this situation, I swared to learn English as well as my roommate.
Now I'm living in Taiwn, speaking in Chinese.
It's a importent test for me.
I want to stude English or another language, so please help me. haha ^ ^
Acording to my memory, I might heve wrote one (1 entry) about 3 weeks ago?
I met my friends from my high school class, went cmaping, experienced heart-break (s)...
I don't know the case of forein countries, in Japan many high school and university students tend to start their first part-time job in it.
It was dengerous!
I ate breakfast swiftly, and then I went to my granpa in his room and we both watched the game.
Brazil is known for soccer, but when it comes to medals and hability, we're better in volleyball.
The other two are alreary known, and they are also great!
, Fortunatelly, Brazil won the game:D Even though I'm always criticizing my country (I 'M NOT GOING TO SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THE FIREMEN' PROTEST THAT HAPPENNED TODAY...), I feel very proud of our voleyball time, and during these games, I felt like a patriot momentarily!
The reasn why I decided to enter this comunity is that I want to go the USA or the UK.
In other words, they can controll our preferences about fashion, music, or so on.
By using commercial films effectively, some campanies have succeeded in selling their products and making large profits.
Television and movies have influenced so much that they subtract peopl's character from them, making everyone homogenized (the same).
When it somes to the arts, it is necessary to foster and utilize our creativity.
We did karaoke, played games, and drank alchoal.
It was strange becouse it was an unfamiliar sight to me.
Recentry I'm taking english lessons.
Unsoled food is disposed of.
I studied abroad in Brisben, Australia for a mounth,
Please hele me EVERYBODY!!
I was reading about the continuouse tense.
I will read about English grammar all day. However I don't know exactly if I should read Thai books or English books to understand English quitely but I feel I learn slowly when I read thai books. I am really slow to understand English but I must do because I would like to test well at IFAL. I will read both types of book.
On the (/ that) day, girls give sweets or gifts to not only their boyfriend but also their male frinends and family.
It costs two hundred yen (approximately 2. 2 dollars) for a 200 milliliters.
Even if your comprehension in Japanese is 10%, you can improve it as long as you retain what you read and keep on execising.
Some people do yoga, skatebording, tanning and so on.
I hate some kinds of bugs, cockroaches in paticular!!
Hai.
I am a senior student! I want to impove my English studies! How about helping me? I hope we can get along well with each other!
Recently, the increasing number of students ignore studying Chinese, but they spend a lot of time on studying English or other forgine languages.
Analyse the cause of students who overlook studying Chinese, there are a few reasons why: firstly, with the fast develop of China, more and more companies have an internation trade.
Therefore, the people who are good at English is ver essential.
UK, Italy, and France were for high school trips and I went NZ to studing English for about 4 weeks.
Last weekend, I went to Hualien with my family-father, Monther, my husband, and my son.
Maybe we will go to Farglory Ocean Park agian, when my son grows up.
Maybe it's just me, sometimes I ask myself, am I really that bad? Perhaps. But I keep correctting it. These years, I've tried my best to beocome a nice man. I've done so many things that I never thought before. Like I suddenly turned into another people. But I know, no matter how hard I've been working you still don't belong to me. You are so smart and too beautiful for me.
Speaking another language changes your calactor!?
I wish he will be happy everday and gets a good mark on his finnal exam, and has a positive attitude in his life, has a healthy body forever, has a satisfying job in the future, and also has a nice mood everday.
I could y immediatery recived some helpful answers from kind people!
A large number of people are surrering from the damage of the tremendous earthquake,
especially the Tunami and problems with nuclear facilities.
I hope all of the peole live happily like they used to as soon as possible!!
I have KOTATSU in my starage.
I'm really greatful for this.
I'm greatful to get paid for doing something I love.
Last week, I met my high school friend who is working at a Public coperation related with promoting Korea culture.
To be honest, I don't know how to discribe my present feeling.
I must improve my English well befor the Asian Games begin.
My fater's unique hobby.
My fater has unique hobby.
still working to reach his dream in a diffrent way.
Of course, I record these animation by SONY's HDD& Blu-Ray deak.
I am sure that my wishes are going to come ture.
The first time I found this webside I was so happy because my English is really bad and I need to improve it.
I'm so afrait that I will do badly again.
I hope joining this webside will help me.
Indian traditional music at a Japanese tempele on (a) Sunday afternoon..
People are unaffected by politics now, so the prime minister aplogized to the nation.
Changing the leader in the short tearm is bad for the nation.
If I was a Singaporen, I would definitely go to vote everytime.
I went to some foreigh countries when I was a high school student.
I intended to learn mathematics, so I spent a lot of time doing mathematics and I sleept very late yesterday.
Now I need to have friends who want to study chiness with me tostudy language together.
these sentenses might have many mistakes, but never mind!
I hope I grow up to be a good English speeker.
You know, we have a rainy season that is called ``Tuyu`` in Japan.
Yammy.
Fortunatelly the porter was a nice women, so she allowed me the step inside the building without my card.
I went to Voncouver for 2 days.
Hello, my friends. I am balck.
if you want to know more about the Chinses culture,
Maybe I'll spend GW wathcing these videos!
Many toursits came to drink them.
I drank alchol too much, but only today.
It is my one of favorite songs.
I knew the song was coverd, but I don't know who's song it was originaly.
Because I couldnn't understand what was written at all.
It is usually written in archaisn Japanese and mordern Japanese.
Archaisn Japanese sounds poetic, so I like it.
In Japan we cereburate Hinamatsuri for girls on the March 3rd every year.
I can listen to great music biside the beautiful mountain.
I hope you can correct my writing and everything. I'd really like to learn how to write profesionally, I mean with nice words = P
As a matter of fact, wtiting a diary entry takes less time.
We sent a card to congratulate them to the charch
My nose gets stuffed up, and my allergr medicine makes me drowsy.
The differense between Japanese& Canadian culture I have found
Today after school I went sightseeing with my friend. We went to Backingham palace, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square and so on.
When we went to InTrafalgar Squre, I found a statue of a lion.
Today the temperature is so high, it feels very hot in the doormitory.
Yesterday was the last day of my Mailitray service. It was a very happy end for a long hard years work. I have passed through many rough situation.
korian town in shin-okubo
I worked at my college then had an intervew.
I didn't do well on the intervew, though I wasn't surprised.
I'll just wait until everyone fisnishes finals.
After bodyboarding, I stopped by the convenient store. I bought the grilled chiken and a cream puff.
I think I will continue working here for this month and then I will look for nother job.
The 1st word is 'I' whenever I speak English or I write a dialy in English.
Im went to hot yoga class yesterday.
I had a muscle ach..
A tidal wave is a set of waves that rise suddely and go back suddely.
This is my first dialy in English.
When I looked through the diaries written in Japanese by foreign people, I'm surprised that so many people can write Japanese with Chenese characters.
Therefore, I tried to write the first dialy today!
What is the best way to hundle conflicts?
Cultural differnces often cause confrontations.
Even in a classroom at school, thiere are some cliques.
When we are in a conflict, we tend to reagard our own opinion as the right one.
Winter sporting goods shops are especiallypopular now because the Bancover Olympic just started.
As my husband is a snowborder, he wouldn't have stopped buying snowboard goodsif hehad beenthere.
Which dou you think is a better source for information: the internet or newspapers?
Therefore, I believe that the internet is a more essencial tool for the sourcing of information.
During the Mid-Autumn festival, I went to the western part of Sicuan provience.
Mountain raods are diffcult (to ascend on foot.)
Recentry I failed to pass the entrance exam of Tokyo university, so now I don't have anything I want to do.
Howerer, the teachers in the new oriental school feel more comfortable to talk with students like a friend, and some of them even act as matchmakers between students.
Marysvill, a former gold-rush town, was almost completely wiped-out, and witnesses said the fire spread quickly, engulfing one house after another.
Hey, evryone!
my memory of my childfood
I broke the window in the classroom when a few of my friends and I were playing with a soccor ball, sprinke classmates with water from a hose
It is that some of my friends and I had benn hard on him for few years.
Tasmaniasalmon salmon is very tasty OR delicious.
And I had 8 pages of a paper due on Satureday, so I could not sleep on Friday night also.
A unversity life has started and I'm enjoying it.
There is a coincidence, I just watched a TV show about the multiingual policy in EU, and I found one of the professors from my university back then in the show explaining the current situation of languages in EU, 20 official launguages and many other minor ones such as Catalan and Basque, and also the big influence of English.
I'm subsicribing to the Nikkei shimbun.
So I beleve the language barrier is to be overcome soon, and what is important is not (one's) nationality, but what he or she can do for Japan.
When I feel pretty bad, I get sick on the train easily, so I decided to be abesent from the university today.
My husban has been living away from me and my first daughter for his work.
Yesterday I cheked metal structure radiated He ions with TEM which is an electron microscopic name that can show nm size.
In north of Japan, Hokkaido became cool recentry, so I didn't want to sutdy until late.
I only had one interview till now, but fortunely I got the job offer.
Actually, I've tought of how to study English these days.
As I was listening to them on itunes, I looked for the jacket and the booklet that should have been somewher on my shelf, but couldn't find them.
I haven't been studing English for long.
Of course, when I have the time and if they want to have a conversation, I try to practice my English. That oppotunity is really rare because the people who want to converse usually want to talk in Japanese.
I sould do what l really want to do.
I took part in the orientatation of the English class.
I took part in the orientatation of the English class just 45mins ago.
So I was asked some questions in Enlgiswh from an American Teacher.
I am studing English..
To make most Korean sauses or Kimchi takes a lot of time.
I heard Austraila doesn't have winter.
Korean people consider that courtesy is ver important.
But it also puzzles my granpa;) So he came in her appartment with a beutiful bunch of flowers.
She wanted to put the flowers in a vase with water when she noticed that in this bouqet of 8 flowers...
I'll write an artile a week!
And the paid tax is used to protect the enbiroment by a municipal office.
no dammege during World War II.
My breakfirst these days is:
dishonest, disappinted...
Today I went to lunch with my boyfried. He only told me my mistakes, what I did, and at last he said to me,
just lagughing with small talk or thinking deeply
Hello, ledies and gentlemen!
This feeling is not consistent with the volunteer spilit.
If I can control my emothion, I will be released from my pain.
Must you ensure that you live in a real world even if the real one is much harder than the illustive one.
Doraemon tells Nobita that every child whose IQ is below the stardard level is fed with nutrient liquid and lives in a modeled world.
Her only friend is her pet: a rooster her father found beside the hignway.
But fortunately, he has a nice neignbor, Ivy.
Max aslo has a pet fish, Henry.
He likes catching fliies as fish food.
They just like two parallels and never think of that they could come accross each other one day.
After being through the most misable days in their lives, they could finally let it go.
Diet fuilure!
I hear that dieting seems to be a fuilure for people who don't really exercize.
I can get good results because I like to exercize and do martial arts training.
I think martial arts is a good diet exercize because it makes you sweat all at onece.
Weight training is a good diet exercize too but I get bored with weight tarining right away.
The photo in my profile was taken at Takadamatubara, which the tunami hit.
We can do anyting.
Old men and women played table tennise
They were very funny and cute eldery people.
I didn't practice to speaking the foriegn language much.
For, at first, I've decided to study for getting a gualification of bookkeeping.
All the members say ``I think it was a good chice to join this class and I'm very happy now.``
I think so too and I shold continue to use English in (my) daily life:)
I was upset and disspoint.
``Lottory!`` he said, and his answered dissapointed me!!!
As soon as we arrived, he bought ``LOTTORY.``
I felt like a million doller!
I felt like jumpping for joy!
My computer has had a ploblem for three days.
It's conceivable that it will lead to an argument or even a fight if someone abruptly turns off the TV just because he or she is annoyed by the noise when other people are whatching the TV in an airport, for instance.
I'm very curious about cross-cultural defferences in sense of humor.
The othre example is the telephone system.
All evolution of technology has made our life better but at the same time we should realize we are gettting to be lazy and reducing our abiltity by using our invetion.
I want to be a human being itsself!!
Nihon e iku tochuu desu demo michi ni mayotta shimai mashita.
Shizuoka is safe and has a reluxing atmosphere.
So, I'm always waiting for you to come to Shizuoka to enjoy reluxing weekends!!
After his parents divorced, he stayed with his mother, but she remarried and redivorced again.
Some perfer to listen to a lecture by the professors.
The following, are the reasons for my perference:
However, with the development of discussion bring great humour to our esucation. Just a typo right?
A good example to illustrate this is that the ability of analyze will nurture through the discussions
If I can't get a job here, I'm going to Tailand to look for a job.
I used to go shopping at the home improvement stor called D2 which was damaged.
The sweet and the bitter of life made peopler more significance.
Let the unique girl with good lunky come back to her hometown.
According to the weather forecast, it would rain so I was uneasy because the heigher the location the lower the temperature became.
So, we desided to go to the Otaru aquarium instead because my daughter likes aquariums very much.
I am distressed by many things and I have nou vigor...:(
Finally he was unable to stand my behavior.
When I say I won, it's only a little bit of maney.
Threfore, I just get bored since they don't have enough time to chatt with me except one friend who is from Canada!!!
Now that I'm thinking what to do to spend time learning English productively asside from chatting with my friends through Skype.
If you think your my friend, just chatt with me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been having busy days evev though my big test is finished.
Hi, I just started Lnang-8.
Yesterday I arrived in NY, and I saw lots of words I've never seen, but I couldn't remenber what it did mean.
I took sleeping pills bacause I'm an insomniac, but still I could not sleep well. I tried ``Tart Cherry`` supplement lsat night, so I slept like a log this morning. ``Tart Cherry`` worked.
So if we make a list of qualities of a good neighbor, the list would bigin with these words: they don't ~, they are not ~.
The cup DID n't have a handle and it was slppery because of water.
In Japan's English class (several years ago), I was taught that the two sentense below had different meanings.
And the friend asked me why the sentense ``He has (never) gone to Japan.`` is incorrect to express the same meaning as 1.
thx ctenor and Sadhbh for thier corrections!!
It is unbeilivable.
I appereciated it.
And you make me interested to writting a diary.
The other day my close friend called me and said that they are going to have an appiontment today and also said they may go to the resturent.
I felt annoyed because they did not askd me to agree the date and after that when they had agreed the date they
However, it is not effective with those who have complicated work such as creating marketing plans, planning strategies, analyzing loan targets...
The view outside was really nice. blue sky, the wind was cooling, the air was fresh, and the leaves were golden. I like the gloden autumn as it uplifts my spirits.
I'm studying ibt to improve my English skill but it is very taugh for me, especially writing section!
Some quizes are required to use all skills, so I hghly reccomend students who wanna improve English skill to study ibt!
Recentry I've been watching foreign films.
I conducted a series of experimente with/ on concerete.
On the cloothes floor
As I entered tihs market, I felt like I was in a old factory, and it was really cool.
It was about the promotion of a certain cosumer good that debuts next fall.
So it's too early for celebaration.
(A nabe party is a paty where you eat from a Japanese style hot pot dish with everyone.)
It is a local specialties of Fukuoka.
It was a realy hot day today!
I thought I would see this movie with English subtitles since many people said that movies are useful to improve your listenning ability on the Net.
Although my openion resulted in a shallow thing, what do you think about the saying ``No man is an island``?
I sold a CD set of my bussiness teaching materials I used to listen to for 20000yen.
There were so many people, screming, and yelling.
How does it feel, hidding a secret?
I used to hear that some people tell too much about themsevles that their house ended up being robbed or their family members being kidnapped.
Whenever I visite another country, I enjoy a unique experience.
that was totally ridiculous and akward.
yep, definetely 11 more months, though.
I was suprised that its pronunciation is good.
So reasently, I haven't rested for the second day.
He always introduces many interesting music\ movie\ magzines to me.
Hello, my wunderful friends. I am at home right now,
and I have some thinga to do such as washing my clothes. I did not wash them for a while so now I need to work hard.
I was only writing something which happened to me, because I wasn't very inspirated to begin with;) Maybe I'll try to write the plan of my essay next time;) I hope my English isn't bad, I don't know if it's correct enough or not, because I really want to travel, I thought about a sabbatical year in US or UK;)
I said, ``I'd like to eat a epecial kind of food``.
unadonn (griled eel on the rice).
. That day was my birthday. So I deside to eat unadon as my birthday present.
(This is from the lirics of High School Musical)
Sometimes the symptons come up days after the infection is caught.
So how can I convine him to take leave?
I heard winter in Europe is kind of groomy, is that true?
This is my first jornal.
I notice sice I came here, English is really important.
I appreciate the beauty of language and pledge to myself that I will read my favorite foreignal literatures in their original languages.
My favorate quote is Russell's three passion of life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, the unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
Well, it's terrible to accept her love with much careness.
She put the fish in the water and boiled it, then gave it to me with a big smill.
For example ``The mad prime minister Asou Taro lead our economy more badly``, ``A yonger son killed his family with no reason. (I have never thought about it until I was 20.)``
She is theree years older than me.
She was a gril bron in a weatlhy family.
She said she found a good chinise restaurant a week ago.
The chinise restaurant is located in Ebisu.
I like thinking about how should I take pictures to make averybody interested.
Can you think about what's the difference bitween them and you.
But sometimes I forget to do so, so I think I should try to do something againg.
I hope this wabsite will help me with my English.
yeh my nephew has finished using the computer now.
I was really serpised at the last diary my friend corrected.
Gaye Club!
I went to a Chinese restrant in downtown with my friends.
Going to a gaye club is a new experience for me.
One of my freind recommended it to me but I was a little about trying it.
She said she was from Austlalia.
Cave Story, one of the most high-quality ``free`` PC games made iin Japan will be released on Wii-ware (it will take time though).
There were no awkward silences and we taked a lot.
I think my native city is beatifull, but there are, of course, some problems.
The Autor lives in Mexico now.
I liked that coutry.
I will go to Philipin to study English next summer for two months.
Before, I tought flea markets only sold used merchandise, but they don't.
Also, I played guiter in a band.
I fell in love with these shoes, so I desided to buy the shoes within 5 seconds.
I am looing forward to putting oh the shoes.
Bryse, a programer living in Illinois, is currently pretty much absorbed in studying Japanese.
On the top of that, the time lag always causes forienger to be confused, like when I'm speaking with an American friend.
And another reason for the friend's confusion is lack of vacabulary.
I want to improve foreign languanges.
However, I konw that it is unhealthy, so in order to be a healthy and lovely girl, I decided to eat more starting tomorrow.
I will receive reports on the rest of the chechup items in 2 weeks.
But I was not able to get myself into a better frame of mind I read books, listene to favorite music, and so on.
First of all, I want to improve my English espectially, speaking.
Although I can speak English more fluently than before, I make mistakes when I speak or say soem sentences.
Lastly, I wanted to make forigner friends.
I feel nerveous more and more.
I can go to oze whenever I want to becoase it is very near, but I had never thought to visit.
maby oze calls me ^ ^
they gave us a morning haze instead of sun rize.
and they gave us white sky instead of orenge sun set.
I feel confortable with oze's nice charm
I'm satisfied whith oze's nice charm
I ordered a foctory size spaghetti meal with rich meat sauce.
Unfotunetly, the day was rainy and chilly, but fortunetly I could visit many facilities in Oxford university.
It is the midle of March, but we had snow yesterday.
I have got a quesition: Do any of you who speak english or spanish like to chat with me in ICQ?
Konbawa.
Hoever, I cannot write as well as I read.
Today,_ Shingo presentated a report about English literature.
I am a cahere.
I have a televeVision, a bed, a desk, a refrigerator, a computer, some pens and some english book
Beacuse one of my classmates's major was art, she explained the details of the oil paintings to us.
His productions were affacted by his friends so he always drew the characteristics of female with small eyes and a long nose.
Thank you for readling.
Therefore, I'm afrind of the flu.
My class will be opening a food store for a shcool festival tomorrow.
Finelly I decided to visit my best friend in Minsk)
My family was 4 people along with my uncles familes, my aunt and my grandmother.
The Adults were talking about their lives while I was hanging out with my cosins in their room. My grandmother told us she wanted to go to Karaoke with the whole family.
My grandmother was very energitic and cheerful.
We went to the ``waterpia`` whice is a recreation park where we could enjoy heaps of pools.
We have seen the first half of the movie, but nothing interessting has happend so far.
Luckly, I got a ticket for a Green Day gig from my friend.
I suddendly stood up and to get out of the from train but it was not my destination, so I stopped myself.
Everyone was wacthing me probably.
New book: Howl's Moving catsle
The title of it is ``Howl's Moving catsle``.
I had no idea at all that there was the original story of the japanise animation 'Howl's Moving catsle' made by Miyazaki Hayao came from a book before I saw this.
I like the carater of Sophie.
The topic is my partner trying to sell a printer to me. I'm the custmer.
Ok, if you guys acted like a custmer, what questions would you ask?
Tree lieaves have turned red and yellow.
Now I can read simple texts and understand slow and simple speach.
But we must pay a bacic fee to use it.
We have a cellular phone, and pay a bacic fee for that too.
but sometimes, I'm impressived by that.
But I'm sooooooo sad because today was the last day of my summer vacation (ToT)/ ~ I'm supposed to get up at 7: 00 tommorow. It's imppossible!!
I wanted to wear a skiny jeans so I took a diet.
I had to stop losing weight, but I will keep on with excercise for my health.
I don't like to use dishwaser detergent while using a dishwasher.
What I do is first I soak the dirty dishes in warm water with some clenser for some time.
After that, I rinse and scrub them before I put them into the dishwaser.
Actually, computers isn't the frist selection of mine when I was invited into shaoguan university.
I have alreay failed CET-4 three times.
It was a very big ivent x-D
By the way, I watched a video that the actor Daniel Radcliffe appered in.
I am a university student studying lasguage.
English, French and Chainese.
Studying language is difficult for me but I wish to comunicate with foreigners
But today I don't feel like working out because today I got my gradge.
Since I won't be in Korea for years, I think that it is a good idea to spend time with family untill then.
Dool Festival
The Dool Festival!
Almost all of the house which have girls has 'japanese dools'.
We display dools on Mar. 3rd (Many houses display from Feburuary I think).
I prefer living in a domitory rather than living off campus.
Living in a domitory gives us many oppotunity to make a lot of friends.
Secondly, living in a domitory is much more convenient than living off campus.
Most domitories are located very close to classrooms.
Finarry, I will spend less money if I lived on campus.
As a domitory resident, I will not have to pay for gas, electorocity, or water, like an apartment resident does.
In addition, I will not have to pay for funiture such as desks or beds.
I will not need a car either, so I will not be concerned about insurance, gas or parking. Consequently, the dorm is the more economical choise for me and my parents who are paying for my education.
Her other lang-8 friend and my classmate camte after I met her.
Maids really exsists.
The maid will paint something with kichap.
Hopefuuly he will answer my email tommorow.
Last friday my colleague asked me if I wanted to go see a movie with her after work, since I was free that night I siad OK.
Since she rides a motocycle I thought she'd give me a ride.
It's not the first time she has asked me out after work and told me to meet her by taking the bus (and she rode a motocyle).
vi is a text editor which is widely used by systems engeneers.
Thus I can edit largeg texts and programs with a few key-strokes.
It is very conforatable for me, so I often type vi commands on non-vi editor:
I wotched a movie yesterday.
``Inseption``
we went to eat at a Japanese restaulant in sinjuku.
But, as you can see, my English is not enougt to enjoy English; for example by watching CNN and BBC news or listening to English music.
``Reborn``, ``Hetalia``, and ``Deactive Conan``.
Also, childrens 'crimes are not becaue of comics.
I'm stadying English, so I can go to university.
Talking about the scedule, I checked the schedule and realised I reached work far earlier than I thought.
That was why we swore not to use Japanese durling our time here.
They speak fruently in their own language but can't recognize mistakes in English.
At the beginning, a girl's shouting with very high pitch and tremoro is stimulating.
Futhurmore, he even assumed that I said something I've never said before, like ``Those you refer to as good high schoolers``.
Next Sunday, I'm going to participate in a marathone race which is 30km distance.
Hello, my name is Gbriella.
We met a lot of turists in the centre.
The whole time, he was asking everyone to suport him.
I've been introduced by another Japanese friend and already knew about him, but I had no time to meet him at that time; I just had his celler phone number.
But he wants to speak conversational Japanese fruently and he has plans to go to Japan.
For adults, natural disasterit represent/ mean loss.
In the film, President Mubarak doesnn't know anything about the conditions of the people.
This film seems to say that the president is a victim of his ministers and government that tell him that the country is doing well and everything is ok.
It wants us to believe that the president doesnn't know about the problems and obstacles that Egyptians encounter.
This cook blews the whistle on the corruption in Egypt and tell the president exactly what happens in the country.
It is hard to beleive that a president could be so naive.
You shouldn't be dissapointed just because your effort doesn't give you any fruit.
However, according to what I heard from my friedns who has it, the filter of the system becomes clogged once a month.
Some of them dream of the numbers and then buy Lotterty tickets.
Sometimes they beleaved ghosts can help them win the lottery. As for me, I don't like to play the lottery becasue I don't know how to do it.
Three months ago my ungle died. Many people bought lottery tickets using the numbers of my uncle's brithday and they won the lottery.
Recently I went to my friend's funeral. Before she was cremated we saw that her numbers were 14, 41 (we saw from the box that her body was in before they cremated her). Lots of my friends decided to buy lottery tickets but I did not because I beleaved that maybe I wouldn't have luck.
This morning my friend asked me if I bought lottery tickets or not. She said she won the loottery today and 3 of my other friends won the lottery too. They are going to get merit for my deceased friend to say thank you.
I will write much about that tiring trip on another dialy.
correecting each others 'sentences.
I watched the movie ``Inseption``.
He spoke with a Janapenes accent, but very fluentry.
I am looking foward to his next movie ``SHANGHI``
I'm sure that she will certainly achive her purpose.
When the car drove away, I whisperd very softly 'I wish you good luck'.
3-Draw a gren rectangle of the same size underneath the blue rectangle.
My favotite is looking at things.
I'm very tierd because I have to sutudy hard for tests.
I have already planned to go to NY during winter vacation and go shopping, so I have to save money defenitly.
I like when people arond me are tolerant.
I am still ashame of myself, when I remember it.
My mother often said that she had difficulity making me eat.
For example, the difference of ``clash``, ``krash``, and ``crush``.
But after I entered university, I don't study grammer.
Entrance examinations questioned me a lot about idioms and grammer.
As you know, my English grammer is often wrong.
It is a pleasure for me to eat my mother's cooking whennever I return (to) (my) home, so I was very much disappointed..
If you are reading my dialy, I would like to say 'Thanks' to you.
From now, I hope I will be able to continue writing my dialy.
Are there good ways to joing the conversation?
My first dialy in here lacks unity......
How appealing and-perhaps sandly-how untrue.
Italian: Weit. In my country, many people are doing... (2min)...
Japanese people are normally tought by teacher and parents:
From my point of view, this is why Japanede are so quiet in that they say almost nothing but smile while in a group in class.
In fuct, it's a bit tough for Japanese, while overseas, to find 'the end' of a person's talking.
Some stores start to close on the evening of Christams Eve.
And this time, I have to start living alone, no friends and coleegues.
I went to IKEA to buy chairs, because my realtor promise me to pay them on conditions to cotract my room.
I need speak more and more English because of my Job resently
Recently, my fovorit singer is
All of the band members have already had expierience with other musical projects.
worked with many differet musical styles from Ska-punk to Hardcore.
electronical samples.
I'm afrai I can't pass the exam for university, so I want to study English well.
And do you add suger and milk to it?
So I want to laren English right now.
3 days ago, I heard he broked up with her!!!
This is because it will be usefull for me for when I start working in the future.
This is a small and a light weight watch with GPS and heart rate moniter.
There were some foriners.
So our goal of the day was difficult. We wanted to talk with some foriners to study English.
In the first store, there weren't any foriners, and then we moved to another pub.
In the Secound one we met one person, and spoke to him..
It was so eciting.
Everything has two faces, living in the school also has diadvantages.
Such as the pocession problem.
The Differenct living habits of the students are also a big problrm.
But I do nou know what to do.
plaese send me a message.
I enjoied the view from the window of the taxi that we took to get to the city center.
The hotel that we staied at is near the KL Sentral station (It is a central train station).
We looked forward to taste some dericious Malaysian cuisine.
So I have to look up the words in the dicshonary many times.
I hope I can finish this book before next Staturday.
This means I have to readabout 100 pages a day because I justy started it today.
Even btter, I could designate a cup for a specific purpose and use it only for that purpose.
It made me desperated.
So I want to improve my speaking skills by training from you, Stephany:) and also by excersicing hard.
Let me know if you know the names of the American competent authorities in the airport and their email adress.
I felt very full and my bery seems so big.
Todawy was the third day of my internship; the second one was similar to the first one, which was pretty boring and very useless. Although, I could use a computer to read manuals in English, and a couple in Spanish.
I stayed in Canada for a year as a working hoiliday student.
I feel enphoria.
I think that family is the most permanent and best of freind.
So I'm going to leave at 6: 30 PM and tell my mothre ``I don't need dinner tonight and I might come home late.``.
I asked eneryone ``Would you communicate with me on Skype?
Frist Diary
Actually, I'm not sure wheather we could beat them, since our team members are not our best.
Now, I'm in the corpolate planning department.
I wore a skirt, so everyone said that I am crezy!!!
Fuckin 'rich and intelligent people and the finanial crisis; we need a red revolution around the world.
I'm looking foward to seeing Mont-Saint-chel.
My younger son respects his father at least because he isn't scared of cockroaces.
And my mother tongue is Japanese, so I will be willing to correct many sentenses wrote in Japanese.
and I want to go Erope for summer vacation.
My familly consists of my father, mother, sister and a cat named Hiro.
By the way, in Kxoto it's 2 degrees, so it is really cold.
Do you know Family conputer?
Family computer (it is called Nintendo Entertainment System ablode) is a video game console.
Resently, games are high spec and very complex.
The semina was critical for me, so I took many notes about the meeting content and clipped them in my documents.
Besides, I also recieve serveral intivations of commercial cooperation which may enrich business chances of our company.
It is hard for me to say and writting what I think immediately.
It seems like it's in thered this month so I need to be tight the monthy expense next month.
We'll go to unexpensive restaurants.
On March the 7th, we left Osaka early in the mornning.
In Ishikawa, we did some sighitseeing, and took a spa.. (Japanese bath)
We talked about anything and everything untill the next mornning, and then took a spa again.
, I also cannot forget those friday nights when we used to drink many alchole and chat to each other.
When I master bookkeeping, I will be able to judge the financila status of many companies.
I worry about wheather I can snowboard better than I have,
Computers are also used in businesses to place and cancle orders.
However, I sometmes forget such ideas until I finish taking shower.
Solly about the short dially.
In Japanese cluture, it's called OBON.
Because there is noone in semetaries.
Removing sopts in my face
This pain was like a hot niddle pricked into my skin.
After the operation had been done, I could see traces of burnt spots throught the mirror.
Nowadays, it is common to see people walking while texting or yaking on their cell phone without being aware of what's going on around them.
This scene can be found anywhere from on the street to on buses as long as the palces are whitin the coverage area.
when we rushed to public telepone and make phone calls using telephone cards.
I learned this from betry, from pain
anyhow, time never stops for man, although the world is not good engough, but life goes on, so we have to move on
They energeticly gave their resumes to the companies where they wanted to work in the future.
I registed immediately when I knew about this, however, I had a midterm
which made me really really buzy last weak, so I have to wait till this week to post my first diary here.
I have to take TOFEL on 9th, May, and now I feel overwhelmed,
The first and the second photos are of a used kimono fair held at a depertment store in Osaka.
Good kimono have clear patterns without any scrach.
(I don't know wheater the pattern is any good.)
So I'm afraid if you are American or Europian, it might be too small for you.
Today, for the second time in all the years I've known her, as I was bending down to pet her, at firt she did let me pet her then she jumped onto my lap and climbed up to my shoulder where she stayed for quite some time, her hind feet on the right, her front feet on the left and rubbing her chin on my left shoulder and letting me pet in turns. (I've never seen her doing that with any other person.)
Last year I went there with my mother and we were collekting a bunch of them for making jam.
Only this time I wasn't wearing my pullover anymore (I had taken it off on my way down), so I could feel her claws hook into my shoulder (outch).
to do poineering work, we worked hard for our dream, so we could grow into a useful and wonderful man.
In modern times, some people claim that we should learn secound languages without translating into our mother tongue and we can learn a language by connecting words together and by paraphrasing.
Hi, Nada is my avater name at Second Life.
I don't belive that...
I am worring about the (my) coridoras.
He is always full of enagy and a real hundful for me.
My tutor said ``Don't transrate``.
I think I can't transrate any language so I need to speak English in English.
My two sons playng ``KARATE``.
Recently, I collected pictures of my classmates 'smiles and put them toghether.
This picture will be part of our juniour yearbook.
The picture can be a keepsake for our juniur class.
In one year, we will all gratuate and go to different places.
This year, we will work for a better usage of the french language in writtings and we will try to discover other cultures by written correspondence with some class around the world.
We had a really heavy rain yaeterday.
I met my friends who are my clessmate and had met new friends who are from Saudi Arabia,
I've just dropped in McDoland's and
I love the walnut tart that is sold at ``Quil fait Bon``. ``Quil fait Bon`` is a patisserie speciallizing in tarts.
After our dinner, we went to a caffe.
3 months ago I learned English with my personal teacher, but now I am compelled to learn englih by myself.
Because my teacher is very bisy.
Byt verbs and times are my curse.
I want to tolk in English with people, who tolk in eglish every day.
I want to work for a foreign affiriated company.
And I achived it.
I noticed that I can concentrate in meetings in English only for 30 minuits.
30 minuits after the beginning of the meeting, my ears and brain get tired.
There is nothing in my mind, but it doesn't mean that I have no idea. But I need to take everday as my last day.
However, it is difficult to understand the strategy of chess because I'm accustumed to the rule of ``Shogi``.
I have had two turtoles for around 15 years:-) Their names are ``KA-`` and ``ME-``.
Then I could spend a very intresting time!!!!!
It was a los of homework......
Lang-8 is a very good web for learning langauge.
I found it in a magzine.
Recentry Lang-8 is not working smoothly.
It's a little embarassed to play it when there are a lot of people in the elevator hall.
There were atually.
I cooked rice balls, bild chicken and flyed (maybe fried) go-ya.
It's a little bit wierd to say good-bye to someone who I meet for the first time, but it sure is a good opportunity to meet new people!
and immidiately fell in love with the place.
I've worked in the International trade for almost 2 years, but in the new HR's eys, I'm still a newbie as I'm starting in a new place.
2 months have passed. No tasks, no assignment, and the formal training couses seems just a waste of both our time.
Acctually Ispecialized in business English and have former experience with daily use glassware.
There were many pils of DVDs.
Also I hope to comunicate with someone in English.
So let me intridue myself!
I love chatting with my friends, playing sports (I especially love badminton), and listening to musiic etc.
By the way, I took part in a internatinal party in Ginza, Japan the other day.
Of cource there were also lots of Japanese, who were all eager to make friends and practicing English, as well.
I prepere for going to school by listening to music every morning.
But I get the urge to buy onece in a while ^ ^.
I invited a Japanese freind to my place.
Of course, I can be a good Chnese teacher.
Today's shedule
It's very confortable for me.
Some people think there are many benifits to have machines or even robots deal with tasks.
If we can make the machines work for us, we'll be able to creat a completely new life style which is healthy and suitable for all the human beings.
We will try delicious foods in Hokkaido, such as chikens, Japanese crabs, shrimps, various vegetables and so on.
I'll look forwarad to it very much.
Electoric propulsion
My major is Aerospace Engineering. We study how airplanes fly and learn how to create poweful rocket engines etc..
Most of my colleagues in the laboratory are studying a plasma electoric propulsion system which has poor thrust (0. 01 ~ 1NS), however its efficiency is awesome!!, It's ten times more efficient than chemical ones, which are normally used in rockets, (The space shuttle being an example).
The kind of work that interests me the most is reseracher.
I am highly interested in study, espetially in human dynamics.
I will give her everything as well as my life and I think she will be the treature of my life.
Accordind to the news, only one domestic line and one international line have been put into servise.
I welcome the new airport which creates new buisiness chances, because I work at a travel agency.
When I made a woolon tea like I usually do, I noticed the diffrence in taste.
This time I'd like to speake about the club I belong to.
We invited some amature music groups.
I think that song and art is very woderful.
Thousands of residents from a part of Fukushima prefecture, which has had a serious problem with nuclear power plants in the March disaster, have been told to leave thier homes.
In adittion, my laundry won't dry because of the humidity.
Since I don't have many opptunities to speak English here in Japan, I think my speaking skills are getting worse.
I will be in Budapast in Hungary, between May 7th and 13th, to attend a conference.
There is no direct flight from Taiwan to Budapst, so we need to fly to Wien, (Vienna?), and then travel to Budpast either on another airline, or by bus or train.
BUT now the host family is a of some concer.
She told my daughter that she had a really hard time with the same host family because the host mother has been suffering menopuasal symptons and when she is really low, she yells at others and throws things.
My first name ``Satoshi`` means ``cleaver, smart and wize.``
Yesterday I rentaled ``hostil`` which some people recomended to me here.
Otherwise, It will be more difficuly to find a job.
In the USJ, there are many kind of Halloween decollations.
We all have beatifull penmanship.
The operability??? of jQuery is absolutely indespensable to screen operation and I use ajax??? as much as possible and.....
However, I can't talk to her face to cace, because I'm a very shy boy, so I will talk to her tommorow.
I registed to Lang-8 to improve my English.
Because you can't eat and you can't dring.
[WE ARE THA WORLD] and I lost my way (;;)
There is no dought that I turned right.
My homework... Corect please please please please please
Dinara Safina is one of our favourite Russian tennnis stars.
There is a big Catedral.
The Catedral often holds festivals.
Though it's small, it is very convinience.
Going from Toledo to Central Madrid only takes 30 minuites by train.
Billie Joe made some funs get up on stage and sing a song.
It was unexpectable!
What a beatiful day!
I drank a gluss of white wine.
It was very tasety, but it was too sweet for me.
So we had to go anothe restrant after that.
But sometimes when I listen to difficult English, for exmple CNN snd BBC and so forth, they use words I don't know, so I have to conjecture their spellings or meanings only by pronunciation or context.
Meanwhile, mutton is less popular than other meats, like a beef, pork and chikin
in Japn.
Greece, Iran, Spain, jorudan....
But there are not any Uighur resturantin in Tokyo.
It's hard to believe that I don't have to go to the academy antmore.
I downlode an application which allows me to play poker online.
These berad are very expensive!
I eat a lot of berad, but I'm on a diet!
A lot of Japanese food was sould on the street, such as Tenpra, udon, dango, kakigori (shaved ice with syrup on top).
Today's part time job was working as a delivery staff for a piza.
I deliveried to six families for only two hours.
In my apartment, one of the lamp bulbs on the celling burned out, so I changed them.
I belong to the third branch of Hratsuka volunteer fire fighting unit.
We quickly gathered in our office and went to the accient spot on fire engine.
The spot was the mini factry of Japanese sweets,
and the heat sencer responded to the steem from making sweets.
so it's very fun to comunicate with the people who have different backgrounds.
``Drinking together helps our teemwork grow.
Two month ago, Japane had a big earthquake.
I wasn't affected becouse the epicenter is far from my prefecture.
However, when I get paper money, I put it in 2 partitions. (Korea has a 4 kinds of paper moneis; w10000, w5000, w1000 and check)
I'm busy so I can't wirte in my diary......
byae bye.
I am listening to the Presidential Inaugural Adress on my podcast.
His speeach is very good!!
Syabu syabu is very populer japanese food.
Nabe is besitable, meat, fish and etc.
and, very dericiouce!
During the meeting, some profeccer and I discussed a way of teaching science.
A profeccer gave me a lot of advice.
When he finally left school, he travelled to New York, where he became a studed at drama school.
I am sure that although most of my painting friends on Facebook are just virtual friends right now, someday they will become my atcual friends!!!
It has been a really really reall long time since I last wrote my diary!
Actually I just dropped by after following up an introduction on jandan. net about this interesting place, [insert space] where people WITH DIFFRENT LANGUAGES AND CULTURAL BACKGROUDs can exchange their ideas and thoughts... Most importantly, it allows native language speakers to give suggestions on your blog, [insert space] mainly about how to write it in YOUR second language... [insert space] A pretty cool idea ~ ~
I am college sutudent and I belong to soccer club.
His ball technich is unbeliebable!!
The aloness that keeps out a chalming smlle.
Beyond my idear.
I really like that city because it is not only the first contry I've gone to overseas but it also has many tourist attractions.
Many lights were reflacted on the sea.
It opend on Saturday and Sunday.
Oh, I remeber a man who could paint a picture with spray.
However, it remains unclear how this affective bias affects the memory as the distractor.
Visitting a grave.
As we know, the smoke of a cigarette contains various kinds of harmful chemicals. Some of which have been proved to cause lung cancer, such as nicotin, amoniac, ethanol, carbon monoxide, acsennic, and naphthalen.
In fact, there are some cases a cigarette is the cause of a house burning down. A cigarette can cause serious consequense.
I readThe Economist, however, and itsaid thatJapan can't escape The lost decade because of indifference towards politcs on the part of people and politicians. I disagree with the statement.
Indeed, how to change our lifestyle is a crusial problem.
1) Clearfy state your purpose (why you want to be or do so) and prize.
Altough I drank a lot of wine with my friend for 6 hours last night, the result of exam was A.
Once the mark is caused, it is permenent.
Yesterday, I took part in an interwiew for the Beijing Western Sunshine Rural Development Foundation.
There are many university students going to there to hlep impreve the current situation.
Though I failed in this interwiew,
I finaly get 3 days off in a row here...
A five-year old girl was found by Russian police in the Far East terriortery in Russia.
So many people are suffuring from hunger and poverty in Russia these days.
The police brounght charges against her parents.
Finally, we dicided to buy a sofa!
Although I haven't got a lot of money, I buy a butiful clothes.
Even though I couldn't understand the woads well, I could enjoy the pictures and the sound and I roughly understood the story.
Spending time with my family, visiting my granma and going to a shrine to pray for a Happy New Year for all...
I'm very cold, but there are many air-airconditioner that are used all over the area.
Also, I have to attendent my class, but I've been getting up late, so I haven't been going there.
Please check my dialy!
Yesterday, I went to the New Internatinal Students Welcome Party at my univercity.
I l lerned how to find ecnomics datas.
It is a very interisting place for me to make many friends and communicate with many foreigners.
I'm so frustated.
Now it's pouring still harder like torning the bucket over
Please do me a fovor and tell me the meaning of this sentence: The men are in a snack.
My ankle was sprained in the afternoon when I played valleyball...
It's so shameful when I recall it now, because there were many students on the valleyball court...
Maybe I can't play valleyball for a few days...
So it dameges a lot and many people feel uncomfortable.
So I suggestio it to my 3 co-workers.
If you are avilable, please correct them.
Althouh I've lived in japan since I was born, I am now planning to study abroad in Canada this july.
I think that just only speaking Japanese is unworthly in a global world.
so I hope to contuct each other by using this useful site.
I felt as if I were moisted.
An intense tornado struck Jplin, Missouri in the US.
and elemantary school teacher.
I like traving all around world.
But unfortunally since we don't have that, my husband just grated onion for me while crying.
I recomend to you!
My dream come ture
filnally I really hope go along with them...
But, on refrection, the postage price is as large as the price of the clothes.
So, I regtet now.
Many friends recomment this drama to me before, but I didn't watch it because I was watching another drama, ``Lost``.
In our company, the phonomenon is found surely.
Thouse who are in their twenties don't like it more than those who are in their thirties, and the occattions to drink it seem to decrease.
When Joy entered Mcdonalds, Ji and Min alread sit.
I should have stadied more...
That was her first solo cocert and her first CD was released on the same day.
After that, I went home and practiced soccer and today, I practiced passing, trapping, driblling and geading (?).
The session is a drop-off class but it's a 20 minute drive from home, so I wated for her for 2 hours in the caffe nearby.
It made me feeking very busy and tired.
(My neighbor/ One of my neighbourgh) is attending an Italian course in the Italian Institute, and told us on Sunday that Giovanni will gave a interview talk about his books, and will play a few songs in the Institute on Tuesday evening as his debut in London.
I sutdy dentistry in hokkaido university.
My part time job is tennis instractor.
My First Writting
Although I have been learning English for a couple of years, my writting skill is still not good enough.
Frankly speaking, I do hope I can make some progress in writting.
The idea of helping people improve theree language skill by SNS, totally atract me.
My vacubulary is limited.
because the less people there are, the more you can have the oppotunity to speak English.
The teacher askmed us several questions.
However the financial crisis recalls the goast that Alan Greenspan exorcised in the late 80s.
May God help America, I can't stoip praying.
I can't speek English well
but the teathers are very good so I will certainly grow.
Yesterday morning, I drove my indian femaile friend to the animal shelter.
I don't konw what will happen to me as a volunteer in the future.
Furthermore, there is the English test on next Saturday, so I hope I can cope with this test with confidence and knowledgy which I have studied for 6 months.
Writing is one of the most difficult skills, I hope I'll improve it using this service, moreover I hope to get to know new and interesting people here. Who have and know new ideas, and can enrich my life with new conversationals.
so my assey is always basic level.
Even then, it's an arbulous trek.
It is nutural phenomena isn't it.
Why do some people accept homesexual?
I don't know exctly about that.
Writing a diay is very exciting for me...
I think that learing other languge not only gets a skill of communication but also gobtains another country's methd of how to think.
Me interes el flamenco, la salsa, el viaje y la gente (?).
chao.
It was very crowded in flont of the Mona Lisa.
I'm qurious.
what does 'craking up over' mean?
``Food desert`` means a situation where many people, particulary elderly citizens, have problems buying food because a lot of small shops closed down due to the emergence of super markets, department stores and discount stores, and large shops are generally far from shoppers.
Pottery! ``in the magazine I got when I exchenged (or switched) to the iPhone4.
I am studing economics.
I scrabed the inside of rusty frying pan with a brush.
After that, I ate an egg tarte at a bakery.
There are many similar words between the two lguages even though one is a descendant of Latin and another is from Germanic.
I dicide to keep a dialy everyday.
Please read my dialy.
Three days before I found a music video of my favorite groupe on internet (You tube),
the Four marionets played Coldplay's song.
The remakable stage effects and stage staff (marionets) were interesting to watch.
Time goes by so quickly. I remenbered what I was back then..
Nowadays people can't live without them if they want to be a part of socicty.
It is coverd with honey, sprinkled with nuts, and has added chocolate and acecream!
One professor in my university said he has a favorite foreigh ranguage word too.
Developmern of Tea in Taiwan
there were a lot of people, many foregnersis there, who played soccer, baseball and badminton.
somer is coming:>
The picuture in jaoanese books and magazines are of course nice, but
But, this is girl onry university.
I dushed to the nearby bank to see the fireworks, but I couldn't.
In fact, I hadn't had a computer until I enterd vocational school.
When I lived in Korea, I usally ate rice, vegetables, and meat.
Why does bad food taste better than healty food?
Becouse the big typhoon is coming.
Im have fun.
In Kochi, they aer eaten with only solt.
I love my friends, who are sadly sufering from a cold.
Now, it is arond 3am in Japan.
It is raining and I am litening to the sound of the rain through the window.
As I pretened to call a policeman,
However, alomost all the people in Tokyo live their ordinary lives, like before.
I'm taking a buth now.
I sometimes take a buth for a long time!! ^ ^
I have pssed the intermidiate interpretation examination in Shanghai last month.
Syllabus was well wrietten and the class followed syllabus
Professor provided feedback aftet the exam or assignment.
I watched English teaching programms hosted by CCTV, Taiwan TV, and read my textbook each morning.
And I would never forget a word that I have learned, including the speliing.
But I can't spell a word quickly, for instance, the word infant I can only take it as a whole instead of as ``I-N-F-A-N-T``. I can pronounce and write it quikly, though.
I think English words are similar to pinyin of Manderine, I am good at pinyin, so it's easy for me to master English.
I never paid any attention to English grammer, but well, it doesn't matter.
But now, I have been studing Japanese for 5 years and I've nearly forgot my English.
One interesting thing is that I can speak English casually without worring about grammer error, while I am not confident at all when I speak Japanese; there are always new problems that I encounter and I cannot express myself well.
Accidently, I found this site and registar here. So I do not do well like everyone.
The Summer.. plaes hlep me..
In the summer there is a holyday for schools and univercites in the majority of countries.
I fotgot the name of beach though, this is located in La Paz which is in the southern part of California peninsula.
It is so peasful like the name s.
O shin... Japanese serail
You can see the clouds and lake strech out below.
My major is Accounting, which is a so complex a course for me to stduy, but it pays to work hard in this promising subject.
My dog died and I lost my job. My bussness failed and my money run out.
She also worked as an intership.
Because I thought being a dctor is a great job with good pay and that nobody wants to quit.
I will conduct an experiment at a university in Kyoto beginning tommorow, where I will stay for about a week.
The first picuture is at Tokyo station.
One dog `s name is YURIA, she's a podle.
One dog `s name is RIMU, she's a podle.
I decided to write a diary gradualy starting today.
I culdn't find good gifts which will make her pleased.
This is the first time that I write a diay.
I can't even glip a pencil.
My hobby is playing sports, espicially Basketball.
I am on the bus going to the chuch.
During the course, we tought them how to make dumplings and chatted with each other
I'm 24 years old and I'm a systems Enjineer of a securities company. programmer?
and I did excercise with my best effort.
when I was finished, I couldn't lanugh about myself ^ ^
Thay talked to each other for a while.
In recent days, I have not been happy because I quarreled with my boyfheriend.
I admit I overdrunk last night but I was still sober.
Some even advise me to envest 80% of my time studying mathematics.
As the story is so intersting, I read it quicikly.
I thought I wanted to become a warm person like his nighbor.
Even if the story is sad, the book was funny and intersting.
Later, I want to watch the movie 'The Homelss Student' too.
The students cannot swin in their school's pool in the big city because of the water shortage.
The famers have terrible quarrels about water for their rice fields.
Althought I have lived here in Taiwan for over 20 years, I still can't get used to the hot weather.
Althought the temperature there was higher than in Taiwan, the weather in Taiwan is usually hot and humid, which makes me sweaty and uncomfortable all the time.
It was July 4th yesterday, the bitheday of America.
Becouse I felt dizzy when I drank it.
Well, not exacly.
To make friends with foreiners, for business purposes, to go abroad....
Hello everone
If it's a coinsident, then it's quite a big one, isn't it?
Adittionaly I will meet my friend at night.
I think this main function is to call somebady.
While I was riding on the rockin train after that, I remembered what a priest said.
He said that they ate many dilicious foods and had a nice time.
Today, the introduction of my famiry.
I have pearents and brother (s) and a dog.
Todey was very cold.
Afert have a bath, I will go to bed.
In Japnan, it will soon be ``tsuyu``.
Now, when I thougt that XiaoBei parted with Haizao XiaoBei felt deep distress because she was not faithful to him.
It's been a long time since I last logined in on Lang-8.
Great Thank Rabit and King Goodbye Lion
My writting is terrible, so I feel stressed/ nervous about writting in English.
I think speaking is much easyer than writting.
The theme of this special number magazine is 'runnning', and I've decided to start to run.
Writing is necessary to improve langure
So, I will search for anothe plan!!
Tonight, it is such a beatiful night, the stars are so beatiful.
I saw a news report about a soler-powered airplane that can fly using soler power in the daytime and with batteries at night.
Several days ago, I had a conversation with a foreign teacher, who comes from Germany and teaches German in my universty.
I couldn't canceal my excitement at this cummunication, because it was my first time communicating with a foreigner face to face.
We just briefly greated each other, and then there was a long silence.
The score was 7-83, Japan was completly defeated.
(How should I discribe a person like him?)
anyway, I'm still coufused how to use it?
When the climate is wet and really cold, it's hard for me to wake up earliy.
I don't have enough willpower to study more and more in moring, wasting lot of time.
Fortunatily, this week is holiday and I don't have to attend classes.
Their dance and rythm is fascinating to Japanese people.
I play the fulte.
That makes keep up hope when whatching dreadful stories of the world.
I guraduated at a univercity this year, but the ceremony was carried through.
It was postponed by infruence of Hukushima's strong earthquake about 3 months ago.
He has just gratuated
About 15 minutes in the first half, Paul Scholes was kicked by a danish player and got his knee (or lingament) injured.
Before I went there, I didn't like studing English.
And I like taking picturfes, traveling, eating good food and dreanking, haha
Tommorrow, I will look for a new resedence.
Due to the specifics of being with the people who are from elementry school to high schoolers, I am supposed to know how to treat them accordingly.
There are about ten little kids in my school bus (mainly, I am in charge of monitering the school bus) and among them, there is a first grade kid who I have scolded a lot for being loud.
Relieved: I'm reliecer that I obtained the offer for the job.
Recentry, I don't have high motivation..
I wil leave to Tokyo, by JAL at 3: 50 in the evening.
Then, one of my colleagues assend me and appealed that kind of needs
When I meet the manager of the HR, he demanded an English interciew.
I'm 24 yaers old.
My mother, father, yonger sister, yonger brother and me.
For Valentines day I make gateau chocolat every year.
So, I like gateau chocolat.
Because it is funny and diferent.
Red can pretend to be dangeruis and it's sexy.
The whole tasting process was so enjoyable, watching the sparkling champagne in the glasses made me feel living in the high sociaty, although I am not!
Singing Taiwanese songs in KTV makes me high, and I hope tommorw I will have my cell phone number ready for a good hiking trip!
Two of them are on Visual Basic 2010, the other is on Vicual C + + 2010.
I have programmed in C + + before but I have totally forgotten the specifiation.
I want to be an efficiant progammer!! and earn more money!!
I'm already depressed with my exams, I don't need to hear that 3 hospitals and 5 Primary schools have been bombarded this morning at Gazaa.
When I first came to Taznania, we changed at the rate of 1300 Tsh to the U.
I went to a Vegitarian festival in Kyoto with my friends today.
It's not good looking or usuful so far.
I used easy word, only present tense, and not complex words; parfect tence, passive voice because I want to know whether subjects can make relatice clauses or not.
How do you studay language?
It's a software to memorize woards and phrases efficiently.
Are you good at memorizng new vocabulary items?
It's not surprising that we forget our memoly
Please tyr this method if you would like to study new language eficiently.
You can surely memorize meny new words!
But my family had trouble, so I had to solve the problem immediatelly.
It has been ten days since the Chinese Lunor New Year.
Now I have a lots of great photos that me and my friends took yesturday and today.
The next time I'll see her is in the summerday.
In my opinion we have argument between secrity and the risk against [urasite] of each school.
I have never serch it and also read, so I am not sure how [ura site] is but it seems that student write about other student's bad point or something hurts others.
Moibes could be very useful to prevent the crime from children.
If my freind has time, we'll play catch ball or whatch games.
If you are the one of people who lent me a hand on my survey, I really appriciate it.
In the end, she sent me some useful resouces about the theme by e-mail.
Today, I had three classes; English, Japanese and Chainese.
Besause it was the weekend today, many people visited.
Because all of the emploee are kind and happy.
Sometimes foreigh people go there.
American, Korea, and Chainese people.
And I also attended the Chinise classes in my Company.
Yesterday, I had a class titled ``perfect pronounciation`` at the university.
We learn the North American English prononciation in the class.
Michael Scofeild.
Like other girls, I was meant to be a fan of Michael Scofeild.
Anyway, I looked up on the internet about Wentworth Miller hoping that he is really a person who is like Michael scofeild in Prison Break.
When I was a junior high school sutudent, I went to Kyoto.
As I'm interested in Japanese history, espesially the ``Shinsengumi``, I want to go places that have a connection with the ``Shinsengumi``.
People don't look interested in a naked artist performing on the street, a group of tap dancing people or a movie filming location with a lot of famous acters.
Their birthday is tommorow.
I'm looking forward to tommorow.
When I pay, I foud that I have 4000 yen.
There are buautiful flowers here.
However, it was luckey we was able to meet one of the customers and tried to make him purchase our product.
So I cannot understand the actions of the sea chepherd.
Although the decrease in conversation is a very serious matter, the number of such families habe increased.
The holliday is celebrated every year on 1 September since 1984.
I am not a student for 9 years already, but I have never forgotten this holliday!
So now I need a good envirenment for me to learn.
I will wach it again when I go back to Japan.
I'm studying Engrish and Chinese.
Our teather asks us several questions.
When I looked around on the way to the school, cars were stacked, and strees were filled with people.
To make matters worse, evrybody was walking very slowly like a turtle.
English is my second language and I have been having a hard time getting Canadian profesional accredetation in order to practice nursing here in Canada.
Although she always made out with her hasband, she can't speak English that well.
doom: The criminer was doomed to get the chair.
We Chinese cannot log into SNS websites such as Facebook and twetter.
We can just lives under the ``ummbralla``
I made handmame BBQ sauce today.
It contained soi sauce, garlic, sesame seeds, sesame oil, and suger.
Inside of it there were 3 motours and metal frames,
This Exhibition is called ``Interior Life Style Exhibition`` in Japan. It is done onec a year.
She told me about her friends who went to america to work and tranvel and take care of the childrean in the usa for one year.
A pack of cigarrete is expensive, isn't it?!
I swear, I will never smoke cigarrete.
So I will have to study hard from tommorrow.
Hi all. This is my first time posting something in English. I'm from Moldova (If you know where that is.) Soon I will imigrate with my family to Canada (My father, mother and sister.) So Girls, I'm free. ^_ ^..
Today, my father will cook Okonomiyaki for dinner, whici is a Japanese style pizza, for the first time in a long while.
I am going to keep waching CNN somehow, although I can't completely understand what they say..
One of my hobbies is playing the guiter.
I'm learning Japanese but now I'm just a begginer.
So that's why I chose the 5-fingered socks as his bithday present.
I held a drink party for my friend who will get married this Octorber.
I hope for their happiess.
Yesterday, my friend told me about Lsng-8.
Sometimes I pretend I'm one of the charactor and say their lines.
Mabybe I just have no feeling, no spirit, no inspiration to write an English journal entry, I don't know.
This evening I got the news about a volcano on Monnt Kirishima in Japan!
but when I take her for a walk, she is so crzay!
I wanna sky jump and bungee jump and go surffing before I die.
but I'm a little chikin, can I really do them?
by the way, during 2nd perod, I went to a tiring progress of education class.
It had English languge for the details. Then I checked it, and
Insite of the idary there was a story from someone.
I was really excited and kept reading the diary. Then I saw many pictures from him that were insite the box and a card that said
``Happy brithday Noy.``
^_____ ^ Ohh my, that was the frist prasent I got.
insite it was written something such as ``I hope it will reach you before your brithday.``
Then my mouth opened and fanally smiled and I said to myself ``Thank you, my wonderful from Lang-8.``
I want to write about one of my favorite series Desperate Housewives.
It tells about their life, their husbands, their children and relations with their neighbors.
I woke up at 7 o 'clock, and then I washed my clouthe.
It cotinues from June to July.
I wonder why there is no rainy season in Hottkaido.
I hope to go to Hottkaido during this season.
We enjoed it.
I found the Penguine Readers books in my town's library today.
She is so frinedly and nice.
The visible air polution reflects certain wavelengths of sunlight back into space and this weakens the effect of visible air pollution on the earth.
I think I'm going to go to the libraly later (today).
What I do is I first check my library, and then only if thay don `t have what I want, I'll think about whether to buy it or not.
I like shooting games, some of them are violens, but I never want to kill people. also I don't think I'm atupid.
Movies, books, TV dramas, thoes entertaiments have some violence, but adults judge only video games that are not educational.
And do you think violance expressions make us obscene?
And surpriseingly, when I went out to drink some days ago, all of my friends said ``Wow, are you on diet?``
OJT wa tanoshii katta (The OJT was fun)
Watashi no Jikan de hiragana wo benkyou imasu (I was wasting my time by studying hiragana)
Hello. Starting from this week, I'll be writing a bolog.
By the way, I decided (descided) to write a diary EVERYDAY!
My condition consists of phisical and mental something.
Maybe we can excahage opinions!
If you want to make freind, let me know!
In the futuer, I want to write about my hobbies and music.
Now Japan has queke and radiation problems, so yeaterday's concert was held for charity.
Women's final of the Wimbledon chanpionship tennis tournament will start at 22: 00 Japan time.
He is going to Kouchi Prefecture today.
I'm going to meet some friends and have dinnar with them.
In the congress, 7 minutes of presentation and 3 minitues of guestion time is allowed for each presenter.
What a wonderful food name XD Has anyone aten it before?
Today is holyday work.
I went to the office in Tokyou by Shinkansen (bullet train).
If it's right, does this sentence, ``Bob doesn't like you very much.`` exist grammartically?
I wantto them to overcome the pressure and win the next game as well.
We went to Palece of Verailles, the Louvre Museum and Mont-Saint-Michel.
We went to chateau and took part in Marason.
Weather forecast says it wll snow till midnight.
Have a good weeken
I think I will go to shopping and look arond the market. I would like to buy a new magnet.
There are a lot of stores in the weeken market.
I hope you have a good weeken.
Her school has a cafetera, but underclass students tend to bring their own lunch boxes.
I like incestigate blood types.
The result wasn't bad bcause my score was fifty points higher than last exam.
I think that the closhs which are sold in the shops at daikanyama are somewhat more expensive than in other shops.
I think it is good for me to inproved my English.
My Enlish is so poor!
It was a windy day in Tokyo yesterday and the day bfore yesterday as well.
Our country have been inviting soldiers fom many years ago, but they areonly a handful ofthem.
Whould you check my English sentenes, pelease?
I am confident that if you pratice Korean with me, you will have progress.
And I forgote my umbrella.
I have a friend who is very populur with men.
It's complately obvious that he is into her.
(His behavor is better????)
Firstly, Let me introduse myself.
Our tennis team prastices almost everyday.
calligraphy is defficult, but it's a lots of fun.
However, I wrote not only my insistense but also my gratitude to them in it.
We would just simply conect to the Internet.
My major is archtecture.
I couln't figure out why because he never told me how he felt.
because the wather was bad.
Today's schedule includes ethics, mathmatics (logarithrm), Korean history, mathmatics (matrix), Korean literature (poetry), and Korean geography and self-teaching.
When you were a student, what was your faverite subject?
Also, I've been searching for a Japanese lunguage school abroad.
I hurtmy finger when I was making dineer.
Halloween is not as familiar in Japan coparing to other countries.
This neckllas was made by me.
A Church is in fact a place where people who admit that they are sinners ghether.
He sucrificed himself for me.
I hope I'll be able to visit there somoday!
2) that the modern youth are so silly/ perversive/ just awful etc.
It's complicated to judje though.
But when I looked at the tables after the costomers had left, there were so much leftovers as if some of the dish were left untouched.
But sometimes I see costomers who order a lot of food and only eat a little of each dish.
Food shouldn't be wasted, and both costomers and shops need to consider this problem.
So I moved a littel to give them some space.
I tried writing what I'll talka about in an interview.
The senteces below are ones that I made for small talk before having the actual interview with my job interviewr.
even though I lived in Australia for 1 year, my Englsih is not perfect.
I'm doing better at Englsih than I ever have before.
(Frankly speaking, I used to say this expression like ``I'm getting better in Englsih.
but some good firend on this site corrected it).
In Februar 2010 I bought a new one.
I've rea that this grease is cool, because it'll cause sand and other things to not stick to the chain.
Againyesterday I read the label on the grease and...
I used it as was wrotten in the manual and it works.
and it was my first time to hike with a bike and also my first time to be on the top of the vaolcano. The crater was just in front of us, it was amazing.
So the result may not be too much valueable.
I wonder why I don't like the feeling of the upcoming Valentine's Day, maybe the reason why I dislike the day is becauce Im'm single, and haven't celebrated with anyone yet.
some guy told me that I'm too picky, and my expection were too high, but that was not true.
I have to be patient to wait for my prince, the one that may not look good but has the responsibility to build up our relationship, the relationship that I'm looking for is one where we understand each other, and no mather happend we can forgive each other.
It was cloudy and raindy.
This was a good oppotunity to improve our relashionship.
Please could you correct my sentenses?
Adress: I live at Sunter Jakarta Utara street (,) Agung Perkasa 1 Blo (c) k J 4
And with futsal untill now I've made a lot of friends.
So I have to learn at least two languege.
However, the decorations were totally well done (they must have spent a lot of money) and there were some big actors like Meryl Streep and Dastin Hoffman playing small roles in it.
Many cherry blossoms were in full bllom and many people were walking and playing.
Why does the govermment hold these flower activities in the fall?
My vishon
Someday, I would like to go abroad for buiseness.
I'd like to make some sentenses to using these below;
If we went shopping together, I wouldn't go well-known luxuary brand shops with her.
I know [that], we shoudn't go there.
I thought, ``This schoool is suspicious.``
It's an honor for me to meet you on this webcites.
The referense is below.
At the same time, anoteh roommate said: ``Teachers' Day is on September 20, isn't it? ``This time I couldn't help but laughed.
She has been living in Japan and can speak almost fruently.
they were considring only buying one bottle of whiskey.
Forunatelly I got a chance to study at a university in northern England from February to June of this year. (In other words, the spring semester for 2007/ 2008).
But I saw a good site at my offce.
I haven't met anyone in this apartment but I'm looking forward to meeting inhabitans.
Today I watched sequences from Mubarek's trial (ex-president of Egypt).
I saw in old Egyptian movies that they put the accused in a cage, but I thought it was an exageration for dramatic purposes or it was only used in the past.
I was wondering how he managed to remember who was representing who in that chaos; lawyers and attornies were scrambling in the front.
He asked in an angry voice for everyone to sit, and they moved slowely as if they didn't want to.
Even though we don't know the correct pronounciation in English, we can still type English words.
So I guess it was a good desidion for me.
Through traveling, we can learn to cherich everything that we have and encourage ourselves to work harder.
When I took a buth, it smarted.
These places disply a slice of traditional Korean life for both domestic and foreign tourists.
Also, the Korean folk villages showcase the ancient techiniques of making pottery, baskets and insrument.
But I want to recommand this place for foreign tourists who plan to visit Korea soon.
When I was a junior high school stundent, I belonged to a basketball
clud and I enjoyed playing games.
After we got a new coarch, my club won the first game.
new coarch, ``Thank you for coarching us.`` He said that our club
It was important to have a good coarch to
become betther.
My mother is growing some harbs in my home garden.
My favorite is Caffarel whichi is a famous Italian chocolate.
Today is my birtyday.
becouse I have many bad days
When I met him for the fiirst time, I didn't know.
Okinawan poeple do not have a good image about the American military.
I thought he had not forgotten about hes exx-girlfriend and still loved her.
So we became a firend.
Shoul there be more government control of the Internet?
Some people say the goverment should reinforce control of the Internet.
The goverment fears that in other countries the public can easily share information and in the end this may lead to political upheavals.
Nevertheless, some people argue that the need of goverment control is to prevent frawds from using the Internet.
But most people know how Internet frawd is and are more cautious than before.
Hallo, I'm Kana.
recentry I've begun reading a book by H.
I want it to be like programming other computer langages very much.
Today, I had three courses to take, but, after taking just one course, I must go home because I hitted my hip while stepping down on the floor.
They are sooo sweet and jucie.
I can't belive that I have an acne problem now.
I'm bummber out from trying to find a way to lose it.
What does 'twist of lemen' mean?
that's because I don't know when I can use 'be awre to'
It seems as if we have shared this bad conditon.
My first food was scrumble eggs.
I took Jyoban line from Ueno station to Katsuta Staion.
It seemed to be close to the Kitasenjyu station.
He wasn't intersted in Tokyo skytree but Jyoban line.
c especially funk musc!
My father is indefferent towards money.
I should go to univercity now.
the TV seid, BANH MI is the top favorite food in NY.
of couse, sometimes I need to wear a swetsuit if I enjoy free diving or swimming in the ocean for more than an hour.
A shark is bihind you!!
In that picture, a shark was bihind a man!!
It is so scarry...
Hi everyone:) My name is Arisa.
I'm planning to go back to there again really soon to work on my undergraduate deproma, and get a job there.
Anyway, I congraturated him on his wedding and then I went to take a computer exam. MOS is an exam which tests my ability to process office programs!
I made some sentense.
I went to the university library in order to stuby for final exams.
to tell the truth, I have written an Enjlish diary before..
but I broak down.
What do you wnat me to do?
(We prefer conveyor-belt sushi restaurants to classical sushi bars, because it is less expensive and has an inviting atomosphere.)
But, unfortunatelly, I failed to take pictures since my camera had run out of power.
4, Click ``Upldate`` button, and that's it.
Their expressed policies in the manifesto are as follows: The government subsidyzes child rearing parents about two hundred dollars a month per child until he or she finishes junior high school.
I'm so glad to jion you, a platform from which to communicate with friends all over the world and improve together.
Their songs and consert are very powerful.
Meals are also more expensive than it was before Spring Fastival.
When my classmates asked me about how my spring break was, my ansawr was homework, writing, writing, homework, and homework and writing.
Forth, I ever chat with one guy in a QQ group who ignored me after I talked only a few words to him dued to my bad English.
With my hardwork in this passing days, I could veiw the progress of my english.
From now on, I will strike while the iron is hot to further my Englsih study.
The snow masks the top of the moutain, even when the sky is clear.
There's been so much news about Google in the last two days, since Google indicated it's considerring closing its business in mainland China.
Philippine advanture
I am learning how to survive in the Philippone now because the people and enviroment here is so different campared to Taiwan's.
Every jeepney on the roads has a different appearance and I guess they are all decoreated by their drivers, some are really cool.
If the jeepney is full, the other passengers will stand outside the jeepney hodding someting (?) to make them steady, would you dare do so?
As a result, the heavy traffic pollutes the air terriblely.
Foos here is sweeter and there are few vegetables.
My mom has 3 bothers and sistrers, and all their family will come back to spend New Year togehter.
They don't know how to talk gentaly and I always just feel so umcomfortable and try to escape them.
Althoug we are good freinds, but I still think it's embrassing to show her my room.
That made her sick eventully.
Some students told me they want to come to watch the bee fireworks when it's latern festival.
teachers told me that writing a diary in English everyday helps you make sence.
but I've never tryied that before.
Once you experience a striking event that affects youf, you cannot help feeling this kind of event will happen again.
around you thinks you to be less attractive and even to be ugry even thouh it's not true.
I assume almost everyone has exrerienced a similar feeling and realized ``I cannot live that way, I won't give a hoot no matter how badly
I climbed the tower and I had a beatiful view from the tower!!
I found tenkaippin nooodle shop in Ebisu Tokyo.
While I was trying to build a fire, my daughter was playing around and searching for wildlives.
Of course she relieased them before we left.
This day is devoted to the memory of millions of Jews killed during Sevond World War.
We don't have TV today and all public entertaiment places are closed.
I tried to make plans on friaday, but it didn't work out haha
becuase we dropped by taco shop.
A Magnificant and gorgeous view greeted me, and I said ``hello``.
And I saw the mension (?) of the owner of Ralph's grocery store, and we went to a friend's house to eat burritos (?)!
However, as we chiled out and laid back on the sofa, they didn't want to attent the party.
This afternoon, I suddsenly remembered my Lang-8's diary when I sat in front of my computer.
There are some cities with over 1 million habitants.
This is a happly fact.
But, I think the most popular and usuful language is English.
it's really usefull.
A: I don't agree with this idea, but actualy, it is important for young people to learn English for jobs, licenses, and so on.
In other proglams, she will take part in a footrace, a dance and the race in which all the students roll over big balls for about one meter.
Her grandfather and mather will come to see it.
It is a very intresting position.
I wish every dream of yours comes ture.
Becouse my univercity's English courses don't include speaking and writing.
I hope summer wil come soon!:D
It was during bastet ball.
We'll Meet Again: The Most Beautiful Scene in All Movies about Neclear Weapons
Tomorrow is Surterday but I am writing a test...
but I was very nurvese because I had to play with many good musicians.
I hope to meet a lot of friedns and have a great time with you here!.
My bad habbits
I have some bad habbits.
But recently I have been trying to fix my bad habbits.
When he meets me, he always smily.
Contect lenses
The economy still hasn't recovered since the Lefman Shock and we unfortunately have had a terrible earthquake and nuclear accident.
I was suprised to see a juniour high school student!
I bought underwear and accesories at h& m.
all the dishes taste very dood!!
It was a pretly good day:)
Unfortunatry my university curriculum did not include English courses, so my English ability has not improved at all.
However, nowday I feel there is a necesarity of studying English whether I like it or not.
nowday, English is a mucual lungage to be used to discuse.
There are a lot of turist from all over the world.
But I like not onry Japanese culture but also the cultures of many countries.
You know, it's a kind of notebook in which I write my favourite recipies.
Of course, one which is made baced on Chinese geomancy (feng shui).
However, I cannt stand the train rush hour anymore!! (couldn't)
You may feel thatyour ribs are nearly broken, or that you nearly lost all your sensus from the oppressive feeling/ strain on your chest.
Actually I've heard that there are alos severe traffic jams on the road among commuters in the morning in some countries, so I dont know which is more stressful-a crowded train or morning trafic jam.
Now, I tortally enjoy managing the club.
I am always thinking about how I can implove our team.
They are a wish for especially boys to climing higher and higher or rise up and up in their lives like a carp.
They will collect 1000 charity bags into which are put various things, such as stationaies, toys, animal dolls, books, candy, cookies, sweets and so on.
She said to me, ``I like Japan and Japanese people, so I will stay, even though 90% of my friends have returned to thier home countries now.`` That was in March.
But, strangely enough, I can naturaly wake up at the same time as before.
Few days ago I luckily met Andy on the Internet, he is also involved in the mentoring program, as a mentee.
Can I have him be my mentee, if it is convenient?
At the break time, my class mate gave me a sandich and I ate it.
After school my classmate and I went to a foodcoat and we chose Indian food.
But after the last election held this August, the LDP failed to continue as the ruling party, and gave way to the LPJ.
I worked in a Japanese restrant for four years as a waiter and cook.
It gave me a strong sence of responsibility and helped me learn the importance of communication.
Would you teach me correct English, (space) if it is not too much troule?
When I went into the shop, I was surprised by their manu and atmosphere.
But it's difficulut to make them by myself.
It's been a while since I have logged on to Lang-8 to write a diray.
Japaense SNS ``mixi``
But these days, many mixi users have stopped using it, and moved to ``Twiter``.
I am now having a plan to study aborad in Britain, so I have been to an english cram school for a couple weeks, but it's hard for me to improve my weakness.
The romm is packed with people.
If you eat too muh, you wll pack on some pounds.
English clss
He always talks with ``Thank you`` ``That's fine.``, ``Good``, And he's very fasionable guy.
The last perosn is Barney!
He is teaching about how to conversate well.
We had pizza while conversationing with other freely.
It was my fiirst time talking with a guy (!) in a coffee shop!
Please check if my writing is corrrect or not.
Rencently, I'm crazy about 'gossip girl'-an American series.
Love, sex, scandal and framing are the hot points of their life, endlessly and addictedly.
The complicated love game and expensive fashion of the show acctracted many people's eyes including mine.
I think that's the reson why this serise is so popular with people all over the world.
I think my presentaion was not good enough beacuse I was too nervous!!
But I've decided that I will go aborad next year!!!!!!
I want to write eassay.
Now I found this site and start to write English dialy.
I decided to send a text massage in English as soon as possible for studing English.
I tried to spand time with my son on the weekand.
But, I had such a hard day on the weekand,
so quite a few tourlists come here from abroad.
oh my godness.....
I graetly appreciated Samgoht's review.
So I still went to the ``International business negotiation calss``.
It is the most chanlleging part for me.
I felt a little bit embrassed at being incapable of performing as well as them, so I seldom speak in the class.
They all agrred on my terms and it made me feel so good.
My (self) selfintroduction.
Since I was hoping that Tokyo would be elected as the next place of the Olympics, I was disapointed by this election.
Olympic is the most popolar sports ceremony.
and I want to wacth this event directly.
They offten wake up early, and go to sleep late, which me feel challenge around. is somewhat unbearable.
However, the most depressing thing is I might move to a new compus with my classmates that is far from the city center, far from my girlfriend, far from my love. I have no choice but to try a long distance love.
He is a very dependable worker, and the boss will promote him to supervisior in the furture.
It was a J-leage match in which Sanfrecce Hiroshima (our home team) fought agaist Jubiro Iwata, and they're going to fight in the final of Nabisco Cup in Nobember.
^ ^ The result of the game was a tie but they needed to win (?) to move up near the top rank in the leage.
Now I'm making up my portfolio for my. job-hanting.
I found sometnig in front of us
I was suprised that 5 chikens were wlaking
My fiend said, They sometimes apper and
I thought that this movie was a commedy.
because the aliens and humans were gambling and buying and selling meat and catfood food. connect with last sentence
to do walking instead of runnning to keep fit.
prepared dinner with my mather.
Usually people are afriad about the future or the past.
When you live in a foreign country and get a cold or virus, I'm sure you feel more lonly than you would in your own country.
I just started using Lang-8 becorse my English is getting worse.
I had been studying Korean lingustics in Korea
My photolog blog's text
OK, A little about myself, I am 22, I like music (Leona Lewis is my love), sometimes I play the guita, but I am really not good at it because my hands are so small that I can't hold the string correctly.
Although, when you want to have something you should try to be consistant and learn to love it, right?
I'm a Japanese web programmer that is studying English. I want to talk with people of a foreing country during a trip.
How can he remenber people's faces?
I'm going to go on a business trip to Nagoya city to attend an exibition about dental techniques.
I'm going to go to Germany and France during the Cristmas holidays.
I want to see the cristmas market in Germany and go to Paris.
Actually, the stitnt at my current job has been shortened.
It means mountain girl, yama equall to mountain in Japanese.
They wear colorful sports clthes and with pretty bags and shoes.
Of cource I have climbed the highest mountain in Japan, Mt.
Anyway I can't recomend climbing mountains in the summer.
I ofen felt thrilled and could enjoy those all.
Actualy, I have a sleep disturbance.
This sicness is called ``Periodische Schlafsucht``.
Drowsiness makes me embarrasse.
The doctor gave me some medicin.
It seems to complate the recovery, usually by the age of 30.
The next day was a long-trip day. We traveled to places as many as we could: Tian 'anmen Square, Summer Palace, Wangfujing Street, etc. We took lots of pictures, especially at Summer Palace. It was definitly a nice place in Spring; the warm soft air blew, the green mountains appeared to be tumble masses, the lake lay smooth and clear, and everywhere in it was a fantastic picture. You would feel relaxed and happy. However, there was one thing I didn't like-there were too many people there, people people people...
A consultantant I saw yesterday told me that he painted pictures for fun and sometimes put his components in exhibits.
He also* said he should have painted ealier.
What is the diffrent?
I want to go abroad on business near future, so I neet to work hardto learn English.
I went to karaoke with my firend!
I went to an Indian style restrant with my new friend.
her manners wes really bad.
She was extremely inpolite to the salesclerk.
When I was a univercity student, I was a part time salesclerk.
I used to seeing inpolite attitudes.
I felt bad for salesclerks all over the warld.
BGM ``Natural Beauty`` Kimi ha tennnennsyok puburished 1981
This CM was boadcasted in the Summer of 2004.
Stress makes me inflexable.
My enegy is being decreased more and more.
I want to go to Vennice with my friend.
and then visit Vennice.
Classics makes great effect on our life because they can teach us how to confrim our aim and they can help us figure out things that we must hold, they can tell us what words are the most beautiful and make us feel happay, when we are reading classics.
First, in the modern times, people have more and more work to do, so they havn't any time to read books.
Can I meet Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger? LOL I feel nourvous now, but I'm looking forward to going there anyway!:)
I spend most of my time (conscious and conscioius time) in the library.
I decided to get some excercise every day or every week to be healthy for my family.
The movie makes me feel ``disgusting, rediculous, warm, and suprise`` at the same time!
I was reading The Guardian this morning, trying to find some interresting news when I ran into this subject: URL
I think we'll get recover from this situation soon and wish for the peope in Miyagi and Fukushima a better life and peace.
Today, I went to ``Shionoe`` with my garlfriend by motorcycle.
The Amego was good tasut.
At this moment, there might be many peaple wracked by violence.
I think a person who is not suticefied with their life is usually violent to relieve their bad feelings.
``He loves snowbording`` was in front of this sentence.
``That`` in this sentence points to snowboridng.
Can I say ``It's righ up my way``?
Some people think it would be a good idea for schoolc to teach every young person how to be a good parent.
The class may touch on the parents 'difficutlies and the students can understand the tough situation.
I don't know the reazon.
The reason why I agree that meats are better than fishses are as follow:
There are many trees near my place, and lots of cicadas are singing from early mornig till* midnight.
I am goint on a vacation tomorrow.
I liked 'Romance' songed by Yoon Sang Hyun and Yoon Eun Hye.
And also liked ``I Love You`` songed by Narsha.
For example many goods shown on comptur screen aren't what you actually get.
Today, I read an interesting arricle in the newspaper.
Ten years ago, NY was number one,, the second was LA, and the third was Bankok.
About my Hobbie
My hobbei is snowboarding (^ ^) But I did it only once when I was fifteen.
I belong to the snowboard cirkle with my high school friends.
I went to a snowboard goods autlet on this weekend.
I boghut gear.
Hello, this is my firts post here.
I want to use English fluentry.
Preachig is dfficult.
Lately, I often listen to the CD ``Rythm Nation 1814`` by Janet Jackson.
I endeavor to deal with this promblem.
2. I rndeavored to get good marks in the mid term exams.
I had to haurry to
I'm going to th hospital
But, I know I have to study basic grammers and words.
This book doesn't have a lot of sentences that explain grammers and words.
At leaset its possible to buy it this year.
So it is a helthy fruit.
Because of the break down, there are some unconvinient situations.
Because of lack of electricity, some things are unconvinient for the uneventful people like me, but I'm afraid for the people who live in the north east part and the people who depends on medical insutruments which needs constant electricity.
I thaught ``who moved my cheese? I wonder what this means..?`` Then I read it but... it was not interesting.
Yesterday, I watched the movie ``Hally Potter and deathly hallows``.
I have watched Hally Potter movies released before this, I enjoyed this movie.
I am looking forward to waching partv2 of Hally Potter and deathly hallows.
at 8: 30am on August 61945 the first nucler bomb was launched on hieroshima city in japan. The poeple didn't know what happened, The light turn to darkness and the poeple who were under the bomb disappearedlike sand. How it is go with wind I was hear about hiroshima bomb but when you hear about thing it doesn't like when you see it
Radiation from the atomic bomb chenge the human body and DNA of those that were not born yet.
Perhaps I am a lazsy girl.
Lately my daily rutine start with Starbucks's black iced coffee with sugar but no cream.
The first one is a picture from a megazine.
Second and thrid are captured pictures from Um's MV.
My favorite foods
I usually eat bagle with ice cream and syrup for lunch, and
I'm going to do some streching tonight.
I've been getting up at unregular times latley
Pleasse tell me your favorite book, will you?
she didn't understand that thire pics showed the same person.
Worst of all, grammer is very difiicult.
I like him, but comunication is very difficult.
I was pretty hungry, so I oder extra large portion.
``Everything's gonna be alrigh`` is a song that I like very much.
This advice carries out my thoughs.
If my mother deleted my facebook ID or Game ID of High level, I would not panic but instead quell my anger by writing something, but I can't do anything like him. (but it's so funny haha.) I thought getting furious differs between individuals wathcing it.
When I was in International school, I met many forigners and one of the things we talked about was marriage.
The writer said that Japanse education is based on the national isolation policies (?) of the Tokugawa Era.
It means that Japanse education is affected by Japan's isolation.
But he didn't come anytime, so I coudn't see him.
Yesterday, I had lunch with a collegue.
She majors in vilin.
She played the vilin to a piano accompaniment.
For the concert my friend practiced the vilin day and night.
This is my second time working as a pormter girl.
When I took her to find service personnel, no body could help her because thet couldn't speak English.
There was an earthquake in Christchurch, so my mang friends worry
I never feel flightened.
I wolud like to learn how to write English good and to make some good friends.
One week has passed sice I came to this farm.
I've been enjoying taking care of the ducks althoug it has been the first time because they are really cute.
Wedding/ marreid ceremony
I met a Japanese guy who looked abouut 40 years old, and 20 years ago lived in the U.
I think it is the happiest thing for children and young people to receive ``red papper`` from their elders.
The tobacco association publishes that tobacco sales will be down by 25 percnts.
It is a shame that even my English teacher's English pronnunciation was very bad.
The doctor suggeted to me that swimming is better than jogging for my injured ankel.
On ``my`` way there, I stopped by ``a`` well-known ragmen shop.
I spent 10 hours from Taipei to San Franscisco, and I stayed there for one night.
I clearned my house and aired a futon.
Like Harry Potter or Daniella Steel or Candace Bushnell.
Internet shops offer more opportunities but all the books I really want are very expensive, nevetheless sometimes I can find something not crazy expensive and interesting there and buy books this way.
I would like to make freds and practice English here.
Does it depend on the situaton?
The Beatles are very famous in Japan and I'm one of their funs.
Anyway, the Beatles song that I like best is ``The Long and Windin Road.``
My favarite time is watching TV while eating side dishes and drinks.
Android by google. These phones are the best in technology and have wifi, gps, 3g conexion and more. I'm really interested in that. Also I likecameras with high resolution and a good flash most. I really take a lot of photos everywhere/ wherever I go.
Well that's all for the moment but if someone has one of these phones then please tell me your experiencies with it.
Morover, I only bought it about a month ago.
I hope I can enjoy the rest of life here and the experience thet I got here would be helpful for my life.
There are so many adults, thoughts of people tend to complication, sometimes, you do things unintentional, but it's seems that you're on purpose for others; and then, you will (see) jalousy from girl's eyes, don't dare look into their eye, so cold, unfriendly.****
A Singaporian blogger on Naver, the No. 1 Korean search engine, introduced this site on her blog and I wanted to see how it works.
There is an old saying in China, ``Trip to China's five great mountains render trips to other mountains unneccessary, and a trip to Huangshan (the Yellow Mountain) renders trips to the five great mountains unneccessary.`` by Xu Xiake, a famous ancient geologist.
Another famous scenic spot is the Guest-Greeting Pine, people usually wait there to take photos of a tree so vivid it looks like it's saying hello to the tuorist.
However, no matter how many companies I appied for, I haven 't
I go to the caligraphy school every Saturday.
It was so deliious.
But, I theatened (worried) that I gave them too much information about it beforehand.
From what I have heard, some people say that movies will definitely be eliminated because they are old-fationed while other people say movies will exist until doomday.
Big misundersanding concerning ``about`` by Japanese people?
Although I can write only short sentenses, please correct my entries strictly.
If you woud like to learn Japanese, let's learn each other's languages together.
Soon I found out that all its feathers were wetten by the rain.
The movie was about the end of the world caused by the sun's radition.
I'm a Chinese giri.
In addition, I have learned a Geman word ``Hallo``.
Today, the traditional New Year event is being hled in my town.
But it's Alril already.
I don't know exactly who his first owner was. But when the original owner was about to abbandon him at a children's playground around his apartment because he was so naughty
my grandmom saw him and she asked the owner to take the puppy to my home and feed the poor one,
he lived along time with us, but I'm affraid he could have lived longer.
I still belive some animals are better than humans.
Although I hate skipping an appointment to chat with my Skyp friends without sending any message, I skipped four appointments today.
gread closed
But, many students in our gread were absent from school.
So our gread was decided to be closed.
I hve to learn more about how to use it!
MT stands for merbership training and it's a time when a group of frinds take off for a quickly overnighter.
I love this fantastic story/ movie because of its beatiful images/ cinematics and its cute charactors.
They are 'Yae-zakura' cherry trees and are of a differnt variety from the cherry trees, which bloomed at the begining of April.
It was clair and bleu.
In their mind, English is storongly associated with taking tests.
Since globalization keeps going on, we Japanese have to improve our ability to communicate with people from different countries more or someday we'll be left behind from other coutries such as Korea or China.
Bassiclly I've been depressed recently because some of my friends are going back to their countries soon.
I saied thank you and good bye to him and went home.
He was deppressed and unusual.
Today we are having a forum about the reaerches that my lab conducting!
I will be back at Lang8 tonight if I am not exausted!
After graduattion, I will go back to Japan to be a teacher at a high school
The reason why I feel so is that Japan is a homegenious coutnry,
to make them broden their horizons
I know that this story is a little naive (I mean the BBC serial), but I like it mostly for wonderful music, costums (Morgana's dresses are extraordinary) and pictures.
The strong advantage of the book is the author's orginal point of view on the ``old religion`` involving the Great Goddess, magic etc.
and her dissapointment about Christians who doesn't understand that ``All gods are one God``.
I am rading a book entitled, ``The Presentation On Secrets of Steve Jobs
I will write a report and do a presentation on the book next manth.
So I made an alubum for him.
Fourth, I have a plan that I go camp with volunteer group, But there aren't many adult so I'm worring if ``We can care about children perfectly``...
Obama's inauquration speech
I've heard Obama's inauquration speech by tube (web-site) today.
I reseigned from my job last month and will work in NYC from Dec. 31, 2010.
I like surffing, running in the early morning and going to musicals.
Who can deny the cuuteness of the muppets on the children's TV show Sesame Street?
If a waiter like him was exsist in the real world, it would really disturbing.
And this will make your life brighter, I promiss!
Don't ask me why, but she told me that we had to investigate cellor phones in Japan.
Plese look at the picture.
In fact, the boss was almost ready to make the dicision to expel her.
One thing I really want to say, especially to teenagers, is that, please don't hasitate to tell the boss the truth if
Unfortunately, the whather was bad while I was in Taiwan.
We actually concede that& nbsp; it isn't a smart thing to try to keep this relationship after our saparating since we don't have any actual plans to meet each other.
I knew that this was going to happen the day he leaves this country from the beginnig of our realationship.& nbsp; It doesn't mean that I can handle this.
Today, I will go to IKEA to buy my TV-boad.
and I felt excited to see someond's correction.
Yeasterday there were just 6 people...
It was conspicuous becuase my hometown only has few buildings.
. A New Year's paty was held.
We drink alchool until midnight every night.
: Colse your eyes, otherwise, you wouldn't see anything.
A firefly was flying as higt as the roof.
If they come agian, I'd like to teach them Korean games.
Recentry, I saw a lady wearing make up in the train.
But many pepole cry over naughtiness of young people.
All day, I was under the sun, I might get sunbernt.
I saw a lot of sheep, and took photograhs.
As for me, it's unlogical to celebrate Christmas on this day, because originally Christmas was related to the Winter Solstice.
it is an amezing drama:) I regretted that I had watched it too early.
I want to wacth it for fun and studying listening in English.
I love English, but I am not good at writing essey in English.
In fact I guess I might not sound too modest but I think I'm fairly good in English, good enough to sunstain basically every type of conversation.
I thought it drilled so deep into the soil that it had to be close to the center of the Earth by now.
Monsters were coming out of the hole in the groud that the machine was drilling into.
I used lettuse, tomato, onion, cheese, fried egg, bacon and a burger of course this time, and made the sauce a bit sweeter which was little more luxurious than last time.
I went with some friends and that did not cost so much because one friend of mine gave me his ticket and so I flyed for free.
My jac-o '-lantern has two faces, funny and scared.
I will take a white handkerchief from my poket and signal with it by waving.
So diffecult.
The video was about a person who tried to play bumkijum in the river where there has got cockodie inside.
Frist, I saw this and not sure whether is a fack video or not, but I thought the man who did it should have ben eatten by crocodile or got a little hurt.
Today I have finally rcoverd completely.
Even thoght I know that walking is good for health,
I prefer ``Gran Trino``, with its lingering depth, over ``Hereafter``.
The AA English conversation club menbers came to the party.
If an enemy came in front of me now, I would just want to say: ``Don't look down on me. I wll knock your head off!``& nbsp;
To achieve a breakthrough on the Global Finaicial Crisis.
My kindergarten was attaached to a temple.
But we have many teachers and when they started teaching us they start teaching the same tching over and over.
In efect, we cannot speak English at all.
I ran ten kilometers up along the mountain and then down the other side for another ten kilometers.
The view is just amazing from everywhere along the mountain path; I feel as if I am stood at the same height as the clouds, and the wide opend view makes me feel freed from everything.
If your native laguage is not English, do you remember your first English class?
I was so excited when my frist English class was about to begin.
After surfed the net for a while, I got hungry and made myself spaghetty.
Altough I don't quite understand what the movie is all about.
This actually happend 4 months ago
I cried again and again and finaly my boss answerd me!
I am a student of the dept. of commce management.
For example, my friends are from Okinawa, Hukuoka, Oosaka, Kyoto, and Sendai etc...
And also, there are a lot of foriegn students from all over the world.
It is the greatest thing in my life that I can meet many people who come from diffrent places!
On Novenber 2nd and 3rd, there was a festival at my university.
The bad thing is I don't have many opitions.
vaction Abroad!
I will join my friends in Singapore and we wiil stay there for three days.
Although the weather forcast said that the rainy season is over,
It has been rainiing frequently for the past few weeks.
When the solar exlipce could be seen in Japan,
The weekend is over, I don't like monday, and im login the lang8 to see wheather someone corrected my diary, but the result let me down.
It's not that I am missimg my family and friends in Korea;
I opend my refrigerator.
I had some chiken.
First, I marinaded the chiken in soy sauce, cooking wine
I then rolled the chiken in Japanese basil.
I fried the chiken.
It was very deliciaus.
I will cook it agin someday.
I looking forwward to meeting us.
``day hospital`` meaning outpatience clinic
Yesterday I arrenged the song for we will use for dancing,
We could sing to the accompaniment of a guiter which the master played.
My favorate sport is table tennis.
Lang-8 is very interesting because many people are comunicating with each others languages.
but eveything that was said has truly become past tense; which we can no longer change through useless force
the beaty of your background resembles a beautiful burning fire
Because I will want to enter univercity.
I want to study biomecanics.
I went to the driver's license test course to pass the driving skill exam this mornig.
I was so tired today, I wook up at 7am and rushed to my training place.
We started our rope skipping training in tahe early morning until 11. 45am.
Just like me, she likes to travel a lot, but we don't have enought time.
Last holliday we went to Normandy in France, but this holliday we are going to go to Italy.
Today is the last day of my holiday in the Spring Festival. I will have to go to the office tomrrow and work hard every day, so I have to wake up at 7: 00AM every morning.
But I didn't speak Enilish well.
The foreign conversatin school that I've been studying English at for about five years has gone bankrupt today!
Japane's English education system's history.
So ``English native speakers`` means Amrican.
This morring, I read all of the handouts the teacher gave us.
I'm a bigginer here, but I'll make effort's to help guys who want to study my mother toungue, Japanese in turn for your help.
I'd really apriciate if you helped me!!
I was involeved in a dance club.
The only thing I can do is to apolozige, explain, and hope that he will forgive me.
I think that this is a also reasons why people commit sucide here besides of the maintainig path.
The atomospher was very quiet.
The board said that those caves were used to preserve foods iseveral hundreds years ago.
As I have long expected, today is the day that my new scool term is starting.
Of course, I was studying hard at my house ullntil now.
Human power created by peddaling a bicycle is being considerd in an institute as a renewable energy resource, says the Shukan-Press in Yahoo news Japan.
It says you can watch TV for an hour using the power from peddaling a bicycle for 3 and a half hours.
At fisrt it makes me angry, but then I think that they are right!
The sauce contains mustard, mayonnaise, a little bit of garlic powder and chile powder.
Lagn-8 is a special website. I'm glad that I can use it to improve my second language here.
I was shocked at the news about Asakusa samba carnibal 2011.
Tha participants are American, India, Brazilian and so on.
We ate our lunch in buffet style and we were full and satisfaid.
We bought clothes, ate an ice cream, playng a console game and talked about fun stuff.
There were many dogs and kizs at the park.
thay are really good and cute and have ideal figures-long slender legs, well knit bodies and biautiful big smiles.
I am senier university student.
I went to San Diego with my husband and dog for thaksgiving.
San Diego was different from Chicago in weather, topocraphy, even in houses and people.
3-Dreams. This interesting topic has been on peopl's minds for a long time.
Some peopls even say that dreaming is a sign that we are sleeping the perfect sleep.
I'm listening a song called 'Nothing Lasts Forevr' by Maroon 5.
It was a SF& horror short story and very fashionating to me.
And I found that it was maded into a game.
I thought if this short novel would be maded into a movie, then it would be very interesting.
I read a comment on Youtube that this novel is going to maded into a movie.
And also someone recomented, ``Where did you hear that from?``
When I searched for other information, I found a post that tranlated in Korean (but not all of them).
I'm so exhausted from standing throgh the night.
inai!
un daijobu daijobu, netto tsunaide, tomodachi no Kazu to hanashi wo, netto ni tsunaide, skype tachiagete, log in...
but I've made up my minsd to only study hard/ concentrate on my study.
Today's dialy which I was just writing has disappeared!
I don't have callange (?) to write the same dialy...
I have to prepare boild eggs.
All of the media outlets here keep reporting news about New Zewland's devastating earthquake here which is said to be New Zealand's deadliest natural disaster.
plese tell me how to study!!
This is my first time writing songthing about love. I left my girlfriend two weeks ago.
I can lon in on the weekend!!
I want to improve my vacubulary and train my ear.
For example, I microwaved the pasta that a coustomer bought and forgot to take the vinyl out which made the pasta explode.
Anyway, we `re going to meet tomorrow and I hope it will be a great randevous!
Many historic architecthers are much bigger than Japanese ones, such as temples and cathles.
``Please remember me kindry to all your people.``
Because of a lot of drinking chances, my condition and wallet funds drastically decrese.
Today I encoraged myself to
But my opnion caused a strong
beacause we desides the final choice we need.
mabey she was right.
I'm a little nervous, but I'm looking forword to working there.
Got an iPod touth
I got used to traditional American happy endings and I hoped that everything would be all right untill the last moment...
Naice to meet you.
My hoby is fishing, skiing, and playing the guitar.
I wathed the movie in einglish.
I want to be good at Englsh.
we were studing together and one of my friend said
I couldnn't remember who paid the bill
this mornig I woke up bording house of my friend
S, when you eat out at restaurants you normaly can take the leftover home.
or other europian countries, which will lead us to save food, money and the earth in effect.
(In Japan, the beggining of the semester starts from April)
Althogh I have the experience of doing man-to-man one-to-one lessons, this is my first time performing my lesson in front of a lot of people.
And I was very norvous and couldn't do a good lesson.
Legs: Closs-legged, the right foot placed on the left thigh, and the left foot on the right thigh.
The Zen Master struk my sholder when I lost concentration during the practice session.
I want to improve my english, so need ur help to correcti my english:)
I choose to learn physics departement there
If it's not rainy, I would like to go to a sports event in a rocal junior high school to see some neighbours.
As international air traffic increases, many major cities need to extend the operationg hours of their airports to accommodate passenger and cargo flights from foreign countries. Residensts near airports argue for curfews. Discuss both points of view and give your opinion with reasons.
but, I feel a confatable mood.
Hi, I want to learn englishi.
haha I am a bie clumsy
Anyway, it seems so exiciting to ski or snowboard in a foreign country!
But now I still have a musle ache...
Please, correct this passeage.
We will play a plactice game tomorrow.
I could speek in English fluently.
I would be capable of a heavy worklord.
and be cheaten by vendors.
It took over 40 minutes, but it was good exexercise for me.
My laboratory was not comfortable since it was terriblly cold and dry. (more concise)
Actually, I dicided that I am going to remain here yesterday.
I couldnn't bear the heat.
In addtion, many newspapers said the TEPCO CEO's annual salary should be cut down more.
Recentry, I read and voice the same article such as address, novel, thesis and so on.
Ultimete Frisbee
My friend Jeanie took me to the evnt.
Before the game started and after it was over, I talked to many Amenrican students and all of them were so nice.
The teacher complimented me on my pronounciation.
The shoes that I orderd came to my clinic yesterday.
When I saw them on the internet, I coulod see them black and the infomation about the shoes and it also explaned that they were black.
What is diffrent between (the) and (a)?
How shuld I use them?
I want to hear about how cabodia is now from him.
I think doing exercise is a sutable way for me and I started go jogging after work.
But the problem is when I go joggin.
I'm a little bit conncerned whether I will get sick because of the hard schedule...
I know a light daily excercise is good for the health but I should think of when to run.
I'd like to know your thoughtness about it.
The silver weighed abouot 200 tons.
I am ruluctant go to college because of the chilly and strong wind.
I thought she would be very pleased when she entered the room and saw these small decoreations.
When I saw her at first, she looked gogeous; like a super model.
Unfortunitely, I couldn't see her there, for various reasons.
We Japanes love that poetry.
I prefer writing in English to listeing, speaking and reading English.
Therefore, in English class, I sometimes felt embarrassed with my poor ablity of English
I lern English.
But even 8 marth won't be a day off because of the stupid university's shedule.
she said ``I watched an English TV program, It shows the latest English to us, and famaous TV programs have the power to keep anyone's interest.``
It contains big fillins (which are usually, meat, onions, carrots and potatoes)
I am a university student but I am not goot at English.
It is so moist that we break a sweat every time under a non-air-cnditioner!
There looks to be much more sediment disasters by the heavy rain, espacially in the Kyushu area.
They always make me feel happyness.
Today would have been fantasitic if it werent for the bad weather.
I heard and was very surprisd that there's no rice cooker in a foreigner's home.
something like 'day book' when you transate it from German into English, so perhaps it is something where I have to write what I've done today.
When I finished, I went outside and helped my granpa in the garden.
It started to rain, so we came in and my granpa and I tryied to make a meal, but it wasn't good, what we cooked.
And I'll do exersice tonight.
There are many types of drinks that tasete like beer at the supermarkets in Japan.
I was advised from the doctor I'd better not to eat or drink too much, performmoderate exercises, avoid a stressful atmospere as gout is a desease caused from unhealthy wy of living.
One of my friends from Canada has a lot of knowleges in improving health, (There's nothing to stop him talkig on that topic once he starts, and you're doing nothing but just nodding.)
Although I'm interested in this book cover and title, I hardly have the time to read this book as I am busy studying German and attending a Political sceience cource.
But now I'm in Beijing, so I'm homesik.,
I try to learn English, but I don't like to learn words in another leanguage, which I don't use in my daily life.
If I don't use a leanguage every day I'll forget some of the words.
I do not mean that's bad, I hope everyone has a happyness life.
Birds Singins
I sometimes hear their singins at the same time.
I can hear these singings near my house.
Please check the grammer and logic in my blog.
An appologize from Japan
If you speak native English and want to learn Chinese, then we can be language parterners.
Second period was boring, and in third period we ate tortillas and salsa; fourth period was study hall, and in fifth priod, my friend and teacher were so kind, so I felt happy, and (but) the other classes were also boring.
My stomack was full from all the rice.
But it was very nice movie! It's a selious but heart-warming story.
In the evenig, I didn't bring my text book to my English class.
For example, I like to invite my friends to my place, enjoy my favorite sigarette in my room, listen to rock music, and drinking a little alcohol before going to sleep...
so on (souds like I am a teenage boy XD).
Living under their careness make my life more easier but also makes my intelligence degrade to a three-year-old child's. (I am already 27.
This is my first entriti, please, have patience with me. I do not speak English but I really want to learn.
The Remains of th Day is a great novel written by the Japanese novelist
This novel is the winner of the Booker Pize.
The protagonist in this noovel named Mr Stevens is a great butler in a house called
Miss Kenton loves him also and she spents a lot of time trying to draw his attention to her love for him. He knows that, but he represses his feelings and ignores her.
The first choice is docter.
The secound is engineer.
But, so long as I do not give up, I konw that there'll be an end to my hard journey.
My car has a garanty of 2 years without any limit.
I have it for 75 mounth (?) and has my car running 30000 km because I'm like a tourist on a car.
I was sad sad, but I rememberd about yesterday's work.
The day before yestaday, I cooked rice with hashed meat.
I had not cooked too much untill I became a unidersity student.
So, I was researching it for a longn time.
For exsample..
This situation has recentlly been severely condemned.
I went out with Yumiko Syaku.
Ms. Syaku is a Japanese actress.
Then you put them into a pot with a glass of white wine, chopped vegetables like onions, a piece of garlic bater and a little bit of red pepper.
Yoo seem happy.
Today, it was held a display of fireworks in my rocal city and since it has been conducted nearby my house, I have to hearsounds of the fireworks every year whether I am unwilling to or not, because I don't have a girlfriend.
In fact, I have leraned English during junior and senior high school.
We would often wave an antena to catch signals from the transmitter while monitoring.
The explosive on the GPS collar was triggered when we pushed a buttom on the controller.
Suffice it to say that the point of my research was to see whether or not the distribution of the persimmons coinsided with the emergence of the bears in the residential areas in 2005.
Nothing has happend yet!
I woke up around 7am and I thought that it would better for me to go back to bed so I could have some extra sleep, and since today is Sanday, I have a right to indulge in my sleep.
I gave up on sleeing and desided to cook something.
I borrowed the DVD ``Saburina`` last week.
I wear llike the same clothes everyday.
hello eveybody!
I was so excited since I diddont need to resume my assignment again!
Ah, I assume I'm gon to move out of this house on the start of November, but haven't found a new place yet...
althought my studyng habits aren't good enough, I'll do my best..
In my eyes, she is an 88 year old woman acting as my grandmather and guardian, I wish her good health!
You have to know the customers, competiters, and products.
My job is to loan out electonic devices.
so I see many travelars.
but we have few custumer--only about 10 people in a day:(
I'd like to talk to travelar every time I see them,
but I'm worker, so I shold speak fluentry in English..,, (confusing sentence)
I started a new project about food thes week.
The first chapter tell us that it was the god who creat the world.
Someone may believe that ``God creat the world`` and someone may not belive.
As an elementry school student, I hated diaries like this.
so I had a rong rest last night.
Hellow. My name is Hayabusa.
I'm going to Hukushima with my boyfriend and club frieds in February.
And going to Kyto whith my best friend.
Of couse I will never fail to live up to what our parents expect of me:
I had hope that during these days, I'll be able to walk in our moutains, collect some spring flowers and feel the fresh, warm sunshine on my body.
Every single room is already cleaned, on TV there are only 3 channels, so probably nothing intresting there.
I think we are going to the French restrant with you and my daughter.
Two reserchers.
I don't think it's a bad translation, the language represents the national culture, if I want to understrand novels and the other arts from abroad, I don't think it is a good idea to translate it.
I checked it with a mirrow and didn't find anytghing wrong.
However, it hurt and started to swallen.
I am going to put some eye drops in and stop using contact lense until it gets better.
A big earthquake happend in Japan
The buildig which I worked in shook very much.
At that time, I didn't know that many people sufferd from much more damage.
I discussed this probrem with my co-worker who stayed at my home. (Her home is too far to go back on foot.)
What should we prepare for in the time when the infrastructure such as water, gus, electricity stops?
I will graduate from my unniversity after one year.
In fact, I am a little worried about my job which I thougut was so nice.
I want to brige between Japanese companies and foreign companies.
I think I want to take it esay.
I knew it through a TV comercial.
I wanted to look for some imformation about Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 2.
Therefore, many peole have already watched the movie; they had seen the kissing scene betweeen Rupert Grint and Emma Watson.
I'm not crazy like this but I'm a bit disapponted as we have to wait for it until August or September to watch it on DVD.
I downloard some applications like Kanjiryoku, Pac-man, Fairies Life.
I don't know thier details, but I thought that their family relationship had become very strong.
They love a stuffe frog that we have.
We got on airplain with Kero.
I don't know wherther or not they are better than the job I am doing now
Your carrer is just beginning
The head of my ward told us that he would like to hold a feast at our pablic house.
When I was in university, I read lots of histry books.
I can cocentrate (center) myself when I do.
^ ^ It will be tough, but I beilive in myself!
This Capilano Suspention Bridge is 137m long and 70m high/ in height.
But, it was very diffcult.
I CAN 'T speak, write or hear English. This is the same for almost all Jpapanese people. I was taught English in junior high scool, high school and university, but I still do not understand English.
Therfore, I would like to be able to learn english as soon as possible.
It's delicous!
Sometimes there are foreigners who have funny Kanji tatto.
I'm wating to have a meal
I plan to mee my girl friend todat.
I was glad to see famouse seanes of Swan Lake.
Near my house, KIA has some voulanteer language classes, we call them ``Englsih table`` or ``Korean table`` or ``Chanese table``
This article was ``Disabled athletes have balloon in thier court.``
He can't speak because he is using a respirater.
I start keeping my daialy entry since today.
I'll be glad if you enjoy reading my dialy entry.
I noice that American movies (are filled with humor), and Euroean and Azian movies have great story lines.
My problem is, I can't stop wathing them.
It was very exciting to watch the later part of the game, but the first half was boring bucause both teams attempted a brake attack.
My friend SONG intoduce me this website just now, which looks funny.
I tried to change to nother bus to go my house.
It was the frist time I had taken it.
I have someethigs harry.
It's my telephone and modeim to connect to the internet.
I had solary 9000 baht that I spent to connect the inthenet and retren to my mom 2000 baht; at the moment, I was poor.
The theacher asked the class whether earning money was a good or bad thing.
But I can't think that it's a very very giood thing either.
Fryday night!
It's Fryday night.
I have a sore throught from the cleaning spray and my hands get rough from the washing up.
Today, I have two clases in my major.
Weather is very good and very confortable.
My company is crose to the park that the ward office maintains.
Usually, people look forward to cherry blossam viewing.
so most of people had cancelled the cherry blossam festivals.
I will tell the folling story tomorrow.
I saw Carice on TV
Do you know the Philipino singer, Carice?
That may be the reason I feel afaid to meet foreigners who cannot speak Korean.
The Mid-Autumn dfestival
My trip to Huzhou
I'm home. I feel so tired.. I want to go bed immediatly....
I can't speak english very well as if I foeger everyrthing I know
john saied practice made a perfect
which means it mekes me feel alive and makes happy
There is a song named <who says> by Selena Gomez, who is Justin Biber's girlfriend, which I love the best.
It's a beautiful song which has a large umbers of fans supposedly.
But it is diffrently from the others.
Intresting huh?
I'm going to my grandmather's house in the evening.
Tonight is one of those nigths where you are with your friends (who are dancing in front of you trying to have a good time), but you feel like you are missing something or someone. I just whant to share my thoughts. I hope tomorrow can be a beatter day.
And a suiside rate has been increasing in recent years.
So, the government needs to change the policy abpit worker's environment/ working environment.
Moreover, because of its efficiency and sonvenience, we use technology even if we can do without it.
And some traditional arts are in danger of disapprear because young people are less intersted in them.
Hello, Thank you for coming to my paqe and helping me correct my journal entry.
Then we sent retunable postcard to all of the 400 alumni, all men.
After making the postcards, it was time to enjoy the full moon in autum with good food and good music.
We grilled Saury on Shichirin, which are used for traditonal Japanese cooking of begetables, meat, fish, and other things.
I like cycling very mouch.
But of course people in the hypocenter got extremely damaged.
Usually, I should write Koji, but the American teacher at my university said I had better write Kohji if I went to USA or any other foreign country as the pronunciation of 'Koji' is more natural!!
Another perosn in the passport center told me that if I decide to use Kohji, I have to use it all the time from now on when I write my name.
I have asked my teacher friend how he uses potoshop to detate a backgrand.
yesterday my friend helped me to clearn my computer and delete the virus
After listenning to four announcements related to each of the pictures that were printed in your test book, you should select the right number, among four, that best describe them.
because I had imgined that ``to hang up`` was used for ``picking up a telephone``.
The torouble is that I often skip it in spite of knowing I should read.
I only played aboud thirty minutes, so I didn't sunburn, which is good.
He is tannning because he surfs every weekend.
Suprisingly, there were some people who were even suntanneder than him there.
I suppose they occured some trouble.
Just when I realized Nobember has started, it's already finished.
December starts tommorow.
sister also jioned the exam.
All her roomaters had
However, my seniormates (or upperclassmen) said it was just so so, obviously my seniors (or upperclassmen) had confidence in passing the exam,
He screemed because he wanted to sleep.
I am sure that this message is true because I had experieced this before.
Most families will watch special progrem for the Spring Festival on CCTV and chat together while waiting for the new year.
I nedd to wirte slogans for some of these products and services.
Write a sentence, [space] use comparision.
Recentry, my hair falls out very easily.:O!!
One way is from spring flowoers blooming.
Some sales clarks are very friendly in Japan, for example, at Starbucks, but they never joke around...
Ordinally, I go to a shopping arcade which connects with Shinsaibashi-suji shopping arcade. You can also say usually
My English probably has a lof of problems.
They are speaking, reading, writting and listening
Anyways, learing English is harder than I thought.
This time was the scound for me, It made me very relaxed and comfortable. Above all, the cost was reasonably priced.
I thought I am proud of him and that I am a very lucky mother because of I have a great husband and wondeful son.
The Olynpic have started!
Especially oral English and listenning.
I was very sleepy, but I didn't have any classes, so it's ok.
Because I just woke up, I'm really hungly, so I ate a lot of sushi.
This dvice enables people to have relationships with others all over the world.
But sometimes we don't care about a person actualy in front of us.
His looks as if he has no enthusiasm for enerything.
He wantted to sleep but he couldn't.
Ah, I'll go to Itary again someday.
I bought a video game ``assasin's Creed II`` for XBOX360.
The relationships are sometimes obsucure and many of them are formed impulsively, such as friendships and love relationships.
In cotrast, Facebook has succeeded in expressing them on the web.
The winter from the four seazons by Vivaldi is good
5 minuites after we had entered there, we had gotten sweaty in small steps.
I think that I can't sleep deeply becouse of the heat.
But I'm confused becouse learning Italian is reading Roman but English is not.
I'll resume studing Italian when I have made progress in English.
Today I found this language learnig site.
During this season, flowers come out sprendidly, and evrything starts.
I told to the participants about the folloing: [colon]
there are black and white pictures Merline Monro.
picture and in my favorite store, ``Bathroom graffity`` they sell
pictures of Merline Monro gnawing on her nails!
In 2005, there seemed to be lots of sightings of the bears in risidential areas around Japan.
As far as I'm concerned, they had been killed for nothing besides the safty purpose.
Some parts of them are edible and I don't know what to call it, but some of their organ seemed to be sold for expensive medicin.
The Argentinan football squad will come to Japan on Octobar 8th to play a friendly match.
The presale of the tickets began last week and I tried to get 2 tickets, but unfortunitley I coudn't get them.
The official salese of the tickets started at 10 o 'clock yesterday online.
There were so many people accessing the website that I could hardly access the parchase menu.
Filnaly, I could do it after a 20-minute effort.
I met many different peaple.
A couple of dyas ago, when I worked there, I happened to miss something.
Yesterday was very hot and very wetty.
I showed the pitures which we had taken in Korea.
So I have no conplaint about it...
exept the price.
Evryone have his/ her most dislike things.
For example, I extraodinarily dislike cockroaches.
Ich lernend Deutsch.
Oxygen itself is not combustible, however it is required for nearly all combustion as a gas that supports the combusion process.
But of course, while they were talking about their favorite topics, I couldn't follow them.
I hope this new job will be awsome and really nice...
This title is not a Dniel Powter's song (^ ^;).
My favorite is travelling, especialy going abroad.
We took a souna and had a body scrub and massage.
I found that laughing made the people opend their hearts.
Most of their storylines were like holiwood movies that I had seen before.
I have invested almost all of my assets in to stocks, maily Japanese stocks, but also those of emerging countries.
Then he will become a member of the Pharmaseutical industry in Japan, as well as myself.
He will ues English for his work too!
Essay... soulution to Overcome the Threat
I found that it is very good for eveybody who wants to learn a forigen language.
Secondly, I hane plans to deal them on a website.
As your guys see, I'm a bboy and I have gotten involved in this since I was 16.
At 29 years old, when I was working at a swimming pool as a part-time job, an elementaly school student said,
Yesterday, I applogized to my customers because I thought that
When I was in my undergraduate course, I took some classes on French, but I've fogoot most of what I learned unfortunately.
However, I always end up adjunting the batter many times by adding more milk and powder.
Two bags were discribed as ``purse``, aonother one was ``clutch`` and the last one was ``mini bag``.
Nevertheless, In many cases, exam questions are about complicated glammar points that never occur in daily conversation.
So this is the most exciting moment now that the sumer is getting closer and closer.
I ould have kept a dialy on this site every day..
I wonnt to get a high score in TOEIC or TOEFL.
``espesially`` long distance love.
So I'd like to keep the motivation and be able to communicate with a lot of foreignners.
But because I did not paticipate any organizations like Students 'Union, I get no extra credit.
I do not know whether to jion same activities or study much harder.
I didn't set my alerm.
Bacause I had parted (broken up) with my boyfriend.
Of cource there is a Japanese kind.
I especially like the curry in tailand.
And coconats milk makes the taste mild.
I will go snowboad this weekend.
Now, I am so into ``tomodcahi collection`` game on the DS.
The story was based on a true story regarding a Japanese young woman; she was a bride whose remining days amounted to only 1 month.
So Chie disappeard from his sight by herself.
But she felt shocked that the shape of her breast was cut off becuase of the operation.
Unfortunatelly the happiness didn't continue long.
Becuase Chie had cancer again.
Her doctor told her family and Taro that her remimng days was only 1 month or less than it.
So after crying I feel so sleeapy now...
I can't write sentence in English without ``Googl Translate``,_ and if I were to be speak English, I can't say practically anything.
but the day of the exam is approahing.
She got her driver's lisence about a half year ago and hasn't driven the car that much, but today, it was her third time to drive a long-distance
Then, she loked into the mirror, she checked that the left side was facing to her. If thats what you mean.
Then she was able to controle the car and (it/ everything) was back to normal.
It is so popular that you may have even seen it in Japanese TV programs (I. e. if you like Japanese amimes/ TV dramas).
minna san
dozou yoroshiku
It was shocking to see that dogs sre dyed black and white!
It's the story of the guy who want to be the king of pilates.
When she reads it, my wife is so consentrated that she neglects my calling...
I thoutht I had to ascertain whether the judgement of the Academy was reasonable or not, so I went to the theater.
However there were some unclear expressions about the Blitish Royal customs.
I thought Blitish is the Queen's kingdom because the Blitish national anthem is ``God Save the Queen``.
I've celebrated the Nular New Year for 3 days.
It's such a big holliday in Korea.
However, I don't understand why we should celabrate the Lunar New Year, cuz it would be better to celabrate the solar calendar.
I would like to execercise and live more fully, starting tomorrow.
Today I had a very funny nightdream with headcrabs (from the game half-life)! XD Very strange...
So I phoned her a couple minites ago.
To all the beautiful girls and boys or kind-hearted men and wemen,
I'm a sophemore student, and will be a junior student after the summer holiday.
I had an English conodversation class.
Such as, The Mentalist, CSI, Hawai 5O and of course Aghata Christies series (and novels).
I am writting a diary of the lang-8 community at first time.
for example, my major papers, and preparing for a test, I am especially preparing for the listening test and voca test.
Now, I'm studying English at my universiry's conversation club.
It was owesome.
Today, I ate lunch near my universary.
It was telibble!!
The Brihish meseum is famous all over the world.
The meseum is famous for art.
the meseum.
The man is very embrrassed.
He deldtes the picture from camera.
I found I must make an effort perticularly on listening.
After taking a college enterance exam, I felt relaxed.
Of course, who would study in this stuation?
I have some variations, Japanese taste, Tyland taste, Indian taste, and so on.
There was one time, a Nepali student in my class taught me how to make his coutry's curry.
He used many kibds of spices.
Moreover the doctor asked the man ``Do you like a gampling, driving a car at a high speed or spending a lot of time on women?``
Becaouse, this is my home twon and
Many hula dancers were dancindg on the stage.
I'm ecited!!
but first I will connntinue!
refrection.
I think It is important that you think about your lisner when teaching English or other languages.
I prefer exchanging on a regular basis, but irregualr pracitive is also welcome.
I'm intereseted in traveling ``.
So I want to be a travelor.
So now I want to be a parmasist.
I will earn money by working as a parmasist.
I'd love to anser your questions!!
It is four days long, and it is going to bigin tomorrow!
Yestarday I saw a very funny film about Bushmen.
Yestarday evening the film was successfully downloaded and I had a lot of fun watching this old movie.
I starded loving Bushmen even more-they are so smiley (informal), so naive.
It is about one Bushman who goes to ``the end of the Earth`` in order to get rid of a bad thinkg (a bottle of coca-cola) that has caused trobles in his tribe.
I can recommend ``God must be crazy`` for everebody who likes hoaxes, nature and old movies.
However I could buy the air cleaner for about 20000 yen at an Inernet retail shop.
At present, I have a number of aquantances but as for me, I have only one friend who can understand my thoughts fully and stay with me whenever I'm blue or down. Her name is XX, and she's my best friend.
Even now, I still remember exactly how I got accquainted with her.
It was a nice morning but unfortunately, I was late for the frist day of class.
My frist impression of her was quite great.
Morever, she also has white skin and thin lips.
And whenever I get into trouble and realling need a helping hand, she always stands by me and sincerely encourages me.
The extracts are used for cosmetics and others to protect from aging or rinkles.
But it is really difficult becouse NYU requieres a 85 score for TOEFL itb.
Recentry I haven't exercised, so I was really tired.
I also hope that I do not have to pay the twenty-pound reconection charge, as this whole situation is not my fault.
About 10 years ago, when I went to kindergarden or elementary school,
I qurrel with my freind.
Sometimes when I go to the hospital, the docter says I am going to give you medichine.
I bought a book ``foolish economy!``, whichi is a paper back pocket edition.
For a few days now I've really wanted to eat spagetti.
and I really likethat the design.
As you probably know we pronounce a word as we read it: in most cases there's a corrispondence between the sound of a vowel and consonant with its character/ letter.
The announcer was joking about our difficulty of pronouncing the name of this volcano, expecially after listening to its real pronunciation.
But the most groce, annoying thing is when he thinks he's mating with Boubika, iieuw!
It's just too groce and really annoying.
Boubika is too docile to grawl at Aristos, or just muster up the courage to bite his balls off!
The British English accent is easy to regonize for me.
``Gyaku`` means opposit.
As far as I can remenber, ``apple diet``, ``grapefruit diet,`` and ``boiled egg diet`` were once popular with the Japanese woman.
I don't know how to further explain my feeiling, so....
I have never learnd how to write Japanese.
Last Saturday my friends held a lunch party to celeblate my birthday.
My friends visited a soy soysause factory.
Street uses jumping landforms, riding on walls and gliding on the hand lails around the street during the competition.
During the school festival, I was in the haunted huse all the time.
So, I didn't wirte a diary about Jeju.
Reacentry I often go to school
On the other hand, the movie producer creat a way for readers to enjoy the atmosphere inside the book.
Thus, the moviemaker may rewrite the plot or even creat a surprise ending.
Yesterday was Saterday.
Generally, anytime I go out out, I always find something that makes me remember some unforgetable memory--or at least, it makes me think.
And when the trafficlight just remained 17 seconds, a begger passed by.
In his arms he was carring a doggy.
It was not strange because there are many (?) beggers in this town.
I was wondering why a begger would carry his doggy when he begs.
At that time, the trafficlight changed to green, and the begger did not have enough time to come to my where I was.
Well, I am not a studious girl, I cannot insisit on reading English everyday, even for 30 minutes.
I hate myself becouse I can't learn english.
I have already bought my flight ticket to go back to my contry.
I think Destiny's Child who split up in 2005 was the greatet girl's group.
As I mentioned in the privious message on this site, I've been practicing listening in English by listening to songs.
I think that the young people maybe can, but not the old eged people.
So, I deciderd to go back to America again someday!!!!!
Cathy asks Miss Isabella why she has this actitude towards her.
Miss Isabella confesses her love for Heathcliff and acuse Cathy of being a selfish thing for wanting Heathcliff for herself.
Mybe I can help you!
A chikin curry, I will make it!
I have been very busy and I haven't written on Lan-8 for several weeks because I had to write a article.
Can you view this website and write your dialy?????
Some of the them havewireless radios, motion sensors and touch screens and they each produce diffrent noises.
It can be true that we can cmanage everything with only a phone.
I think cooking is intereting, and I feel I can get relaxation from it.
He met, face to face, an unexpectd enemy, Ethan.
I think it is interesting because korea food doesn't use rice paper.
Recipe for Viernamese summer roll is that raise meat and various vegetable in rice paper and roll a rice paper.
I hate studying writing English or grammer etc...
In fact, I must take TOEIC test.
Even thouth Japanese people can't use garmmer correctly sometimes.
Espesially young people can't write right Jpanese sentences, I think.
There is a ``te-ni-wo-ha`` in Jpanese, that's how to connect nouns and vervs in Japanese.
So I suggest for foreginer don't mind such a thing, we can almost get it.
In addition, Jonas was a Yankee and hated all Southernors.
As I can see in this school, nobody is interested in foreing languages including the teachers.
I ordered vegitable curry which twelve kinds of vegitables were included in it.
but now I find it difficult to speak English influently, and to listen to others speak English.
I think this is Asian caluture.
I want to know when thay call a teacher, how do they call them?
Please reffer to
Seeing so many forigners can learn Chinese which is already a hard language, I think I should word hard too.
At lunchtime, Yoshinoya is usually crouded with many businessmen.
However, I don't play anymore becouse I got a referee license 9 years ago.
I get to meet a lot of diffrent people and to be at many games.
Today is remarcable for me because we planted a tree with my boys.
How I wish to make our city beutiful and green as a fairytail.
My efforts are awkard and shameful.
In my opinon, ttipping is unnecessary.
We should make people happy even if they dontn't tip.
In Japan, if you go to a restraunt and you have a good time there, you can go there again and again.
What they lose is each other's trust and valuale friendships.
I laughted when I heard this.:p
Graduates of other colledge or universities are not welcome.
Personally, I like being in the atomosphere of celebrating April Fools 'Day.
However, I hate being teasted by my close friends for no reason.
Each of us hate to be teasted by others.
There is only one hoildy in the year so get ready for a fun and interesting April Fools 'Day.
I thought that the flower school was a solem place.
Thank you for correctings.
Her abirity makes me change my heart.
She doesn't only have Grammer skill but also writing poem skill.
Because since I havebeen been here, I never use my own car.
I expecially like ``Venus``.
Although my youger sister loves Maru more than I do, Maru always goes in my room.
Just trying this webside.
She told me she has not talken to her father for more than a year.
Is it a big deadl?
The way of my shopping has been convenient, meanwhile ever sinse the international company came to Japan, many local bookstores have gone out of their business.
I'm a little collecter of My Little Pony figures, and I love toys and all stuff from Hasbro.
inc which is a toy campany like ``Little miss no name``, ``Wuzzles``, ``Rainbow brite``, ``Popples``, and ``Care bear``.
of MLP figures are still nice, but I'm not atrracted to them so much..
I love toys and characters in the westeren style.
this is becasue of the defference in the network system and/ or the business custom in the cell phone business in Japan.
He was very cheerful, active and having a great talk, which entertained his greatparents very much.
I really enjoyed this moment. I feel very luky.
In Japan, having a gun is extremely unnormal thing.
Today's ivent.
When we judge our times as good or bad, we can't know untill the end.
I work at the customers 'company with my collegues.
the customers strated using it.
If my guess is right, in other words, can I replace ``best regards`` with ``all the best`` in the furture?
Lately I have been staying up late (late at night) to prepere for the tests
It's been ove 10 days since I wrote my last entry.
It was reall funny and interesting.
His name is Paul, and he is certainly Canadian because I cann see him on a webcam.
That's also why this class is relatively expensive altough I only take it once a week.
He told me that ``V`` is a drama about ailen and really interesting. (is ``is`` in this sentence correct?
I did not sleep too much becaues I was trying to find them.
Because my MacBook's battery was not charged accidentaly, I went to a Apple store in Ginza, Tokyo.
Hence, for peoole coming from different countries, the Narita Airport is more famous
In recent years, the voluntaristic spirit has spread among the Chinese people, especially among youngesters.
Without them, it would be a tough task to hould this un-precedent Olympic Games.
English begginer
Now I'm planning to take a trip to the Phillippin because it's warm there and I'll be able to practise English with the Phillippin.
And I must ask my pearents.
She's going to Indonasia with her husband.
In Taiwan, Christmas is a festival that we celebrate with our firends or lover, not family.
I think a plan is fiding a part-time job where I can live in the work place and get meals from the work place so that I won't spend money on rent and meals.
So, she chose this chekered fabric.
I can hopely exchange with many people.
The supermaket is named ``FOOD ONE``, one of the cheapest supermakets around.
For example fruits, such as Oranges or Grapefruits, are importted by USA or South Africa.
Meets and Fishes is importted from the USA or China.
The purpose of this year is lerning english.
Today I got up early to eat brefrest.
I always get up late in the winer
Besides today, the two things are to do the winer vacation work.
I am determined to write English everyday, so I try to write in My Journal everyday exept when I can't do it.
I got to know a lot of my future calleague there.
Then I noticed that the department I am suppoed to join is (somewhat) smaller than the other departments.
The news really shoked me!
Then, my college cannceled the enrollment ceremony due to the big earthquake.
Now, I will study fot the test (TOEIC) on this sunday.
When he was sent to the hospiltal for his serious disease which was caused by his unlimitied smoking and drinking,
He decied to quit smoking and drinking......
But after about one or two years later, he beagin his ugly behariover again!
but he did not even care and contine smoking..
and recently he was attratied by lottry..
you will never win when you play such games with goverment!
And with the bad effects of such lifestyles, he cannot contrl his emotions sometimes!
sometime I think his empor is out of hand!
he even roard at home..
but if this kinda situation contiune.....
It's hard for me to get up eary morning.
I am now woking in a foreign trade comany. I have to talk with my customers in English all day
Any topic is ok.
We had a ncie day.
The gugle satellite took a photo of something which is almost 30m long and looks like a snake.
They aren't sure if it is a real snake, but it is highly possiblility.
I think that there are many misteries in the world.
There is a very interesting mith in my town also. Two hundred years ago, a wise buddhist priest who can see the future told that my town would be destoryed by a huge flood.
It was just a mith befor one statue was founded.
However, we had a really big flood after that, so many dwellors pushed him to bury it.
It is a very intresting miths to me.
Scince I entried a college, I don't have much time to study.
more than 10 years have passed scince I graduated university with a degree in English.
However, after graduation, I never really got the chanses to use much English.
The tyhpoon has passed, and the weather is really nice right now.
The new staff said, the other staff members taught her a diffrence way to do something.
All of these are good methods to ease strss.
Although we know taht is not good for the Earth.
Please tell me some other good short sentences for use when prizing.
Even after he went back to Sweden, he contiuned to study Japanese.
from different contries also loved Japan!!!!
Our appearence is given to us by our parents, and it is what we differs from others and it tells us who we are.
Life is short, and we shoud use it to pursue the most important and valuable thing----a beautiful heart.
Now, I have become accutomed to working in Tokyo, I think I'll try to resume this dairy.
I alomst havd no time to relax myself...
For instance, a hair designer would start learning to be a make-up designer, an animation professor would change his major to be a biology professor and a bus driver would start selling motocycles.
First, let me intrduce myself.
But it costs 4 times more than the oringinal one.
that one second isnn't a second at all.
I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what hanppened to me,
> ~ <) In love, I've been passive excepet for one slightly unhappy experience.
As we always say, money can't buy hapiness.
I've always been envious of people who have charming looks and perfact bodies.
Just at the moment when we arrived at the doormitory,
The wallet contains (contained) as much as 1000 yuan, which had disappearanced just in several minutes.
What's worse, he wil be faced with even more pressing economic problems (during) the next two months.
Before then, I was a student and usually got up at about 9 a. m. When I arrived at my school, it was often abaout 9: 30 a. m.
Althoug, these days, I usually get up before 7 a. m. Working changes one's life style.
How diffcult! I used to think it was easy.
It is beacause I want to learn about international politics at my university, but I am worried about my future.
For me, that way is realy helps me to understand english.
Also, correct/ proper gramer.
actually I started using this site ealier..
kinda polite sentenses!?
or dournal?!
I think it's quite similar to japanease mixi..
Just look straigh at the future and overcome challenges that we have to face.
I'll introduce to you my favolite tools.
First, Lang-8 of cource.
Now I am reading The Mistborn Triology.
I would like to make a cofession.
And other lenguage....
For these reasons, the newspaper says the younger they start learning a second langage the more such classes will exercise the effect.
Above all of this, William, the student, was kind to us and handsomelooking.
Now a lot of words come to mind, but I can't expresse myself because of my low English level.
Enghlish occupies a very impotant position in Korea.
I joined an English class after work on Thersday and after the lesson students got together.
Every year, we drink that after we visit a shrin,
Finaly he said to me ``we have diffrent thinking because we aren't the same nationality.`` I feel really angry because he doesn't try to understand my thinking.
One of them is going to hve a match this weekend.
Last weenend
In my daugter's class, there is a boy who can't walk by himself.
When the boy's group finished, he teied to sit down on his chair, but he fell down again and again.
I wanted to help him, but I thouht I was little too far frm the boy and there were many other mothers or fathers near the boy.
Finaly, a girl helped him.
See you tommorow;)
Hi everybody, I'm Vietnamese and I want to study Enghlish. I want to make friends with you, will you help me?
In the last bar he went to, there was an accedent.
Last night he was interviewed by the TV station and he appologized for his recent behaver to Kabuki fans.
I was surpried becuase I was not that close to that friend. So how was my friend able to smell my hair even though even I couldn't smell it?
It is good thing that karaoke is comunication tool.
In short, I imagined a relaxed life, but my life is tottally different from
I like to see out from the window when it's rainig, but I can't see out from my office,
I watched AVATA with my friend but we wanted to see the 3D film.
From now on, I would like to write a entry on a dayly basis.
I really apreciate if you are able to correct my entry.
The theory itself is debatable and the so-called proof is generated from archeological excavations.
I was so surprised and on a high 'cause it was really unexpectable!
Sudenly, they asked me to do them a favor and call a worker in a ministore nearby.
They wanted to buy some cigaret and a moment after I walked out of the store and I became angry because I saw my girlfriend crying beside the car.
First in The Hours, making a complexe and poetic recontruction of Virginia Woolf last days, combined with the lives of another women who, although they were not marvel writters as Virginia, they have the same feeling of anxiety and fear, the feeling of being prisioners in a society which was not sensible enough to understand them.
I'm a secreaty.
I'm going to get her a birtday present.
On the second day, I might go to AKITA with one of my myfriend.
Every year my children ask me the questions concerning the Holocost in the Memory day.
Yesterday they asked me how could it happen that millions of peple followed the words of one-Hitler.
I told them about the phenomen of the leader in society.
I told tham about the totalitarian way of state.
By the wey..
I'm looking forward to paticipate in the X 'mas party with my friends.
Becouse in the party we exchange our presents with each other.
I go out and drink somewhere almost every night and immedeately I go to bed when I get home.
However, in my heart, I want to decrease my spare time and I want to do things that will give me more benefits, not only financial benefit, but olso friends, talents, and a peace of mind...
I also wish the foreign friends who are living in China can enjoy the spring festival with our Chinaese people.
Now I think I need to ungerstand men more.
Suddenly, she relized her cell phone had been stolen.
In the WHO's releas, the president of the American red cross board, Bonnie McElween-Hunter, highlighted that ``the credit of this success is deserved by the thousands of heath worker volonteers of the Red Cross and Red Crescent organizations who had taken the time to be informed, to raise awarness and motivate the mothers and the family circles as to the critical importance of the children's vaccination.
Ocarina concert at the Japanese-stle hall
This was sixt time we performed there.
I remenbered something writing just now.
Yesterday I went to my favorite live-music pub in Sinjuku after my church visit.
My home town is not in the country side but it is still inconvinient.
If I can et really big money, I'll go abroad to see world heritages.
They all said that we have to save money to have a memorable cellebration party.
So, I'd like to deposite money to have big party of my own ^ ^
The Chinese Ministry of Education wants to change the writing of 44 Chiness characters, according to news.
The Hallween Party!
Even when we are asleep together in bed, she does cnstantly even when I don't want her to.
I love her so storongly.
I'm a big fan of se7en, who is a korean singer and has become well-known thoughout Asia in the past few years.
He advanced his carrer to the US but it was waste of time.
Additionaly, the time when he spends with his family is the most important for him.
because tomorrow is Chuseok holidaay in korea.
It's a good tool to study anothor language.
Bacause before, I had the wrong sentence: ``How do you think?``
From this experience, I have decided to correct Japacese for those who are studying the language and make mistakes!
At his last visit to the pediatrician in order to get vaccinated, this latest gave us some advices on ``weaning food`` which are contradictory to those given by the Korean pediatrician!!
Izakaya is Japanese whitch means tavern in English.
They heve one price, unlimited drinks system so I drank beer first and Sake next.
and, I'll meet wonderful peaple.
AD tells me that I must make my dream come ture.
Yestady was my friend's birthday.
We ated from the chaffing dishes. Every one of us was happy.
Even though the activcty were over, we were still drinking.
eventually, I wesh my borther to have a nice future and a happy birthday!
I have nothing to do all day long except daze quietly and daydreming.
Damn, I couldentn't find one word to describe what I have done with my life these days, such BAD luck, keep bad hours everyday and achieve nothing.
The next morning, I woke up from the dream to the electorical alarm clock.
I study in The University of Engineering and Technology (College of technoloy-Coltech).
We live in Nam Thanh Commune, Nam Truc Distrct, Nam Dinh Province.
I came accross these pictures while arranging the folders in my computer.
If you haven not wathched this movie I reccomend that you also watch this movie.
How beautifui a scenery! Do you feel the same way?
Come on! My dear friends! I I guess some of you `re studys
Einlish is very hard.
At laste, I know horror movies could make me have nightmares.)
OK, I will prepare myself and start again from an optmistic attitude.
During college, I knew of verious senses of value and culture.
A custom may be reasonable in some countries while it isn't reassonably in Japan.
I want to learn the cluture (and customs) of foreign countries.
Time limit is only 1 month, I am so nurves,,,,
Tommorrow I should write my dairy early so that I don't go to bed late.
Ohaiyo gozaimasu-Good morning
Komba wa-Good evening
I will practic magic.
When I was a university student, my proffecer told me that my pronunciation is dreadfully poor.
I had nothing to do except laghing. (HAHAHAHA...)
Sometimes, I talk with one of my friends, who speaks English very fruently.
As ou know, Windows 7 was released today.
My friend told me that I can borrow her custume for Halloween.
Plactice Test
According to the digram, children in some countries help with their parents well while other don't do.
Though it was truly a parrot, the conbination with the tree was nice.
Today I went to a kimono shop with my mother because I intend to wear it to my friend's weddding party.
Japanease people don't have many chances to wear it.
I have worn it once at the coming of age celemony.
I am worring about it..
First part in chapter one, ``Create a Pwrsonally, Professionally, and Financially Rewarding Career Doing What You Love``.
We talk to each other about our culture, food, clouthes and building in the past in our own country, and we try to compare between our cevilisation.
We also talk about politics, sport, and trying to khnow what is new in arabic coutry (because we are both arabic).
I can read (though I sometimes need to use a dictionary) easy English but it's difficutle to write in or speak English.
And now, I want to begin learning English carefuly.
``I Call It Love`` by Lionel Richie is one of my favorit songs recently.
Every time I threw hursh remarks to him, he accepted them all and kept on being sincere and sweet, except for my one word.
Some people I know said that he is talking to me, because he wants a parmanent visa.
He got furious about it and then said ``Foget about me.`` I strongly regretted about what I'd done to him and appologized to him.
Needless to say, broadcaster's speach is amusing.
Is it famous in your contry?
And I got conecter with iPod:)
I couldntn't write down here my ideas..
Japanese citizens were stupid as well, and they kept believing in thier cruel dictators until the end of WW2.
In short all aspects of Japanese culture such as journalism, philosopy, scientific techniques, educational systems and freedom of speech were completely immature at that time.
So Japan's completedefeat in the last world war was inebitable.
Oh, I forgot to explain about this movie and this usless battle ship. This usless battle ship sank in Okinawa with all its poor soldiers in 1945.
a battle scene was good but the other senes were boring.
But I listen to a various music, Pop, R& B, Hiphop, Blues, Countly, Reggae....
But we can only chang new cellphones the day you bought them.
There are many plase to go.
I'm looking forword to going there.
Novemver comes in one week.
Last Sunday I had the Toeic test and it was not quite good as much as I expacted and even after having this test, I lost my self-confidence about my English.
I know I am verr lucky, furthermore owing to everyone's help.
I mean, I'm so scared. I want to be a teacher, but I feel nervous. I am worried about not being able to provide the adequate instrucion, and I'm scared of not being good enough for my students.
Does this soud familiar to you?
In Japanese, there are meny many words wich are used only by man men and only or women.
Some oversea studnets who really want to stay here have alredy found internships, but I am still struggling with my search though I am almost to the end.
Recentry, I've been really tired.....
I like the sitcom because it is realitic and the characters are so lovely.
I've seen many movies that Jeneffer has participated in.
Todey's Lunch
I read a news site and the news site says that there wewe five hundred
It is so interseting for foriner. My friends are foriner so I think that they will be interessted in that.
Our city held the coming of age ceremonies yesterday insted of today.
My parents bought my frisode (long sleeve kimono) for me.
That early morning, I went to the beauty parlor, and I had my hair set and wore the frisode.
Good mowning!
On Saturday I went to Edinburg for a vacation.
english is not bad, but tiping is really hard TT
It is very confortable to speak Japanese withont any stress and I am quickly drifting away from English.
I am doing my best to recoll things about the pharmacy.
Occupation: univercity student
Finaly, I got my new driver's license.
creazy?
It's already midnigt.
It is so noizy.
Sometimes my frinend and I go the supermaket to buy some sort of japanese snack to go with our beer,
I've got it all under countrol though.
This is about educatioin, and I want you to correct it.
For example, in en elementary school, you can learn the way of comunication not to mention studying, and you can learn to cooperate with your friends in a junior high school and high school.
I think the tewm is a very important time for us, because you can find yourselfe. What is your dream, your thinking, your position and your best friend, through othere people.
(in anothere words, the people who don't know how to comunicate with othere people)
Bcause I do not have a bad case of acne.
When I speak English, it takes a lot of time to come up with right words so I guess I shold train my English so as to speak instantly.
If his grandfather could eat a piece of memory toast which contains the memoey of Peter, his grandfather and he could chat to each other as before.
why did Paku Yonha commite sucide??:(
and he said that he really wantted to meet his Japanese fans.
On the first day we went on an excurcion to/ in the Kremlin.
May 7th We went on an excurcion to the city.
Suddenly, the bus driver hollered at me and said ``Congrandulation to you!`` and kept explaining to me while I just try to figure out it as I woke out of my dream.
I just want to write sth in English.
and was mostly restting.
So, we went to a zoo, and ther was a cheetah, which is my brother's favorite animal
and ther was a zebra, which is my favorite animal.
then I can go to a Japanese colleage or graduate school.
I watced ``The Sixth Sense``.
Yesterday, I watced ``The Sixth Sense`` on TV.
Since it was something misterious, I was caught up in the story in a moment.
I love watching the TV proglam!
I guess it is going to be a white Christmas tomarrow.// URL
Happenning!!
The piano priced $ 130 seems to be accuate to a beginnner like me.
I can connet a headset to it and play silently.
I appriciate them.
But a lot of people like too shopping there because it has a lof of things to buy. When I was younger I liked to go shopping at Sapan. They are open every day and all night, except Wennesday. They have a lof of dresses.
In the Bangkok we have lof of supermarkets too,
such as The Lostus, Big C, the mall, Centrel, Careful, Slam, Centrel World, etc.
I live in Hokkaido, which is in the northen part of Japan.
An auncle, as well as my cousin and his wife (last month of pregnancy) was there.
Supermerkets.
Supermerkets in Australia are far larger than those in Japan.
I feel happy as inported foods are so useful (?) such as anchovies, beetroots, fresh mushrooms, etc.
I couldn't get information about the tyhoon from my TV.
It is prety good.
I want to write a new dialy but I'm so sleepy...
so I created an account and now I use this servis.
but guraduately I could handle and enjoy it.
I have been so tierd since last night.
Bringin back 4 chairs was so tiering.
I think the new Singapore Presidnt will be elected today.
The cafe makes a ``hanmade pork cutlet``.
So they depended on their relatives, but they teated them very bad. So the brother
his sister all the time, up untill she died.
I plan to go to South Africa with some Americans, and Brithsh in February.
My friend told me I can use omegle to chet with foreigners.
Actually, My mejor was computer science.
First, I want to study Englsih and then get a job.
ocassionally, you may grow very tired and frustrated.
This is an open-air bath at the alcony in the room where I stayed.
Because I felt very sleeply and the wind was so strong.
Voice phishing is the ciriminal act of using a telephone to obtain financial gain.
And amazingly, many people become victioms of their scams.
It was intertesting, and we all enjoyed it.
when I smelt somothing burning.
So I looked over my shouldar to find my favorite
my favarite blanket burning a lettle and fire was about to happen.
but after the happening white smake lay around in my small room,
Podcasts are amaging!!!
The title looks like it has a special meaning, but acutually it has none.:p
So, starting with an easy question; What do you think about lerning languages?
I have a plan to stay in USA next year, it'll be the most owesome time of my life!
First I watced ``The Blind Side``.
It was at midnignt and so I recorded it on my DVD recorder instead of watching it.
(I'm sorry this site is writen only in Japanese.)
Well, thanx for reading!!
My English teacher in Japan reccomended me to study for IELTS before for staying in Canada.
However it's not nessesary for me to take it now for either school or immigration.
However, I cannot speak English well or understand talk among native speakers beacuse it's too fast.
So, somehow I try to listent to their lines, but it's too difficult.
I drank alcohol which name is Soju (kind of Korea vodca) last night!
In the past three mounthes, I had to join in my company for practices.
It is realy suited for me.
I mean, English is sproken all over the world.
Becouse, I don't like carrying around an umbrella.
The orijinal is a manga written by Shotaro Ishinomori.
I haven 'tbeen back to Japan since December 2008 so I was so excied about seeing my parents, younger sister and friends.
I stayed my paerents house and had really good time.
But actually I found this system very attractive because when people study a sencond language, it would be a great support if their writing were checked by native speakers.
I am so apprecitated about the fact I had preapared TOEFL because it gave me many valuable experiences in Reading, Speaking, and Writing,
Without TOEFL's experience, socre, and training, I could not get those jobs in just two weeks.
The university entrance mark will come out! I am nerverse because (I don't think) I (will) have a good mark.
Vocubulary section's results
Mispronunciation or Mispelling-19%
Actually, appropriateness and relevance as separate categories are kind of reductant.
The bridegroom was the guitalist of my band, the bride was a staff member, and I was the vocalist.
I want to send cristmas card to my friend.
I heard that a lot of Finnish like Robert's coffe. Is it ture?
Happy cristmas!
I am sometimes in a bad condition myabe because of my unbalanced diet.
And then, at about 11: 30, my mom and I went to Waikiki to go shoppin and eat lunch.
Mybe one day, when I start working, I will use it. If I give it up now, someday I could regret it. So, keep at it and don't give up!
That said, I absolutly have to clean it up before October, because next year I goin to my third year of University. My program is called ``Arts and Technologies of the Image``.
I'm realy happy!!
I have reseved a mail from my friend in Korea.
I mailed her that I worte Korea.
She was so surpriesed!!
Aomost 6 months
Can I speak English very well with foreighn?
Most westen people have long arms, legs and big hips.
I have a plan for leran English
Frist, study grammar, second, read anything in English, third, see a kid's movie repeatedly, fourth, write a diary.
I remember especially the english exam. paticular the composition which asked us to write about a hot pot. God, I just wonder that there are how many Chinese guys that eat with foreigners.
In fact, when I went to Canada last summer, there was many kinds of Englis because there're many immigrations and foreign students like me.
What I have to do is simple-put the clothes and detergent into the proper places in the machine, switch on some bottons and then hang the clothes in the sun.
Through this inccident I learned that we mustn't leave clothes outdoors when we go out, even thoguh the possibility of rainning is less than 30%.
Now we know they are peaceful speacies in general. ``
I was moved by the ceremony and I am surprised at the things that vaorious countries take part in in the Olympics, even regions without snow.
I was given souveniors from the Olympics.
Even so, I should have kept practicing English writting.
I only stayed there ond day or two day long.
I don't like ECC's reading mehod.
(It's not contenuous.)
The word SOHO, which is an acronym for Small Office Home Office, has become familiar sinse the Internet has become prevalent in society.
Recently Japanese sewing companies are having trouble surviving because of low pay, lack of workers (especially young generetions), and so on.
They can use Chinease trainees with cheap wages since the middle of last year.
Naturally enough, they have not been able to employ the Chinease workers at such a low cost.
The Japanese government changed the minimum wage for foreing trainees.
At tha time I didn't want to cry, but I couldn't stop my tears.
On the other hand, social enterprises can obtain funds regularly because they are run through the business mothod.
I have been studying English, sinse I'm junior high school student; but, I can't speak English.
At last I found a shoese store.
I uesd to like partying and things like that, but not any more ~ ~ because lately every time I have been to one there is always some dirty secret for me to find out.
I'm trying to be a good girl ~ `not saying bad things bihind other people's backs ~ ~ but I always break my promiss ~ ~ girls are all about gossip I guess> <
But now I realise how much happiniss I have missed during the period when I was dying to grow up.
My favorite fruit is the peach because of its scent, juice, and sweety taste.
The travelling time was more than 2 hours by car, especially because it was the first day of a three-day weekend (Jul 18 is a national holiday in Japan, Marine day) and there was a lot of trafficky.
Fortunatelly, there have been no injuries reported so far even though 21 fire engines gathered and were fighting the fire for 7 hours.
I will write an orizinal story.
Because I nealry have a test.
I write mistery, series....
I was concertrated on wacthing the fight. Every time a round ends her job is to walk around the octagon with the round board. Then she walked around the octagon and she blew a kiss at the cameraman before returning to her seat.
I went to the university's hospital even though today was Saturday because our doctor told all the members of ou team to go.
We attended the morning conference and had short lessons from doctors, and had my instuructive doctor check my patient's report.
The messages said that my card's number corresponded to the card company's one, so they canceld my orders.
I hava a bad memory.
Recently I'm trying to select English-speaking ones, beacause I can study English while watching them.
The advantage is that I can watch it again and again, study natural dialogue, and for better or worse, learn some slungs that I wasn't able to study at school.
Russian is a wondervoll language because the sound when you speak is great.
But I don't like the votings, because the politic sythem is awul.
I mean tracking (change pages) speed were slow and someteimes errors occurred.
So I will wtite a diary about English Writing at Lang-8.
But they are definately not.
We are all Japanese habitants, so we must share the pain and the goal to overcome this crisis.
How can I relex my mood?
farst day
Intereview 1
Hello teachers on the interenet.
But I have to take an intereview to go-which will surely be a hindrance for me.
The following are some of the questions I will face in the intereview.
I have put a lot of effort into the past 3 years to learn English languag.
This included payingful a private tutor, taking English radio
progurams, listening to pod-casts and using lang-8.
The skills I'll obtain will help me to faciliate meetings with foreign organizations.
A Tyhoon will come to Japan...
This tyhoon is so strong according to the weather forecast.
Helll.
When I saw the characters being chased by a big firce bird and flying about among the trees, it strongly reminded me of a scene from Nausicaa, a Japanese anime, where humans were chased by huge insects in a poisonous wood.
In order to make the flash work, I didn't have a afternoon nap, but I debugged it after I finished it, it still didin't work.
I toally failed.
I must practice English skil.
I was suprise at how much water we use.
From now on I will care about how much water or any kind of enagy I use.
I want other people to care about enegy.
We know that any kind of enegy is limited but many people pretend to not notice.
If someone has a good idea that saves enegy, please let me know!!
does it all make sence?
Therefore, that is cheap but the shop warker made a mistake.
He gave me a warkman with speaker and cable!
Eventually, I bought a warkman and speaker 6000yen.
There were many beachgore on the Zushi beach today.
I think that writting skills of any language are very important since you try to use the grammar and vocabularies correctly when you are writting, that is also a key to influence your spoken languages.
Many celeblities have the same one.
It is a very sunny day today, unfortunatelly, the weather forecast saids that it will be crowdy and rainy in Hiroshima tomorrow.
Althogh Mother helped me, it still took 1 and a half an hour to put it on.
I offen call China's embassy,
My little sister actually had to study for an exzamination.
She started working earyer than when I got my part-time job.
The Majoriy of them in the west part of Japan are known as kuma zemi (means bear cicada).
Many people that live in the east part of Japan don't know it and are suprized that it is so loud.
Because, I went to a restrant with a discount ticket!
Then I went to another restrant and (I) drank some liquor.
So, I restart studing!
I'm woke up too late this morring, so I can't sleep now.
That's why I have felt abnormal about this summer's climinate in Japan.
Please tell me howe to write in English well.
DoAre you interested in becoming Language-Partnaer?
I want continue my study at unefersete, but I am affraid that I did not do good on my exams.
As you may know, wetbacks are Mexican and they enter America as illegal immigrtants.
80 persent of illegal immigrants are from Mexico and the other 20 persent is from Latin America, India, Brazil, and Chaina.
The picture below are coffirs.
The main reason is to get a job, earn money, and support thier family.
Teenger Sayra lives in Honduras.
Her faether in the America is deported back to Honduras.
That's why the farmer lose thier jobs and go to America.
If global warming become worse than it is now, the production of corn will decrease 48 persent.
One of my friends told me that the thing that you do not want to do is often the very thing that you need to do if you are atriving for success.
celebrationg grandad and grandma.
However, it is difficult to creat anything that doesn't look like a blog.
I'd appreciate it if you would corret this.
Which sentenses is better???
It reminded me of my baloons and how they used to fly in the clear skies.
This is because there are many high school student who are studying in the libraly, so there are no seats left.
I found the below canpain.
If I get this money, I'm want to make a piramid of hambergar.
Hallo! Nice to meet you!
They stay at my schoo and then tomorrow they'll come to my house.
This song is one of my favourtie.
When you are lonley, I'll be your friend.
Today was the first time I have listend to this song in ages.
I learned many things from him: Korean, Korean musuic, Korean culture and so on.
Last night I haven't slept, because my nighbour has tourned his music sooo loud..
It make me agressive because he ist a Nazi-.-*
I wante to learn about new computer technology and make it.
When I went to a restaurant and orderd a Coke, the waitress could not understand my English.
The restaurant was built as a place for disbaled people to work.
Most beauiful place
But temparature has been below 10 degrees.
Some people say that it takes a pretty lonf time to be good at English, but I don't think so.
I wasn't ready to speack any English when I got the U.
Today, I bought Kimchi at a Korean maket on Geary street. There was something wrong with the bus that I took coming back to my house.
Shoul I have got in a taxi?
I believe we can reconstract the devastated areas.
I have made my son who is 10 years old learn to playing violine for two years, because my son was always just watching TV in his free time, and because I have good memories of learning to play the flute.
At that time, my city carried out a plan to make this regeon active using music, and junior orchestra club was organized as a part of the plan.
The city prepaired many musical instruments, and rents them to children for about 45 dollers per year.
A private music school also got angry with it as competition with their business, and the school director blamed it in teir homepage.
In my son's case, the most difficut thing about it is putting off attluctive TV and making time for a lesson.
He often frauns when I say ``Let's begin music time!``
I traveled and worked in Australia for 10 months 2 yaers ago.
It is not a very toching story but I have watched the series since I was 10 years old, so it made me cry! LOL
I will definatley come back to this beautiful country again!
I am going to find a goot teacher and take some lessons.
I want to communication with people from defferent cultures and countries.
When I read the newspaper this mornimg, I saw an article about the
(I Attacheed the article in Japanese)
so that I get ascore of 800 on TOEIC.
I think that I will enjoy myself more if I learn the culure and the history before traveling to the place. So I am going to learn the culture and the history of Hawaii from books and/ or websites before visite it!
I try to read newspaper, some business magazines and website articles to inprove my English skills.
But it's too dificult for me!!
SO, it took more than 30 mitutes to read just one areticle.
I don't think I can read that articles in the nere future...
It's easy to read and I can learn some usuful phrases.
Besides that, it still has an antique little trian.
And Ilike music, hip hop music.
So please make me your freinds!!
I think that Japanese people, of course incuding me, difenitely lack exposure to real conversation in English. This is in spite of the fact that most Japanese students usually study English for more than 6 years at school which is a form junior high school to a college.
After all, the mojority of Japanese people can read English to some extent but most can never speak it.
I recieved a picture of my female friend.
She is twlve years old.
So, I have to learn obout manegement a buniness.
But I enjoy the challgenge.
I've experienced a roling power outage tonight for the first time.
I want to improve my abilty to make a sentence.
Has your father visited a lot of coutries?
Hasn't your father visited a lot of coutries?
My favorite person is Ichoro Suzuki.
Bcause he is a dream maker.
Here we have a very large Russian speaking community (appr. 1 million, we have onlye 4. 5 mln peple in Israel in all).
But our habbits and menthality keep us together.
First dialy in English
Today, I am writing a dialy in English.
And at the time American ppl said '' Yah-!!
It's about the fanous historic detective BaoZheng.
He was bery kind and helpful towards the common/ ordinary people and detected? (resolved)? many complex problems.
Today I sined up to this site.
I can check your dialy written in Japanese.
I wanto to help you, and
I am suposed to attend one of my co-workers wedding.
I thinkh has nice character and is a well rounded person.
When he anounced his wedding we blushed out of shyness.
And I will tell you what had happend at the event later, maybe it will be on Monday.
This sait is diffrent.
public or private, from primary school to junior high, hischcool to college, and university.
This is my first dialy on Lang-8!
Today, I serfed the Internet as usual.
I think it is important for me to write in English to learn correct grammer.
So, from today, I will try to write a dialy in English every day.
When I entered my office I found mony on the ground and I picked up it.
I was at a loss whitch to bring it to the police station or bring it to my office's director.
After a while director said to me ``The money's owner was founnd and he said to thank you for it.``
I tought to myself, ``I did a good job``.
What should I do when I feel life is treating me unfairy?
But there is no softs at my house.
During winter vacation I will buy softs and go back home.
They made announcements about Lion (Mac OS), iOS5 and iColud, as reported in various articles.
A film called ``The Stoning of Soraya M.`` has sturred controversy.
Top Seles
Hello. This week my classe begin.
I am studyng to enter college, and it requires a lot of preparation, so I have to study hard.
They give relief supplies and money and run relief operetions for victims.
I wondered if I could do anyting for them, so I went to the Japanese association to give a donation for them on the weekend.
I want to express an appreciation for the many people who help the victims in Japan, becouse I think they give a wish and courage to victims in Japan to live a positive life.
Everytime, when I clean my room I was angry about why I have so much hair and why they can't stop droping.
A Welcom Party
Some people treat animals as objects and use them on a great scale since it can possibly maxmise the benefits for human beings.
because my favarito lady is taiwaneise
we talke in English.
The LUMIX Phone is great because the camera is very high quality, as high as a normal digital camera. It also has seg, which notifies me of severe weather, such as an earthquake.
It was a very actual theme because almost every person today has a personal accaunt in some social web.
Every time whren I am given a topic and asked to talk about it, I find it is hard for me to arrange my thoughts: what are the issues in the topic, what to write first, how to develop it, and how to conclude it.
Althought I see the many books about how to write essays, it remains a problem.
After the younger guy left the bathroom, he went in the bathroom, but he had been in the bathroom about 15 mitutes, so there were a few people who were waiting for him.
I'm maiking a movie to teach the idiom ``come clean``.
Plese check it!
A: I saw You and Kana thare, ``come clean``.
It is a short-haired cat and has a bright braun color hair.
Furthermore the climat of our room became more favourable and calm.
In short, I think there is a big difference between guys 'disire and girlss desires...
Acording to the book, love often increases, but lust just decreases.
Jon always teases me that my Enlgish is regressing.
And, I want to buy the lastest by ``ONE PIECE``!
I have two elder brothers and one litlle brother.
I read an article about The karete Kid
I have watched The karete Kid 12, 3
By the way, I'm starting this dialy to study English.
But I'm very relieved bacause the mistake was not correct.
I cleaned my house. My bedrom was dirty.
I don't wanna look like a wierdo.
The thing that I will never forget is that an old geezer talked to me even though I had another custormer, and he didn't leave the store at once.
Tourists can enter limited areas inside the mosque, even not isram believer.
It was a drink that I had not known before coming to singapopre.
It's unhealthfulness.
Then they cleaned up the nusery.
Finaly, they went to a supermarket to do some grocery shopping on an errand for their mother.
Many Japanese look fowerd to it every year.
But Adlut have to think about something.
Therefore, adlut shoud not be selfish.
I've forgetton a lot of the Japanese bussiness rules.
It's really imprtant for bussiness in Japan.
I haven't forgetton this one, but when I'm in this situation, I sometimes use some casual words.
Come to think of it, I sat down in a chair without permission from my cliant.
They go to elementaly school now.
It is still chilly in the eary morning and night.
Do you like to stddy in the weeken?
Thank you for helpping me correct my journal
Do you use ``that`` when you say something you already mentioned or something mutully known??
Last night, the teacher is a blocak man. He come from Botswana.
I havn't hated Japan any more. I think this is a past thing.
I studied aerospace engineering and probabily I will continue to study it in October (another 2 years).
English in fondaumental for my future job and for my study...
but I struggle to pass from grammar to costruct phrases, speeches...
I enjoy soccer (football), basketball, cycling (road racing), using my Mac and iPhone, taking photos with my degital camera, and so on.
I'm moving to another seet.
But I forgot all the pain when I saw the beauiful sunset!
I couldn't understant the story because my lisning skills are bad.
Theseday, after work, I've my waist ached.
In the morning today, I was so surprized to look at my waist.
I don't feel regretless for sacrificing sleep.
They are greate!
If I want to thanks you, I would write in the card to ex ``Thank you for cherring me up!:)``
But when I remembered that he has seventy milliar dollars when thre are a lot of hungry people in his country, I said that he deserves what happened to him because he didnn't have merce on his people; we shouldnn't have merced on him.
Eventuially, I want to say congratulations to all the Egyptians. You have been patiant for thirty years. Congratulations to all the youth, men, women, and children who spent more than two weeks in the streets making their demands.
After he returns from work, he takes off his clothes, of coure dirty socks to be contained, in the room.
I stuied german in high school and I stuied french and chinese in university.
Anyway, I'm going to eat evrything I want to eat.
But today, I didn't have anything to do, so I went to the Japnese market near my home and borrowed my favourite DVDs.
It will probably be performed untill the twenty first or twenty second of this month.
He's a menber of group clled SMAP.
because I `ve just signed up to the Lng-8 website 3 days ago!
The rest of us was very suprised, but we all said together, ``Indeed!``
For example, if a gay couple from California go to Texas, their marriage bacomes illegal, which means they are not married anymore.
Thphoon 12
However, I haven't spoken English in a while, so I wana to inprove.
I `m stdying English because I want to travel abroad and talk to foreigners.
However, most of the time I was talking to Japanese people. I had hardly talked to local people or foreigeners.
I felt disappointed that I couldn `t speak English and so I dicided to study the language.
We are staing here until next Friday.
Also, our hotel is fantastic; we have a really exlusive and pretty apartment with the most beautiful seaview (which) I have ever seen.
They (have) sent our dog to a different continent! Amol is propably in China!
And last, but the most annoing thing is stupid French people.
They are so rude, they propably think that they are the best in everything in entire world, and they treat tourists the worst.
The number of subjects is few and easy this year, unlike last year and the yaer before last.
Will I receive the answer by cristmas?
I will go to the same concert tomoroww too.
She told me she had gotton a driver's license in Vancouver.
Because before thet, I had only been around downtow in Vancouner.
If I had a driver's lisense and a car, I could go to any beautiful place in Vancouver.
But for now, I want to forcus on studying English and getting a job.
I am a biginner of this site, Lang-8 and I don't know how to use it well.
I would be greatful if somebody can help me.
I submitted a job application last manth.
Althoght, I got a sad reply.
I have been suprise to see this is a nice website that has a lot of friends to learn language.
Therefore I wanna see many things, eat something delicioius, and have a good time with my frineds!!!
I had a headeache, stomacheache, fever and a sick feeling last night.
We deepend our friendship.
I will spend the money on deliciaous on our trip tomorrow.
I couldn 't attend the class althogh I went to school on time.
dialy?
When I listning to songs that are written in English and watch Hollywood movies,
Aham!
I don't want to do it and I get so frastrated.
Sometimes I can write in English easy and comfotably.
Bella's pronunciation is especially difficult fot me.
I went to my friend's baby shower last Satuday (two days ago).
My friend tried fertirization treatments for the last seven years, so I kew she was really really happy about. giving birth to twins.
We had delicious food and a lot of girl talk. We all cried when she told us about her babies. We were very happy and many people came and cereblated. with her.
Studying everyday was so hard for me, I have to study English, mathmatics and Economics.
I will traver to Busan, South Korea.
The coloers which are used in the movie are so beautiful.
If someone likes Japanese movies, I'd like to reccomend that person to watch it.
I went to the liblary this morning.
``POMERA`` is a writting tool.
Wheter they're brothers or parents, they propose marriage.
Can you belived it?
I get transffered every three or four years.
In the last while TV in Spain (but realy I think in all countries) has become crap.
I realy hate them.
Now I have more time to dedicate to myself, for learning about the things that realy concerne me.
Many people spend time complaining about TV and those programs, but they continue watchim them, creating a vicious circle.
I do benefit a little bit from promogeniture.
This is a typical Japanese male hobit.
And the techniqe called ``Mushup`` is interesting.
Have you heard of this proffesion?
I am studing mining enginnering and I want to learn English, please somebody help me beause here (in my city) it is very dificult find somebody to practice with.
I'm on the burret train, the ``shinkansen``
I didn't wacth TV at all.
I don't get time to wacth it at all.
So I have no idea about news liike nfluenza (disease caused by a virus).
There iare many people who have masks and don't sell masks now.
Today, I dicide to start a diary in English, because I want to improve my English skill.
They are used in semicconductor, degital devices, and so on.
Recentry, I like foreign dramas.
My favorite drama is ``frends``!
massege to...
I hope you enjoyed being in Jordan with us, and goodluck luck, we wish to see you onother time.
First of all, I can't correct my compositions, because I don't know how to display the keyboad when I want to correct.
expecing a reward after a good deed has never been seen in the Chinese society not untill recently.
for example, some people claim for money after helping someone catch thieives or returning another's picked-up purse.
and whether a reward should be expected has arosen unprecendented heat discussions.
Furthermore (or ``In addition``), I really don't think rewards could stimulate more people into doing goos deeds, for it can only rot one's pure mind and complicate one's simple thought.
my boyfriend Andrew got acquainted with my father and I think they deslike each other...
I love Andrew so much, but I can't desagree with my father's opinion...
and it is my favoraite.
and I'm going to movie theater tomarrow!!!
I'll make an appointment with a pediatrics on Monday.
I really hope my doughter will be well.
So I will go for it and learn somtthing from it.
The passage said that if I ask someone the way to my destination, I should say ``Could you tell me how to get to ~?`` rathr than ``Please tell me how to get to ~``.
I study English everyday to enter University or graduate schhool in USA.
But I think I will eat before I joine my class, because I didn't have a breakfast.
becase my major won in the quiz competition.
and I will appricate if you comment on this diary
``You killed two innosence soldiers,
But you denied the suspicion of murder so you will be imprioned.
Take the defendant to the prision! ``
in fact, it was a kind of elivator.
then, Tessadar touched someting that looked like a ball
And, the basket moved quickely.
Tessadar swung his arm slowely
I shold sleep
I'm glat to find this useful site.
I'm a staff at a wedding celemony.
I got a lot of messeges for birthday wishes!
Today, aSex and the City premiered in Roppongi Hills.
We ate Shushi for lunch.
I ate pretty great Shushi.
I got really excied and missed japan while eating it.
Fortunetly I didn't need to pay,
Tomorrow I have to get up eariler,
But I'm in Hokkaidou now becouse of the summer vacation.
And there are two answears.
Which ine is coorect?
It was quite expencive, but I'm feeling good though! So it's ok.
Moreover, the slogan ``Waht are you made of,`` shows ownership of the watch.
However, this advert can adress people who drink Pepsi.
wohoo..
As you may konw, the highest mountain in Japan is Mt.
Fuji is coverd with lava rocks, so it is not very fun to climb up, at least for me. (:p
North is a fascinaing mountain becouse it has a lot of alpine plants in summer.
I've been into mountain climbing these past 5 or 6 yaers.
I went shpping for 3 hours.
A pease of square paper was the universe to me when I was littele.
I was luckey I did not see real/ live boar while I was enjoying hiking:)
Because Ihope I can talk to forleign.
But his words are relly hard for me to understand, because he always talks to me about philosophy, at the same time, I am a girl who majors in business administration.
of cauce it's not all.
but I cought exprience of a lot of things!
A Return to Beginenr's English: 6th day
I'm placticing ballet in my house now.
I think we shold protect the earth from getting strange.
You should be get a budy!!!
I get iritated whenever everyone else does.
I think it's really inportant to sleep well.
I'm majoring in law, and I'm a nember of the GCP.
GCP stands for ``Grobal Citizenship Program``.
Do you watch the TV program ``Frends``?
Frends is a very popular US comedy.
Frends is very funny.
Non-alchol beer
This week I have not been drunk of any alchol.
It's a miracle for me duaring the past twenty years.
There are reasons why I haven't drunk non-alchol beer this week.
In Japan, we have seven kinds of 0%-alcohol/ non-alchol beer now.
When we drink any alchol, we feel comfortable and dull.
I think that alchol is a time-robber.
But if I dring alchol, I lose my motivation that I want to do something.
Owing to non-alchol beer, this week I began to participate lang-8 to study English again.
It took for 2 hours, first 45 minutes for the listening section, and then 75 miniutes for the reading section, without a break between the two sections.
I asked myself why I couldn't cathch the answers I could at home and I became more nervous.
I relly enjoy learning English.
Today is the first day that I regisited on Lang-8!
When I went home, Paster's waife gave me a ride to go home.
I thout that it would be convinient if I have a bicycle.
I knew that the one person who I have ever quarreled with is semilar to myself.
I don't want to metion his name here.
I just hope that he has enough skilled and stuffto overcome the seducement.
It seemed their opinions are conpletely different.
We confused and mad, but we obeyed the indecation of Doctor F.
This moning, I got my grade
There are 4 parts in the exam which are grammer, speaking, assey, and listening.
I looked around it and joined immediately, because I thought it was very usefull for me to learn English.
This site is great for us to study foreigne languages.
This is the highest temperture I've had in my life.
I study Enblish in class.
konichiwa felow friends I finaly got a sneek peek of my comic on facebook but its backwards and summimasen about that but hope you can see its artistic work if do but vol 2 is better than one and im also try real hard to study more japanese so syonara freinds
When the two boards touched a line 50 meters away, we went through a net tunnel, then stopped at a shlfe which had six toy oxes on it. We had to knock down the six oxes with little bags filled with sand before we hit a gong at the finish.
The gruop that had the shortest time won the championship.
I was hoping to find someone to teach me spannish:) I am totally fasinated by this beautiful language!
I would rather the maneger wouldn't tell his secretary about the deal.
Tere are these kinds examples in my textbook.
Additionaly we can patiently hear their speaking because we know how they feel.
This orchestra was structed by handicapped people.
Yesterday morning, I had a regulaly medical check-up and drank a lot of varium.
After I drank a lot of varium, I had to be rolled sideways three times on the stage of the X-ray equipment.
I'd like to try to make a good solution by using what I have leared this time.
Peopele lined up for hours there.
That means tmr is the last day of my holiday!!
Finally I decided on my favorite one, and then I brought it to the casher.
It was warm and sunny in the morning and windy and rainly for the rest of the day.
They are so so cute becaouse they are very much like me.
I tried looking for a paking area but all of them were full...
Becausae it was a sunny day, I felt comfortable.
Today my mother's friend with her dauhter came by.
Her daugter is 9 years old.
And I will appreciate the hepful corrections.
I realy respect them.
There were people/ students doing different activities, some were playing football, some were (ranting about their naggish mothers and their shopping trips on weekends, some are were developing films.
1 I got a chancce to talk with him
I hope my personality will grow through my realationship with her.
I often egnore the alarm and don't go to turn it off at its first ring and it makes my mother annoyed.
I'm teaching mathmatics.
Oh and sadly, actually not so sad but troblesome, my periods just began yesterday.
And coincidently, the day after I emailed them was the new member night that is held every two years in the choir.
I started to write a disry on lang-8.
We had such a good time that we decided to meet again next Wednesday at Nara, whre I live,
I have to carry them form town to my palce, so I only buy necessary things such as rice, vegetables to make some soup, water, and so on......
Tomorrow, when I go to town, I'll buy some cookeis for her daughter.
I write a dialy for the first time.
I got some live experience, and I used to think that all experience are usefull, no matter good it or bad (the situation).
I used to hate English (I really DID!), but now I love English:) I'm now using this site to find new friends and improvw my English even more!
I'd like to speak these languages fluentry.
Looking forwad to your ``Motor Season`` come soon.
The contents of the other book is English for bussiness.
The needed skills for bussiness is comunications and technical skills, is not the right English.
I hope that I get qualification of a Yoga instructer and international of it.
I ate susi.
The point is that we can't determine what kind of inpacts the products will have on our helth in the long run even though they might prove to be safe in experiments done by scientists.
After all, I think our helth is irreplaceable especially with the low prices fulfilled by the mass productions.
becouse I had oversleping.
I had gread time.
It had softer fur than I thougt.
* My grammer is probably terrible today.
I have just started to larning English.
I know that my English is not ecxelent.
It is that I will be able to explane my true feeling with someone even if/ though they don't understand.
I had better fhinsh now and go to the bed.
Fortunetely there were no broken items in my house.
However, I still cannot ajust myself to this new life.
Mealwhile, there were also many rabbits in the tree staring [in] at what was happening inside.
After I finished work, I went to the chep restaurant near my house.
And I took two math tests, one mechaniscs test, one biology test and one thermodynamics test on September 1st to 3rd.
Yesterdsy I went to the city where I used to live as a student ten years ago.
This is my first daiary.
It is practice course and shorter than a real golf cource.
plese tell me.
These sentences, or parts of sentenses have some gramatical error, (or misapplication) but I can't understand what is incorrect and how I should correct it.
1. Make students translate only the sentenses in which there are grammatically important parts.
7. To concentrate on Japanese sentenses makes students think that they're more important than English sentences.
10. japanse has many ways of expression, as well as English.
I hope to have a great night. Nagoya has several pleace to enjoy.
I went to yoga lesson this moorning.
I get stuck in traffic so I was late a littele.
Today, I worked to clean and movemented my firefox blowser
Because my old account occured some problem,
, and I hope that I can do somthing that can only be done in a student's life
The eariest train is at 9: 00.
Bills at Tokyo opend last month. I had been eager to taste it.
I need to know not only English but also the choise of words.
I wish a happy Chiristmas for the both of us!
A werid movie:
It was croeded with many people.
I found an interisting painting there called the ``Tinga Tinga``.
They're calorful and beautiful with dericate brushworks.
The reason is taht I am too lazy ~ HAHA ~
The actor is so cool!!!! I recomend it!
I'm Yukiya Japan.
The heavy grouth of white narcissus looked like a white carpet.
And I had no idea what to say upon seeing the hill, decolated with bule Nemophila and rape (?) blosspms, the most popular place in this park.
This year I participated in the ``North Califolnia Cherryblossom Festrival`` located in San Fransisco.
San francicsco has many large hills.
Some people dancce with us while others took pictures.
This link is precios to me and I would like to keep it that way.
I'll tell you guys about fasion, which I love.
I really love fasion, clothes, shoes, bags and accesory etc...
Nowdays I notice that with good sense I can make a well coordinated outfit with cheap or reasonable clothes.
Fortunatelly, we have many choices because there are increasingly a lot of good stores, which are, Foever 21, H& M, UNIQRO, MUJI, GAP and ZARA.
Please tell me your tought.
Well, this post is not about the date of Hikoboshi and Orihime, who are the couple of the Tanabata regend, but the one of my daughter and her boy friend.
These3 guys can (both) sing and play well and they made theaudience laugh with thier funny things they said.
Yesterday my friend and I went to a Restrant to have dinner.
Bread (toast) gets mold quickly, too.
Now I am learning English for CET-4, I like English, but I find it such a pian to study.
Especialy remembering new words, I have a feeling I'll nevre remember them.
I currently use a ``futon``, Japanese matress, but it is too thin to sleep well.
I'm looking forward to the deliverly.
Earthquake and tunami. I'm OK.
So many people died in the tumami including some of this hospital's staff and some patients 'families.
There were collapsed shops, overturned cars, much wested (?) material.
I think winter is comming soon.
I hadn't eaten during the twenty-four hours before (noo, I did not eat him!), so I bought a burger because there was nothing else.
The main charcter of this comic is a man who is an asasin.
So he needs to disguies himself as a woman.
I am worried about tomorrows wheather.
It was for Christans who want to learn more about worship, praise, and prayer.
It was a blessed holyday!:D
And, of corese, we have one too!
If I should break my right hand, shoulder or an elbow, I wolud use the others.
I registed with this website to learn English.
Before I've got to konow lang-8.
I really appreciate if you colud correct my bad English.
Now I can see that writing on a computer in diferent languege is more dificult than using my native one.
It would be a great opportunity to learn foreign languages and make freinds.
I recommand these songs of his: Gick in the pink, Remedy, and Wordplay.
only the sound of rainning.
Do you still remember me from the day it was rainning?
Ykiniku is broiled meat.
Reunion Pary
First, we were a little bit nervous to converse with each other but after 30 minites, it was just like the old days.
We got imformation from the service desk.
I want to go anywhrere!!
I guess it's just a more polite way to ask for information or a favor?
I tried to conect the internet, but I couldn `t get it to connect.
Very siriously.
My favorite game is syogi.
Do you know syogi?
Finaly I found a good one.
Also, we ordered ice-cream, tosts with ham, cheese, and bulgarian pepper, and herbal tea.
In conlclusion, technology is useful for education, but we need to have the ability to carefully find and sellect information.
For example, themal/ electrical conductivity, lustre, ductility, malleability and so on.....
I went to the hospital yesterday, and took a lot of medecines.
I hope they make me comfortable quickley.
The medecines costs 2500 Yen.
Favourite: basketboll
I remenbered days in Japan.
I'm very happy to strat writte something in english.
it Seems I like a good chace to improve my english writing skills.
But the vocalist forgot the lirics:p
I had a grest day:p
Here you can see a picture from October 29th, 1929, the day of the stock market carsh.
There was a fly on the celling.
My room had a high celling and the fly was on it.
Besides,_ there are few powerful and united orgnizations or associations that can shoulder the responsibility for holding massive and efficient activities on a worldwidely scale.
What is needed,_ therefore,_ is education and pubilising.
Meanwhile,_ governments have an obiligation to encourage citizens to take actions to preserve creatures via legistation and public media.
Likewise,_ national and international orgnizations aiming to save the Earth also can play an pivotal role in publising and education.
I think the reason it is hardnessof to learn english is remerber vocabulary words and speaking fluent English and listening every English.
Hello ~ I'm a newbee
haha I didnt mean I wanna be a singer or someone famous, I just want to do something about music.
Auch!
I hope that I will find a good job adter. graduation
I insist that dreams will come ture if I try my best to achieve them.
I changed my job to an Amarican campany.
I am going to keep up writing my dialy.
I think this is a very interesting and exciting survice.
Some peaple think hobbies are a waste of time but I do not think so.
I have a stomatch to go to the office in such a day.
My area wasn't damege.
But a friend of mine from Lang-8 was worrid and sent me an email.
Words are the smallest unit of languge.
You should study this Before you start learing or speaking English
I can't write good English when topics are complicated. sudenly, my English is going to sound strange.
I would aprecciate it if you would talk to me in English, 'cause I would really like it. I'd also like to have someone to talk to, so thank you. I hope I will also be usefull in teaching you Portuguese as well!
One Onigiri has only 150 calory.
I lik Onigiri very much.
Today I ate roll carvege lunch with my corworkers.
In my office restrant, we can have lunch by 500yen.
I could sympathyzed with it very much.
even I have 3 accounts of twitter* I forget the oasswords of the two accounts,..
I have been eating a lot of fruits and vegitables.
But I still have this constant feeling of laziness and fattness...
Please don't hesiteta to talk to me.
In the city people respect the players who bring their own gear, especially viloinists or cellists.
But they can't drink after a gig (because drunken driving is a crime in Japna).
Finally I recommned you play the cello if you have a choice between it or a contrabass.
I lve my home and my parents.
he told me to, cross the road, turn right and go staight along the street.
Thanks million for readin my entry!!
The Web is Degenarated
Actually, it's given us uncountable benefits and an unblievable world.
But when it comes to daily life, however, I see people who can't stop texting or chatting on thier cell phones and who are absorbed in the web for long hours, not to mention myself.
Fortunately, we didnn't sustain any damage.
The next day, the Chile earthquake happend.
I carrently share an apartment with a Chainese man.
However, I'm thinking about moving to another apartment, becouse my present apartment is far from my office.
Today, I was very suprised to see a piece of Yahoo!
It said that KENJI OZAWA is re-starting his music activtiy after 13 years of silence.
But because of Woods's scandal, other important news was overwhelmed, e. g. the national health insurance problem, the Afgan war..
I'm not noly excited but nervous too.
I will send an emai to you when I leave for America.
I really enjoied myself.
The Theachers are jentle and nice. (spelling errors)
I'm a Chinese girl, I like speaking English, but I only speak a litte.
class begins at 7. 00 and is over at 21. 45, so I go to bed at 23. 30, I will studt for1 hour before I go to sleep.
In about a fortonight, I'm going to Sydney to study english for 6 months.
I am really interested in global environmental problems, so I want to study that in univercity (Im not a uni student yet).
Japanese eat rice alomost everyday.
last night I saw sseveral young jews taking pics with menorah and singing songs in the streets.
ahaha I chaged my profile picture which I had taken on wednesday.
Today, I listend to music and..
Now you have two opcions: soft yolk or hard yolk.
Tret 'yakov's Art Galery
Many ages ago in Russia leves the merchant Tret 'yakov.
He liked Russian art and bought paintings from great Russian paintists.
This museem is named ``Tret' yakov's Art Galery ``, or in Russian,`` Tret 'yakovskaya Galereya``.
And now the Tret 'yakov Art Galery is a great Moscow museem.
Every day this galery is attended by a lot of people.
They look at pictures of great Russian paintis.
Tret 'yakov's Art Galery has not only pictures and statues, it has Russian culture and history, becouse these pictures show Russian culture and history.
It seems like Obama will stregthen gun registration or reguration.
3. shoot the ground or sky before shooting a fuman.
5. anyone shooting a fuman must be guilty.
I wanted to go to bed but I could not becasue it was too early to sleep.
because of his fast pronunciation and an accent different from an america.
anyway, today is my first day in londonm.
I think I will need time to adapt but I belive I can do everything like studying and making friends.
I went to shopping with a good frident of mine whose name is CHENG.
She was shocked and felt ashame of herself.
Yours sincerly,
Plobably they will become sweet tomatoes.:)
I am waitting for my visa
Today I've decided to skip some classes at school and just rest a little, enjoing my free time, I hope I'll be perfectly healthy on Monday!
First I will try looking for a new appartment.
It helps me find a appartment quickly so I can save time. I don't need to check the website
The end of winnter vacation.
I am feeling diamal.
I am a real igonorance with the PC.
Many pictures and paintings are exsihited on the walls, which add some entertainment to the place.
My brother and I went to a health club in the evenig.
In this thinking, every person has three unluckey years in his or her life.
Sevastopol's small streets are attrective for photographers.
The outskirts of Svtpl were built in another way: small white houses predominate there, with colorful roofs and doors (we took our photos.
The rest believed the use of cyber cyberlanguage was more convenient than the formal one.
While we are alive, we can't juge whether our life is going the right way or not.
Although it's a new generation now changed, the education coruses have not changed.
That is the reason why untill I graduated high school, I hated Korea's education courses.
But after entering university, I was dissapointed,
After graduating school, when I'm looking for a job, the interviewers check my abillity in grades, licenses, TOEIC score...
So we should try to think about it from the yonger sister's point of view.
The yonger one, Bess, has to depend on her elder sister,
I'm chatting with my friends on messanger to plan our Christmas party.
I expalined the problem to the clerk at the bank and who sounded very kind.
why didn't you hanp up? ``
I highly ricommend that if you have any iPod.
Japanese are not as careful as Koea about it.
I used a lot of expressions whic I learnt today in my entry.
I deside to practice English by reading magzine ~
And I spent about $ 100 on magzine, so I really want to know how to use these words:
If I have a oppotunity I would like to use the slang words from now.
I would say to my freinds ``Hey what's up, dog?
If you have cool a hat ``That's hella cool`` If I get angry at my freinds ``Hey stop trippin, dogs`` What would I gonna be if I use those words for strangers?
I wake up in cold weat.
Well, anyway, I'm still waiting for my cell pohone to ring.
I went to a trik art museum today.
Some projects are implemented in big citty, such as Tokyo and Osaka, but others are in small and poor villages.
hope I'll be ok tomorrow morning.
Each charactor in it has their own features, especially Jeeves.
I bought some grosseries.
Are the following sentenses correct?
Hi, my name is Javier, I want to learn English and make many friends, if I can help someone to learn Spanish, I'll be glad to corect him/ her:)
The fried vesitables were good too.
I told them that I have a lot of small things and I often forget where they are, so I can this blsket to organise my things.
I'm studing English:-)
And I can help you studing Jpananese:-)
many people visite there.
Many foreinger who were missionaries and business people used to live there.
so there are many charches.
I saw the first charch of karuizawa.
One good thing is that I made my mind to try to speak to foreineers at the birthday party next month.
Today I taked to my freind who went to same university.
I taked him our lives and girlfreinds and jobs.
But I prayed for a wish to be peace in desaster area in Japan and all over the world.
First: after lanch
I ate lanch.
The Japanese Royal family has over 1000 years histoy and there are so many traditional rules.
So she had straggrled about traditional rules and the pressuer to have son.
she finally got mental diseas.
She has an only daugther but she is loved by her husband.
Actually, as I wrote long ago in an entry, I seldome look at those ranking pages. If I had time to read the page, I would rather use the time to correct my friends 'entries more.
I want the webmaster to delete those pages, because the pages are not so usuful for me.
I'm just a 19-year-old college student, and I don't think my native langage is better than many other members from Japan here.
They are probably thinking it wil take a long time to feel relieved, this means they will grieve for a long time.
At the beginning, I think they are qualified to comfortting those who are now grieving.
I will go to KYUSYU for a bussiness trip tomorrow.
I work in a Hospial.
Our relationship has continued for more than 3 years after we left the university and when we both got jobs, our destinies were separated unfortunatelly.
These days, I watch Deseperate Housewives.
I'm tired due to shoppig and going home with very heavy baggageeveryday.
I'm afraid of making friends and studing etc...
Japanese, espicialy thebaby-boom generation, believe all ofwhat commentaters say on TV.
Schedule for tommorow
Espesially the big problem is dismissal of temporary staff or part-timers.
Went to a classical consert
and Kamio Mayuko played as a solist with the Budapest Festival Orchestra.
I have listenned to her performances by CD and TV until now.
What do you usualy do while you're on the train?
additionaly, I am paid 1800 Yen a hour.
Nice to meet you. Would you mind correcting my plofile?
My English Language (Gramma, Speaking, Reading, Writing) isn't very good.
Next saturday will be my friennd's wedding.
Recently, I learned the role of social warker.
I think the social warker are an important part of the community.
But, we don't appreciate the importance of social warker in Japan.
My life in Jakara!!
I am enjoying myself so bad. It is defferent from my previous impression, meeting new people people, eating food, sight seeing and stuffs.
As you know, Indonesia is still depeloping itself as a country and I feel enthusiastics every day by seeing people on the street and huge traffic jam.
everone asked what my name was, where I was from, and how long I had been here for.
One thing happend that happened surprized me.
There are many hills in the city, that's why I can always btreath fresh air when I go hiking.
Most of the members came from European countries such as Germany, Italy or Rumania and they speak really well.
Do you think that writing posts on this page is the only option/ posibilities?
I hope I can enter my ideal college and get an ideal job, and take responsiblity.
I thout, ``I will also come``.
after military training, my mother teld me that she wants to buy a house for me.
Good mornig everyone.
Here is the email that I would like you to crrect.
I think that he is cool, but to tell you the trurh I think that he is coquettish.
I like yakiniki very much.
She was a travellar.
Perheps that is because a large amount of students are studying in universities far from their homes, so parents use them as a way to give them money while they cannot make money themselves.
I think that a credit card has become a neccessary in daily life even for students.
Thirdly, using a credit card to pay tuitions is also very convinience.
On twitter, I heard my frined bought a peach from Fukushima because it looked very tasty and was very cheap.
The first exam, called 'the Center exam' is held on Junuary 15th.
Fireworks in Darling Harver
I went to Darling Harver in Sydney with my friends from Korea and Japan.
It's terrorable.
I had to return it by the mext day...
I tried to buy some shrits, but I did not have much money, so I walked around looking in department stores.
Please imagin that if your eyes were bigger than your stomach at dinner. You would find a pile of leftovers in front of you.
We heardly heard of the Asian black bears coming to residential areas after we started to stay there.
Knowing how to use body language effectively is very important for me, beacause I think one's frist impression on another person [can help me to strive my dream job in the future]?
This was the first time taht I used an Internet shopping service.
I am very sorry that I have no time to correct the dariy.
Because I chose this work, maybe it is the fale that l should do.
Sping Festival will come, it is the most busy time in our company. I cannot go back to my hometown to get together with my family and friends.
Why it is the pegion?
A smeil for you.
My shop is salad shop, and my lunch is always salada.
I ate the salad fast, and after I opend the hamburger's bag...
I enjoy the time when I study miocrobiology.
San Francisco is very exsiting city and I'm engoying some activities here.
I'm lucky to experience this rare ivent.
Outside is still dark, becaues it is 4a. m.
Becauses yesterday I went to bed so early and this is spontaneous: Dhahaha
He did not know whether the post office ws nearby.
It's hard to explain why I like rany days.
I belive that TV has reduced communication among famillies.
Diffrent clothes sometimes influence how people behave.
but I like cherry blossam in Japan.
unfortunately my alergic can be caused by a chelly blossoms x (
Today, I attended my first seminer by Randstad.
I deciede to restart my English and Russian study.
Your attention will be apprecited!
My group picked up ``at fast food shop``, because one of my group member is working at KFC:) The situation we came up was a couple making out come to KFC and KFC staff complains about it, but then the caple fight about silly things and break up.
I have worked in a government-owned company for severl years, my post and salary are OK.
I'm always eating tomatoes because it is healty for me.
A charity match for Tohoku victims is being held in Oosaka today.
I met pickpakets in Spain today.:((
The pickpakets had gone away, but I still felt scared.
The cost would be compared/ compable
I thaught they were almost the same.
Despite resistance/ resesiting
I learned the grammer (preposion + ~ ing)
My eldest doughter had a sports day last Saturday at her junior highscool.
I'm a Russian but actually I live now in Moldova (it is at the border of ucraine)
Iife is short, while art is long.
Apple funs must be buying their products again and again like me.
There were some stans and I bought a crepe and a pack of fried noodles with sauce.
(factally nowdays the depressed economy in Korea is causing a decline in the price of houses (?).
Howerver becauseprices were skyroketing in recent years, the actual price is still quite high.)
Then I woke up my second daugther.
She looked outside and she said ``Snow ~ Snow`` such a very happy smail.
Helooo!
Lately, I have been eating boiled brown rice because it is healty.
Recentry, I've been realy absorbed by glee, a drama made in the U.
is very delightfuly!!
Of couse, high school life in Japan is also very, very fun!
I never thought it would be so inconvenient chang majors.
So today my cosin came over to my college to help me.
Chaina Business Trip
I'm a begginer. I'm studing English.
So, I entered university again adn major in English.
There are still afterquakes several times a day.
The Japanese cheif cabinet secretary said, ``There is little radioactive leak by the explosion.
Untill I become a uiversity student, I have to study English because I may be not able to keep up lessons.
I'm goint to the office now.
Pleasa assist me.
When I was a junior high school student my teacher taught me that there are many defferences between Japan and America.
Now, it's time for everyone to clean up your place throughly in preparation for welcoming New Year.
America pregident changed obama, in Japan the Democratic party has had powerfor 50years.
Last praime minser Aso can `t read Chinese Characters!
For example, they marrige, have children, get a house or lose money.
I was sent to rescure a man whose neck was nearly broken He was bleeding steadily.
I was very tense at that time. I said to myself in the dream, ``I am the only man who can rescure this life; I must do my best, and do it as fast as I can.``
Golf excerise
I excerise last weekend near my apartment.
I hope to become a golf player in the furture.
I am going to learn how to use phoshop.
I will spend my time today looking arond for a photoshop feature that I can learn to use well quickly.
Then, he showed me his left arm which had a tatoo!
Although I quitted piano, I'm making extra special efforts to be a frigt attendant in the future.
I'm looking forward to your reply, and also plese tell me about your daily life;D
I came back to my hometownin on my vacationm.
Actully, I'm worried about my English...
When I was skating, I had follen down...!!!
These days we can buy many pre-prepared foods at glocery stores.
Qustion in English
So, if you are interested in it, please chate with me.
A waitting for your reply.
Wecome to our club
Wecomre to our basketball club.
We beliveve you will jion a wonderful club.
A strong person will bacome stronger.
Whatever your answer is, it'll be a fullfiling experience.
5 days ago on Auguest 2nd, I left Japan to study abroad.
I also have problems with tenses and grama structures.
It dessapear in an instant, if I try to swat it.
I heard from my colleage yesterday that tomorrow is Teacher's day in vietnam.
I practiced a vietnam song that young peole like.
After I sang the song, I gained strenght and confidence because many peole complimented me.
``you sang very well``, ``good jop``.
And I successed.
Did you watch the Tunami videos?
Everybody just thought that was a pretty strong earthquake so it would probably cause a bit bigger Tunami than usual.
I would like to take the end of the company graciously, and veer my attention to another futur.
The Toughness of the charactiers (no I).
And one of the grayhoud staffs told me we might had to wait more.
Yestarday I went to the seminar at roppongi.
I could have had the chance to speake with an American and I tell him my thoughts.
As Pual the octopus predicted, is Spain going to win the victory?
After reading this article I felt inclided to go there.
If you check with them I would be very pleased and appriciate it.
Some birds were singing, the sunshine was warm, the breese was stroking me kindly.
So ``Sesami Street`` means a sall seed street or something like that?
I was recommended by a frind of mine to register and become a member here so that somebody can correct my English mistakes.
The author says when speaking you should know some rules which are comon among English speakers.
For example, it says you should use some words without pausing, and that you should know whether an exspression is formal or casual depending on the stuation.
We had a Christmas party that was held on Dec 24, and we reserved a cafe that my friend maneged.
Have a good nigth!
ARASHI, a Japanese idol groupe, seems to be very famous in Korea and Taiwan.
Have you read the book called something like ``To Find a Happy Bluebird`` (I don't know the correct title for sure.) Are you looking for a happy bluebird even though the bired is right near to you? ``I think success is near to me.
I have been practicing it for 13 years.
Beatiful Town
Me and my parents have a worship sevice everydady on these days.
Our church minister, Mr. Kim runs the Beatiful Town with his wife and teachers.
I tried to have a job at there but gave up in a day because of anxiety disoder.
I feel sorry sometimes when I hear their parents does not get in touch with their childeren.
Qeustion: What chapter and verse include this words?
Autum [Spelling] is starting!
You know I heve wasted too much time in past year.
Currently the globel economic crisis is having a great effect on my company; it seems like everyone will face the danger of being fired.
In fact our company had reduced more than half the number of employees from last yesr, but our business has still not been showing a tendency of improvement:(
Now you can perhaps imgaine my mood recently; I am dying for leaving your present copany but I feel it is not the best time.
I would like to chage my cellphone model.
The LG Optimus-Q has a good design and useful ``querty`` keypad.
The buses in Thailand don't stp completely when the passengers get on and off.
Luckly, the bus was moving at walking pace and the injury was minor.
It's not appropriate to say this, but I thoght I might be lucky that my damage was not as bad as his...
I dicided to try blogging here.
In fact I'm not a blogger and usualy I only read some programmers 'blogs.
I cleary remember that I was a high school student when I took an airplain for the first time.
I miss her warm accomany from last winter very much.
Andoroid phones are on display at the cell phone store in my neighborhood.
Because the shcool has not only students born in Japan, but students from Brazil.
I heard that most guests who are going there like me are reall teachers.
Then the contry image will downgrade by that shot for why they didn't solve the problem in peace.
Today, I will write about a quesiton I have about English
I'm not good at Engrish.
Engrish is difficult.
It was difficult for me because of the difficulties in German pronounciation.
Today's dinner menu is sweet-and-sour pork, boiling hijiki and soybean, mizuna and chiken salad.
Almost foget to return Rental DVDs
Yesterday evening I walked around in Ikebukuro with my friends to do some shopping and to see the new IPAD which was finaly released in Japan on March 27th.
Suddenly, I remenber that I rentaled DVDs at GEO last saturday.
In the future, I wanna work in a foreign-affilisted company.
We can learn from them, know their culture, and also can traval there.
I can't instoll Chinese on the PC I usually use, so I decided to use my second PC.
It's too slow to handle softwear and the internet.
To be honest, I am not in the habbit of keeping a diary.
Even though I look up each unfamiliar word, some sentences do not make sence to me anyways.
It is totally different from speaking because it requires me to have a lot of vocaburary to express what I feel clearly.
It is a usualy an event that my relatives have every year in this season.
I often do foot massages when I sit down on the chire.
I was reading a Japanese comic yeaterday.
When they grow up maybe they will regret what they did when they were yong but it is too late by then, it isn't.
On the Saturday morning I vaccumed the rooms.
So I was cleaing short breaks
the pasta I had eaten at the restuarant last time.
Now, every members is cooperating with each other tword the exhibition.
Koria Trip 1
I'm student studying science and technology, today (in class) I made biodeiesel from fish-oil.
In addtion, I went to Ginkakuji, Kinkakuji, Kiyomizu temple and so on.
Then, I had delicious denner near Kamo River:)
The delicious denner was made of tofu.
Last week I went to opympic Park, which is in my neighborhood.
There were many kinds of fraggnant roses.
Why did I lose my earings?
Soy sause
I bought a little bottle to keep ``Shoyu`` = soy sause and ate pasta in a
In japan, it is really hard for parents to have their children go to nerseries.
First of all, there is a condition to do with anuual income.
The more money they earn, the more difficult it is to get permission to enroll their children in a nersery.
We are scored A ~ D finacially and according to our working situations by the administration.
A is the most adavantagious rating
Fortunatelly, my daughter goes to a nersery.
But, I hope all children can go to a nersery, which will help parents who are working very hard everyday for their families.
If you want to travel both, my appartement will be convenient for you.
There are no beds in my appartment but there are futons like matresses of coton.
You don't have to prepair your blankets. (In the winter, it may be cold...)
Near my appartement, there is a lot of nature.
(Maximum 2 nights) Please come to my appartement before 7pm.
I want to improve my Enlish, and most imortan, make friends.
To tell the truth, the Enlish lesson is not easy to learn.
I became bushful a little bit because of the situation that I use Japanese, but I'm in Australia.
I have to go back to Japane in the middle of April because I will attend my sister's wedding party.
So my parents were very deligent at that time.
Campared to my mother, he can be recognized as a sinner.
And I'm pround of her!
His mother wants to go to the templas.
(Acutally, I recommended [that] they go to Gyeongju, if they really want to experience temples in Korea.)
I played golf wiht my father, mother, older brother and his wife at Otaru in Hakkaido, Japan this weekend.*
Lang-8 satff
I went to Okubo in Tokyo, to eate Yakiniku with my friends.
Okubo is Kolean town.
So many good restraunt are there.
I'm active again (or so I think, I allways have long breaks).
Doraemon is very famous animated character from Japane television.
Students have to deside course, apply for job or take a masteral course.
I can't deside.
My friends already deside their courses.
I must deside by this year.
It was very useful for memorizing words and phrases but I wasn't familier with listening to my voice through the device.
Recently, I've became crazy about shopping, I have bought lots of clothes, but I want to have more and mors. Am I a shopholic (shoppholic? I don't know, please tell me the correct answer, thanks), haha! So terrible!
Hot and humitted weather will welcome me at Narita airport.
Thisi is the charenge!
I started this brog today.
It is my big charenge!
There is Euro 2008 going on in Europe now, and I truely wanted to watch, but I couldn't without cable.
I decided to write my dialy in English!
(Today is the first time I am writing my dialy in English.)
I've decided to write my dialy in English from now on!!
Also, Japnaese elementary schools are going to start teaching English to fifth and sixth grade kids.
I think English grammer is so easy and logical that it is easy for non-native speakers to master it.
Hpwever, I hope to improve my writing soon. I need to get 5 in IELTS as soon as I can.
This ouctpus can kill a person who is bittenby it..
Of course, I know it's bifferent depending on the person, but I just want you to tell me as advice.
There was the annual meeting today for a presentatoin on research and development in my company.
I went to Moscow and Sankt Peterburg with my family.
My father bought me a photocamera, so I could take some snapshots.
The distingtive yellow circles on the lamp which hadn't being dusted in a long time.
We prepared ourselves for the worst, because youth hostel food isn't renowded for it's quality.
> <Everyone looked suspicous at the fish and chips.
I can't trast the company whose name is Tokyo denryoku.
In Lonsdale street there was the Greek Antipodes festival. In feretion Square there was live music.
On Saturday nigth I went out with my Italian friends.
It was very nice, I bougth a very nice dress!
I have three yonger brothers, soI had dinner with them, too.
I want to say, that I want to leant English that much.
So it was really hard to do it again because I felt hard my finger. By the way I can 'tplay this song because maybe It's really dificult because I don't know how to sing the song so when I play the song I don't know the timing.
I really like this song so I did nostudy English hard like my friend siad so I am sorry.
What do I want? What is the thing I am goot at?
Becouse my left knee got hurt in a traffic accident and got hit many times during basketball games,
The team aranged it.
I wish to memorize Qura 'an and remeber all its words like I remeber my name.
I wish to puplish a lot of books and become a famous author.
I wish to speak English flunency without thinking.
To become that, I regestered on this site.
Before I did that I was listin for many different Islamic nasheed by English speakers, like Yusef Islam and Dawud Wharnsby.
I reary want to study more.
After the meeting, the other menbers and I went out to have lunch.
We went to an Italian restaurat and had a pasta lunch.
A waman said one day she had been very tired and she wanted to be alone for a while.
So she had said to her hasband she had wanted him to go out and would hand over ten thousand yen.
I met a foreigher who is from Mexico.
I should go to the hospital befor it gets worse.
I don't know how many people read my dialy, but I welcome you who clicked my diary.
Today was a very importent day.
They always intarrupt me before I finish speaking.
So I felt reflesh a bit.
To practice English I start writing dialy in this site.
I set a target to write dialy once a week.
There is a new sellection button called ``Match`` on the upper part of the page.
I can make myself confortable here.
There were 5 other studnets in the class.
The fisrt person who completes 2 lines accross will recieve candy.
We believe eating eel gives us vigar.
Dashboard is, in my knowledge, the part of a car just in fromt of the driver with various meters.
And when I've read tha part fifty times, I got an idea.
The executive is a dviver of the company!
You find peope who speak English and communicate with them, when you make a mistake, they can help you correct it.
7/ 26 I went to aTERKEY.
By the way, today I went to school to sprinkle watter on the plants.
It was an eciting day today.
my reltives and I are safe.
My friend told me that she already knows the grades from all classes she took this semerter.
About festibal for children aged 35, and 7
Today, only girls who aged 3 and 7 participate the festibal and only boys who are aged 5 participate the festibal.
Many families get photos of their childeren taken at a pofessional photo studio.
As she said, there was a simular korean food with the same shape
I think one way we get them is from our experiences perticularly from hardships, ordeals and harsh adversities.
In a sense, everone experiences them and we might as well enjoy them.
About Yestaday
On the other hand, other people who come from European countries don't feel that speking English is difficult.
I olove tennis and I want to be (come) good and strong ^-^
I am a homewife.
The Reason I'm Studying Engkish
There are many embassies of several contries near my hospital.
I'm looking forword to graduating.
My dog is 7 years old. She hardly burk and is housebroken.
Actually, I sometimes go to these shops to walk when it is raining, but I always feel a little bit embarassed, and I feel like I have to buy something.
According to a report, the big reasons are climate chainging and the lack of habitat.
Our environment suffers more and more polluations from human destory.
It can use many aspects of nature such as be maded of natural products.
Our new term has begun, I feel excited ~ One of my friends who loves English songs ofen sings ``Everyday is wonderful!``.
Although I couldn't registered for a popular class when I had asked for any available seats of that class in the Restration Office, but I could make it by asking for the professor!
I have just returned from a bussiness trip to Shanxi and Henan, this morrning.
In fact, this was my first bussiness trip since joining my company.
TOEIC is a test that lets many Japenese know more about their own English ability.
Since then, I've been incleasing my Skype contacts day by day.
It is Log cavin.
Moreover my nose was runnning and I can't stop sneezing.: <
Lately I have been working part-time at a Takyoyaki shop inside the kitchen of which the tempreture is usually around 45 degrees, so I always feel like I'm going to die x_ X
When I am off work, I study Lingusitics, specifically, Cognitive Linguistics.
But I have few oppotunities to speak Engligh in everyday situations, so my speaking is gradually deteriorating... + ~ +
I bought snow boots yeaterday.
This food is simple and consisted of noodle, soupe, and some ingredients.
But it's very difficult to cook good soupe.
Today, my father will come back from haspital. lf he comes, that's too bad, lf not he will get well, but the money won't get too much better..... er. er
frist, l must get a job. Then I can fix the proble.
I bigin this SNS now.
I found the bookself costs low.
I'd like taking pic and litenig to music.
And sometime I draw peple and animal.
The problem is losting keys.
I know a lot of people who doesn't know were it is, maybe because it's a little island and isn't as important as Barcelona or Madrid, but Ibiza is such a beutiful place.
building mills, stoneholds, and city buildings.
He can build an excellent defensive building (the great wall), develop a destintive technology (computers), or get new colonies like Columbia.
My friend tex me saying she is in Nakameguro.
For example, if they prefere earning money by a part-time job as opposed to majoring in subjects that they have not ever majored in. I want to tell them ``you can earn money to earn a living even if you won't after you graduate from university``.
I'm eating more vagetables for food.
Photo albam
It's the first week at work since the long national hollidays.
We keep talkig when OCC's proffeser was explainning.
I must practice my English listenning
But I found my English listenning is still very bad.
I did some English listenning test by myself.
I thhink I must practice my English listenning every day!
because it does not require phicical strengh (I am not particularly strong).
But the biggest reason is that I like to grance at many different kinds of people.
Is that bad reanon?
and many salarymen and students come to buy breackfast or lunch.
For instance, people arrive at the same time and buy the same or similer foods.
which is why they don't remember being resisterd (?) (assisted?) by the same staff.
If you always go to a paticular store, you might be observed by the staff!
My purpose for this year is to stady English.
Today, I will go to the one of the biggest shopping morll in Tokyo, where I have lived for a long time.
Ever since I was young, I have behaived confidently when I have done everything.
The title is ``Seccessive Holidays``
I want to watch the volleyball games on TV. (I want to watch the volleyball gemes in a stadiam in reality.)
finary I asked her.
This is a tlanslation of a Japanese fairy tale.
On the day, he received a gift from them, it was a big kyte!
All of a sudden, a strong wind blew and the kyte took the pig way up into the sky.
The kyte transported him to his grandparent's house.
These therapies are very interesting and inovating.
I'd love to get any imformation.
I found the teacher had a good way of teaching, which gave the children an instering in the violin.
* okara; kind of leftover when you make tofu, but it contains a lot of protain.
When I make a cake, I reduce freash cream or cream cheese and use tofu instead, and also when I make a hamburger steak, I add tofu in mince.
I really don't like to prepare for the festival, but I like to paticipate in it:p
But I'm jelous that most of countries have halloween parties because we do not have that:(
And we went to the famous tample called ``Chuson-ji``.
I also have read his other wroks like, Have A Litthe Faith and For One More Day.
Today I wrote only this sentense.
But I coundn't beacuse I was in Au.
I had to send the leter early.
When they recive my letter, they will be surprised and happy.
Surely we know a lot of grammar because we've studied it sinve we were junior high school students.
It's no wonder that Arabic people of lawer level can listen better than us because they've been staying here for longer than us.
Even if I have a chance to meet the celebrties I'd prefer to meet enconomists or business people instead.
Tom grabbed an orrange.
Bom hit Tom.
I have a dialy in English.
I write for a Jaanese soccer team, Sanfrecche Hiroshima.
The team is a J1 leage team.
Ithink Sanfrecche will get the titel this year.
I was not entirely concentrating on the wedding party because I often wached the photographer.
I have to finish some peports tonight.
Keep enjoing ((=
today's actresses don't have such atomosphere...
Global crisis, London Fashion week, lections in the university, my friend's troubles.
Last, you clean your class room, carridor, stairway and wshroom yourself.
This is my first entry writeen!
Anyway, my English level is realy low.
But if someone wants me to say something in English, I realy don't know how to say it.
Next to my company, there are many foriegners. I want to communicat with them, but I don't know how to begin.
Sometimes it is very borring becouse I don't like klassical music.
Music is the most beautifull thing in our lives.
There are different surprises in our life everday.
Maybe next time I can do something to trainning my mucles.
I'm Tak, 26, Japanese who loves to play basketball, watch movies and enjoys the beuatiful ocean to swim, free diving and hunt fish.
Also I've been studying English sicne I had experience to study abroad in U.
After I came back to Japan, I continued to study English in a univercity.
So, I take pleasure in looking all alround these Languae sites.
We eat it with soy soup (made from tuna) not OKONOMI souce.
I just made the words `language quention``, shorter to say ``L.
The wedding party lasted two and harf hours.
We enjoyed some gemes and talked with friends.
9 years ago, I went to the United States as anexchange studens.
After having said my first English sentence, all the thestudent laught at me. So, I lost my confidence in learning English.
Moreover, the English teacher who taught me for three years in senior high was a very annoying and ascivious man and that made me hate English too.
After graduating in 2008, I found a jod in a joint venture, lucky.
It is about a cute girl who was murdered by her neighborhood.
two years later, Susie's family, her father and young sister still cant give up finding the murderer, fanally, her sister found the evidence to prove that the neighborhood is the killer.
Well, I bought a new game called, '' DISSIDIA FAINAL FANTASY ''.
I have to be carefull not to spend too much money.
I'm going to Roppongi tommorow to meet some friends who can speak English.
He also ovey our commands, such as: sit, wait and shake hands.
Futhermore, every cigarette company should be banned for selling toxic materials!
According to the weather forcast, it seems that it'll snow tomorrow.
Being a careworker is a great job.
A careworker has to have a likable personality.
I thought she had potential as a careworker because she has a good smile and a friendly atmosphere.
But, hearing her story, I found out that a careworker should not only have a likable personality but also a strong heart and a flexible personality.
All buildings are of histprical importance.
According to news and documentary programs, the huge amounts of gleenhouse gases such as CO2, cause the change in grobal temperature.
It is said that trees absorbe CO2.
automatical translation is not accurate..?
Romoi is small rural county.
If I have a private teacher it would cost 20 ~ 30 dollors an hour.
Today, I need to write a review of a famous Japanese writter
Therefore I always miss the first chace to reply to my messages here.
Sandra Bullock is always a nice actross that holds a special place in my heart!
Banks don't trust JAL's management and are fefusing to lend additional funds.
Tha topic is maline living body molecule faculty chemistry.
Last year, 80% of the students who majored in maline sciense failed the test.
But I will study chemistry even more becouse on June 11th, I will have another chemistry test.
Seeing this socre, I was very surprised that the writing score was the best and the listening score was the worst.
Reading and listening skiils are the fundamental ones.
I'm writting this entry by laptop on the train.
I don't really know how to describe this feeling, but it starts when I think about what lies beyond our solary system and how tiny we are.
Only 5 days lator New Year comes.
When she arrived at the hospital she looked scaerd but stayed.
It looked like she was alomost crying but trying not to do so.
I wil go to India this year.
. Hallo.
There were beautiful ocean views and a cozy atomosphere in that video.
This Matsuri was small and different from Japan's one (of couse;).
But now, I do not feel good. Because I find if I open the computer, I just play games, chat with friends and receive the E-mail. When I want to learn some things from the computer, the time has passed. Maybe two or three hours have passed, by that time I need to go to sleep. The plan to learn something about English is always delaied.
I like the scene when Marty plays the guitar at the parety.
Bas ga ososugiru (past form) kara, watashi wa shigoto ni osokimashita.
* PM Form + Yasai = easy doing verb
Watashi wa nihongo wo miruto sugu kandou mimasu.
(hmmmm how can I put the ``yasai`` in this sentence?)
Actually I'm still afaid of them though I have gruwn up now.
My dentist was a funny lady. She told me to just relex and not to be afraid of her.
I shoud (will) be more careful with my teeth's health from now.
I believe I can be a good student ang a good teacher!
Certainly, people in South Korea are intelligent, but such competition may cause mental exaution.
I think then we can be more free, espesially in Japan.
owener of lental apartments!
For a long time, I thought being an owner of lental apartments is one of the easiest jobs.
Cleark ``Hi.``
Guest ``I am looking for a wich.
Cleark ``Yes, we do (have them).
Cleark ``(How about) This one?``
Cleark ``It's 3 dollars.``
Geast ``I will take 4 ounces of this ham, please.
Cleark ``Sure.``
One day, the same scene happened agian. When the bus had just stopped, the conductor shouted to the people who were ready to rush into the bus, ``Don't rush!
The driver didn't notice the conductor wasn't in the bus untill he found nobody reported the bus stop.
psychologist must be familiar with biolgiyu, Russian and math.
Hellow World
reseption party
Today I went to a reseption party at Tokyo modern museum.
happy new yar
Nobody interapts me...
I definitely agree with the thought that men and women have diffirent
I didn't have an opportunity to listen to jamaica reggae music a long time ago.
Cats make me confortable.
I asked about Marchants 'International Shipping rates to japan, and you said that
Please look at the marchant ``****``.
(link to the marchants 'Shipping rate)
I came home and I tyied to connect it to my computer.
There is Somethink about them I just can't understand.
My name is Jack, I'm from Syria (the eastern coast of the mediterrinian).
I am so pround of myself because of my small diary in English
Recentury, I am busy everyday.
And on Sunnday, I was invited to my friend 's
I need rest and treatment from a chirodoctor.
but I received a notification from a memorial park office a few days ago, whitch is located in Narashino where my mother's grave is.
An entry on Lang-8 after a lomg time.
On the other hand, phones, expecially mobile phones, are playing an increasingly important part in our lives.
Tommorow is the last full day for me here.
Is it a person who talks everything with you or just a person who often agrue with you?
Is it something that can't be replaced or something that's not essntial?
We don't feel ambarrassed when we don't say anything, we just sit behind each other.
Personlly, a friend is a person who make you feel at ease/ make you feel at home.
By the way, I'm going to the hot spring with my friend at the end of this manth.
In Chinese, the word Dog is called ``gou`` which (the word) souds like Goal.
Watashi no namae wa Zoli des.
Hajime mashite, Yoroshku onegaishimas.
However, he has to go to school with the neibor students for a while.
I said 'she wanto to get me a suit.
Iwas very happy yesterday. I asked my roommate (she was sitted near me) took a picture which contains my cake and cookie (but this picture maked me look fat, ha).
I do not want to back to Taipei becase it is the time near the final exam and my transfer exam.
And I found messeges from somebody who is in another country and also sutudy languages.
After I clean, I'm going to go to sport shop to buy sportwear because I have a school excursion next Friday.
Of couse, not only speed but the complexy of the content was a problem for me.
On the other hand, the English with diarect was OK, as I frequently communicated with such people including German, French, Thai and Taiwanese.
Nonetheless, I felt it was an honor to listen to some wonderful presentations and saw fruitful communication of distinguished scholors as a would-be scholar.
I have big dream-an American dream)) I want to learn English and go to my favoirite city-New York!!! I want it now, now, now!!! I hope this site and U can help me!!! Thank for your attention)))
I remenber that I must buy white shoes.
I think that there are theree keys to success.
Second, there are many bonus evernts.
Yet we cannot help but obsess about growing crops anywy.
This surgery lasts only 10 minites, but is it safety??
By the way, today this video helped me to change the eye color in Photoshop.
Usulally, my mother puts a sweet potato in a microwave oven, but today I made a sweet potato baked with hot pebbles with thaw function of the microwave oven.
I want to improve it and hope someone can hlep me.
To achive this, I am now required to achieve a certain score on the IELTs test.
I can study for reading and listening secsions by myself but it is very hard to practice speaking and writting essays.
So now I definitely know what I need to ask when I go to the schoold.
Compared with other classes, my class was really peacefull and hadgood team work.
I went to Osaka on bussiness.
I am interested in Amerikan culture, life, and history.
In the future, I would like to use English for business, or cominucate with people who live in other countories when I travel.
I love music!! My deream is to join an International Cooperation.
I wish only to enjoy life and to do somthing I like.
The movie is Alce In Wonderland.
I am goint to accompany my Mon to Japan or Cambodia and study TOEFL regularly and hard.
But she sturdied Japanease very hard. After one year, she could speak enough Japanease to travel to Japan alone.
At that time, I hadn't realized how short of a distance coummuting was.
After she got off the subway, I came close to not getting off at my stop becasue of my very high spirits.
I know that she has a boyfried.
So I feel counfusion and flustration.
I'm a Fenix though.
For/ On my birthday, seven frinds of mine came to celebrate.
I recieved clothes as my birthday presents.
As title, in our Graduate School of Science, we have a team competition of tebletennis at the end of every year.
From the undergraduate student to the professor, every 3-or-4-person-team can enter and paticipate in this game.
The recycle material is used for variety purpose: for exmple plant pots and exterior materials like wood.
I will see many of my frends!
Though I had desided to write my entries everyday at first, I've been feeling the difficulty of continuity.
Hi, hieveryone! I'm a Chinese girl.
Could you be my fridend?
Duing those days, I had no other wish except to pass the examination and get high grades.
Because I will turn into 18 on my brithday.
She wii be three years old next month.
The temprature may be 28 degrees C or so.
I do not use air conditioning due to helth reasons. Also, I want to limit emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
As I couldn't sleep, I coundl n't help but use the air conditioner.
Finally, I was able to sleep weel.
It is one of the most innvative methods I've found!
Almost every menber is a student.
We were realx at this point.
I ate two pizza slices and somthing else.
I have tought English.
I am very nouverse beacause I have never presented at a conference.
They are simillar but different.
Everybady:)
So, I'm goning to practice baseball with my college friends.
We ate ``zouni``, which is the traditional soup containing ``mochi`` (rice cake), vegitable and chiken.
After graguating from senior high school, I spent three-months as a holiday.
During this time, I forgot lots of English grammer and vocabulary.
So today, I brout the cat to a vet again.
Takao, which is calld ``Takao-san`` in Japanese.
I went to the park for a stroll in the daytime. Butterflies were fring around the flowers.
In addition, I plan to take part in an international conference for Asian students, which will requre me to speak in English more fluently and precisely.
The secon goal is to study economics.
In the conference, I will discuss ecnomic, with emphasis on matters concerning East Asian contries.
I want to break this habbit.
A lot of things droped off, and I, people from work and costomers panicked.
I was so terrifyied that I couldn't think about what to do.
My family was not attacked or harted, so I got releived.
I'm nurvas.
The mutch was the Carling Cup Final, ``Arsenal VS Barmingham``. It was an exciting game.
The teacher said ``Walk around in the water to rest.`` and then she said ``It's time to learn backstoke.`` She told us how to do backstroke.
And tomorrow is athletik game.
I think you want to contact the Hosan Industry Company that makes things for outo and rain (?), but I don't have their website or email address.
It's very intereting.
Chirstmass day is coming.
Curry was too spicy, but Cheese was most dlicious to me.
I watched the Olynpic games on TV, and I want to enjoy skiing with my friends...
In Japan, publication contracts between authore and publishers aren't documented cleary.
It is easy to controll the royalty rate.
However, Murakami doesn't have to pay roalties to a pubulisher because he released his novel as an e-book.
For readers, it has many merits; book prices will drop, readers may be able to read books wherer they want and so on.
I heard that these two cities have nemerous Japanese companies.
The real deasign
That is the typical traditional Japannish thought.
English poeple never remove foam from dishes after washing them. Is this true or false?
He ansered that it is the stereotype like the illusion that most Japanese people wear glasses with big lens.
Currently, here in Brazil, there are many cases of UFO abduction, but the government still has no comment on the subject. Even so, there are many communities that do ufology studies by itselves.
I wonder if in the near future all information regarding UFOs will be decontroled and the truth will come to light...
But I think I can handle this in the fulture!
I'll tell you about my favorite moive.
Becouse I love drums and marching.
Recently I undrestand CNN News (pod cast) which is an improvement from 1 year ago,
All of us complaind about our speaking teacher because she's not a good teacher.
I like building by design master. Their construction can transmit great informantion and express their unique ideas, so I like this the best.
Japan should stop whlaing
Secondly, Whles are our friends and we live on the earth together.
Finally, each species has its reason to exist and the whale's activeties makes the ocean clean. It is a kind of magical creature.
We left the Marlion Park and went to the Raffles Hotel.
It was too expencive for us, but we were interested in the hotel so we went to look around there.
The roby was well cleaned and its cortile was so beautiful.
We were very satisfied with luxary there!
Fortunatelly, we have not been dissapointed.
But it is too bad that it is so durty on the road.
the Lovegood's house is exactly like I imagonation too!
I cried when dobby died ~ and when Hermione ``obliviate`` her parents.
I have a gift for palying music, but I have to learn another profession, which is my parents 'expectation.
Hepefully, there won't be any trouble during my trip!
English that Japanese high school students are studying is really grammertically difficult.
And the vocaburally is so, too.
I remembered almost all the English grammers, but still, it is sometimes difficult to tell where S ends and where V is.
But this word is actually difficult and it is wierd if I use the word when I talk with friends or children, right??
I thought it was too big for my coumputer, so I canceled the download.
because I wanted to be Network Engeneer.
But now I'm not so sure about that, and that's why I want to practice, to see if I can really speak enlish.
I tought that I should take care of my health beause it is so weak.
However, our town has not campaigned to buid windmills.
There are some differences in opinion as to whether the view with mindmills is acceptable or not.
While I was looking for the place, I tried to call my friends, but ``they`` didn't ansewer.
I stayed up there untill next morning.
I want to discucss a lot about grammar relating to our feeling, and also our mind with analytical way.
This is a heroic town, because it is servived the Great Patriotic War.
Sometimes, I work, and now I water the flowers around my school)) I have a yonger brother, he is 8 years old, and he studies in my school.
There are, however, many things we have to do to protect and develope their understanding of human rights.
Spanking is needed sometimes, especially when children are too young to hold desent conversations.
I was also studing English in my dream!!
I believe that time solves enerything!
Somtimes I had to choose between them.
So I'm afraid you can't see the upper rainbow so cleary
We enjoy wachting programs on it!
(Of cource, I want to study English.)
I am so happy today, because my company got this big case this morning. It's big news for all of the staff in our company, because it means we have things to do and that there is no need to afraid we will be laid off, or take unpaid leave. ^ ^, Recently the globle economy is so bad thatmany people got fired, so it's very helpful to have a big project in our company, ha ha ha ha
Since it's raing, I can't go out and play,
Recently, I fool around anywhere and surf over the Interent all day.
My mobile phone is possily broken.
I'm really worring about this problem.
I want to speak and write English well, so I have begun keeping a dialy.
It was slipepery and dangerous.
New vocabulary plactice Mar 19th, 2009
Please help me to crrect my English.
I met my sister at the restraunt.
I still remenber I went to this school alone with a big luggage three years ago.
I will always cherich the experiences I had at SCNU.
So, I went to reserch the market in Italy.
quite religios.
I am determined to learn English, but my English skils are not very good.
This surely incruding me.
It might be becouse Japanese does not have similar words.
I experianced various things that were good and bad.
make my mind to go abroad to study, help with some company wokring...
At Sydney, there are ten campuses such as Camperdown, Cumberland, Mallett Street, and so forth.
When I wtote the tile and the first sentence of this diary, I wondered if ``Families' New Year's Party ``was more suitable.
However, if we lose air we are unlikely to survice.
In present day, air pollution get worse and worse, Industries at will eshale the waste gases, more and more people drive to work and like smoking.
we should find a method to slove this problem.
Before exhale the waste gas, industries must instell waste gas puification apparatus.
As promoted by the development of modern science and technology, television programs today attact a vaster group of audiences with tremendously enrichied conten and a 24-hour rolling schedule than ever before.
The fact that television seems to control our choice of leisure and entertainment has recently brought a problem to focus on: whether has television destroyed communication among frineds and family?
Beside, in my own family, my parents and I enjoy the time when we are sitting together and watching tere-films.
I do not deny that there may be some cases that people are so addicted to television or some other habits that he/ she will probably ignore communication with friends adn family.
Rumor has it that Seth Rogen didn't read off the same sheet of music as Hong Kong's famous actor Stephen Chow for the flick ``The Green Horner``, which will hit the big screen in early 2011, thus Taiwan's hottest singer ``Jay chou`` substituted for Stephen Chow, as the lead male's assistant ``Kato`` that used to be played by martial arts master Bruce Lee.
I have never eaten a sandwitch there and wanted to eat one.
So they came to my house and celeblate the new year.
Every year we watch Ekiden where college students run a long distance and pass a batton (taski).
my cousin's childlen came to my home for the first time.
I enjoyed the new year holyday enough.
Is it true or false that cellphones influence the functioning of pacemakes?
So I hope somebody can help me correct my gramma!
Third, the author described that the ultra malathon race took place in a mountainous area in Mexico, where American top ultra malathon runners and Tarahumara runners competed against each other.
In 1996, the writer died because of liver fauler.
I have begun writing a diary in English using this web site. I also try to correct diaries writen in Japanese.
I will need your helf in the future.
My companys holicay lasts from the second to the sixth of May.
But if I thoght, my holiday could not become long.
I wanted to a cold drinke.
4 custermer were there.
That's because we are taught grammer, not conversation.
I know grammer is very important when learning a foreign language, but I think we need more practice speeking.
I have a frind in Oregon.
We visited many palces when she was in Japan.
It is afternoon in Thailand and I feell really hangry, I will find something to eat..
Since my daughter is still a baby, I cann `t do anything I like if she is awake.
because my friend told me that reading books helps ur spellings and reading skills.
So they often sprincle water on the coal in stockyard.
It looks like not only me, but also other people all aroud the world are interested in the Android phone.
I often use subjects of sentences repeatly.
I could see piled stones, vertical criffs and rough sea.
While I hadn't booked any hotels or other accomodations, it was not too difficult to find vacancies there.
So, I was thinking that I could easily find a room available on this small ireland, too.
I therefore decided to aks him what I should do.
After school my firend consoled me.
I watch movies and read English books, but my main problem is with speaking, writing and using grammer correctly.
(I've studied grammer but I don't know how to use it when I speak.)
Today is rainny in Kyoto, Japan.
My favorite music is Perfume and Lady Gaga. I can't wait until the Gaga's new alubum is released! Perfume is made up of 3 Japanese gilrs.
Some peple say ``If you want to live in Japan, you should apply for citizenship.
Of caurse, I love Japan more than Korea.
I came to Toronto in February of 2009. I wentto English school and got a job. It was geart experience for me.
Can I get the target I palaned at the beginning of this year.
I want to go to Janpan after 2 years.
I want to know more about life in Janpan.
I hope someone can tell me if a student studying abroad can find a job and support himself in Janpan?
Anyway, I cannot write in Hirakana today like magic.
todey is wrok tekes a rest.
it was possible to run 10Km todey.
Many questions have not been slved....
I've noticed that the reason for my lacking English adility is my small vocabulary.
And the avant-title of ``A Channel the Animation`` shows the names of criateors with a very cool style.
I'm trying to study grammer from the beginning now.
These are quite expencive here in NZ.
I usualy can't afford to buy these things.
It also reminds me of Ghaza and our situations these days.
I Ibelive you can do it, too.
Fist, you can remember some set phrases and senentce structures.
Then try to form them into a new, ete sentence.
I stayed my friend's house and I come back to my room next da.
I sepend the whole day at home today.
While travering, I ate varios food in each town.
Next manth, I will make and launch a model rocket.
My grandmother lives in Hukushima.
Hukushima has nuclear power plant which has been issued.
We had special dinner with our grandparents and cousnes.
I belog to the basketball team.
Today praztice was so interesting.
I just wake up 7 AM, and take half an hour for shower and breakfirst.
But there is specally nothing to do
in winther.
My boss, who has good sence of humor, is nice guy and allows me to study something when I don't have any work to do.
I love soccer so I watch soccer gemes, not only Japan's but other countries as well.
At the beginning of the year, there were many goals that I set up with hope but now, I guess, there were few things that happned.
It means ``the goddedss of liberty.``
Recently, a close friend of mine hestitated to apply for the receptionist job.
She stayed at home all day to prepare everthing for her husband.
Abolusily not!
We somtimes must endure their unreasonable requirements.
Even though I come from a non-unwealth family, I never look down at my family and myself.
good mornig everyvody!
I woke up, and then I had a brealfast of steamed bun, a banana and milk.
I keep writing on my diary recenrly.
it's becaouse I don't have an opportunity to speak english.
it sounds a litte strenge but I don't think so
how boering! becouase we don't meet everyday
Although I've learnt so much, I still don't have enough confidence to face my furture.
It is an outdated thought to discriminate against bi-biracials in the age of globalization.
but it is rainning in Japan....
menu: vinegared rice topped with fish, melon, noodles and green soybeens.
Tomorrow I'll paticipate in a water melon festival.
Although I am not gay, I don't think people should kill someone just bacause they don't like them.
My friend who went to Canada says crows there are very small, like spallows!!
Japanese crows eat bagages and grow fat. ``
I went to an English seminar last saterday near Tokyo station.
But that seminar was good opotunity for me, due to meeting people who are highly motivated and achieve higher levels than me.
I will have a TOEIC TEST in Novemver.
Ran to th public bath
Because I don't know much vocaburary and can't speak well.
For today's dinner, mashroom was served.
Well, that's ok because I ate delicious tacos and pizza after that.
My gentle host mother allowed me to pay tommorow.
I'm interest in playing and listening to classical guitar, riding bicycle, traveling abroad and playing Starcraft craft etc.
Please enjoy my posts and give me advice about my posts with type-o, grammer and vocabulary etc.
I have a girlfrind.
She told me to let our relationship return as it was before when we were frinds.
Shortly after I went back home to put the souveniers in my room, I left my home for a Japanese restaurant.
I've got to appriciate that.
I think that Koreans like to go to the brand name coffee stores especailly when they want to meet friends or want to read a book, study, etc.
Firstly, Koreans have a tendancy to look for brand name products when they buy something.
The boys had breadkfast.
I want to take a rest after class but my famaily said, ``you are a high school student, so you should
But many people think speaking and writing English well is somewhat of a previlege.
So I went to the secod floor.
I didn't understand why he couldn't see me, because he saw the first floor where I shaked from.
At the moment, all my classmates are typing their essays on the Intrnet.
Indeed, it was as hot as cragy,
Insteadly I swimmed 1km.
I think this is a hard problem because owners might say: ``It is right to buid my house on my land`` and need to immediately be solved by the government.
Speaches, chatting, twittering.
There were some core developers of CakePHP and they made speaches.
I was there a few years ago and that rame was very delicious.
One feature of this rame is that it is rich.
I registerd at Lang-8 Today.
I think Lang-8 is a great SNS because it has the express purpose of studing English.
Today, I'm in a bad mood because of my college entrance examination, I didn't perform well, especially Math.
But now I still can't commend cenimas with English.
If so, I'm courious to know what they are doing.
I want be always surrounded by peaple who enjoy talking with me.
Worring about security, I set a password for the file.
Autumn season is the best season to excercise for us in Japan.
Why don't other contries clean their ears?
The news lepoter said ``Alomost all the world's people don't clean their ears.``
There are ea cleaners servis in Japan.
We sometimes clearn our ears.
Clearning ears is good feeling.
How does it become if you don't clearn (your) ears?
The tradisional earpick of Japan hasa top of cotton or Daruma.
My bithday is at the end of December.
I make it a rule to go to univetcity by foot.
I must pay my univercity fee without my parent's help.
I pay my univercity fee out of my own pocket.
I got up at 8: 00 and had breadfast,
The city is very polular with people having fun, especially surfers.
Kanji is Chanese, some are the same but others are different.
Recently, I have been warried about my future.
I found that I neaerly have no free time for myself, but I will still try my best/ hardest.
I printed out my diaries with your correctings.
Im reviewing my diaries and reading many people's correctings now!!!
I hope that I increase my vocabralies and learn how to express myself.
It tasts very good.
Though I have been learning English for many years, I find it's really challenging to improve my spoken English because of limitted learning environment.
WHEN I LISHEN TO THEM MY COLLEAGUES SPEAK ENGLISH WELL.
EVERY DAY I GO TO WORK, TELLING MYSELF I SHOULD LEARN SPEAKE ENGLISH.
My friend took me out the restrant.
In the afternoon, I rode my eletrical bike to work.
It was 9 p. m. when I arrived at the centrul of Bergen.
Fimally, I will always clean up our apartment.
On days like today people use electocity a lot, but due to the earthquake that occured on 3. 11, we are short of electrocity.
The government told us not to use electrocity carelessly, but they didn't announce any countermeasurement against the shortage of electrocity.
By the way I want to buya pair crocs.
The station staff told me that I may have to wait about 3 hours, so I went to Xihu to kill the time. I was walking arround the lake for nearly 2 hours and took more than 100 pictures, then I went back to station to catch the train, but the depressing result turned out that the train has been cancled.
What shoud I call this phenomenon?
For example, the word ``perfect`` is ``perfekt`` in Greman so I ofen make a mistake.
So I get used go to bed at three or four o 'clock in the mornig.
When teaching Japanese, I need to explain so the other person can clearly understand the basic gramatical concepts.
I heard from my friends that there was a website in which we can get corrections from real native lunguage speakers.
Is it a correct sentece.
We should work together and try to buliding our future!
know how many rich men can be avalible for their request!
I belive my life will change for the better and I will
I am a saleman in spite of having a problem with speaking.
If I were not a person that stutters, I would probably laught at it, too.
I didn't even think that I would become a saleman.
I have met several people who have overcome their stutering.
They said that being old and having experience counts, so I belive that I can get over it.
I'm ok with the dress but really don't know what in green can be added to the outfit: scarf, hairband, necklace or bracelet?
She is a student at an insitute.
She likes chockolate very much.
I combined this into the previous center.
But I couldn't drink beer becouse I went by car.
One of the plece I would like to visit is New York.
My plan is to open it near a university, because I want to cook delicious and unexpensive lunches, cake, coffee and tea for many students.
I want a lot of advice and masseges about my dream!!!
Recentry, we had Weight training.
We enjoyed gliled fish, Japanese radish salad, yakitori (chicken roasted on a spit), and ochazuke.
I didn't feel bad at frst.
I have already reserved the bullet tarin's sheet which I'll ride on.
We should notice that school education starts too late, at which stage, the fundation of a child's personality has already developed.
basically I lost attension easily
man, that is fraking gross lol
It was a very hot day, but I had a very good time with my campany.
It has been rainning cats and dogs this week.
I chose two songs ``Somewhere in my Broken Heart`` by Billy Dean and ``Song from a Stormy Night`` by Secrect Garden ``.
I found out this song by chance but it is perfect from the lyrics to hythm.
And sice I'm a person that's easily distracted, it's good for me to learn how to use my time more efficiently.
Oberserve the progress as you go and see whether you are staying on the task.
Most Japanse people are Buddhists, but they are not seriously religious.
I can't resist eating my fovorite foods like cake, ice (cream?), and snacks.
I've come to realize that that is not helthy.
I should save some money and be carefull not to eat junk food.
I will eat chiken and more delicious food.
Those are just begining words? because I just have been studing Chinese
I have totaly no idea what to do now, but I'm going to find a way to help them one day.
I went to the graveyard with my family bacause it was Obon.
Checking my grandfather's Buddhist name is like preparing for my father or my mather's death.
Only a few munites after my first diary here, the kind snowleopard helped correct my mistakes.
In onsen-hotel housewives can relux to their heart's content.
Because she cannot only escape from her daily house choires but doesn't have to do anything for her family.
So, their dream was go to onsen and relux!
The shcool keeps me very busy,
I was able to book a concert ticket that I appied for last month.
Correct fanction, Coment fanction and so on, is PCver.
the beautiful sky after a rainny day.
I love the sky, especially after a rainny day.
Some foeigners want to add strangers as friends
I don't want to connetct just to collect friends.
After arrived at home I recongnized whose house it is.
Most of them are not good at Englsih and do not like studying Englsih, [comma]
In the show, a man who lives in Mali sent a walmful message to Japan.
Interduce my self
telemarker for the day.
This symposium is thought that the biggest one in the magnetic societly.
mmm...
Before you achive success, you may go through tough experiences.
I constantly recieve things that make me wonder what I should do to make them pay for it.
our food self sufficinecy rate is really low, compared to other countries
Mnn no, actually my friend's mother gaved me chocolate!
A few days ago, I (we) started twitter for appeare our issu.
140 letters at a time seems too short, but if you squeeze your brain, 140 letters can be good enouhg.
The problem is if I can continue to wrigt or not.
I sowed some moning glory seeds, but only 3 of the sprouts came out.
These days I'm so weary because of losts of assingments.
Hello, I found this site by accident, and it is cool, I realy think this site can help me a lot while I am trying to improve my English.
I think her traverls are 5 times better than her novels.
But not anyone can travel to 3 coutries during a 1 year period like her.
I am a lucy guy.:)
If my sentences don't make sence or are grammatically incorrect, then please correct them.
My favorit subject was Botany.
Recently, I've come home without work, so I habe time to learn foreign languages by myself and train for Aikido.
That's why I realy want to speak English.
Saying ``IPhone is necessary for you``, some of my friends bought it, in fact.
Also, it is good for the enviroment.
all teachers understand my seepch
Also, my expression is same everday
Nowadays, fast fastfood restaurants are also beginning to provie a light meal like a salad or a lower calorie drink like a diet Coke.
I hope the sun will be shining when we arrivr at the park.
so not only soloists but also groups can hav an audition in season 3.
When I speak, I become confuse beacause English and Japanese have different word orderings...
Also my writng is not good...
I'm really upset, because I have 1 mounth before I leave.
I miss Taichung and my old frenids.
I usually grind the favourit coffee beans and make some coffee.
My favourit coffee beans are deeper roasting, bitter-tasting.
(Sometimes when the coffee beans are sold at a bargain price, I make the dicision to buy immediately.
The city was hit by a a atrong earthquake, but Tokyo has stayed strong!
I did not know he was sit near my foot and playing in the computur.
He siad to me ``what? What did I do?``.
I come ftom Taiwan.
They came from England, Canada and Amarica.
But, fortunatly, I'm better and now I am coming back.
I will plant them some bright day in the middle of Novenber.
Of course it has cool music, a good cast, and an awosome script.
I want to study englsh.
1 cola is about 250 yen, a burger set from Macdolands is about 1200 yen...
will not be able to eat humberger for 1 year....
The sennd one is the Chinese Pavilion in the EXPO.
A lot of new similar idoms
The other day, I went to the Kyushu National Musium in Fukuoka, Japan, and I saw ``the national treasure Asura``.
There were many people, so I wated in line for a while.
The moment I saw the Asura statue, I felt ious mystified, because in spite of the many people/ the big audience, Asura was standing there quitely.
I know both the bride and the bridegloom, so I hope they'll have a truly happy new life together.
Then I had breakfast and did not konw what to do next.
I arrived at InCheon Internation airport early.
I was so nervours,
However, my teacher is very strict to me, and she always tells me that the facial expression of my painted cherubs looks so weired that I have to repaint them.
I had never gone abriad before I went to Ireland.
I was only Japanese person in tjis stable.
And it's the first time as well that the original will be played without turning it into a simple one for beginers.
It's ``Gymnopedie`` conposed by Eric Satie in France in 1888.
Creck here.
I dicided to buy it.
It let me study about Korean history such as how the North-South war started in 1950 and the annexation of the Korean pennisula by Japan beginnig in 1910.
But I workd.....
I got some chocolate and a maffin because it is White day.
The one I had most success with was a rabit.
I fed it from a little rabit to a big one.
Alan Rickman plyaed in this movie.
But I believe that if there are diffrent forms existing, then there must be some reasons for them to exist and for natives to use the way especially about the usage of articles.
Although I have learned a lot in school, I can't turn all Chnise into English because I don't know the vocabulary.
I am worried about my English resume, because I'm afaid that my broken English would make the offices laugh over their head.
I recived my telephone bill today.
I use that phone for internet access. It's not suppost to be used to call friends. It's just me that uses this number to call people sometimes.
The details of the bill said I called and used it for arond 1. 30 hous or something like that. I did not use it like that. I just use it for 5 minutes to calle my friends.
They can't check it right now but they said they will let me know lettar.
and I am very busy preparing for departuring!
We were able to listen to the sound of the waves while we were soaking in the buthtub.
Some friends talk about their seacret stories, usually related to love.
I don't know why, but I also feel like talking about that as I am soaking and relaxing in the buthtub.
But the importent thing now is to organize a rescue operation.
In fact, my father and I just went to the store (on) the day beofre the murder.
I was really surprized because the horrible murder happened close to where I live.
I got a cash gife.
I'm so stressed that I can't concertrate on the presentation.
There are five people in my family. My mother's name is Wanpen, my father's name is Sonjonh. I have one sister. Her name is Tudsanaporn. I have one yong brother. His name is Lertchai.
I want to make friends when I travel to foreign coutries:D
I wanted to buy 500g of chiken, but there wasn't such a volume, there was either kirograms or whole chicken carcasses!!
The shopping cart was very larege too, so I couldn't help but buy more things than needed.
I love to lsten to classical music on the internet Radio ``Classic FM (UK)``.
Sometimes I have listend to ``Out Of Africa (Screen music)`` on the radio.
If I have mede any mistakes in these sentences, please correct them!!
Of course Macdonald's food is not capable to properly keep us healthy because they use lots of oil and it's hard to keep good balance of nutrition if we only eat from their menue.
if I stop, many things will change. I don't like my life at this moment. I can't realx myself. What I can do is make fun of the people who live around me.
Someday, I wanna watch those movies without English subtitles and speak English fluentlly like a native.
I love oily American food, but over-eating is bad for our health, so I need to exercise more self controll!!!
Today is Moteher's Day!!
The peanut butter includes pieces of peanuts and is a little saluty.
Also, I like paticurally bitter chocolate.
I Worry about it verry much.
But I kown I will get busier and busier.
Maybe I enjoy it, I'm also afriad of it.
One day goes by angin, en (?) a little bit helpless, but also with some regret! ah!
It sprended good smell in the bathroom.
I am watching a foreighn drama.
It was popilar in Janan awhile ago.
I heve not watched all of season 1 yet.
I think I need more regular excercise. People have many excuse for not to excercise, mine is I am afraid of my skin getting darker.
Even thouh he said he won't develop a relationship with someone just passing through, I still fell into his warmness deeper and deeper day by day.
No matter how loud the clock rang, I had no reaction, so I skipped class this morning.:p But in facts I want to know if there's any way can make me miss him lessly, cause my friends always told me to forget a person it is impossible to be with.
I like the cleass so much, but it's pretty hard for me to follow up.
1-Watashi no ima wa ookikute hiiroi desu, sorekara okki mado ga jitensha-doori ni menshite imasu.
3-Chairoi taku wa arimasu, desuga zenzen watashitachi wa tsukaimasen, nazenara itsumo okimono de ippai dakara desu.
todya there was a flamenco show in this restaurant.
I can aiways listen to the music of flamenco.
I like this music, but cannot dance fulamenco.
It's Especialy comfortable to run in the morning.
I wore a beatuful dress and had a lot of make-up on.
Is my feelings straing??
So I asked a salewoman if she had the novel 'The English Patient'.
# 2 is her diaglones and cut her teeth.
# 3 is her medicion.
I can't fall asleep today, because a hurrican has come to Korea.
Hello my friends, I have miseed writng in Lang-8.
It was the mopst Lovely Holiday of my Life.
The only thing I am worried about is that someone might hit me and try to steal my money because I have heard there are poeple who assaulted and stole money from people at ATMs in Japan.
Turnitin is a detector for bad academic practice or pladiarism.
Without having to include any references it would mean it's pladiarism.
If Turnitin warned you that you have pladiarism, you must rephrase the sentences in your own words or include references that you borrowed from other writer or creator's ideas, otherwise you will lose a lot of points and, to make matters worse, you will fail the course immediately.
I have been a public servent for 2 years.
I'm going to join in the Engrish cominucate Forum tornament.
``it's time I've wated for your rose that makes your rose so important``
It is like a child's drawing, so I get embarrasssed.
The firewood is fuel for the water wamer.
Nowadays, fuel for water wamers is mostly gas or electricity.
I am feeling a littel bit sad.
I went for a walk around my neiborhood and found that many things have changed.
Many intereting shops have been built and it is a pleasure to enjoy them.
I did not intend to addess political or environmental issues.
For everyday since I had to care of my grandmather, who has
I remember when I enjoyed some seasonal festivals with neigbors, went to temples or shrines to be grateful, cook and eat traditional food to be eaten at the particular period.
I'd never heard of such costom before.
Yhen I went to the little shop (on campus), it was crowded too.
One of the children is eitht months old and the other two are one year old.
We have saperated axactly one year ago.
I played Cod4 in an internet cafe with a Japanese girl, but we didn't talk much with her, because she was too depressed when shi was playing the game.
Actually, at first I wanted to study phsycology as my major away from my hometown;
As a result, I followed one of my best friend to enter the university that I'm at stuying now.
Besides Japanese, I'm also very interested in other cultures, like European and American culture.; p I hope I can make more friends from different contries, learn more about different cultures and make a difference in my life.; p
Becouse the bang has hang over my eyes.
If you use Twitter, let's become friends. Ha haha!
I am very happyyy!!!
It occure to me that we could have a uesful and interesting time together.
But the wheather forcast said it would snow by midnight.
But if the tenperature is not so cold then there is a lot of rain or snow.
Snow makes tranceportation difficult.
I feld very good
and helthful.
I will take my holiday for Chinese Spring Festival from tomorrow till Frbr. 102009.
So in this perion I may not come here as frequently as I've been doing now due the inconverence in accessing the net.
Today I had planed to read my book before I went to sleep but I am still spending a long time correcting my diary I think I will probably read it tomorow morning.
Also it is much more defficult to talk to someone when I cannot see his/ her face.
Unfortunatly, I have no chance to speak English in Japan.
I boutht roled fruits cake for him at Shinagawa station on the way home.
Dragon Quest joker that I boutht one month ago.
If they play a game for thirty muniutes in the morning they shoud go and play outside for one hour in the morning and the same in the aftenoon.
These are really necessaly clothes but they are also a little expencieve for me.
Also, I love ``Vronica Mars`` ^ ^
We can inquire about the resulst.
You also have to believe in youself.
This is Beacause it should help me to improve my sense of rhythm. (I want to be a good singer!)
I feel like I am a good frind with this device.
If he is forgotten by evreyone, he will receive a real death.
However, that is not real space flight, but that is the first step in brining space tourism to our daily life.
many Korean students don't like to styudy for TOEIC,
The purpose of visiting Nikko was to talk with forigners in English.
After lunch we walked around Toshogu Shrine, but we didn't catch/ meet any other forigners.
Conglats!!
I'm no longer supprised when we have blackouts because I'm now prepared for them.
Now, I look at my game collcetion and I ask my self: how did I play all these games?
I am studying to prepair for the promotion test.
I'm having trouble with my anoying neighbor.
I'm at the univercity in Japan.
I don't bileave that news!!
butI reallywant to communicate with a foreign student, especialy with chinese or japanese student.
I'm looking forward to making many friends here, so please contact me if you have any of those hobbies listed obove.
I had a 5 minites nosebleed but it was nothing serious fortunately.
Studens really wanted to watch that game.
We were really depressed and didn't consentrate.
Not being able to stand and see the unacceptable truth, we are planning to creat a new club where students can stick together and share experiences in learning English.
To have a success in orgernizing an English club, the leaders need to have interesting activities to contribute and maintain it.
because I don't have enough English skill and vocabrally.
Beacuse Baigou is ``The city of Bags`` in China.
After the meeting, we ordered a pizza and had a dinner togerther.
First taime?
So... here is a question from me, what shoud I do each weekend?
Today, I showed my mother how to make a decolation mail by moble phone.
It is wholesome erotic, so it's safe for childre.
The day before yesterda was Eurovision.
many thought that it was a failrute.
I fortot to erite X 'mas cards to some friends, so I wrote some in class.
or Europian countries because Nobita is so lazy.
Occatinally, we should go through trial and error to determine the best process.
I love to watch mvies.
I go to the movies and rent DVDs oftenI also have movie channels on my TV, so I can wach movies almost every day.
I have a lot of favorite movies, and I want to recommend ``Beauty shop`` with Queen Ratifha.
and ``Nobit`` (I'm not sure if the is correct) with Eddie Marfhy.
(It's so difficult to spell peoople's name)
My favorable feature about the game is that you can go a battle against your enemies even if your are only level one!
Because I don't think I'm ready enough for my futur.
And I think getting older means having many responsability.
Now, I really want my wife to be a Japanese cartoon whorshiper.
As I had thought, she entusiastically read it HAHA.
Probably because, in Singapore, Japanese comics are littile more expensive than in Japan.
I heve to get better, especially at long-distance Free style
My job is engeer in semiconductor.
I recieved a mail from my daughter in Bali, Indonesia.
I have always been interested in online learning and am looking forward to gaining more experience in tis field.
I look forward to seeing my friend becuase we haven't met for a while!
I hope to improve my English becuse my grammar is bad and my vocabulary is so poor.
I hope someony will correct my English.
He remenbered his father, mother, brother and sister.
His tearcher liked him, not only is he a good student, but also he is only foreiger in the class.
Can you guess how many men are in Jam's familly?
Yesterday morning, I didn't check a weather forrecast.
writing skills, but also it will be a good chance to get various expirience with
I should have spoken clearly and maken sure.
Of course, I watched ``Ugrry Betty``.
I will probably watch ``Ugrry Betty`` tomorrow too.
m and finished at 7 p. m. After that I had to togo to the office for study session with my co-workers and my boss.
Is that right sentense?
Uuuuu I becam sleepy, I think I should stop imagining stupid things.
I'm 12 years old, I want to make a lot of frend.
today I took a bubble bath, for the forst time,
The Feamale instructor is very nice.
The most popular one at the libraby in my town was ``Magical Cleaning: Clean your house with pounding heart.`` The waiting list for this book had more than thirty people on it, so I didn't enroll my name on the list.
I have to pass a State English exam so I'll be very gratefull for your help and corrections!
There's a chance to meet a person who has a simillar inner world like mine.
It was very dericiouse.
In our city, winter is ofter cold; strong frost, snow storms, and ice.
Auturm will bring joy to us, when nature comes alive and becomes warm and affectionate.
I sometimes felt sea sichness.
Yalta is a centre of tourism and enternaiment-well-looked after parks and alleys, a wonderful beach, waterparks and many cafes. All of this attracts many tourists every summer.
Alupka has a beatiful botanical garden, which contains a collection of plants from all over the world.
1 To polish my shoews after coming home.
5 To raise my English skill from beginners level to intermeditate
Misterious man
They came by submarine and consisted of 11 people. They then finally sucsessed through to the boundary of the Korean forces.
But all of them were killed by the Korean soldiers, and so he continued to find them while woonded on the mountain with his spirit!!
So I brought hime to a pet shop in the evening.
According to the weather forecast, it will continue to rain untill tomorrow.
Yeahhhh-------------------!!!!
I'm studing English little by little each day.
Therefore, I was reserching the market related to these products and costomer.
I'm still cotinuing to reserch today.
Then, I play that melody with the new keyboard I purchesed recently.
I'm writting an E-mail.
My mother and I hope she stays in Canada and takes ESL at univesity or college becouse it can be more easy to enter, save the money and Univesity in Canada is not bad! r
Umm chould you tell me two ways? (take some exam course and ESL class at university.
I heard her thinking that she want to do roomshare near downtown from 12/ 26 and it is better that room mate is Japanese becouse of safety.
Chould you ask your friends?
Sorry, my English is really wrong, I appriciated your support.
Many Japanese prefer to use mixi rather than facebook, because they have resistance to being discoverd by acquaintances (e.
I've had a funny evening with friends. We went to a big shopping center, then went back to my home and had dinner together.
I am working in an ``Automobile Industly Corpolation``.
The machine's name is a ``Gear Incert System``.
We have until tomorrow to finish any ajustment.
Hmmmm, what shold I write about..
My Japanese friend Momo and I are in the same englich class since this semester.
For example, she can understand what I say like ``sit down.``, ``get the doll.``, ``wanna eat?``, ``take money``, ``wanna have a snak?``, ``wanna take a walk?``, ``bring the line.`` and so on.
cought a cold?
I think I cought a cold.
So I shoud go to bed earlier today.
I am writting my dialy for the first time.
Nowadays I study English for bussiness.
My bussiness is sales, and it imports produts from the USA for sale in Japan.
I need to conduct sales meetings with foreigners seeral times in Japan.
And since I've used a lot of my time to read English, I am not good at speaking Enlish.
So I want to get my speakin ability better by writing a dialy.
I feel these 10 years have really flom by.
I rentel a car.
I am worring a lot about my future.
Althought I may spend all day making this cake, I still want to do it.
On the thired day, after I left the hotel, I drove my car to my home.
I was impressed by the size and the cultureal diversity of America.
I got rock salt of the Hymarayan as a ledies 'gift.
Most Japanese students do not go to school on s ``a`` sturday but I ``am`` this year.
The course instructer is not stricy but gentle and polite; I thought in my mind that I could keep up with the course!
It is the start of ``a`` new week and study on c ``a`` cumpus.
But it's diffcult to do.
Now, I moved to another place, so I have to trancefer to another school named Northview (read like ``No frills`` LOL).
A third dolphine apparently tried for two weeks to swim through the icy channel, but reportedly a teenage boy dove into the water, wrapped his arms around the dolphine, toddled it to the boat, and released it safely.
I called her back, wondering what happend.
Due to the child's mischief, I enjoyed a lovely conversation with my old freind.
These grils did not seem Japanese from any angle.
Anyway, I sighed with reliaf...
Last week, I sang and played the guiter in front of my friends.
I have been playing the guiter for two years, but I have never played it in front of so many peaple.
Recently I had a headach and a stomach ache.
Dealing with all that daily hassle.... (although that's what ppl are supposed to do everyday)
I went to bed from 4 p. m. to 8 p. m., so I'm not sllepy.
But they said ``Don't use lip balm outside of its intended porpose.``
I had a fantastic year. I passed the hair dresser national exam, I met wonderful frends, and I've had lots of experiences after coming to Vancouver.
Now I am learning two languages, the first language is English, the second is Serbskiy.
I have proposed many business plans and a business model, which I think was nice, but he only said that he takes them into considerasions.
Now, I am studying programming and a system engeneer.
A lot of people, not only Chinese but also other countries ', are used to downloading pirated moives or music from Chinese sites.
I went to the International party in which anyone can participate as long as they have alredy paid about 3000 yen each before the party.
I think peple are can move from country to country more easily than in Japan because Japan is an island.
I have a qurstion!
Two celebrites committed suicide recently.
on my importent day
I hope to make friends with a lot of peaple on Lang-8.
It happend in the north east area of Japan when I was at home. I then turned on the TV and watched the News.
An earthquake is dreadful but a tsunami is much more dreadful, I thought while wathcing TV.
Amazing goal achievment
To achive that, I need to take breaks efficiently.
MUSIC is one of my lifelines to survive in these stressfull days.
Remember, you should listen with the higher quarity HD mode.
according to the rankings of the most popolar dogs in Japan,
I wana speak English.
How can I speak englsh?
How many times has the prime monoster changed in the last a decade?
I like to take pistures, and I want to become a designer:D
When I go to foreigh countries sometimes, I want to speak English well!
Scientists think that the entrance to this cave collapsed and animals died from the lack of oxigen.
It was a really good dinnner, but I'm so full now.
I aired out my 'zabuton' becaouse it was fine.
To Forigner, Japanese women look kind, tender, and honest.
She wrote her feeling and appologie in it.
Today, I went to a Vietnamese restrant with my friend after work.
I took part in Enlgish Speech Contest yesterday.
However, we haven't made reservations for a hotel, train or flight yet because I don't kwow wheather I can get an annual paid holiday on 28th December.
However, I've gradually learnt/ learned what is needed and recentry I've learnt/ learned how to enjoy the job.
Jeajung not only sing but also cook XD
This was a big celemony on new year's eve.
My daughter was diagnosed with hand-foot-mouth desiese.
I've heard this disease has been going around my frineds 'kids.
I just came back from a trip to sikoku.
It has beautiful and soft sands and little bit of waves (Probably, breeze made that waves.) It totally looked like seashole.
it couldn't compare to the joyment that the real Aussie beach gave me.
Illuminations from each house were brilliant and conjured up a feeling of nostalgea for a fleeting moment.
(it takes you 7 years to become perfert in piano) I'll leave my home in two years and I have a choice: I can lose 2 years in music school to only learn basic skills or I cannot even start.
Her full name is Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll (Oh I can't remenber long names like this) and was born in Colonbia.
I hope I can sing, listen, and enjoy Engilsh songs without subtitels.
: Do you know who this is? The lead singer of Guns 'N Roses, Axel Rose!
: Well now coming in, were you rooting for the rakers or the Sixers?
; The rakers are my favorite team but I'm a huge Iverson fan, so I'm rooting for the underdog because the rakers are like a given, so it's like I went either way.
: Now, Axel, you sat out there, you experienced the Philadelphia fans...
: I know it's your first basketball game ever, and I know its pretty exciting, but when it's all said and done, the season will have been long enouh.
: Axel, thanks for stopping by.
They have ``kushiage``, the spit fried stuf.
You can see how the cook prepaes kushiage from your seat.
Such as meat, seafood, vegitable and even seasonal fruits!
If you order the ``omakase`` course (2500 or 3500 yen), they will serve kushiage one after another untill you say ``plese stop``.
Since Demekin is a small place, it is better for you to make a reservation beforhand for dinnar time.
Fortunatly eveyone was on time!
We ate good food at a restuarant
We could see the nice ocean from the restuarant
The host will invite their relatives, friends or classmates whose closed relatioship from each other sides.
In that day, our old friends or colleages will travel a long way to join the wedding without complain.
The same people were basicly found at two places: your relatives, friends or old classmates.
I'm so lucky that today is not Friday the 13th, because if it was, I could easily be a charracter of some horror film;)
I would aprreciate it if you would correct this.
The article was ineteresting.
I think enantioselective synthesis is very important, espescially as it affects medicine.
So I answer, ``I understand a litte`` or ``I understand most of it``.
Last week, I bought his book titled ``The Last leacure``.
Yesterday was November the first. Some people call this day the Bachelar Day.
I guss it seems that the figure ``1`` looks like a stick in people's minds so that mang guys link it to a bachelar.
Furthermore, January 1 represents small Bachelar Day and November 11 means big Bachelar Day.
water-sensitibe dye using onions, so this time,
Let me explain how to make it breafly.
I would like to do a research on one of the reports about a sports meeting featured in the Renmin newspeper, which is not easy because I have to read all of
Maybe the managers of these comany didn't understand the chinese market at all.
Time: 8 AM on a Weakday (if possible.)
However, some items haven't been configurated yet.
I hope I can make more English speaking firends.
So there are a lot of idioms Japanse don't know.
Our house were really large and we lived with many famlies.
My job is a certificated public accounter?
This year the weather is expecially bad.
Reading an English newsparer
Tomorrw is my mother's birthday.
There was a small town in China and the civils lived peaceful lives.
However, an eathquake hit this town and many buildings were collapsed.
Visitors from foreign countrie also loves Baked Sweet Potato ``Yakiimo``?
had beer a littie while ago.
A lot of foreign guests visited my commpany.
Tomorrow I have a date with my colleages, we'll climb a mountainj, I
the futuer, I will do it. It's very important to me.
Happy weedend!
Maybe my hair is a littele longer than Nicole Richie's hair.
Japan is seen as a representive developed country, and everybody says that Japan is such a splendid country.
So we canle the plan and then I cooked for the first time.
The answer is absolutly not.
Althogh I have studied English for 5 years, I can't write and speak English well.
But my english was not good enough, so we had trouble comunicate.
I was tired because of the time difference, so I went to sleap at once.
How can the human heart be fullfilled?
I started thinking about such things, because I wonderd how my heart could be fullfilled if I can't satisfy my desires or achive what I want to achieve in life.
I'm interested in learning to annreviation messages like people do on Twitter.
Another friend is comming here with a cake he made himself, and others will bring something delicious.
everyting is perpect.
my firend, whose birthday it is, will come here.
My main perpouse was to study English.
I deside that when I leave Los Angeles, I will return or stady hard.
2chan is the largest bulletine board site in Japan.
This scene must be shocking for many Bruce Lee funs.
when I was awake, goodness, the pain was decresing and now I'm fine, heheheh thanks god (__)
There wil be articles, prepositions, phrasal verbs, tenses etc.
I hven't made up my mind if I would go and see a doctor tomorrow.
Also, the Furugana are a big help since I'm so bad with Kanji.
Now I want to draw a simple high school love-Commedy.
I'm hesiting.
When I rode my bicycle, I took my phone from my poket,
But I'll try to keep writng jounal regularly from now on.
My present circumstaces are very hard [/ difficult].
Especialy, poor people suffer the most.
Although we did not make moeny this year, I had a great time.
Good luck my firends.
When I was in 6th grade, suddenly I was out of freinds.
My best freind said other freinds not to play wi
Since then I'm afraid of other people, expecially their eyes and words.
To find good freind, I have to go outside.
But by writing my fellings I want to catch myself.
This summer vacation my family and I got tegether.
But as times go on, there arises some disagreements between my mum and I. I'm a colleage student on vacation and I want to study because I must take an exzam in the later term.
The government takes these measures just in order to bring about some converient.
In my opinion, opening the museum is better, we can learn about the advantages that the goverment providing.
Realizing the policy that is offered to people, knowing that country is always cares about ciril life.
It will promotr our country's development.
But, I saw a mechanical rubber ducky like RobCop for the first time.
One is heading to Dash Village, which is artificialy created for a TV project.
Near the end of it, the earthquak struck Japan.
Through the accident, I take pride in the consideration and cooporationship of the Japanese people.
This site is a little diferent...
I was looking for a song, then I tought: why not pick something related to Sailor Moon?
Then, I tought back to those days when I was watching PSGM...
What happaned to my computer?
bcuz my English is terrible yet.
so we can make time to have fun in Vue and it's so valueable watching movies.
I am so Thanksful.
fry chopped garlic and bacon with olieve oil.
I enjyoyd myself.
Last year, its value went up double or triple compared to the one at the beggining of the year.
Don't be suprised too much!
When I try to memorize them, I write them on papar and read them with speaking out.
I didn't do enything today and yesterday.
He said it is culture shock, moreover Japanese service quality is awesome and creative and enjoynable.
I hete gorst, heights, dark spaces [/ BLUE], sander, when someone hates others, wars, being hated by a person, dying.....
I was very surplised [at] the announcement.
I love the scotish accent!
I've desided to study English everyday!
And at the end are the angels singing in chorus ``Halleluiah``.
Shengbing is the most famours societies in my college, I want to join them very much.
Recently, I watched a video blog posted on 'YouTube,' and the vlogger said in the video: ``The best person that you possibly can be, is yourself.``
Have you already had the oportunity of meeting that girl whose pronunciationin of Russian is very good?
There seems to be many internatinal people here.
And I saw a vedio from youtube.
Menu items are named after certain magic and monstars, and the waiters talk like people in the game.
Whatever happens, I definitly do not have any excuse to lose heart.
Becouse they get marrige young.
By the way, today we celebrated the ``green festival`` which is tradisional in my city.
Despite the young age, the groom looks really calm and plite.
We are supposed to play our song in the ceremony, which wil be fun for us and the guests.
Please check this sentense.
I often travel aboroad alone.
I have been to Vietnum, Cambodia, the UK, Spain, Turkey, the UAE and Greece alone.
When doing so, it is necessary for me to communicate with local people in foreign coutries.
I try to buy my airplane tickts by myself.
It gives me a sense of achivement.
Introducing myself and thinking about a gifft for my friend.
Please let me know if I have made any mistakes in my sentense.
The cow is an old friend of the old man, who has raised the cow since it was very yong.
so I only learned grammer, reading, and writing, but not speakingg.
Especially when I talk to nateve speakers, I feel a bit nervous because they sometimes reply, ``Pardon?`` or ``Say Again``, ``What was that?`` It really made me unconfident to speak.
It helps us improve the ability to relate or summerize something in ways that are easy to get.
Anyway, I have to say that learning anything is not a piece of cake but our passion for them will helps us be good at them easilier and sooner!!!
I don't like only the Europian one but also the Japanese.
I wrote a report about ``Wagashi`` (Japanese tradditional confectionery) at university.
Foods are parishable and it's easy for them to gather mold.
Today, it raind for a long time.
These days, shares of smartphones in Japan are increasingrapidly the same as ohter countries.
So, I do not want to delay making a dayly diary,
and the ``Big Bang Theory`` sope opera is waiting for me!
Some friends told me they also have the same feeling as me, they said sometimes they would feel loney, and when they want to call sb to have a chat, there is nobody to call..
Badly, I don't know why should I do about reseach topic.
this is my reseach topic.
And now, nobody doesdont know what Facebook is.
However, the fact is that we can never garantee that those people will be with us throughout our life.
We keep learning to be independant, starting at a very early age, and are encouraged to creat things by own hands.
By making different decitions or choosing different life directions, we depart from the same junction where we met, became acqauinted, created lots of good and bad memories, and then began our own distinctive jurneys.
There's nothing unchangable in the world.
This sometimes leads to desapointment.
my and a reading room. Starting today, I will go to an English acadamy and reading room.
And I dicided that I will write journal on Lang-8 as much as I can.
I study English because I'm intersted in it.
his wife in a wheelcar,-> wheelchair
Today, I woud like to write an essay about the Tohoku queake.
The train swang back and forth like a swing.
I didn't know what happhend and I thought it was a breakdown.
Whan I heard of the earthquake, there were no trains moving.
It was more terrifying than the queake itself.
I heard that many children were helped by strengers that day.
I don't know which department I'll work for yet, but I feel like I'll be placed in men's clolthing.
I hope I can improve my english by taiking advantage of this site.
He meets her evryday.
My frieds also like movies but their favorites are mainly Japanese or art-house films.
Now I am worried that I may feel that same way and delet this new blog,
And because I also want to promove my blog hehe (http:// room-501.
I am looking forword to experiencing life and culture and so on.
Good eveninng!
ysterday, I went to work.
This is my senond day today.
I checked my dialy entry, and it had many mistakes.
It seems like it is not perfectional at all.
I daydream about having a great job, and being a milliomaire. But while fantasy is pretty, the real word is cruel.
I hope I can imporve.
Additionary the Internet can solve unemployment problem which developping countries have.
The Internet helps us with communicatig with foreigners.
Before the Internet became common, we had to serch for information in dictionaries or books.
Thirdly, the Internet can solve unemployment problem which developping countries have.
By giving buisiness oppotunities to developping countries people, the Internet can make their economy much better.
As you can see many people use the Internet for communicating, finding informaton, and even for developping countries people, they can find jobs by the Internet.
Im often watchi foreign dramas.
I went to the libraly to do some writing homework.
TOEIC is one of the Japanese Enlglish qualification tests,
This mroning, I got up early.
Seoul is expected to be cloudly and without rain.
We went to Koube.
However, I haven't prepared for that at all in this month, so I am very worrried about that.
Since then, I've visited Korea and the philipine.
Father took the yonger of the two children out of the car.
He is a budy of my friend.
They finally successed
So I'll try jogging with my iPod touch and a Nike censsor.
And then I aslo want to traslate papers on other topics which I wrote about, like A town of Tokyo and Images, (That was my specialty.) or something.
That's what japanese does while Japan was invating Asian Countries when Japan was once under imperialism.
But can we say that it's the right thing that it's been a weakness of Japan at deplomacy and Japan is blamed about it forever by some countries?
At first I was surprised at reading a sentence that said ``I felt very happy about Japanese being afflicted by the atmic bomb, when I saw the photographs.``
When I read the sentences, my head seemd to awake suddunly.
In addition, it described the terrible behavior of Japanese soldiers concreatly.
But I think about it calmly now (when I was 20), I have an opinion that it's not a right way of thinking like ``I'm very happy about japanese being damaged.`` Because the ``eveil`` is not one of soldiers or one of the citizens.
Fuji, wchich is the hightes mountain in Japan, and Hamana-Ko lake, Sekigahara.
The stage, the crowd, the light, all has disapeared in a flash.
As I get accustomed to the real world, I start smilling to myself.
Parents threanten children to do or not to do things with horror stories.
He creats his own world, and is great within it.
We enjoyed a delicious lunch, after which, we went shopping and enjoyed the atomosphere of Christmas.
Today was great througu I still felt like a isolated knight except when talking to this girl who was really sweet who taught me the words ``serendipity and kismet``.
are lots of action sean and I liked the story.
But, for tommorows 'classes I will be absent for all of them.
So, I will study hard tommorow.
I haven't gone to any foregigh countries yet.
Perican eat pegion
Genshiken is a club for studying varous anime, video games, and manga at college.
Most the menber in Genshiken are male.
We were a good convination and our team was strong.
I didn't remenber that Mia lives in San Francisco and I was really surprised the city had so many slopes.
In the book I thought there were a lot of instances of lessons on how to be a princess and affairs between Mia's mom and a teacher, but they were omitted. I also thought her granma was older and meaner, but she was so elegant in the movie.
So she can do whatevery she wants.
Becasue I like the French bread best (from all types).
Her actios are so cool!
I think her activitie are worthy of praise and she is a wonderful person.
Representaion of the ``Life of Pi``
One srange thing in the story is that nobody cleans the molded cheese on the ground.
If I hadn't seen the movie, I chouldn't understand the story.
When I go to a supermarket, I walk around to see various marchandise.
I enjoy finding new marchandise.
The inside of it was a paste of sweet potate and rice cake, though it is (usually?) bean paste.
I had a lot of time which I could spend studing English.
But now I work every day exept Sunday and sometimes Saturday (?).
For the last few months, I've been trying to be more progmatic, to accept the harsh realities of life and to do more down-to-earth things.
Luckly, I've found this website.
I said to myself, ``This is a good chance to improve my English.`` I want to thank anyone who will heip me.
Do you have any idea how to spend time in the dark without using electrisity?
I am a little nervous because I will be embrassed if there are not
enough topics and we just sit there in slience.
I hope I could help Japanse as much as possible, also improve my language skills.
I naievely believed those who told (and are telling)
His belief is undarstandable and I agree, it will be the new common sense of this world.
instead of believing in critisisn,
But actually in Japan, where anonimity looks more important than in other countries,
We have to do the parformance in front of the classmates.
They'll eveluate my lesson.
Many classmates make nice matelials like picture cards, letters card, and so on.
They will become my property (?), seeing medical care and meeting English docors and students.
They will become important persons for me in the future because they can cange Japanese medicaln, thinking about Japan objectively.
I wnat to talk with her
This was the nice greeting I heard today, and it should be the idea that radio peiple should keep in mind on Valentine's Day, I think.
But look after, it wasn't that big or complecated.
But there's no regrete.
It's very quitet in the office.
Today I dicided to study English again.
After I watiched in the Garden,
I wanted to be regular emploee of this company.
Cotton increased its sales as well, except that it was a rather dramatical rise from twenty thousand to a peak of eighty thousand.
In January, some menbers of the team changed.
I drank Soju which is Korean traditinal liquor.
I went to the Central department on the 3rd of April where an anti government raly was being held.
Whenever I'm workig in the morning, I hear birds singing and remember a holiday I had taken. I stayed in Sukhothai, Thailand.
in Jingu studiam today.
So I can speak a littele French.
In Japan, a sense of crisis is in the air that tha the nuclear power plant accident might destroy Japan.
Not only the Prime Minister (,) but the peaple should also help revive japan.
Since GEVEY, which I have used for my Sim-locked-iPhone4, has got some ploblems and became
Although It's rather exepensive it's so yummy!_ The same level of Chinese food as in Japan.
A 32inch Samusung costs 23000_ peso.
I carried it back to my room by hand,_ and applid for cable TV which costs 500_ peso/ m per month.
My degital life in Manilla has made rather big (or good) progress!!
I belonged to a musical club when I was a juior high school student.
So I should study Engrish harder.
Of cource, bad things happened.
Alomost all my friends sayd, ``You are very outgoing.``
Therefore, my English gramer skills are very poor, probably this diary has a lot of misstake.
I want to go abroad through a school schlarship program and earn a lot of money for going abroad.
because I got sick recently and I felt that English was hader than before.
Suddenly, I was really worred about that.
Speaking is especialy difficult for me.
It happened suddunly.
I thought it was an emargency.
My boss called me to ask if I could go to waork next Saturday.
I decided to start using Lang-8 to stydy English.
Athough some people believe a considerable proporton of rural students should put a lot of effort into learning, there really is a phenomenon that rural students are more likely to have problems with getting into an university.
Despite that, as an enlightened and obligated government, it shold make this top priority to these originally disadvantaged students.
One of the ways to jugdge if it is okay to lie in a specific situation is to consider the reason for lying.
But since I have gotton friendly with forien people, I found out the fact that we don't tell the truth to people is more common in Korean culture.
Yestoday the dentist (denstist is the name for tooth doctor) gave me a painkiller injection after he pulled a broken tooth from my mouth.
Grammar questions, in paticular, were key problems.
Having a cold is very tierd.
It went the oppsite way.
I'm from China, I can speak chinease!
After sdudting at GV, I camehome.
I would like to buy a red trevel mug.
It looked tasrty:-) I would like to eat it!
I had never eaten vienam noodles.
I'm worring about my English speaking skills.
Therefore, people gradually lose the capability to cherish the elegant tasts of natural food.
I am sorry, I do not have my hometown's photograhp, but I can introduce
it to you! It's a beautiful city, It's very pleasant. People always come in July, August, and September to our city for holidy.
Keeping water confortable for saltwater fish using chemicals is difficult, so we took some tanks and carried them filled with water.
There were Spinach, brocoli, Japanese radish, etc.
These home grown vagetables taste better than the ones in the supermarket.
I always appriciate my parents.
It remainds me of when I was a child.
after getting used to being lazy duging the holiday.
My first lang8 diary is this pege.
I read 'Billy Elliot', a book I brorowed from Jackie.
One day, afther the boxing class, Billy learned some ballet moves in Mrs.
Wilkinson's calss by chance.
When he went to the school for the audition, Billy was frightened of the posh otmsphere and after the audition he thought he wouldn't get in to the school but he did!!
I can't rememger all of it........
She suggestted for me.
coffee jelly 110g, 1/ 4 whipe cream, 1 cup latte pudding, 1 scoop vanilla ice cream
Seattle vs Detroite.
Seattle's starting picher was Michael Pineda.
These days, I have been very busy writing 2 kinds of graduation thesis (because I belong to 2 kainds of seminars...), but these letters were refreshing:)
And after school I go to additional classes in informatics, biologi and algebra.
We had a ferewell party for overseas studens yesterday.
However, the result was incrediblly bad...
Recently, I'm always tired because everyday I wear fomal dress and am asked
So today we're going to renew our expired pasports.
August 11th.* Ougust 11
August 12th.* Ougust 12
August 13th.* Ougust 13
Atheletes playing sports encourage people to be more alive in their life.
Assuming the amount of enjoyment people obtain from waching is proportional to the amount of money athletes obtain, it is even less of a surprise that they receive such a large amount of money.
From a different standpoint, we might view the mountainous pile of money with suspicion of whether they, atheletes, really need such money.
I think that they don't have enough provisions of electrisities.
Anyway, I gave up on taking a shower last night, and I tried again this morinig.
But my heater was broken becuse of too much heat.
That heater give out a white smog and it smells as if something's burnig.
A few weeks ago, I watched the movie ``Dawn of the Dead`` with my firend.
People who were not infected tried to survive and gethered at the mall.
Nonetheless, they desperately waited for help from outside in the hope that there must be many people out outhere alive.
Nabe is boioled vesitable and fish and meat in a boul.
It was very delisious and filling.
these days people do not have time to stay healthy, they do not have time for exercising, eatting and sleeping well.
First, nutrition is one of ther most important for good healt; therefore, we should have a healthy food.
One strees clear of high cholesterol foods, such as eggs, fatty meats like pork and sausages.
Abstain form dirnk acholo anf caffeine, and try not to drink more than a sip of water within one hour before going to bed.
Thirdly, exercise to firsr bulid heart rate.
However, if people too busy to go running, walking is another choice or taking the stairs insteed of the elevator.
After that, buliding muscles.
Of course I am allowed to sleep if nothing has happend.
so I am really happy that I learned a alittle bit about e-bay.
I've alredy written three articles ^ ^
If we change the way we think, the protests could be a good step toward making Thainland a better country.
It is sooo sad, but it is very real.
One of the Krean student made a frog using origami paper.
My sister highly recommanded me to watch a Japanese movie called Detroit Metal City (DMC).
At that time, I was curious about its storyline because there were a navie guy and a weired guy dressed in and put on evil-likers.
It was like writting in some strange language.
I cannot let this feeling distory myself, I should find something to do, it is urgent.
All I get here is loneless.
The third dialy;)
The doctor said (that) maybe I felt presured or too nervous.
Yesterday, I went to see a doctor of traditional Chinese mecidine again,
He foun it!!
Accrding to this program, Dutch people eat sandwiches that have a biscuit on top of bread.
Both counties have a lot of worldwide counpanies despite their small land.
We don't uaually connect each other.
I didn't really put as much sunscrem on my body as I did iton my face.
Well, I gusse I'm feling much better.
I have a lot of fun when I'm writting it.
When I think back, there were a lot of things that happend on this year.
It was very awful that no one else cound take care of my son.
Selebrate the 1st of.
I am going to make her a pasta with tomato-sauce and baco, and the cold potato potage soupe.
I like cookineg and I'd like to make my wife happy.
When spring has come, we not only have a lot of cherry blossons but it is also the time for graduation celemony at school.
I feel malancholy.
I think nodody could know how I feel.
I need to think that everything will gose well.
Was somepeople not happy today? If you weren't, I want to tell you to smile.
But some of my friends have already had opearation, and in addition I'd rather enjoy the present time than worry about the far future! ^ ^
But the cost is very expensive, 20 thousand yen or 2000 $ using a dicount coupon...
What's the reputaitons of Lasik in your country?
How about in other counrty??
Today my sisiter came to see me.
such as the current economy, climate, entertainment ets.
During the stay in Toyama, I relished mountainneerings to my heart's content.
One time, I climbed a mountain called (if I'm not mistaken) Tateyama to, hopefully, observe Grouses which are disignated as an endangered spieces in Japan.
The summit, we found, was replete with alpine plants and some sighnposts proclaiming that we couldn't set our foot in the places palces where the plants was growing.
This is between us, but we broke the rule and sneeked around on the plants to see some species spieces we couldn't see from pathways.
Or most of the plants were very medest t and even tiny projecting a humble atmospher and might have graced our eyes for a fleeting moment.
Yet, mountainneerings was certainly worth no matter how may times we did it.
It was parked by my dapartment parking lot last night.
I did giological field survey.
For example,: Japanese Vocabulary is a Japanese study tool designed to help you lesrn more than 400 Japanese words.
One thing is that I wanted to comitte myself for the couse of whole Japan.
It occered to me that I would rather be poor than to live thinking only myself.
If you correct this entry, it is very instractive for me and I will be very happy.
I live in lapan. I am a college student.
It was the traditional festivel of China-----Mid-autumn Day, it was sunny and at night we enjoyed the beautiful moon.
I need more excersise.
Japan drew with Jordan at the thir first game on 9 January.
I thougt that Japan would absolutely win.
I've just registerd on this site!
The car nabigation system in my car is broken.
Friedrich: Jo, such a littel name for...
I had a good expresson of him.
Hallo Everyone!
Its saling now.
It has slices of cheezes, meat, lettuce, taco meat and hot tomato sauce.
I wrote a diary just now and got a response imediately.
I feel you guys are so passionated.
Some (people_ insist this methoad is bad cause we can use the worng expression again and again.
so put on a smill
I didn't concentrastion in class.
more interesting was my collegues who didn. t speek chinese. because she is Korean.
I live in Hokkaido, the nothern island of Japan.
We have to live with just one, small electical fan.
Bagles are So Expensive
Today I went to a bagle store I have been interested in.
It wouldn't have cost me more than 5 dollors with a drink.
My favorite idol committed suiciside.
My hobbies are snowboarding, travel and andstudying foreign langueges. Now I am studying English and Spanish.
If you learn Japanease, I will help you.
If Jpanese peopel learn English based these misunderstandings, they will use English rudely and upset others.
This show plays on TV at 6 'o clock pm but I can't watch it because of my church servise.
It has aleady become my favorite show.
In this show 7 singers apear and sing a song against each other.
but I preffer a whole one with its insides.
I've been ready for my new bisiness for many years.
I'm planning and making a new web survice with my friend who is an expert at computer programing
My ideal web survise will launch soon!
To develop a web survise takes many years and a lot of money, and no one can know what web survie will succeed.
I'm going to take a chance on my new bisiness!
The school has the same service but it has some kind of rules like the deadline to recieve that service.
The first 3 weeeks was a challenge.
Pronuciation, intonation and stress were defficult and they killed me.
Sometimes cultual differences caused misunderstanding.
The word I used were taken as a different meaning but it told me a lot of things. How important it is to understand backgrand of the language.
I went school and leared about English Education.
My frind visied me.
He is from Malysia, and I met him in Australia.
It was about Japanede culture.
I cried whan I left my home stay because they have been like family.
I will difinetly come and visit people I have met in Vancouver.
The othre day, it was broadcasted that an entertainer was hospitalized for tubeculosis.
I heard that she had had storong cough and felt lazy for long time.
These days, she went to the hospital and was checked up, and she was diagnosised with tubeculosis.
She is very popular and appeared on TV every day, so she had many contacts with many people, so it is possible that tubeculosis was transfered to many people.
Patients with tubeculosis need to be insulated into special hospital.
Tokyo prefecture and the office that she belongs to started to inform the people that may have recieved tubeculosis from her so that they go to hospital and get checked up.
Cerebrities many opportunities to comunicate with a lot of people, so I think that they should go to hospotal and get checked up soon.
Today I talked about a shortage-of-clean-water problem in my English converstion
It's Rainning.
It has been rainning for 3 days.
If you come to Japan, I definitely rcommend you to eat Ra-mens.
For such reasons, I sometimes forget easy grammer and words, but I am glad that u correct my dialy willingly.
1: to talk about daily life in easy English with foreiners
I don't have enough knowledge adout every genre.
Althrough I'm an English major, my English is not very good,
Recenly my eyes have become worse and my last pair of glasses were in bad shape.
They mit my face.
Mussle training (weight training) and walking have made me slim.
I was invited to a lunch by my hasband's colleagues.
The oven was out of oreder?
I couldn't understand why it was not working, and I asked for help to my hasband.
I want my English sentenses to be polished up.
So, Amelican or someone who can speak English, could you correct this diary??
I'm a little lonly, but I'm looking forward to visiting her in NYC.
Today, I'm going to the English club in my neiborhood.
Randon toughts of a silly (and sleepy) mind
I started this entry whitout any ideas to write.
The wheater?
Well, today the sun decided to show all his magnitude and the resoult was a realy hot day. (Maybe he picked a fight with the poor clouds and banned them from the sky.)
Okey, I just finished talking about wheater...
I know that is only 9 PM but today was a realy tiring day and I'm realy sleepy (that's why my post is so silly and have almost no sense at all).
I can get realy silly when I'm sleepy.)
Today we seperate the teams into the 2nd and 3rd class versus the 4th class.
After a couple weeks I decied to buy it, but it had already been sold.
Since then I have been looking for this guitar everywhere/ in every coutries.
I can understand the doctor's workloard is very heavy but her attitude is not very nice and friendly.
I'm considering working hard to imprvoe my English skliis.
After a moment, one man came up to me and sat down besaid me.
Then, I got to the Foreing Book area, I found an English wordbook.
Today, I am going to go to the lalaport, shoppong center and buy some presents with my wife.
There are a lot of advanges (when) attend (ing) a live performance.
For example, watching/ (hearing) the muscal in the seat near the stage is the astounding.
I belive 2009 will be great time for me to improve my international experiences.
welcome freinds!!
For example, I don't like shopping, I have no interstes in those silly rumors about boys, and I'm totally not addicted to love stories or movies.
Instead, I play DS or PSP games, read detective novels, or wrting posts in internet forums.
But I am oing to change my place of work because of the crisis.
My company has suffured because of this crisis.
I read ``The Da vinch Code, Lost Symbol, and Angels& Damons``
My name is Liuquan. I want learn English well, but my English is so poor, so I want make more friends to hlpe me improve my English!
So It was very derty.
His performances aways influence me deeply.
Of course, we can also see his great performances in Chocolate Factory, Pubilc Enemies, Edward Scissor Hands, Sleepy Hollow, Chocolate, etc.
graguate program isn't an easy work.
I have applied for up to 8 shools, costing totally 1000 USD for
Considerating school reputation, cost, and lenghth of program, I
Being admitted is only the beginnig, loads of works are waiting to be done.
This evening, I watched a movie called ``This is it`` which is organized with footage related to Michel Jackson, mainly the footage of rehearsals for his concert in London schejuled in July.
I am intersted in American comic culture.
I made dozens of rice balls, filled with pickled ume, salted salmon, dried benito, tsuna, and many other ingredients that were available in my home.
Matsushima is one of the beautiful spots in Japan. We call it 'Nihonn Sannkei' as there is so much beautiful scenery.
So It's my favorit driving courses.
In addition, I am worried that there will be a typoon today.
we have a long hoilyday.
my Enilsh is very bad, I want to made good use of those
days to improve, espesally my speakon Enilsh.
I have been learning english for 22 years, from junior high school, and now it has been 10 years since I graduated from my univercity. ah, that is such a long time, right? And yet Ifind that my English capability is the same as 22 years before.
Today, my family went to a shusi restrant and enjoyed sushi dinner.
No. 3: tuna eith leek
The series has been pubrished since 1994.
I think that if you want to be rich you had bettr learn three categories.
Economics, politics and money (that includes money market and investmet).
I don't remeber at all, but I was really, really happy because I received the entire ``The Lord of the Rings`` collection from my grandma.
I usually eat cut tohu in miso soup and rice for breakfast.
Miso soup is soybean paste disolved in hot water.
I plan to have a big dog on the huture.
The cherry blossoms near my house, bigan to bloom.
I was thinking of getting a driver's risence during the spring break.
As I have never ridden a bike before, it is very diffcult for me to get started.
Back then, I believed that I couldn't keep my banlance so I was afraid to have a try.
Untill now. Now I have a strong will to master this skill.
First, I had a sore throat and then I had bad caugh..
This TV program videotapes everyday lives of patients with Alzheimers and thier family.
Then I saw that the patient in the show couldn't wear jacket correctlly; she put it on inside out.
I waana have it.
though my lips and teethridge feel paralysised.
I'm so nerveour and feel like I have butterflies in my stomach.
Athough it is late, happy new year and I hope your business will be seccessed.
I'd like to have a succeful life.
We all knew that Microsoft set up a website to moniter the usage of IE6.
A grammer book
A grammer book made me fall asleep.
All products are 30 to 50 parsent off this season.
This will be a good lesson foor me.
If I say something in Taiwanese, it lets my feelings transfer to the other person very dirct.
January 17th was the 15th anniversary of the Great Hanshin Earthquak of 1995.
Kobe is an urben city and famous for fasion and nice food.
Many peopl were chrushed and burned to death under the rubble of houses.
There were many blue plastc sheets covering the debris.
I truely wish for Haiti to recover as soon as possible.
Some kindegarten have school buses.
Its ingredients are potato, carots, sosage and so on.
I remember the song 'Lonely Day' by Sistem Of A Down. ``The most loneliest day of my life``... I need cry, but I have no reason to.
Once upon a time, one man wrote a sad song and upon hearing this song, people would commit suicide. I think 'Gloomy Sunday' is a beatiful song and therefore I didn not kill myself.
Japanease and foreign people visit this city for sightseeing..
Don't depend merely on infometions.
I am keep going to write Englis entries.
I hope my englis gets better and better!
I'm going to gather some imformations about it.
Nagoya is the thirs largest urban area in Japan and is located between Tokyo and Osaka.
I'm working in a restrant
It is a high school's baseball (team?) and youthfull.
I am very glad to finish it successfuly.
I am studing english now.
peaple all over the world have to help each other.
if we can't communicate with foreigners by talking in our native lungage,
we have to help each other by using euglish in the world.
When I came home I looked at the moutain of his toys toys that he had made in the living room.
When we were young we responsed to our dad or our mom for their love.
before I signed up it, I looked it up on wekipedia
Whether nighttime demonstrations should be permitted or not has long been a controvercial issue in Korea.
But since it's quiet and confortable for me to cycle from the station to my home, even in Tokyo, it's cool and silent at night.
I'm 20 years old, and a student of univercity of design in Japan.
and we recognize them as ``real`` foregin women.)
And Japanese tradiitional behavior, too.
I gess the pictures are rare.
As I usally put on makeup, these are very important.
Third, It was my porpose, I chose Yukata.
If I were to be a pianoist, I would like to play the piano for children.
Many tipical Japanese companies have new years vacation during the first three days of January.
I normarlly lie on my stomach when I have Yakiniku.
I wonder what had happend to their relasionship after dinner.
I have never visite a place where the tempureture is so low!!!
I will visite the USA this winter!
However I have a plobrem with a certain personality in my seminar.
My fevorite team is Consadole Sapporo.
Could you please tell me othere sites where I can read texts written by native English people?
I wanna be a Chisese teacher
My company serves ous box lunch for a small fee.
but the curry tast different from previous one.
Ketchup tast was strong even though I poured soy sauce on the curry and rice.
Korean peple made a good impression on me because they were very kind.
I have change tha Tire.
Have you ever seen cherry bloosom?
Many people who travel around the world cannot exactly explain what culture is, beacuce the feeling is beyong words.
Those who exprience culture in preson are different from those who just watch travel channel.
If you truly love a certain nation or place, the best way to understand local culture is definetily by traveling.
If not only to experience the culture but also broaden your horizen.
Then, the next time someone asks you what the culture is, then you will realize how improtant slience is.
Lisning pracice. What is he saying?
I'm reluctunt to work on English.
Anyone have any tips on how to cotinue studying English?
Do you use Iphon?
Today was not a spesial day.
Next spring, I will attend Univercity of Kyoto (not Kyoto University).
This ketchup made the chili more tastey.
I presented a marrige present to my colleage.
practicing English, I write a diary here.
She picked it up and brough it to their house to eat it.
Late in the afternoon, I finished my graduation ceremony for my diproma.
I was encourge by her and was warmly received with a friendly smile (I can see that she is a religious christian), then I began to talkwith my friend whom I'm afraid of and hated before.
I receved notice of an Informal Decision yesterday!
The alternative medecine
In the linear algebra class today, we listened to an academic lecture. (Usualy we are taught the baisis of linear algebra.) Today's class might be special.
Unfortunately, I didn't have muy own
a lot of colonial places to visit, and has many foreigns.
Okonomiyaki is made of kneaded flour and sliced cabbage with some favorites.
Recentry it's been getting hot.
I like flavored strawverry milk in it.
Usually I buy botlled tea when I go to the languege school vending macine.
but I don't want another bottl
becouse it's heavy!
On that occasion, she got mad!! I don't undrestand!!??
Today I ate Takoyaki with my friends, which we made togrther.
Es tut mir bleit, aber ich werde heute Abend nicht hierhin kommen.
But there is a Japanese craftman, who has lived there for 20 years and has devoted himself to restoring the tradition.
It eventually came from the germ of an idea, tentatively tried out by the oboes, clarinets and bassons, which the cellos and bass turn into a fully-fledged theme which was taken up with incresing enthusiasm by the full orchestra.
These memories are unforgetable.
Fusen volleyball was born in Kitakyusyu in 1989.
A: Of couse.
Each uncle or aunt has a son and a daughter except my yougest uncle.
I am losing confidence now...... bad listening aptitudes, poor reading abilities, even wose writing competencies, and the worst speaking skills ever.....
I am very much looking forword to my day off.
``Hakone`` is the name of a place which is famous for hot sprongs.
Every year many daramas unfold.
I want to send a letter so please correct my sentense.
I want you to play the guiter and sing songs!!
I got this moive from my malay friend.
Studing abroad
He also taught me about food from vorious countries.
Because my mom went to my grandmother's home in the moring.
more than usuall, and here is the fact.
Second, I'll do some anaerobic excercises every morning such as sit ups and push ups.
It is famous for the Otaru canel.
At this event, the city is lit up with many candoles.
I worked with my gloup activity members.
We made a snow slide and places for putting candoles by shaving snow and ice.
But the candoles were beautiful and I met many lovely people.
I like the SPA `cause it` s a very relaxing and commfortable place.
After I go to the spa, I want to go to shopping; I also want to buy shampoo and some snuck.
because their plays are dinamic and speedy.
I want to say to everbody that I want to make friends with you.
Today, I was thinking that I'm a loving persion.
Esepecially when I am doing something or making decisions, they do not always agree or understand my view (continue)
Here in Russia we have ``May holidays``, that is additional days off on the 1st and the th of May.
First, I read the Liberal Democatic Party's manifest which was the governing party before this election.
I thought it was terrible how they wirte against the Democratic party.
I am planning to visit many cutomers for new year greetings on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Usually, I have done that at the end of the year and new year holiday, however my wage has decreased for the past five months. On top of that, my December bonus was really poor due to the hige recession.
We decided to share the suffring and regain our profits together.
I am a kind, funny girl with a big heart and know 4 languages;:) Russian, English, French and japoneese.
Hallo world!
Aiso, I wanna know about foreigh countries 'cities.
And some of the most presious traditions such as reading together, singing after dinner, walking along the riverside, have become diminished.
Probably, becaus of age.
I have stayed there aroung 3 months to study English.
I was sleepy, so I couldn't answer the theacher's questions.
I dreamed for almost fifty munites during the lesson.
I'm starting to write down a dialy from today.
I want to communicate with them fluentry, and enjoy conversation.
Thay are professional guys.
I have to make a twenty-minute presentation tommorrrow in front of about 30 people.
Additonal, I would like to receive recommendations about more interesting dramas.
After the exhebition I can go home ~ ~
Becouse it is very warm today.
But I am very poor with gramma.
Today my work was publicated in newspapers under the title, ``Students read and write newspapers.``
Today his essay was publicated on the reader opinion page.
As the final examinatine is coming, my domitory matters and I was busy writing a review, so I don't have enough time to write a diary every day.
I am looking forward to attendding the wedding because I'll be able to see friends after a long time.
I think that it depens on each countries, what kind of number does your place dislike and like?
Hi, I'm Japanase and English biginner.
Unfotunatery my English skill is no good.
(what they did was alculating and memorizing rather than studying, though.)
There are many kinds of chilren.
My mother is a holdhouse.
Recently, there are many proglem in the world.
When I went to my office, I was goin to call to my wife, but I didn't know her phone number because it was in my mobile phone...
I moved to Hong kong recentry.
Because I played baskectball after class.
Do you get nurves talking with foreingners or feel pressure?
I tought that he was a very kind.
It's too expesive.
As a result, the vegitables are too expensive!
I want to speak It very well and make new friends elso.
I start wirting my diary on Lang-8 from now, but my English abilities isn't good, so please teach me correct and better than grammer or words in my diary.
She went abrod to many countries when she was young.
Because she ikes traveling very much.
I think it will be a good influence on us to spend more time in sunlights because it would improve our efficiency.
I bought a degital camera and flowers for my mother, because Mother's Day is coming.
I wanna travel to freign countries as soon as possible, but I can't do that, because I don't have the money to travel.
But he was happy and laughed a lot while takling with us.
All most of them have (thier) own jobs and they practic soccer in their off time, nights and holidays.
I belive that they will get the gold medal in Olympic game in LondonDo n't need comma next year.
My throat is still swallon.
I need to learn English becase I live in Boston with my husband.
His job is reseacher in university. (See below.)
I need to compare the test case with mine for checking if ther are discrepancies between both test cases.
``Can we do this?`` when I heared words, I imagined that If I did something impossible, what would I asked myself first?
The men in this room had begun to make plans, they wrote every problem which they would meet before they landed on the moom.
First, my english leavel.
Second, My editing leavel and CG leavel.
When I putthe popcorn in the microwave I set the timer 5 minitutes.
Tomorrow is mother's day, when we were young our mom took good care of us, as we grow up, our moms become old, some of us do not treat our mother very well, now I just want to say everyone of us should take good care of our mothers, tomorrow we must tell mother ``I love you, mom!`` I hope every mother in yhe world will be happy everyday!
Maybe tomorrow night he will be very tired because he is a heavy drinker, so I'll going to there with my friends, who are shielders. (I'm sorry to my freinds)
He had a dream of being a computor engineer.
Now I'm a computor engineer.
Moreover, I went to shcool to last Monday from last Friday.
I have lots of friends here, but they are Singporian or foreign people whose first language isn't English.
So I want/ to get an oppotunities to talk to caucasians, and I want to improve my pronouciation.
Today my business partners invided me to lunch.
She previousli lived in the UK to study abroad.
But she said that to study abroad a savings is repuired.
She has also been to France to snowboad.
I will have to study hard, especially bussiness English.
My favorite sezsom is summer.
Tell me how to ddistinguish
Masayoshi Son, presidenr of Softbank Group has sufficient talent and strong leadership, just as as Mr.
Eiichi Shibusawa did during the Meiji-preiod.
Japanese believe that it is a luckey symbol.
Afterwards, my friend said he wanted to see Avater, so we went to a
movie theatre and saw Avater.
I'm a little nurvous.
Today, I borrowed a book about Robin Hood written in English from the libraly in my univercity.
I have graduated from univercity.
But I don't have a job due to the resession in japan.
The formr is important to the Japanse.
I know that is too taugh
My jop!
I work at the Hosan Corperation, a company that deals in industrial tools. I've been there for a year.
It was alright, thogh.
I am very weak at gramma and speaking.
They tried to exclure me from the group.
In Japan, it is vaction from January to March.
Since English is spoked all over the world, if I can use English, I can communicate with billions of people and learn about many countries.
I felt a great shock and asked him why he never spoked in the language to me before.
``You are too enthusiastic when you are using English, too much gesture and too much face expression,`` he looked at me with his sincere eyes, ``what's more, you English pronounciation is too much like a chinese.``
Why do many people come to me these days and tell me thier ideas?
The word is that Amercan Blockbusters is on the brink of going belly-up and its 500 to 800 branches will be predestined to close up within 5 months.
to see turips at the flower garden.
In order to write great compositions, I asked for my English teacher's advisements this morning.
I will patiently follow those advisements and write English compositions diligently.
The biscuits don't contain suger, so I love them.
``How tired I am of this unburiable distance between us.
I should go play tennnis.
I shoud go to tennis practice.
I helped my friend in a diffence position do a job.
I heped her cut the peper for a long time, and then we went home
She had an umberla, that is good for me as I can walk with her and not get wet.
My friend sent a message to me in the afternoon. She said she was excited to meet this weeken.
It really helps me to study Enligsh and makes me study harder than before.
I made a marrige contract with my girlfriend.
That data is not credibirity because it is of low presition.
The simple fact is, however, that it is difficult to get accurate imformation, eat enough food and avoid the poor hygiene.
And as a matter of fact, confunism belief tells you to respect the elders just because they are older than you.
It is true that a young people may be inferior to the elderly persons in terms of knowlsedges, skills and experiences.
So my opinion is really nutral.
The elderly people are not good at adupting themselves to the new situations with flexibilities, but they can show or share good advices with the young from their knowledge and experiences.
And on the other hand, the young people can support the old with flexibilities, aduptabilities, and enough energy.
My mother and I will be going there to congraturate him.
Hello friends. Today while I was chatting with my frinds, we talked about bungee jumping and I asked them who would dare to jump out of an airplan?
For me that is a silly thing to do becasue I am scared to do it..
But I will never forget this good experient in my life..
Learning while having fun is such a good exprien.
Until the quakes calmed down, I couludn't move anywhere...
The radio told about TUNAMI, but I couldn't believe it.
However, my Englishi skill lacks vocabulary.
Threfore I feel anxious about the examination XD
First, we can know many things because we can read it speedly. Next, we can find it again very quickly because it will be in our house.
but English says to me ``Vitaly you are so stupide.``
For example, a bowl of rice topped with many kinds of ingredients such as flavored boiled beaf (Gyu-don), pork cutlet with lightly cooked egg (Katsu-don) and slices of row tuna flavored with soy sauce (Magurozuke-don). (Sounds delicious!)
They have varyous course menus.
What shouldnI I do?
There have been a lot of things I felt there, but I culdn't express to someone what I experienced.
It's my first dialy.
Because I'd like to use English with my buisiness (job).
Though I am a master student and major in civil engineering, I have a choise to decide whether I get a job as a banker or an engineer or others if I want to work at an international organization.
If climate changes, some probles may happen.
But unfortunately, I didn't take the entrance exmination for college. Now I am studying to get a adult college degree. I think this degree is not as good as a4 year degree, but it's better than nothing.
because she is good at cooking, cleaning, and landury and so on.!!
The Tyhoon still affects the whole of Japan.
I went to work the day before yersterday.
The Tyhoon was approching my city.
During my breaktime, the train which I allways use had already stopped operation.
Even although ofiice bosses sent us a messeage, ``If you are worried about returning home, contact us.`` I knew that I could only wait because of train being stopped.
I can safely come back my home, albeit it took a longer time to arrive than usuall.
Instead, I concentrate on studing.
If you were me, which would you choose, having a part-time job or studing?
Yeaterday, I went to Ann Mo Kio Aria, to meet a friend.
We are langagge exchenge partnar.
I went to the park begind MRT Station and had a nap at the park bench.
I don't like eating breakfast at home because I prefer to eat delicious food such as continental breakfasts rather than tranditonal Chinese food such as congee (rice soup) and plain vegetables.
I know the tranditonal Chinese food is heathier than greasy food but I want to eat something special occasionally.
The man was arriving home with his new second hand television, which he had just got, when he was surprised by the local police and imediately arested.
How efficientely the local police are!
I have visited Greece, India, Peru, Jamica, Cambosia, Thailand, Chaina, and Bolivia.
One of my New Year's resolutions is execising every day.
I'm so nervous because I am writing a letter to you for the frist time!
There are so mant people in McDonald's at dinner time ~ I waited for a few minutes and got a seat ~
Reserch project
What dou you think would be an effective way for me to get corrections from English native speakers?
Why do some students study aboroad?
At first, I write a jounal entry in English on lang-8, then I write down in my notebook and after that ask someone to correct it.
When I told them the price of these at least are more $ 200 as new goods, they were very suprised.
I cannot explain it exactly only in writting.
I had been keeping my hair short since this year started, but I got boared with it, so I didn't get my hair cut very short this time.
I heard that Tagalog, indonesia, and Malay are absolutely the same.
I knew that indonesia and Malay are absolutely the same.
Preparation methods include nurses explaining to children how receiving an injection works, examination and treatment and how to prepation tools such as books, dools, toys, conputers, etc.
but I knew it's in their genialities.
So I haven't goen out for several months.
But it is ok nowdays.
So, I have an importent responsibility to fulfill in Hong Kong, and our nation, China.
At this school British English is taught, so sometimes when she is speaking I don't understan inmediatly.
However, I will do my best to try and learn American, British or whatever English accent is required. xD I wish someday I could teach English and travel to Toront or London, maybe Washington. xD
l love climbining mountains.
I beared the pain as the feeling was good.
So they bacame to be together.
I respest him.
Well, my priority now is English, because next year I'll take the entrance test at the university, and I chose English as my foreign language, but I'm falling in love with Japonese!
Natyrally, I will correct your Japanese too.
Althouth his name was little bit difficule for me to pronounce, he was nice person.
After lunch, I was waiting for the staff member who orgnaized the homestay program for me.
Astronaunts brought back a moon stone to Earth for NASA to analse.
Lastly, the number of crimes increas when the moon is full.
Btw, I have alredy experienced being the only girl in the class, and I changed the class.
I hope I can enjoy all my classes during the second semestter.
Then I cleaned the kitchen, ewpecially the kitchen range.
The more I learn English, the mroe difficult I think it is.
I've just reaized what her friendship means to me.
I think at this stage in my life, I shuold not defraud myselv.
HOWEVER.... what she told me at that time was only a lot of complaints for her husbund.
Most of that were caused by a difference of costom and the way of thinking, such as religion, thoughts of how (a) husband and (a) wife should be, etc.
But through the experience with my foreign frinds (I `m still a university student), I have really started to want a`` natural ``kind of conversation, I mean the kind of conversation even native English speakers think sounds natural and common, not strange.
For one thing, I want to study at the same unerversity as my brother does.
Although we can now change our appearances with plastic sugery, it is almost impossible to change our voices.
Even if I don't have anything to write, I shoud write something.
Almost every mornig he barks at me, but when he is satisfied, he wags his tail.
His eys always look sad.
In the morning I went tob see a doctor.
Finally, I ate out with my speaking class menbers and my speaking teacher, Paul.
In the afternoon, I went shoppin with my mom.
I'm from korean.
I live In Sapporo city, which is located in Japan's most northest island called Hokkaido, located and on the 45th parallel.
In fact, this year it has hardly snowed untill today, although we usually have quite a few snows around this time of year.
And-then-unfortunately-I-forgot-my-commutor-ticket, so-I-had to pay-JPY1200.
Lately my Italian friend and I have been to a few buffe a few times together, none of which were Japanese restaurants actually!
But what I am trying to say is that the places where he took me were 70% buffee....
Though I don't eat a lot normally, going to a buffe restaurant made me want to eat a lot more foods than I eat usually do!
Haha What I was thinking was to genelate a full payback of the foods which made me such a big eater!
He looked at them just once and then ran out of the base imidiately!!!
Topic; it has recently been anounced that a new restaurant may be built in your naighborhood.
I know a sentence ``She is a woman who I think is the most beautifl.`` Is this quote the same kind of sentence gramatically?
I decided to start with Aeschylus, because he is one of the fisrt playwrights.
I should go there early because I am affaid there might be a traffic jam.
I think she will have a lof of things to tell about her interview.
I `m 19 yaers old.
I have not called her recentlly since she got angly.
but I dont know the reason why she got angly.
By tommorrow, I will be happy thanks to her who helps me relax.
Today I sat in the office where I work and chatted with my friedn.
Getting over the hardship of your parents contral and your self control tends to stop you from being a good student.
But she was very concerned about graduation works and graduation exibits so, I said ``Don't worry, never mind, you're getting better and you can do those soon enoughly.``
I chose this name from an Austrailian shor soap opera,
But I guess this site is very helpful for me and my Englsh skills.
Could you help me with Englsih?
one of the main langauge in the world.
I desperatly want a rewarding job with good pay...
Oneday, I want to find a part-time job!
Beacuse I have so much free time, and having something to do is a good way to spend my free time!
Also, I can leart something in it!
I don't kown what I should do!
Could a native speaker please read it, and please don't think it's strange and ridiculus.
But it would be imposibble for me to learn everything in the world.
The South korea goverment asked them,
My wife is a docter and busy, too.
Today I want to write something about travle.
On the other hand, if one wishes to travel to a natural landscape, traveling on ones own would be a convenient choise.
For instance, last year I taveled to the Yellow Mountains by myself.
I am not sure if this kind of operaion is known all over the world, but it is relatively common in Japan, at least by name.
The advertisements of LASIK say that we can regain our vision drastically on the same day of the operaion and that it is not necessary to be hospitalized.
easy for an operaion to regain one's vison.
operaion should be much more difficult and complicated, and to tell you the
However, after the operaion,
I have more than 1. 5 vision in both eyes and I can see anything without contacs
So I determined that in this newn year I will start to study English all over again (abreast with Polish in earnest)??.
When I went to a restaurant for drinner with my wife, I felt tired because the streets were crowded, maybe everyone was buysy.
On Valentimes's day, I was verry happy because I ha a sweet time with my wife, but I was verry frustrated when we went out.
After breakfirst I went to the library and did some studying there.
However, I am really worried about the people who lives in the severery damaged area.
It is very sad for me that the university entrance ceremoney was canceled.
I have many frieds who are going to the same university,
and we all felt disappointment that we couldn't have the ceremoney.
I want to teach sciense.
So, after I graduate from college, I'll earn monney to go abroad.
However, I often choose the opposit of the function I want.
Fortunatly, my teacher gave us a 2800m run, but that wasn't easy.
I saw many donation boxies everywhere in New York.
Actually, I like the charactarisity of this man so much, I have been watching his program since I was fifteen years old.
But I went out to a parent's association meeting at elementaly school that my son
Because I pushed some children away who were playing whith snow in front of it.
So, I study and traning in my imagination now.
I drank tea a lot, because in every house you were offered tea and if you refuced they could be offended:))
A herd of hourses walked through the village, how there told (?), because many mosquitoes and flies were in the forest in this year.
Oneday day, I had a sore throat.
Now, I can't breath by my nouse.
By the way, I watched the TVdorama ``soredemo bokuwa ikiteyuku``.
But, the raiting is low.
In Japan, there is always bothe iced and hot coffee.
The secend day in the new semester.
Today is my secend day of the semester.
I am taking Business English, Finacial Management, Statistics and Intermediate Accounting.
What a crul teacher.
``If you pay attention what I am teaching, you will not fail this course, and you should practice it after class,`` said the terrble teacher.
All over the world, porple other than English speakers used to learn English in school.
so what langugage does English study in school?
I'm trying a new product from Suntry, ALL-FREE.
This is beer without archol.
belive how stupid I was, I hate myself. How could I fall for such a
It is heatered by electricity.
He said ``an allergic reaction to metal is almost always caused by cobalt and nichel. She should avoid contact with accessories that are plated with cobalt or nickel.``
Becasue I would like to go to the USA to study in the future. I want to goin 3 to 5 years so I am starting to prepare now.
I plaied tennis with my friends.
We plaied tennis together.
In the afternoon, we're going to Night safari park by taking a bus untill 10: 30PM
So I can gain weight easly.
it nead a recket and a ball,
as well as the instructer too.
I could swim farster than last month.
I like here very much because I can make so many foreign friends that I dreamed for a long time. And the most importent is that I can improve my English.
They want to make student have more intrested and abilities in other areas.
As for me, I chose Film Appreciation. The most important reason for this was I find it intresting, I like watching movies, and I'm a couch-potato.
Leonard and Sheldon have two close freinds, Raj and Howard.
I don't know if my recording souds strange because of it or because of my pronunciation.
Some residents couldn't understand how important we separate garbege and recyclable wastes.
The garbege in the recyclable waste container had rotten and attracted flies.
An apertment's mentenace personnel came to fix the problem promptly.
The second, women workers likely to quit their job because of child care or the transfar of ther husbands.
Though there are many women workers who have excellent potentil, employers often hesitate to hire them.
My hobbies is playing teniss, listening music and spekaing english in a compettition debate.
In a word, I love my hometown no matter if it has develp fully yet or not.
Lanch break
Every Wednsday, my friend and I practice soccer for about 2 hours after work.
I'm not happy right now, I don't know why, and I don't want to cry, but it's difficult to stop my tears. This is really embarrasing, but if you have a girl that you love, you shouldn't say this to her.
I'm sorry, I know we are just friends, so I'll never say that agian.
One of my cowoker treated me to it!
Randum topics
If I had many money I would treavel to the summer country ^ ^
I rememer that..
Polamalu was tackled by his hai.
``Thank you for your time yeaterday!
And I didin't know that they would be such good guys.
Because I shifted to a big bag for carring my laptop and forgot to take my wallet.
Taiyaki is very famouse in Japan, so we never think about people who don't know of/ about Taiyaki.
I went to the funeral and my classmate came to me and expressd her thanks.
I want to eat something delicious, something yummy, something that will be a real pleasure, maybe chinese food, maybe japanese food or maybe other ajian food!!
because (beacause) the test season (is) over.
It was held in Jingu Stadium where professinal baseball games are usually played.
Roppongi's ``Keyakizaka Ilumination``
This photo is Roppongi's ``Keyakizaka llumination``.
I read your correcttions two hours ago during my English class.
and then he went to watch a professional succer game in the evening.
on the shelf's in the afternoon on Tusedays. I do this for two hours.
I plan to take part in three full marathon races (the first race will be held Novenber 8th ``Shonan Internatioal Marathon``).
There were 3 Japanese, 1 Thainese.
Since they knew I love raggae music, they took me to a raggae bar.
Strang to say.
Maybe if you are fighting with your girl/ boy firend, you turn it off.
selt-introduction
My favorite activity is playing the piano, though I don't publicly perform.
It's my bad Unluck: I had just bought it a week ago...
He also said that nobady cares if I leave food on a plate.
It is a normal thing, but today we sold dishes at cheaper prices than usualy.
Anyway, I just hope the victims can pull themsleves together and let the people who care about them help them throught this difficulty.
You just had 3 or 4 minites to prepare for it.
But the main idea was I would be in charge of the familiy's finance if I got married.
(what I ordered was simillar to bread, I don't remember the name of it now.)
It is the title of the jazz album which now I am lisening to.
My fovorite Japanese jazz musician, 'Issei Igarashi' plays the trumpet.
I was suprised how tollerent my class and school is.
Actually, it happed to me once.
I came here to watch a presentation about doing a graduation thesis, to ask the clerks a few questionsabout scholorship and about returning to school because now I'm not attending school.
A: I met my custoemr at Tamachi.
I have gone into 9th year and I must pass four exams at the end of this shcool year (these will be in June).
japanes traditional cake
Now, railroad stations have Automatic ticket getes.
If there is no proble with the ticket, the passenger can go throuth.
My friend often suffered from heavy coughts.
He told me how he was surprised at his docto's comment.
because he didn't tell his doctor that he had a hamuster in his room.
A humster came to my house in a deriveriy box with a seal.
``This pacage is very fragial and don't throw it.``
It was called ``chew-chan`` from my freind.
I thought chewchan was male. (My freind didn't tell me that.)
He said ``Humusters like being alone. They need their own teritory.
She lives a nice mantion and has another house and eats nice food.
He got some popularity for his talent to learn foriegn languages.
Even if some visitors drink some purification water despite the warnings not to drink or gurgle it at the waterbasin basin which is for washing their hands and rinsing their mouths for purification.
I recomend the ``hureai no hiroba``.
It's not exactly freedom because I've already enrolled in some courses and compititions, so I'll be busy. But at least I'll be doing something onmy own will.
I have carried on/ lived a peaceful life as a family man so far but there is one big problem here; what will happen when I find sophisticated ladies in my work enviromment?
His one of my best firends.
Here's the kind of radito program that he made.
We recorded it in Japanese, It 'svery natural, high speed and storng accent from the western area of Japan.
I ate tofu and scalop at lunch.
I usually buy an Engilish newspaper once or twice a week.
Actually, marathon events bring back my bad memories from when I was a junio high school student.
There must be southans of reasons why you want to learn Japanese, and it seems not only a few people were led by Anime or Manga to start learning Japanese.
Here, I introduce a website called ``Japanese in Anmime& Manga``
This wiebsie, pronunciation of lines are very good.
and I prefer to see a varioty of clouds on the blue sky.
after that I cannot imagine how good the food wil taste at the barbeque compared to having dinner at home.
That's why some parts are sharp, inclined and zigzagged, amd it seems curious.
This morning I had two spoons of honey like Pooth bear.
They were very delisious.
I was so sleey.
I think meeting my frind is a good opportuniy.
I wolud like to master English, and my dream is watch movies in English without subtitles and make many foreign friends.
They saved my life during a period of great frustration in my teens. A huge crowd of ppl got extremely excited cause the dream finally turned into reality after many years of yearning and longing.
But I want to ask them; why don't you pay more attention to their songs which have given strengh and hope to our people?
All I know is to let the politiks roll.
We still don't want to leave the colloge yet.
I went the library with him, but I forgot the librarhy card.
He said to me, 'I reallhy want to borrow the books, let's return home and get the card.'
We retened home and went back to the library again.
Thus, I've joined this community at Lang-8 to output things to improve my English and communication skil.
Nobady can infridge on their rights.
My parents never force me to do anything, they even negociate with medecine haha so I know that the decision is mine.
I like deodrizer
I went to look for a deodrizer at the drugstore.
There are many deodrizer there so I couldn't find what I wanted to get it.
I wanted to get made in Amerca but they didn't have it.
I hadn't used Dreamweaver for half a year, it was hard to remenber how to use it.
However I can't talk to anyone in English on Skpe at the office.
Besideds when I get home from work, it's midnight in the United States.
I think I can get over the diffculty.
This is my first day at Lang-8, I found Lang-8 in a forum, ppl suggested joining Lang-8 if we wanted to improve our English.
We can post a diary here, if our gramma/ words are used incorrectly, someone can point out our mistake and give us some advice.
I was buffled and said ``No, no I'm not...``
Even though I know I paid much money to take a class, after I lost interest to study in school, I don't feel like going to scholl at all.
3 months already passed, and I'm still having a hard time understanding what my hoouse family says to me.
Although it seems a kind of poison, it must be a midicine; it is alcohol.
Some people belive drinking alcohol is not good for their health.
According to a health resarch istitute, drinking has a positive effect on health.
While one drinks alcohol, they should be able to express inner thoughts that are usually not exprss.
However, people can get these kind of negative effects only when they exceed a moderate amout of alcohol.
When focusing only on the health effects of alcohol, there are no bad effects if one does not esceed their limit to accept alcohol
Consequently, expanding boold vessle and eliminating depression, which are healthy effects, can be brought about by dirinking alcohol.
``Nadeshiko`` Japan, the Japanease women's saoccer team, won the World Cup championship..
I was so excited and proud of the Japanease spirit that didn't give up in the disadvantageous situation.
I expect the Japanease men's soccer team to win the World Cup championship next.
Good night, everybodies!!
A few seconds later, I underwstood what they meant, they were asking for a handkerchief.
After all, Kikuchi couldn't shout at the oppising team.
I was even at the railway station in order to go to the university (or: school) libarary.
My parents and my granma were disapointed in my failure.
My granma cried.
I am worrid about it.
He just said ``If you are interested in this story, please search Wikipidia or something...``.
And I really like the hansome middle aged Chinese teacher:)
Chinese has nearly no honorific expressions and the grammer is actually very simple.
I want to learn about the English langauge.
(Actually they are about vegeterian diet and environment.
There's a lot a lot a lot a lot of reasons why vegeterian diets can help Earth,
I hope tommorrow will be warm...
so the only way is. to continus working.
I have not studied English latery.
I don't want to be in this rut because I don't want to forget the English I have learnt up untill now.
Yesterday, I had to go to some buliding to take part in a briefing session.
There will be less of my friends in the univeristy, because some of them have alreay grauated.
Akiwabara is full of computer professionals.
Most men judge a book by its appereance, however; most women normally follow their feelings.
Actually, I don't like doing sth, but I have to do it.
Sometimes Ido n't have an explicit way of doing sth.
I would appreciate if someone corrects my English or gives some adveces.
This movie is very interedting.
Thank you reading my journer.
I travled to the western part of Korea, Kanghwa Island last weekend.
I watched TV anime wiht a friend.
I have to get accustomed to my new life without the habbits formed before.
I've aleady preceived that I must get rid of this condition as soon as possible.
Yet, earsier said than done.
I'm just a little nervors.
Is English the language that will chanege my attitude, my personality, and my life?
at almost 5 a. m. young men don't get up that earlly though.
I'm helpless from secon smoking.
It was difficult to understand what they were saying, because they were speking Blitish English.
(I feel like it has been longer than it actually has.) I have gradually come to understand that it is not a complecated movie, from what my host family was saying.
I was really shocked that he killed a yuong woman in my town.
Today I'm talking about an Itarian restaurant.......
I went to Saizeriya, an Itarian restaurant with my friends, do you know it?
It's very cheap and dericious, for example milan style doria is only 299 yen (maybe about 3 $)! Almost all dishes are less than 500 yen!
I think Shogaki, a president of Saizeriya, is very clever becouse he always tries to put the price down and make it more dericious.
He has his own farms and grows vegitables there and uses them in his dishes.
Besides, from the farm to each restaurants, the vegitables are kept 4 degrees becouse the vegitables can keep freshness in 4 degrees.
He try so many different things to serve cheap dishes and make them more dericious!
But the problem is when I cameback back home.
And, as with most tours, this tour included a visit to a survenior shop.
The shop clark's sales talk was interesting.
I searhed on an online auction in Japan, and today I bought a good one! It's lovely!
Oh, really I have to learn English and look for a scool, but there are
It's the same every time, to choose somethig in life is hard every time for me.
Yeah wrtiting is my weak point, even when I write in Japanese!
At first, three monkeys and a eagle conspired togather to oust the dust from Horton, and throw it away in the fierd of clover.
When a shriker made a sound togather with the rest, though, they succeeded.
I should have stuied more.
peppers (very important!), an agg, minced garlic (1/ 3 of tablespoon)
I just took my daughter to the kindergarten and now I am in my car, waiting to go to one of my clients in 15 menutes, which means I've got ten minutes to write something here.
Seven Eieven's Oden
S/ E's Oden is very dericious.
You shoud eat Oden with masterd and miso sauce.
It's very dericious.
Moisty summer
finally, the moisty summer comes to japan.
Japan's summer is more moisty than other countries.
So, I think I don't hate moisty summers.
9: 00-worte a weekly report for my customer.
I am thinkng about a hand blender as present.
I'll have to do my dest.
I want to learn English because I like talking with forigner.
My cold is dissapearing quickly.
We played at the park by our cond and she seemed to have fun.
Tanke you for everyone.
In the evening, I watched TV again and ate ``soumenn`` (this is a type of japanese noodle, we often eat it in summer.) But it was out of date by more than one year, so it wasn't tasty.
I want to eat delicious ``soumenn``!
I feel pround of my country because the popularity of Chinese means that my country is more popular and stranger.
I hope the learning of Chinese can contuine.
I rewrite the medical infomations in Japanese.
I listend to his newest album 'the pursuit' many times.
We were not aware of the fact that this day has such a remark untile it was over.
I cleand up my room this morning because I'll be away for 3days.
I feel that summer is comming soon.
So far, there has been no contact with one of my friends since the eathquake.
Oh my god, I hesrd that this test will be very difficult. What should I do? How can I improve my English?
My glumbbling.
The result is slightly suprising and bothers me, but I have an idea to solve the problem.
Therefore, today's dialy is over.
Everytime time I cook it at home, I can see the sparking lights in my roommate's eyes.
What shold I do?
In London I felt like a morron!
Trabajo en Tokyo?
Trabajo en un escuela de Ingles.
But my teacher said thathis house was very safe because there are a lot of guards and if prisner escaped from the prison, they wouldn't come near his house.
We drank a lot of alcohole, talked and danced!!!
I'll visit Wasington, New York, and California all within one week.
There's just one thing I'm worried aboout.
The next day, he enterd another smaller hospital.
Is it a common thing in foeighn companies?
How to write a good essay in intergrated writing for TOEFL?
There are two types of writing, and one of them is intergrated writing.
How do you write a good essay for the intergrated writing section?
I always don't write enough words for it. (In ibt, the intergrated writing requires at least 150 words.)
Or, do I not need to seperate my paragraph?
Nagoya's subways are so complexed.
I was moved by her heartful visit.
When we arraived, on parking lot which was near start line, there were no cars!
I want to meke a lot of friends!
Desingers who can draw beautiful pictures on computers stronglytend to have such a personality.
I live in Fukuoa, south of Japan.
You might be wondering why we eat shurimp to live longer.
The back of boiled shurimp is similar to one of an elderly person.
Is that man lonly?
We have our own aerodrom and planes for practice by pilots, controllers and ANIS.
It will be a naice time.
I study phychology.
And one more thing that I wonder is whre Japan's cold climate ranks in the world.
How about the climate whre you live?
Also I want to increase my English vocablary.
While I was riding a bicycle, I slipt and fell on the ground in the morning two days ago.
After he became professor, he has been strugling to change his department, and he is succeeded in many aspects.
After that, I went to a driving school so that I get a car lisence.
I beleive Japan will never give up and always rise again.
There were so many competetors prepared to study Psychology.
And even I don't know which way I shoud go.
Recentry, I found a new singer.
English makes me carzy;;
so I decided to go to an English acdemy.
It's not neceessary to tell everyone that I was born today.
However, Thx Sun-zi for your birthday wishes. Sun-zi is a Korean lang-8 user I made aquaintance with here.
adovocate>>
But I had the job today and of ofcourse tomorrow.
For the moment, I'm not sure if I will become a teacher, but I'm going to take this teaching course because I can gain expeience from it ^ ^
I usually atend my English class once a week.
I wonder if writing jounals will help me improve a little.
When I eat onigiri (a rice ball) which is purchesed at convenience stores,
However, I want to at least greet my Chiense here in Chiense.
Now I practice Chinese pronunciation, but it's not very anunderstandable because there are a lot of pronunce rules like pin ying.
We Japanese use Kanji, so I sometimes undestand the words 'meaning, but I can't prounce them at all.
So he need a translater.
But I'm not a good translater.
My high school libraly has some MANGA books.
``20 Centuly Boy``, ``SLAMDANK``, ``The other story of Kamui`` and so on.
I like MANGA just as much as novels or essey.
Yaki-onigiri is broild (?) rice ball.
We can get them anyware in Japan.
After the big quake in Japan, we have experienced a number of aftershoke.
My doughyer's university graduation ceremony was suspended.
I am going to do a presentation in my english classe next week.
Lsughter is the best medicine
We enjoyed talking, having some snacks and drinks and lauthing out a lot.
There were the words in today's Englih learning video 'Laughter is the best medicine.' That is to say, we all have the best medecine in us.
As for the site ``Lang 8``, to me it seems to be not only a good educational resource, but also a place where we can see other people's chane.
While thinking that nobody here knows them, people write about the smallest& most hidden perts of their daily rouine, and while taking the first steps, they feel extreme& pure happiness even after the smallest victory...
I think Chinse can learn English better than Korean.
In this class I saw a very beatiful Chinese women.
I could tell my teacher what to say but I coudn't use perfect English.
It was really good oppotunity to have a conversation with foreigners.
And I realized how convienient being able to speak English is!
At some point I want to think about it seriousely.
It shoud be and also must be serious.
It's a story of two boys who adapt to the cryel world.
Even though I can't stadn such things, this book is the best book I've ever read.
I learnd that I can't do anything in a poor fisical condition.
Yestreday I joined this Lang-8 website
So I created 3 (brand) new communities: Playstation3, Japanese sports cars, and Plastic kit modeler.
It's lunch time:) My mother made me a luncn and it included a deep-fried pork cutlet but I think she forgot to put sauce on it: '(Haha!
I just finished the other of my assighment.
It always takes an incredible lot of time for me to get my assighmets done.
I will go shopping at a mall, because it is coller there than it is in my room.
So I can say it that it's a totally rediculous habit.
I think particulaly it works well to make it easy to bring up phlegm.
So this is a rediculous superstition in Japan, I can say.
I just registered here, tonight, but I have already found out/ discovered that this is really an awesome place. I used to find it so difficult to practice my bad Japanese, but on here, just 5 minutes after putting up/ publishing my firt Japanese entry, runtyan has revised my articale in detail.
I'll come tomorrow earier!
I do not have enough cofident to accomplish it well, but I want to do my best.
study with her so I tried to go but I did not reach there im just half of the way I am lost and then I desite to take the sky train to go there then I just realize that my motorcye do not has any lock so I cannot leave it anywhere around.
Umm, I have a question.
After work yesterday I went to a nearby movie theater.
The theater was crowded with a lot of movie lovers, as it was just after the announcement of the Award.
The Cinese hospitality
My body clock seemed to be malfunctional.
By the way, I'd like to write about an elementary school loccates in Toyosato city.
They came to a win-win situatio by deciding to buildind a new school in front of the old one.
The school parking lot is filled with a car decolated with a Kei-on character.
Why do the Otaku who like Kei-on go to this school? Because the old school in Toyosato city resemles the school in Kei-on.
An expert in Japan who specialaizes in Japanese subculture said 'cities will thrive by using animation character should become commonplace'.
Because in the neighboring lane someone was learning to swimm from a trainer, so the trainer saw me trying to learn the hips motion.
And then we went to the street stalls and got some festiv food like Takoyaki and Ikayaki:)
Actually I faded a little cuz now I'm dorinking a tequila.
I'm not sure whether I heard it correcly or not.
Please check the following setence to see whether it's right or not.
I went to an English Cafe yaesterday =D
Befire I sent a e-mail I have to show my e-mail draft to our boss to check it.
Then I went to a beatiful bakery.
I bougut some bread.
Er trinke gern Bier.
Er hat kurze schwaze Haare und schwaze Augen.
Meine Mutter ist Housefrau.
Sie hat lange braude Harre und schwaze Augen.
Er ist ahatzeen Jahre alt.
Er supielt gern Videospiele.
Er hat kurze schwade Harre und schwaze Augen.
Meine Familie whont in Hyougo, aber ich whonen in Shimane.
Meine Familie whont in einem Haus, aber ich whonen in einem Apartment/ in einer Wohnung.
He is fourty-nine years old.
She is fourty-four years old.
My youger brother is a high school student.
Anyway I still want to make full use of this website and keep practising wirting here.
So I decided to use Einglish at this page.
I follow power bloger, so I got some nice information from the blog.
Do you understand what this stupid scentence means?
wih my Boss
Last time, I wrote about my first chice of a future job, in the movie industry, especially in advertising.
It is so complicated to remember ecverything!!
I had been kind of lazy in Feburary becasue I chilled with my friends, drinking, and singing karaoke.
A new twitter acccount
Thank you very mich:)
Certainly, nuclear energy is very dengerous,
since Japan relies on nuclear power for much of its electric suply.
So younger peopole in Japan should have more interest in these problems or
What do you think about nucler poower plants?
I must sutudy English harder!!
I deside to study a little more.
NO wonder there may be other solar systme like ours somewhere in space... anyway this movie gets me to think about a very romantic story about the universe.
It's worth seein.;)
So, I took a walk for 30 minutes almost every day for 3 manth.
I am so happy to join here. I whant to practic my
If I were a player on his theam with him, I would assist him.
Since my school parking is really bad and in the mornining it is so hard to find parking space, people always ask you if you are about to leave when you walk inside.
I don't mind anwering their questions, but I was bothered by their reaction when they heard me say I was not leaving.
Now I'm drinking a can of beer at home, because the presentaion was finished finally!!!
The tempura today was prawn and mashroom.
This mashroom is called ``Maitake`` in Japan.
I happend to read a megazine I found in my club room.
I recived the glasses there.
We used to studay at the same school for a long time. She is older than me by 2 years.
We lovers of martiail arts cannot, in today's democratic world, use our technique in our daily lives.
Tomorow my nephew should go to school to register to study for another gade becasue he finished the patum <--? 5 and is going to patum 6.
Anyway he was still not calm, he truned and watched me moive frequently.
After I had finised cutting his hair.
He really became shy and came to ask me to do it agian..
And I'm interested in dance (a little) and bloging. ~ ~ lol..
Watashino Hashi desu
Kore ha watashino hashi desu:) Ohashi wo tukau noga suki desu.
Today I revieved my first correction in Lang-8.
Our class is making a presentation of ocarina performance next Saterday.
She gave me many souveniors!!
Because I think she misses Japanesefoods food.
I usually wtite in a diary in Japanese, but it's the first time for me to wtrite it in English.
I totaly agree woth the auther of that article
but most koean cannot speak English fluently,,
but,, when we face with foreiners..
they were fluent speakers.. and they were also enthsiastic about English...
Heppy New Year!
listenning test
Today I want to try a listennig test with ``Man in the box`` From youtube.
I'm not sure how many of you gusy know this short video.
Greg: the Japanes number puzzle game
Jim: No I mean, about me whinying to you
-------------------change sceen-----
Jim1: I just I miss her you know, like yesterday would've been our seven and a half monday anniversary.
The ShangHai Kights came on TV.
------------------return to the original sceen----------
Jim: Ok, I guess I've been a little preaccupaie with her.
so waht is it today Jim?
What sad little pices of information do you want to share with me about your ex-girlfriend that I dont give a shix about it becouse you're a pathetic losser that can't let go you towat.
Jim: Call you twevle times a day ~ ~ I think that's perfectly ok ~ ~ you dont answer anymore ~ did you change number you chitting whore ~
thanks in advence for your guys 'corrections.
Thanks for the coments on my previous diary.
I discoverd the name of my illness.
We have regional map, but not a grobal map, even if we didn't count the number.
I am going to write my dialy in English.
The title was ``CASE CLOSED``, which is a japanease story.
The true love between vampire and human beings moves me and I always look forward to watching ``New monn``.
I'm wriing this entry for you.
News about the earthquake is reported from mornig to night everyday.
Fortunely, I live in an area where there is no damage.
But I think my English skills will improve by studyng abroad.
Yesterday, after a riduculous class in which we talked about what a second grade student can teach (us) about leadership, I tried to go home.
Then a girl spoke to me and asked what the Korean homework was, because she was absentt.
Free time& Favarite movie
I ofen go shopping in my free time because I live by myself.
In addition, I ofen read books.
My favarite movie
However, they become gradually fuscineted by jazz.
Then if you become unrooted, you feel unsettled. ``
Today, staff members were told by the personnel departmemnt that if we ever had a problem, we should take it up with our supervisors.
in the forein country, what u gave to a girl or a boy?
There are two professors in my laboratoly
Today, one of my lab members gave a presentation at his difense (?).
Who is the most populer pop star in the US?
Recommand me someone!
Whenever I try to record something, something has to interrupt me: the phone rings, the door bell rings or the cat meaw.
Each time I start recording the cat is stuck with me in the room and wants to get out and when I get her out of the room she meaws because she wants to get in.
Duaring the holiday, I tried to return to Japan. But company denied my request as I am now working in Beijing as a trainee.
As I have no freind in Beijing and came here by myself, I wonder how I will spend one week!
But, today, I enjyed the beautiful eary fall.
On the 4th floor, we will wehave a cinema room and a karaoke room.
Perhaps, some people would like to vote for building a factory simply on ecnomical grounds that a large factory will probably bring about a prosperous future to the area around.
She chose a grey one at first, but I adviced her to choose thered one.
But recently I change the// my// opinon.
This week the Japanese telecom company ``au`` announced the release of a new series of cell phones.
Both of them are very talkactive so we talked all the time.
I wonder whether I should write about it, but I decied to because I just want someone to listen to it.
I coudn't catch his saying completely, but he told another person and laughed, ``Wow, someone is talking Japanese!``
After several hours of reclection though, I kind of reached a conclusion that I should never try to be hostile to him and I would keep my doors open for him, for him to come back to me as someone I felt the best spending time with.
The weather is changable and the sun goes away sometimes.
Yesterday I was supposed to join the Job Fair in Zhong guan cun, but unfortunaly I felt lightheaded, drowsy, dizzy, nauseated, unusually tired, and I began to think I'd been infected with H1N1.
After supper I hurried up go to the drugstore and buy a themoeter. Thank goodness my temperature was within normal range.
He went out with 23 women, so he has a lot of knowledge and experence.
If I kept a kiddy cat, I wish her to lay on my PC like the following picture.
Very strong men atacked bad men.
He likes to watch K1 and boxcing.
To begin with, in my reading, a successsful career is assosiated with how well-off people are.
Whereas, the professer states that students should decide their major before taking a wide variety of general education courses.
Consequently, the proffeser maintains that when you find employment, you should be careful of how the vocation fits your interest.
My Labo work
If someone can explain the meaning of these sentenses, I'd really appreciate it.
It is light, it has big blinds/ curtains, it is reverseble, and
Two Australian men opend the bar, so most of clients are foreigners.
I think that maybe it is not only about differnet, it is a complicated issue.
Ok, I think this method is good for beginners, you can get an understandable pronunciation, and some basic knowlegde if you want to travel to the country soon.
Please feel free to add me to your friend list in Lang 8 ^ ^ I welcome everbody.
The raeson I am busy is that I am learning sign language.
However I can't communicate with deaf peaple.
Why do you think that we can't communicate with such peaple?
I want to try to talk with such peaple.
When I was a student in France, I was suprised that a lot of people there came from several foreign contries.
In Japan it is not like that but there are more and more foreigns here.
It is one of my reson for studying English.
Representative high school teams from each of Japan's 47 prefectures copete at Koshien Stadium in Kansai area.
Althoug I tried to not eat sweets everyday, my homestay family eats dessart after every supper> <
When I watch comedy shows I'm not really able to understand what they say because there are no subtiles so I can't understand the English without subtiles well.
Are there often celeblities who have funny voice or do they change their voice on purpose a little?
Though when necessary (under pressing circumstances), they never fail to be short of money for basic necessities, rather than letting the expese bocome an obstacle for me.
I earn pockt money by doing part-time jobs.
What do people usualy talk about when they have no topics for a chat or when they need to keep up the conversation?
Unfortunatelly, in my country it is, in contrast, very hot and dry in sommer and very cold and frosty in wintr.
The weather forecast promiced it would be much cooler tomorrow
It's gon to start in 30 minutes.
I hope all my friends onLang-8 who live in japan are all safetly.
I hope all Japaness are safe and sound.
I was there for a week for a business meetiong.
I am comming back home from Narita airport by bus now.
Yesterday I took part in this Lang-8 and wrote the first jounal.
And I thought, ``There are so many jounals here, it must be impposible to get someone who can help me.
Evencally the winter is coming today.
I answered ``I'm thinking of enroll in this school. Could I have a trial lesson to help me to decide?``
Actualy it's not always raining, but the air has the sense of rain.
Why, why on earth have you made me so incapable of consentrating?
I had acctually contacted him many times, so I may have got him down.
But from today forward, I will try to write a journal every day in lang-8 becase I will start a job next spring, April 1st.
On the other hand, I can understand recorded English dialogs& nbsp; when I listen to it.
So I will write my diary with the ``Look`` or ``Look like`` I leared.
Depending on the outside ingridients and the shapes of them, the name changes to things like 'Daifuku', 'Monaka', 'Taiyaki', 'Taiko-yaki', and so on.
They arent not at home now
I am staying at home with my uncle, even thougn I wanted to stay alone.
He is the husband of my second anut.
He asked me ``Would you like to eat ckicken for lunch?``
In korea, ckicken stores sell chicken with cola.
Hello my friends, this is my frist time here.
You are welcome to make frinds with me.
Recently, I started skeatboard.
I want to improve my skeatboard more.
I want more time to practice skeatboard.
Hellow. My name is Kim Dong Hyuk
But I don't like Harry Poter.
I think that Harry Poter is childlish.
(I meant the Harry Poter translated into Korean sound very childlish)
se you soon
Since I could not get the pronanciation of Kanji instantly, it meant I took a lot of time for reading and understanding the meaning of a sentence.
I have got a very interesting book from my brother, sweetnesses from my parents and friend, a pineapple from my class tutor and a lot of wishes from colleagues.
Altough I'm happy, I'm also very worried because the school districts around here are not hiring at all.
Reports and presentations are wating for me.
intruduce myself
I tweet only in English, so I can stady.
So I spend 10 minits doing one tweet.
I have to repare it, so I need more than 20 thousand yen, probubly.
Next exm is July.
I am writting now by cellphone though it is difficult to write...
If it's sunny out today, I will go to the park to go running/ tunning and stretch.
It's way too short but that's all for this mornig.
Some of the victims can't get enough food because rodes were broken by the earthquake and tunami and the amount of food is too low for all of the victims.
Of course, the Japanese government and other organizations are tring to help with the food supply, but it is difficult because of these reasons:
This problem's news is bigger than the earthquake's dameges.
Nuclear power plants were damaged by the earthquake and tunami.
The Japanese government and Japan Self-Defense Forces are tring to reduce damage of the radioactivity.
Remember, the nuclear power plant is a power plant for Fukushima, that is the place that was given the biggest damage by the earthquake and tunami.
ORION brewer had manufactured their products only in Okinawa prefecture before, but now they made a business tie with ASAHI, so we can ORION beer at supermarkets and alcohol shops.
Today, there is a very interesting shogi game between shogi softs and Ms. Ichiyo Shimizu, who is the best woman player of shogi.
He is a studednt who has participated in our Dojo.
Furthermore, we need your coorperations please.
It was 40 degrees Celcius and meteorilogists haven't stopped to announce fall of temperature every week.
By the time we talk about food we were hungery so we went
to Korean resturant near my work.
Third, well cooked barly with soy paste soup. Fourth he bought out rice,
Q. groud beef steak, fried fish, eag soup. Five more side dishes came with it.
We had a great time, and we left our stress at the Resturant.
I was moved when I listened to his profermence.
Yesterday, when I had to go to school by bike, the thermometer registered-15 Celcius!
And just like every mum does, she pointed out my stubborness.
Although it's cold, I really enjoy watching the white landscape just like I'm doing now with a cup of hot chocolade, yummy yummy!
^____ ^ Screw you summer, hot chocolade rules!
I am a beginer.
Could these advances in techmology also cause some problems?
Devember 30, 2010
Korea, depending on the contens of the diplomatic negotiations.
After that, I rented a DVD and wnet home.
I said ``Of cource``
There were no LAN conection in the room, so I had no choises to use internet
I went to the langage school.
There were many Japanese student there, they will graduate with a strong achademic background.
I was ready to stady painting with kids in the 1st grade.
There are many cultural facilities, like a concert hall, movie teathers, department stores, an ice rink, football stadium, shopping mall and two parks.
I talked with a friend in Texas with Skaype this morning.
They try to get a summary of the cadidate.
The candidatie, is usually asked to speak English by the foreign-invested companies.
I will separate between what I need and wht I don't need.
Help with my house's agriculuture, rice planting and harvesting cherries.
He stood there for 10 mins and he held the piss in.
Today, I went to a concert in which my preveous English teacher played.
Firstly, The Beatles has ``opened`` up for me the majic world of the rock-n-roll.
I think that it's possible, and as Jonh Lennon said: ``You may say that I'm a dreamer, But I'm not the only one.
Even when I'm in an awful mood, their music makes me smile, and I'm very happy that they have suche an influence on me!
When I saw the terrifying tsunami that destroied houses, bridges and roads, I was shocked.
:(Anyway, I have to concentrate on his class and writting down what he says in the next class.
I was curious to know why they made it like look like a fallen leaf from the beggining.
When time passes, from spring to auturmn, the wakaba becomes momiji which means red or yellow leaf in Japanese.
I was going to write in my dialy about my cute female friend but I changed my mind, because I had heard a rumor about her and it was a terrible shock to me, so I couldn't write anything.
It's a little roundabout out of the way but really nice, I can choose from 3 supermarkets to buy something and there are 2 movie theaer.
I thougt it was a little expensive in the auction for me (but it was too very inexpensive compared to the real price).
We would say ``I go to scool`` if we were outside of scool.
If they were with you, you would say ``go to scool``. (In English?)
I clip my nales regularly so I don't know the reason of holes.
I felt a seriouse ideal and belief from his speech.
The following sentece is in the presente passive voice:
The company promised to give 40 yun for each day. Half a year has past, the money has not been given, so I am disappointed with the comany.
Almost all week, I thought of preparing spicy chiken wings on the weekend.
We read on the Internet a lot of different recipies for chiken wings, and went to the store to buy food.
We made a honey mustard marinade from honey, common mustard, french mustard, spysies, soy sause, salt, and garlic.
We put the wings in tis marinade for 2 hours.
We are eating the delicious chiken wings right now, drinking light beer and tomato juice, and watching the movie ``Uoll-street`` with Shia LaBeouf, Michael Douglas and Carey Mulligan.
This paragraph is my model anwer for my OPI test.
The exhibition of Fernando Botero has been there since Julyl.
The first exhibition I volunteerly attended to appreciate art works, not for a mandatory school field trip, was in 1999.
Twe girls and one boy.
Why don't you tell me wht you want me to do? ``
Well, obviouslly there is no stand-by drink for tomorrow, can't you see that?? ``
I should go there becouse I want to graduate without hindrance.
Everybady likes her!!
I hope she has a fatastic day!!!!!!!!
he has two personalities OR double persnalities.
he always gives me helpul advice.
and I assist my proffesor with performing an ultrasound during an operation.
I'm looking forward to knowing my secound impression of this book.
So I've decided to make a list of questions that could be helpful for both teahcers and stuents.
Actually I always preferd Damon to Stefan.
I'm so gla that I know more than I knew then!
It is sunny today, so we are warking in the park this afternoon.
This year the topic was ``Should the Japanese goverment authorize the system of casino gambling?`` Each team had two battles, and the rankings were determined by the scores the judges gave.
In addition, there was, for example, the argument ``after the plan Korean casinos wouldgo bankrapt and many Koreans would lose their jobs because 70% of such casino's customers are Japanese.``
Debating is too difficult for a freashman to do alone.)
The first book begins with a guy called Arthur Dent, who wakes up and sees lots of buldozers in front of his house.
I don't how it wroks but I am writing my first diary.
I ate more than 15 dishes, so I bacame full.
He told about his homeland's histry and answered people's questions.
I am going to Jermany to study Electrical Engineering from October to Janua.
And in the town, I have to speak Jerman.
I love Jermany and English so much.
I sometimes watch this forest on TV and in magagines.
To understand the meaning of the commands from our boss exactry.
I have jhust finished applying for Working Holiday Visa in Australia!!!
I went to Chibi cannada.
I'm going to participate in a Zonbi Walk on Sturday, downtown.
We prepared for the Zonbi Walk.
We cut some clothes to mimic zonbi.
My studens enjoyed it.
Too many extra curricula's chosen by their parents will inetitably take up the kid's time and change their nature.
becouse I haven't finished writing my resume yet.
I'm so tired, becouse the night before, I slept only 3 hours or so.
My best froend and I haven't seen each other since Halloween,
It was awsome!!
It was really fun, but I got dtunk and I had to practice danceing.
I have to write about something I like internathional, but I have no idea how to write it.
([Recently* OR* astornishingly] google has released Google Chrome...)
The process is suprisingly easy if you understand its frameworks.
The gaps are being speading in the point of costs and indivisual capability according to '' The World is Flat. ''
Whenever I head down to the station, I can see many blood senter workers on the street shouting
My frirst log.
I thougt so, but I chose this nickname.
In the future, I want to wark making steel.
He swiped a bottle of vodca from his family's shelf.
The vendor's headquater are in Europe.
I want to help martha, but I cannot fiund the correctur set in this system.
Of cours he is the most popular ~ in the world.
and thanks a lot that you tought me
At first I chose it because it's only for women and that makes me comportable.
curcular exercise!! ``
I work at an elementaly school in France.
I don't have much faith in my ability to remenber so much professional vocabulary.
Because I couldn't archieve my target IELTS score.
Japanese are killing themselves apporximately at the rate of 35000 people every year.
I think the root of this problem is that Japanese companies have a traditional stlye.
Exhaused people can't talk with someone, although they want to explain/ reveal their troubles.
Is this rigth?
It was about 'Racelism of South Africa'.
I forget what its name was, anyway there were a lot of foreiners, especially Americans who have studied Japanese.
Many foreiners know very difficult kanji, including some ones even most of the Japanese wouldn't know.
What's more they know old-fashined and obsolete gramatic knowledege. The site gave me new information on japanese.
So I found out that learning too much detailed gramatic information or memorizing innumerable words is not very effective to master a foreign language
What I would like to say is that territory issues like that are occurring between many countries, such as between Vietnum and China, India and Pakistan, Israel and Palestina, and so on.
I saw a 3D movie on Saterday.
but also it makes me missming America so much.
We ate delisious dishes/ foods and talked about our own dreams.
Onjyuku in Chiba is a very beautiful blace, blue sea, white beach.
To pass the Korean summer, we definately need these things.
The following is the ps that I wrote for my cousin, pls give me a hand to correct it.
But I am goint to visit the grave tomorrow.
But he is also charming and has a great abillity to diagnose sickness.
However, I have to admit that the festival is so fantastic, it's worth enduring all that troubble.
At the park, I found thata lot of ``tukushi`` hadgrown.
(Tukushi is called horsetail in English.)
I remember her teachingme asI tried to cook tukushi.
There are two important preparationsfor tukushi food.
1: Remove the ``hakama`` (It is calys, inedible part).
2: To remove strong bitterness, boil or put in cold water for 10 minites.
I stir-fried tukushi and Rape Blossoms.
I thenseasoned itwithsalt and papper.
unbilibably fat...
While I was choosing some books for my children, one of the books cought my eye.
I take an English-lesson on a web site every day, and I gradually became interested in the Phillipine because that is where my teachers are from.
I'm currently reading the book, and I'd like to spend some more time discussing things related to the Phillipine or Japan.
I read some of the messsage my friend sent to me on hotmail.
90% said when a woman has long hair becasue it is easy to pull her hair
70% said they chane their mind if, before they are going to injure a woman, she sees them and asks ``Sorry, what time is it?``
He recommanded rice noodles and beef fried rice.
It's a story about a girl going abroad, who is taken hostage by an international terrorisim organization.
St-Pierre has been practicing karate since he was 6 years old and respects Japan, so he wears a Japanese headband during the entrace before his match.
My family had a student from Germany since Aughst
Today, she was supporsed to move to another host family.
which is so/ very inpressive.
I also pay the security deposit and brokerage which is eqivalent to one month's rent.
I bought a new engrish book ^ ^
To study engrish is a lot of fun!
I want to study engrish more and more
But I don `t have much time to study engrish and German
I bigan Lang-8,
becouse I want to speak, listen and write in English.
I had a dream about a woolen scarf at that time.
My dad watches tv and my mom sleep in moring!
But they also have tried to grow a lot of vegetables for themseives in their farm.
It was big, beautifull, and had a perfect shape.
We would always go to dinning room of our college school (beacause it's very close to our company) but recently, our boss wants to have lunch with us, and I feel very uncomfortable, we cannot talk about anything like before.
Because I want to study Phmacy after that.
Please correct some of the presentation/ some sentense.
What a beauiful Cherry Blossam
Shi is very cute.
It was more growing than I throught becaouse she is mix of
regret: I regretted to call her such a crel words.
givern: In the ancient times, Rome was governing all of the world.
bend: I will not bend my oppinion even though all the people here are opposed to it.
I'll start larning English again.
I'm very busy, so I stopped larning English 3 months ago.
Today is great. For the first time I met a cool laday. I'm so excerent.
Could you explain the differencey between the meanings of the words above?
Are there any differencies?
Teaching is Learing
^ ^ I believe that the learners can help each other and can make more progress for theirself.
Just rotating and browsing itself is really enoying.
I would like to devellope my vocabulary and learn to speak, at least, the english that people are speaking every day.
The friendship was beautiful and maybe his friend assisted the goal, I thougt...
One of villains, Griff also said it to his grampa.
But he only said the same words more louldly.
In some other cities (like Milano and Napoli) the winner hasn't been decided, yet: the two candidates who gained most of the votes are going to ``fight`` for two more weeks, at the end of which there will be a new vote.
She calls me ``my clone`` because weresemble each other so much. For example, when we go to the musium and look around and ask each other, ``What paintings do you like?`` We choose the same paintings.
LOL, I was superman at that monent!
I told him one of them was cheap, so I skipped the explanation of the two companys and their cards.
Firstly, because he is the most popular writer among teenagers, I'll ask him the secaret to writing funny stories.
You know, he stopped studying regularly at the end of prmiary school.
I really want to know the secreat.
terribel day
She always has courage to face every difficults, but this she had to give up.
One of them is flexiable, the other one is positivity.
sevire problems or are in a slamp
One more of his good points is that he is extremely flexiable; he tries to gain new
ideas from part pime workers, trinees or whomever has good ideas.
words in front of the employees unless the company is in an affluent posission.
His possitive way can influence the emplyees obviously.
depends on the enploees, because, if they do not work aggresivily, the company
their proplems nicely.
I think that a good supervisor should be flexiable and possitive.
keeping the workers 'thinking possitive.
workes should
be flexiable and possitive too because without their ccoperation, one good
supervisor could not change the company surrondings at all.
When I left my grandmother's house, she said softly, ``You can forget about the marrige.
I need think about my future separetly.
I'm very happy becasue I've spring break until May 3rd!
In this time, each student doesn't have seminar and celebraties from morning until hmmm morning next day.
Today is last day of this ficical year.
I'll go on a training camp of the Model United Netions this afternoon.
The advantages and/ or disadvantagges of public transportation.
Firstly, public transpotation makes teenagers more independece from their parents, because when they take public transportation, they have to mind their good manners, like how to behave in the situation where other people are around.
Thus, the situation where they have to think how to behave by themselves improves their indepenence.
Secondly, let's consider public transportation's environmental effets.
Thirdly, public transportation makes traffic conditions confortable because if many people use public transportation, people who drive cars will decrease and we can ease traffic jams.
However, when I was just about to leave home, the telepone rang.
We don't know which one to choose because there sre so many beautiful pictures.
When I met them for the first tim, I was so confused
others run around all the time even in formal celemonies.
goodbay.
and creat a sustainable future on our own accord.
Hi, it's my first text on this page ang I hope that this page help me learn my english.
I just started writting my journal in English every day.
Recentry my class did pre-lessons to be a teacher.
But I want to be a teacher, and I want to meke a good future for Japan.
I'm so hanppy have this terrace that I can learn language. My English is not very well, I hope other people can hepe me, I can teach your Chinese, we kan help each other, could you?
Now, I am always going to a support ecompany for studying in UK.
According to the IELTS module test, my IELTS socore is about 5. 0 ~ 6. 0 overall.
I would like to go a UK university and major in Entrepreneurship or someting related to Business.
We went hunting in Laxali Clearing after chatting.
ablity.
Oh, my eassay has been so long!
Thanks for reading my eassay.
Please read my eassay,,!
One day, she heard a funny rumor from a junior high school student who said ``There a cursed video tape at a campsite hut, and if one wathch it, one dies after 7 days.``
Asakawa immediately decided to cover the story just out of curiousity.
As you can see, I suspended my dialy again.
The keyboard layout changed for some reasone.
For examle, when I pushed ``k``, it typed ``2``!!
I tride many ways to solve this.
By chance, I pushed one kye, ``NumLk,`` and the plobrem was easily solved...
I live downtown with Mexican friends now, but since they are going back to their contry, I have to find a new apartment by the end of jun.
The owner is so kind but the poblem is that she doesn't like the smell of meat, so she asked me not to cook meals with meat frequently.
Anyway, I have to complete packing until nghit.
He's a Saint Bernard, like the dog from ``Bethoven``.
These sentenses say the same situation?
Thailand has a good relatioship to China therefore the Panda were the good gift.
They invite the children and toursits who would like to visit Baby Pandaand and watch them playing with snow in that dome.
There was one more important purpose for going to this museum, whih was the restaurant.
Every freshman in my university is assigned to study calculus, the subject at which I failed in the first year of my universuty life.
There coutinues to be illegal videotaping of movies in public movie theaters.
It was so imperssed for me and I was shocked.
I thought it was much more sofisticated and attractive than that of the Japanese version even though PS3 is originally made in Japan.
I heard of ``Umbrella`` from recomendation songs at the cyworld which is a website in Korea and similar to Facebook in U. S.
If you know this kind of music, please recomand!
Say it againg sung by Marie Digby
My student will challeng relativelly advanced high schools.
But I think this music clip is good entertainment and a song I can describe as one that's really ``This is a Michal Jackson``.
Michale Jackson is the first America pop music star for me.
When situation got worse, my comupter just freezed.
I am goning to back-up my files and update the anti-virus software.
2 customers, and 3 stuffs incrude me, at bar my working place.
I will go to do ``karaoke`` with my fliends.
Unbeliverable! Who Are They? The Avatar
Put banilla ice cream.
Hi, I'm Silver and I'm learning Japanese and English. I'm studying these languages because I want, someday, to spend some time in Japan and the EUA.
Some people like a western style breakfast such as a peice of toast, scrambled eggs and a cup of coffee.
I made some English sentenses with my friend.
There are many people with allergric in the world.
However, my sister can't eat those things, so my mother asked the teacher to give my sister treets without chocolate and peanuts that other children would also like.
I could find a convincible opinion.
Also my teacher adviced me of following:
according to yestoday `s translation, boss correct them himself and praided me for a good job.
But, I can't write natural-sounding sentences in English nor can I speake it well.
My second son knows how to swim because he has alredy had lessons.
Afterwards, the hypothesis dissapeared.
Every time I hear blood type character classfication, I'm bored!
Plactice makes perfect.
Everybody syould buy Volvic!!!!
Last weekdend I climbed Yuelu Mountain/ Mount Yuelu.
so I dicieded to do something to help my English.
that's why I joined ``Lang-8`` and started writting diary entries.
To make Ramen, we mix pork porksoup, oil, sause, noodle, and some toppings.
Maybe I should find something intersting to do.
Still, I feel sorry for having to make them liste to my strumbling around in their
As a student studying Statistics, I agree with his opinion about the importantce of statistics in our life.
Also some universities have a statistics departmemt in the undergraduate and graduate level.
I like visit aroud there especially the sea side.
There is a water park by the sea and they have long slidings.
My kids are looing forward to going to the water park.
It looks like a human physcally.
He was astronomer and doctor in Midlle Ages.
Poland in Midlle Ages was much larger than it is presently.
He was first polsih pope.
Englis as a second language
Japanese and Koreans naturally have morebarriers to overcome because of the huge diffirences between English and their mother tongues, whichunlike Chinese, whose struature is somewhat similar.
Frustration is always followed in the quest to be perfect, perticuarly in learning a language where there is no clear finish line.
Astronomical sums of moeny has been invested on English education in Korea.
``I know many people who went to Ameria at a very young age.
And their prounantiations and accents are just perfect. ``
I dontn't have the instict or intuition for English language. ``
My hoby is doing sports. As I love many kinds of spors, I have a muscular body.
Yesterdy I went to work part time and I taught swimming to children and gim trainers.
tomorrow, I will performe it in livehouse.
Japanese blieves that the new Year God (Toshigami sama) aloso comes when new year comes.
This is the preparation for revceiving new God.
It has some theory and it is very comeplex to explane in English.
It contained grammar, vocablaries, listening and reading sections.
Anyway, no mather how hard it is, I know I should get through this hard peried of time all by myself.
I don't like the feeling of hanging aroud.
Mybe taking photos can be a nice choice.
Not only because of the bad environment in that ciity, but also because of my feeling of learning nothing there.
It seems rediculous.
The Korian tempercher will be sixteen degrees centigrate tomorrow.
Compared to the Japanese tempercher, Korea is a little cold.
My condision is a little bad.
That sonetimes stimulates my appetite.
Then, (after) arriving home, I ate a large breakfirst,
See you! Good nisht!!
I decided that I will naver take PINAIR.
NAVER!!!
proboblely the hottest day of the year.
No, my intere life.
I like Yui and Azunyann,
Oppps I'm Korean guy.
Youyube caption download
Today I heve found that Youtube gives subtitles for some movies.
We count nunmers starting at 1 and the person who said 30 will be the loser.
I think you can change this into a beter explanation!
Recently, I'm lerning not only jazz, but also hip-hop and lock.
It was very dilicious!
And now I coufuse English and Russian words!!_ It's terrible...........
I will visit Ho Chi Minh City and experience a Mekon river cruise.
I will stady English hard every day!
Two days ago, a dog my girldfriend's family kept, Bell, passed away.
This happened as expexted.
People who consider watches as a tool for timekeper,
Everybody in our dormitory waited for them, decided to make it a surperice.
We had Mexican food for dinner, it was dilicious for us.
English is very diffcult.
to grapes, apples, fineapple, lemons, peaches, kiwis.
If I had an oppotunity to eat fruits,
Recentry,_ more and more people change their cell phones to smat phones.
I began to be warried.
I registerd for this site, immediately.
Today I went to library and studied about various financial produts like (/ such as) bonds or derivative financial instruments.
By the way, I am becoming a little nervous these days because of the pressure of job hunting, and I often feel lonliness.
The group invites a foreigner to be an adviser onece a month.
I was supurised when I reseave the corrections.
I'd like to conntineu writing my English diary.
first of all, I made korean soup which is for birth day soup, today was not anyone's birthday thoug, beacuse its taste is great!!
There were also kimch soup, Korean pancake, rice and kimch which are all traditional Korean foods.
I decided to study English and Japenese yesterday,
after washing, I read a Japenese book.
because I just studied Japanese in the 3rd year of univercity.
I dicided to study English writing in this site from today.
I would like to I introduse my character.
This job somtimes makes me feel tired, because I have to work in the hospital the whole day.
So, I want/ decide to ride a bike/ bicycle with my frind.
but when I go out to fetch my frind
it's still rainning
but it's suuny again
I'm very lonly.
I dont understand the proper precedure to do these things.
On this special day, some people are celebrating and some people are still in dangerious.
Now we are focusing on the grammer when we start learning English, but not listening or speaking.
I'm one of the people who claim that speaking and listening are more important than grammer for beginners.
Would you proofread these sentense?
And I bought stickers, so I will give thiese to you!
By the way, the 31st of October is Helloween ~!!
If you have free time, I want to exchange Helloween goods.
I am studing English and Thai.
I have 2 dougthers and a husband.
We are living in Thai, becuse of my husband's business.
I like reading books, drowing pictures, playing the piano
And they complaim about the participation cost.
At last, I found one to sutisfy my requirements.
I'd like to live near the staition.
I met a childfood friend.
If I am free tommrrow, I will share it with you.
Does anyone wnats to comunicate him?
For example, all us Japanese people lived in Japanese-style houses, but recently this type of building is becominng a thing of the past.
Nne of the reasons is that the develpoment of the air conditioner lets us not need to choose the Japanese one that is built so that you do not feel uncomfortable without them.
A man who like to wathch old-fashioned things has no choice than to go to a history museum where they are on display.
What improvements have I exprienced?
But it is clear that I have relize the mistakes repeated in each entry.
Learning so much vocabulary is making me confused and frusted.
Could you see my weaknesses throgh my journals?
By the wey, I am going abroad to study English in Australia on February 12th.
I am worring about the flood which have been occuring in Australia.
hagout = play?
When I was student in High highschool, I was interested in Middle East.
We playe dodge ball, catch the tail and ran in a race.
I stayed up all night talkig with my new friends.
I went to the web site of, ``the new york time`` it has beautiful calligraph.
These days, I have begun traning to quickly translate Japanese sentenses to English ones one after another.
Japanese sentenses are chosen to be translated easily so that we can concentrate on learning the grammar and the use of it.
Becasue there's no need to get any certification when you act as anyone, I remaned my acount and uploaded some pictures and became a well-known comedian of China this afternoon.
But I can comunicate with others somehow.
And unluckily I'm incruded in those people!
Our enzyme, alchol dehydrogenase, which metabolizes the alchol, is less active compared with the enzyme that heavy drinkers have.
I seems strange that my friend never recived a letter!
I have English conversation lessons on Satarday.
I will enter a university in Aplil.
do you have another expresson for ``it takes long time``?
as with many korean students, I think I have a weak point for speking or listening in english.
I watch my usual knitting shows, ready my favorite knitting books, and check out all my tools and knitting-wool in the colset.
recentry, my hobby
recentry, I've been interested in Mr. Children which is a Japanese musician
so, I listen to thier songs almost everyday ^ ^ and now I am listening to one of their songs.
According to the weather forcast, it'll rain tomorrow.
But recentry, there is no one who takes care of these things.
'Your grandfater died.'
Oh, you have to wear something on your underware, right?
I used to sleep at arround 10pm and wake up at 6am.
this weather makes me really dipressed!!!
The reason why I decided to live in NZ was that I wanted to recover the nodes on my vocal chords by being in the clean New Zealnder air, and also I was tired of being in Japan.
He needed to push the on off-botton immediately.
you've learnt many languages, it's very interesting, but learning to be fluential in any language can be very difficult
What do you thinhk?
the internet, junk punkfood and smoking was my life.
I'm swallowing tablets and other medicaments for pain (painkillers), my body hurts so I've been lying down all day.
Although all this has been happening, I won't stop pratice English.
It is true that English is becoming the world language in globarization.
I am reading a comic book called Dilbert, writen by Scott Adams.
It was about M. 7 around Fukishima, the nearest place to the hypocenter.
Her strongest point was that I ruin my health by not eating eggs and diary products while my brother slowly empoisons himself, it's something nobody could do anything about it.
She is just too stubburn, but so am I...
Fresh vegitables were very good!
I have tried to grow vegitables on my balcony but it ended in failure.
I have stayd at an Australian home and there I ate pasta made by the home family's mother which is was the most delicious pasta I have ever had.
I have to pay 1000yen every manth for the membership fee.
I don't need to pay for the car insuarance, either.
Becouse it is included in the membership fee.
This system is not populer yet in my nighberhood.
In the future, this system may be pupuler among young people.
on friday I just went out with some friends to have fun in a latin bar. It was nice, I met a lot of people there from differents parts in the world and oviously from my country as well...
on sunday I went for a walk with my flatmate she's like my sister here so we just went for walk and a cup of coffe and then I back to my flat...
Yeasterday my mother and I drove to the Wake Mall and bought many things such as clothes, shoes, food and other stuff.
They all enjoyed the sunny day and took their rest at the eeekend.
My shedule in Bangkok had changed so I couldn't arrange things around my schedule.
So, I predict that this year's theme will be 'nana' or 'sichi'
I will take an examnation on the 24th of April.
I am planning to have a trip with my college friends before guratuate and I have not decided where to go.
The beautyful flowers
There were the beautyful flowers at the reception of my company.
I am not wearing a wedding ring, neither is my hasband, because we did not buy them/ any.
Of course, we visited a jewerley store like other people when we decided to get married.
I ordereed some items from drugstore.
I think they are a really big campany.
I checked out that massege.
I parchaced a lot of items so they will ship my items in two shipments and I would like to make sure that they will ship my items in two shipments.
Mami Kawata
This is a letter of complaint for a psychologic journal
I was examined and the doctor said that I have signs of paranoia but I don't belive him.
I realy don't know; what do I do?
I also want to make freinds all over the world.
At first, we had a Korean luncn.
I bought colthes, boots, body care creams, and so on.
We were reliefed, but we should have make sure of the bus, especially when we come to a place we don't know so much.
Since I have the shop bag of FORVER 21, some girls asked me, '' Where is Forver 21!? '' It waa interesting for me.
In addition, students and their parents complain of the incompetent teachers who do not strive to show any effort to imprive their teaching skills.
The governmnet insisted on a new system that requires teachers in secondary schools to renew their teaching certificate every ten years.
Therefore, I recommend the method of using the score of authorized linguistics exams in the case of subjects related to language or tests made for assessing each subjet.
In conclusion, I agree with the implementation to reform teacher's regular assessment becasue it has more advantages than disadvantages, such as the improvement of a teacher's teaching skills and the recovery of students and their parents 'attitude about public educaion.
Jim Carrey's acting was wonderful.
I'm going to write a Jornal everyday.
SAKURA is cherry tree in Jpanese.
I stayd home all day.
I'm a univesity student!!!!!!
I have a friend from Japan in NewYork who is currently working in the real estate industory.
However, if the teacher's pay is based on th achievements of his students, Teacher A will work harder, and Teacher B will stop complaining
It is lanch time now.
I was very surprised because Austrailian eggplants are much bigger than Korean ones.
Only those who are bilingual [will] pass the bar eaxm.
Actually, I like watching movies which are dubbled in Japanese.
I sometimes feel the gap between the dubbled voice and the real voice of actors.
Recentry, I watched a movie with subtitles in order to learn English.
5 in terms of job hunting in America, they considered that people who emphasize their skills, achievement or quolification are likely to be a useful resorces for the company.
Of course, this is a characteristic of Japanese people, and there are people who are very frank and are never diploomat.
If there's any opposing veiwpoints or advices, please tell me. (^ ^)
As the Internet becomes more common, we can reach a vast quantity of infomations.
Also, we can easily offense other people by using tools as slander.
(Some) People are scared of being slandered, as the people don't have common sence.
Today I want to tell you about a festival, what happened yeasterday in my town, Vinnitsa.
In the centre of town people could see the stands where there was the name of a Europian country that describes this country-population, area, official language, nationalities that live in this country and gave information about the history of this country.
All of these interesting actions were accomponies with nice lively music, masterful displays of dancing and of couse a good mood.
there are so many things I have to lern..
I went up Abura maountain this Sunday.
We arrived there abourd half past two.
And then we started climing the mountaion.
While climing, I was out of breath because I don't usualy excise and don't have stamina.
It took me about one and a half hours to arrive at the top of the mountaion.
Going down is eary for me compared to going up!
We arrived at the bus stop aroud five.
After that, we went to the restrant to eat dinner.
I usually don't excise so clming a mountain is new for me and I'm excited.
I like moives that make me ``think and treasure.`` Most of things that happen in our lives only make us anxious and depressed, and those negative feelings kill our minds little by little.
As time goes by we become aged, experieced and learned. We minght not look at things as we did when we were younger.
So I need to use English at school in order to give new impormation (knowledge) to my students.
I kown.
However, today I somehow repeatly listened to a song
but I have many difficutise in math!!!
I servived today ~ haha
Actaully I live in University domitary, so I'm always in the school =)
Every Monday and Thursday, each class lasts for 1h 15mins, unlike the ohter days on which the classes are 50mins so these 2 days are more tiring.
And fortunately during the second calss was no lecture because the professor was absent, so I went to library and took a nap ~ hahaha
Third class was again Constitutional law but this time it was about construcures of controlling a contry (state?) so it was more understandable than the first calss.
5th calss was Civil law; I studied contract law.
After fomal class, I had Japanese class which I take every Monday to Friday.
healthy kutlet
I made chicken kutlet for lunch today.
Today, I am going to tell you how to make healthy chicken kutlet!
Today's lunch was very yammy.
At about 9: 00, I have to perpare my afternoon job.
I think it is a wonderful oppotunity for me to improve my English and my teaching skills. (PS: I am a college student and I major in English teaching) So, I always prepare carefully before I have a class with the student.
To be honest, driving a car is a big challege for me.
But I know I am making progress every day, which is the most imporant part.
What I'm doing now is because I want to go to abrode to study, and I want to meet some friends from others countries.
I want to know anything about others countries, and at the same time, I hope I can let my friends konw more about my country--CHINA ~
I hope I wll be not be sleepy.
It was temted to do some shopping.
In 80% of my time, I do what I'm abligated to do.
Unneccessary expenses mean low efficiency, and that's what I dislike.
However, I can only explain it in Japanse and Korean.
One more thing, Februry second is the Ezaki-san's birthday.
When his son was sick, he had his son eat oyster sirub as an attempt to make him feel better.
(Because his son's disease was epidemic, and the doctor gave him up.) Miraculousely, his son escaped from death.
After that, he wanted to have more children eat oyster serum/ sirup.
As I didn't focus during the lisning part, I don't think I will get good score.
Resently, after I had got home, almost everything I did was in the chair.
I know exercise keeps not only my body sharp, but olso my mind.
Hello, I found today this site, I decidet help other people learn polish language and I need help too with english language
I had studied English to enter coullege but my English is poor
Today is a biautifulday day.
Rainny season
The rainny season started in Tokyo this Monday. (Sounds better)
The rainny season is very filthy, but we need it so we can get enough water this season.
I will wash it untll noon.
My teacher is Filipiono.
I want to make progress in my english study (studay).
We would like to hand our property of chilren's songs down to the next generation.
I tjink they are more attractive than Tokyo.
This year I want to be able to speak English very weill.
thaks for reading! I hope you have a great day!!
As there are two more rings on it for the index finger and middle fingerr.
self intorodaction
What did you do for Cristmas?
By the way, yersterday,
I bake and eat it with soy sauce or cheeze.
A good employee should have this skill and also be able to communicate well wuth his co-workers.
I entryed Lang-8 today.
Sakra is beginning to blom near my home.
Anyway we enjoied the beautifully displayed dishes and the scenery of the countryside.
He might be straved!
The A-course (we oderded)
Grilled octpuses with herbs.
Caprese scollop and tomato salad.
Three kinds of curroes.
When one reachses old age, he/ she tends to be more conservative and reluctant to accept new ideas and innovations.
As a conclusion, one's retirement age should be decided according to one's own conditions and willness.
I suggested some Japaese books for beginners like him.
He was walking to the opposite derection! His head was facing me!
The main reason for their success is havig good results from lots of international competitions.
So I am going to be a girl who has a boyfriend especially a bf from Amereica.
In additon to this, there were many people standing by either side of the road selling foods, drinks, ice creams and so on.
I always say that I want to keep it and lose weight but I hardly rechieve my goals.
Do youo have any good ideas to resist the food offered in front of you?
The incurcion of a Typhoon
yeserday afternoon, our teacher said to take a day off the next day.
Of Ofcouse my mother was really angry. (/_;)
I think I have a pretty ok command of the English language, but sometimes I get confused about prepositions, grammar etc.
Watch is uncounable,
I was up all last night playing on my computer, talking to my friends on Skype, watching Frends, and cleaning up my room.
So, I'm very stisfied with them.
Now I don't have to carry with me so much encash.
Many people say bad things about my country, but Colombia is a buatiful place to live.
The people here are so kind and happy, and everbody works hard to make Colombia a better place.
Corrently, I feel hungry even though I have just had breakfast a few minutes ago.
especially new recuits who recently graduated from college.
And then, I found a favorite musician called ``Zainichi Funk``
I'm lokking forward to it!!!
I'm definitly not an ``otaku`` (anime nerd) because I'm fairly mature,
However, I have to reviw and prepare for the next week.
I want to talk in Engulish more.
I made ``macalon``.
I gonna try again near futer.
I have to take hime to and from the school.
Runnimg with my friends
I used to subscribe to the Financial Times via Kindle, but after it got broken, I cancelled my subscripting.
In the nersery my three-year-old daughter goes to, teachers choose an elder child as a partner for each young kid.
But I never woory my English exam hehe
As you can see, it has steps which are mede from glass
Today (???) National Foundation Day in Jpan.
They (was) training (???) the weves of the sea.
World Cup is an exciting frestival.
I recorded while I was waiting my train to work ang getting on it.
There's no foods, no erectric, no gasorine...
Hoestly I tried to make my avatar based on the picutre, but I didn't know if I could make it.
Now, I come here becouse my English is not fluent [proficient].
Actually, my dayly life does not necessarily use English but my father lives in California so I want to grow my communicaition skills.
Anyone please give me help and be my freiends.
It is for my illustration project and the other one is like a Japanese ``manga`` for bussiness on a web gallery.
Anyways, this is a first note to say hai to evryone and nice to see you.
K-1 fight show is my favorite.
Hello frineds.
I finished Public Admistrater..
I took a lot of pictur with my friends..
I don't have anyone to give me fower today..
I'm a korean learing English.
Zamzm: Holy Water
Some Muslims even cry over Zamzam when they return to thier countries.
But I douldn't do it because on the road I lost my way.
I have heard that this way, the supplements are aborb well. (?)
Because I sit a lot in front of my desk, I would go out for lunch with collegues whenever I could.
I don't eat a lot becuae I am supposely on a diet, although the diet seems never really to succeed.
It seems to be a cultual difference.
Bankluptcy by eathquake
I met one of my frined after a long time.
I was suprised because she got a new job this Janualy.
Pround to be Spanish
In the last 10 years all the political parties who had had gobernment resposabilities in the different administrations, have accumulated enormuos amounts of power.
In this political sitiuation with the current horrible economic and social scene, people have said stop.
Unfortunately most of the media, supported by the political machinary, have been uninformtated about the little revolution.
It seems that this social movement has been imitated all over the world, and that is wath makes me feel good and proud to be Spanish.
First, I felt unconfortable having it because I've never had such bright color things before.
And, I was really dissapointed with the climate.
I regretted that I didn't realizaing it before.
I had an awesome trip with my famliy when I was studaying in Shanghai..
After that we visited Japan Parillion.
It is the largest country parlillion and is also so beautiful.
We also visited some other country parliion such as the United States, Spain, Netherlands and South Africa.
Although I believe my knowledge of English is allready advanced, I am lacking usage and lots of tiny specific words from every day life.
If you need any help in learnig German, don't hesitate for ask me for advice.
If you meet people that you have bae memories with, and you have not kept in touch for years.
My favorite English words are ``lovely`` and ``briliant`` because I like ``L`` sound.
I also would like to taik to anyone overseas on skype.
When I was an elementary school student, my dream was to be a professionl football player.
When I was a colledge student, I majored in Danish language and society.
Besides, Danish people don't open thier mouths wide so it is really hard to tell the difference (between vowels).
Today is my birtday.
Finallymy father arrived at the hospitl and he was able to be present at my birth.
Today I will look for an apartment for my freiends and myself.
It's my first time living with freiends.
So I would really appreciate if you would correct English compotion below.
The manuscript is so long that I devide it into two pieces.
The non-directive play therapy and eight principles whick Axline V.
Axline's client chilren often ask her not to change the area they've played in.
I feel DIBS developed his ego through thinking and pursuading himself.
Later, I went to a French resturant for dinner.
I also had some rough times in my chlidhood.
I've found a software program that helps English learners to improve their English pronouncitation.
My tongue is structured differently, so the pronounciation of my mother tougune is bad, too.
I need to practice my pronounciation more than others because if I don't practice, then many people may not understand my words/ me.
Yesterday, My farents and I went to see the baseball game in Munhak stadium.
So My farents and I went to the traditional pub to drink some traditional liquor.
Although Samsung lost the game, I had happy time with my farents.
I will take a TOEIC examination on Janualy 302011.
My friend adviised me to first study t English grammar
I am lucky to meet you at the vety beinning of the new semester
I didn't forget about the white paudry sands, parm trees, good wind, beauteful light and the emerald green sea.
He said: ``MoM I'm hungery.`` My mother said, ``There is nothing to eat but some instant noodles.`` (moved below)
The speed of the Internet here is slow and is causing me to have complete nervouse breakdown.
Duirng the movie, the memory of Italy trip keep popping up in my head.
The Liar Game is a TV series of Japen, which was adapted from a comic book.
reasons, they join the Liar Gme for the second time.
It's too ache to concenerate on anything.
A Chinese ole says ``Toothache is not illness, but it will take your live.`` Now I can unterstand it well through it.
It `s reary little shoe.
However, I passed the test and I got my driver's lisence two hours later.
It's so exceting!!
You can go to the famous Shida nightmarket market, then ask anyone for the restaurant.
These include Mexican food (burrito, fajita, quesadilla, taco), every kind of burger (pita, focaccia, burger, wrap), different flavors of omelets, salads, some specail breakfasts (like English breakfast and mexican rancheros), pasta. Our most recommended is the chef meal, such as meat loaf, beef burgundy, German sausages and chops, parmesan pasta, eib eye steak and things like that.
The flavor was unfamailar to me.
There is also a specailty here, on the second floor, our boss provides and welcomes anyone to put their art work on the wall dispalying.
I think that many HEROs are strong and have special power untill now.
Otherwise her eyes will itch, and have a stuffy noice.
I want to enroll into a forigne university as a master student.
I can speak conversational Engish, but I can't use English for academic purpose.
So my listenning skil is getting worse!
It's my pleasure to join this website/ site for learnning English.
I was even more shocked when I knew that Miyagi prefecture sustained more damege than us!
Although I did not think that I had time to enjoy it in this journy, I had a swim suit in my suitcase.
For example, reading, speakin, writing, grammer, etc....
As soon as I looked at her pale face, I called my workmate to aske how to deal with our emergency.
Even the chance of talking with restaurant clerks has been getting smaller recently; they have vending machines evertwhere which sell food tickets!
I started to wach this TV series on DVD last year.
I think Samanth is very cool because she is strong despite her cancer.
and I heard about shyphone.
To use skyphon, I need a camera and microphone, ect.
We like to relax in hot springxs.
Then I want to go to an open ari bath.
But I wonder if forigner will know about an open air bath.
Which is better for forigner, an open ari bath or an outdoor bath?
But the other day I read a grammer book.
And I went to school directry.
Yesterday, on my way home I ran into Cindy who is the wife of the marketing maneger at our company.
One of the big reasons why I'm into it is this sereis is based on the daily life in Manhattan.
It's a good way to improve my Engish.
I should prepare some snoe equipment such as a snow shovel as soon as possible.
I'm studying ``Computer Sistems``.
It's preferable that its thick and made by chemical textail.
I was worried about leaving Japan, but there were no worris or problems in Canada!!
Unfortunetly, the website is written only in Japanese and the vanue is Aomori city,
The Japanese temperature graduelly rose every year.
There were few confortable spring days.
I like confortable autumn days.
I have to change somethin, but I have no idea what
I regard this activity as a part of liveral-arts.
But I want more opportunity to comunicate with English people.
Because of watching drama or film without English subtitle and comunicating with our business partners without interpreter and living forgien country someday.
I edited my frofile.
At the beginning I didn't like Tony, he would always bully Sid and behave unfaithfully toward Machelle, I don't understand him.
At the end of the first season, Tony had an accident when taking a phone call with Machelle, he was apologying...
I realized there are too many ligths in Japan.
Also there are many 24-hour convinience stores open here in Tokyo.
I don't think 24-hour stores are nessesary.
My feriend said that ``avocado tastes like tuna if you
It's wanderfull (-_-;)!
(It's called ``Doyou ushinohi``) Howevey, I'm lacking the momey to buy it.
It is a little bit expensible for me....
Yesterday I bought a wonderful black dress which I'm going to wear on the wedding of my cousine.
I can't understand why, because it's really beatiful and, moreover, I'm not a bride, just a guest))))
my department is finance but I'm a biggner so I read bookkeeping at first.
In China, students choose their mjor before being admitted to universities.
Befor the college entrance examination, I read a lot about OR researched electricity and its developing trend in a newspaper.
She told me she usd to be a princess in China, but now she does everything by herself
Today I teach the children reading and writting.
I know I will use this experment in my future work!!
My thecher is male and is from america.
[Because pabulic bathrooms are dirty.
Realy?
The frist day
I am now working as a public servent in Shinjuku.
Everyday I'm going to practicewriting, ristening, andreading,
So, I went to the location of the fire as soon as possible in my car, alound five o 'cloc.
Study methods that work well for oneself is readlly found.
I speak English and I'm also intereted in Japanese and Chinese.
My girls are playing a lot with their cusions.
5 minutes is 300 secoconds.
It has passed 50 seconds alreay!!
I travelled to Tailand last month.
He said, ``This is your first visit to tailand, right?
Then you must to drink to Tailand Yogurt. ``
I was very suprise by the SIZE.
Yet, dispite the fact that I have plenty of days in my hands, I don't have any plans to do anything except for a short day trip to my grandparents 'home in Yamagata prefecture.
By the way, I'm going to Euroup on the 26th.
The day before yesterday, my cumpany announced it's first quarter financial results.
As a result, my cumpany stock rate decreaced 10% yesterday.
At the same time they lose theirselies in the internet and the computer games.
His performanse very good. He performed well.
I like his performanse.
My stomeach is getting bigger and bigger.
Incheon city holds a big internetional rock festival
I felt very nervious and couldn't say much about the PR expression in English.
And I know they are disgausted by that.
By the way, if English speakers speak Asian languages in Asian coutries, Asians are interested in them.
Anyway, speaking English is in Grerat demand and speaking Asian languages is in small demand.
Why I sellect advertising is still a mystery for me.
Maybe some people think commercials are a bad thing, because they interrupt people's favorite TV programe.
So I can't cotrol it.
Oh, I am sorry, my doy.
3, Try to speake English more actively.
see you agein.
Tempra was tasty, but I had a hard time talking with my colleague in English.
I also studay English by playing video games in English.
I don't have much self estime.
schoool was cancelled because there was a typhoon.
Forcast of this week
In today's class, I was confused with the usages of ajectives.
``You kidding, hoon.`` A middle-aged man said.
This is my second English diary. (Or to someone who migh look at it and corrct it.
English was a main subject at that time, but the importance of Enlgish is growing more and more each day.
English education in elementary school started in 1997 in Korea. (from 3rd grade) Korean Goverment has an Enlsih education policy to be extended to 1st grade someday.
I have 14-years of experience teaching elementary school here in Korea, and like every other teacher, I am feeling the stress of Enlish.
After entring university, I started to study Chinese.
I really hope that I get better at English and make a lot of friends throug Lang-8.
Well, when you were a little toddler, you problaby watched some cartoons on the telly.
I will begin my wark from tomorrow on.
I also bring magazines into the bathroom such as fashion or photo mazazine with beautiful pictures.
Here is the reanson.
He said: ``Time is flying by, this time last year we were stil playing together.`` He also asked me to visit his hometown when I was free.
I want to work hard to offer better survis to the guests.
But I shouldn't really be, because I have an English presentation I iIhave to write, and tomorrow I have a piano lesson.
She is very beutiful with the clothes.
If you have a chance to travel in Zhengjiang, I recommand you should takea trip trip toHangzhou.
Fortunately, there are two drivers incoulding me, otherwise it would take longer for me to drive back home.
This resuce was a miracle.
By the way, I've been interested in slungs because I take a slang idioms workshop on Fridays.
Do you use slungs in your daily life?
And I cought a cold.
Or, I wear my favorite earings or necklace (expensive ones!!).
as a beginer, I think acoustic guitar is the best choice.
one, it's dericious.
Next morning, luckly I felt so much better.
I know it's been long time no jornal, but I finally came back to my home town from two weeks of vacationing in Hawaii.
It was the best vacaiton ever, I think.
My Japanese friend took me to play soccer and hujng out, and my best friend took me to Byodoin temple in Hawaii.
It was so beautifl and the area in which the temple is reminded me of Japan like Kyoto, you know.
I have tought myself english for a long time.
Our memories in Austria (Australia?) are especially awsome!!!
I'm confident I will pass the IELTS because you have taught me aussei English, so I'll study harder to speak English well thanks to you.
There isn't any garten, but there is a big balcony.
It's beyond my expectation that I writen a paper here which is responded to so quickly.
It is made of soy. When it is sold to coustom, it would have suger water poured on it,
But I eventually decided to go as the plan was to visit Praque and I had never been abroad before.
Once we arrived in Praque, we started sight-seeing.
Pitty that we couldn't watch more of it.
I felt a bit drowsy, so on the way back home I fell asleep and sleept like a baby.
I don't know why I fall asleep imdiately and for a very long time recentely.
If you have a facebook acount, please connect with me!
It is so lound and noisy to me.
However, I ecountered a difficulty in my English writing.
Due to above these reasons, I decieded to try to improve my English writing, by writing diaries every day.
My faborite game is ``Monster hanter``.
And, I enjoed chatting with my friends in my colledge.
I was suprise!!
Of course, there are a few possitive apsects about telly.
I have nothing against educational programmes which have a possitive effect on our development and I sometimes watch them with my little sister.
I beared it for a long time.
One is the way you learn in school, by reading books, the correct way, but not used dialy.
He was a very nice person before, but he has chaged.
-He could not make himself heard in a crowdy street.
I think that I still have good prononciations and more delicate way of expression in Chinese.
some habits seriously illegal: violance in the family, drug abuse... etc.
I was very surprised that there were so many people to see the ceremony in Wasington.
For example, International Mime fesival, Puppet Festival, International
Yesterday I flew to Hokkaido for a buisiness trip and came back home today.
I felt flight attendants are very tactiful.??
However, I'm not afraid of aftershoks, Instead I am scared of the earthquake alarms.
As we sadly partake in the last moments of pleasur from
our summer vacations I'm unhappily reminded of the dreabful schoolwork that lies ahead.
However, I think I shoudn't sleep now because I have only written one diary entry in 5 months.
Beer, MACHA (bitter green tea) and soy sauce were real Japanesell!!
If I keep smily, happiness will surely happen to me!!
What are the supporters like? How is the pitch? How is stadium outlooking?
When the check was recieved by my boss, It was corrected a lot.
If there are any problems with my pronounciation in this song,
As such, I feel so stressed out affter school.
Affter studying about 30 minutes I start to feel sleepy.
so effectly!
So if you find anything wrong with my sentense, please correct it or point it out.
Today, I whatched an Icecream car (ice cream van) near the my house. (Totonto Lake shore west)
You can make a Paper lounge to be longest as a 16-seater lounge or shotest as a 1-seater sofa.
I recived an e-mail from her that told me about shis scheal.
The Techer was going to camp whith his girlfriend so I felt jealous.
I took an evningclassroom class by myself.
I plaied with a child and I used eat lunch at a place where there are children.
Shipping mothod
He checked the attendance seet and rearised I made a mistake!
Audry was very cute& charming
Today, I have 3 classes which are sports business, academic writing and a seminar about world haritage sites.
I talked a lot with my new friend who is half Japanese and haif French.
Today, I went Downtoun with my friend and I took many pictures.
I engoyed myself but, I experienced some strange things.
By the way, I also went Chinatoun and it was awful because many people are thin, smoke and have tattoos.
However, I wonder why a poor place was made near the center of Downtoun and why the poor people are still poor?
We should donate more moeny and support them, bacause they have the right to live safely and peacefully.
I didn't know much about it, so I asked the staff which is recommended for a bigginer.
By the way, I work for the company in Tokyo and our headquaters is in the United states.
A Cammpaign Speech
I'm jiaru, I'm froom class 4.
I bealive I can do it well if I am elected.
I was fully satisefied with the swamp and marsh of oze.
this was my favorite part of the day!
She is from Austria and her hasband is from China.
I was surprised she knen Chinese characters.
Today, I rentaled some CDs
The house had a large garden and a garage while our appartment doesn't.
My hasband didn't want to because changing the tires by himself wasn't easy.
Aroud 5 o 'clock his mother came back home from work.
She had picked up some vegitables-a Chinese cabbage, spinaches, and long green onions at a small farm and gave them to us.
The pot had a partition to enjoy two diffent types of soup.
We were able to eat any meat for about one thousand yen at the restaurant so we ate a lot of vegitables, beef, pork, and chikens.
I'm going to cancel my purchase of this item, but I want to buy that new cleanzer.
I'm trying to buy this cleanzer and if I can get your items I will re-order them!
I picked up my son at the satation yesterday because he came home for the first time in a month.
While I was watching Australian TV, I felt liike a child.
wkeather is
r, she took me to the store, and I purchased an electri heater.
a lot of dilicious food. ^ ^
But I am sleeoy now...
bcause I didn't know how to use it well:(but I think this is not good thing.
recentry I'm hunting for a job.
in Japan, univercity students must get their job soon after grauation, and keep working all of their life:(I think this is a bad system.
if I can't get a job, I would go to potographer school and become a phtographer:P
Gramatically is it a conjunction?
My freign friend told me about how to prevent the cold.
But my study habit is if I don't know the words means I always use. dictional.
What is the most portant is to burn paper money, we think our ancestor will recieve it and can use it in heaven.
That will be thought as very pityful.
For example: ``So to speak``, ``on account of``, ``bacause``, ``thus``...
expressions like th.
How can you get friends in this SNS? + Short Message Service +
Of course, I have a Mixi account, the largest SNS in Japan.
So, I deside to study English harder this year.
and thank you so much for leaving your nice commets and corrections for my previous entry!!
I was very happy to make some firneds and I want to make more now.
I had to write it until the 22ndof last Desember, so I am filled with a feeling of freedom, ^ ^ but I will have to do more one thing to do for my graduation, which is an oral assessment. Which is maybe about 15 minites.
Harry Potter and the Deathry Hallows
Today, I went shopping with my daghter.
I want to visit Tokyo of course: Harajuki, Shibuya, Roppongi etc.
Last week, my frined went to NY to study English.
I bought lesons on etutor.
Preparing for travering
I want to enjoy travering there.
I have to (must) remember to do it on wedonesday.
I just read a setence in a dictionary.
So local hospitals are inviting madical students to their hospitals and asking medical students to come to their hospitals and look around inside.
For hospitals, they can use them as labor force, accept money from goverment and get compensation by being selecting.
So I went there and looked aroud with my friend.
I will leave after watchig the Japan team WBC game.
I have a plan to look aroud there from 24 to 27.
Afterwards, I might go to Okayama (prefecture) to lookin around on the 29th.
Well, I feel like panching someone `s face righ nowlol I have been flustrated all day coz of someone I dislike, in fact I hate them. If my wish could come true, I would wish to let someone kill them and vanish in front of me...
lol now probably u can see how flustrated I am?
howevrer, I forgot to save them before shutting the excel....
I totally felt dipression and dizzylol
therefore, I was fucking something stupid around till I calm down my flustaration.
so I wana ask u about ur solution when u get flustration or something bad happens to you. How can u get that out of ur mind?
Many ppl have given me messages although I've just started taking part in this SNS.
Because of the typoon, the train that I usually use for going to my company is cancelled now.
Althought it's bad news, I still had a memorabal Sunday.
I've now written elven entries on Lang-8.
He asked me, ``what are you going to do tonigh?``
So at first I introduced myself, but then I couldn't remember their name at all onece!!
First, I could come back home earlier than usual from the restaurant that I work at because of hevy snow.
Yappie!!
I always get up at 4 o 'clock evety morning.
Only one student in my class fainally came to school.
But almost all Japanse are not good at English, including me.
We can 't play soccor like Lionel Messi, who is a super soccor player, only by watching his games and studying the rules of soccor.
So, I think I have to try more (or harder) althogh it is often a bit hard (or difficult).
I am looking foward to meet you and your family.
I'm/ am really surpised bause I think she will forget later what I teach but she won't (will not).
I can't imajin how much work I have to do tomorrow because I couldn't finished it on Saterday.
I don't like raiy days.
I hope it will be sunny on tuesuday of next week because the sports festival will be held. on tuesuday.
I went to London, Paris, Francfurt and Lipzig.
they were very beautiful. they often slept in the day and catch mice at night. iwe buy fishes for them and often played with them. so we like them very much.
at last, the other cat was stoled by other people. mom said that the strangers might haveeaten it.
Totally I spent 300 $ and became a begger.
I amd a vet.
The following day after the show, my friend who came to the two-day festival mailed me, a company which sponcers artists invited her to see Buckcherry, one of the bands in that festival, at their own show in Hiroshima.
That fact makes me hesitative when I am going to meet someone.
For whomever is reading this, if& nbsp; I have mistake in grammar, PLEASE check and correcthat it.
There were lines of poeole at the place pretty far from the city.
That is more sirious for people live in Tokyo.
He always puts his face near my face and his wiskers touch my cheek.
I tickle his wiskers!
I stuied English, then prepared to go out.
We went into a restaurant and orderd our meal.
My univercity started classes on the 27th.
I can't deciide which classes I want to take.
This museum and this tour taught me that communist countries exsisted.
I don't know how to express my apperciaition
Wish things will get better tormorrow after some negotiation! Please!
If you don't know sumo, ckeck it out.
Yestaday, I had an interview with an associate consultant company.
What should I do to be more enegetic?
My heart sank from the bad result in the postgraduate entrance exam but I must force a smlie and carry on with more courage.
One class is Principles of Language Learing and Teaching, and the other is English Literature.
In the lesson, we read Macbeth, a/ the famouse play written by Shakespeare.
At the time of the first lesson, I thougt I wouldn't be able to keep up with the class.
I don't have a good head for buisiness.
T., who is a professinal Japanese illustrator.
I was very busy with her own job, so I needed to trancelate it for her to reduce her burden.
She saw it and read the translated message, and then she replied to Miss K that she would be able to draw some illastrations in black and white, but she would not be able to make them in full Manga style.
It is too much work for her, but if Miss K accepts her suggestion, she will draw it on a volantary basis.
she thought that it would be a good oportunity for her to make children's book and co-operate with British people.
I have another story and I haven't made any illustlations for it yet. ``
I and myself do not have a good head for buisiness
Becouse, if I watch it, I can't sleep.
We were satisfied with our shopping very much because their fablic is always high quority.
She was fastned to the bed, her face was sweaty and her eyes wide open, because she was afraid.
I haven't written daiaries for a long time...
Please correct my daiaries!
I am just used to words and saying realy small things.
I think, I don't need to translate Korean into English but to thinkinh in English directly.
I try to sell them on Japanease auction sites.
I keep buying them and it is like my side biginess.
Now I'm really disapointed that my American friend left me.
She came here on the same day whic I came back.
So I took her, went around our school and some fomouse place of Beijing in these 3 days.
She refused to eat any Chiese food.
But it didn't work, because she foud some friends who came from the U.
Our life style, I mean, Asians have already westernied so much.
After the Olympic games, the life of Beijing complitely changed.
We have cars, PCs, humbergars, everything same as U.
I swept and polished the floor of the kitchin.
But they will only show it on WOWOW wich is pay TV.
I was excited when I checked the morning paper, because my fraiend was in it.
evern more than last year.
Very intresting but CRT moniters were still being used.
Somebady said the Cloud is the third industrial revolution.
When the Imam said, ``Allah is the greatest,`` all my family started to eat the breakfast with apices of dates. Then I said, ``Mum, Dad, my brothers and sisters, this is an Indian rice and I made it for you. =)``
My hobbies are playing video games, surffing the internet, listening
Althought it might have bothered others, I can't help but to buy and set off fireworks.
I came acrross this website in a magazine called AERA ENGLISH (a Japanese publication) recently and thought 'wow, this is such a good match for what I want to do now with my English!!'.
I enjoyed doing netserfing.
I steeled myseif to start running
Have you ever tried Bouldring?
I tried Boudring last week.
I took looking for a Bouldring lightly.
Anyway, today's topic is the death penarty, which is very conroversial around the world.
They are seminer, writing, special topics (I can choose a class) and presentation.
Although one has a strong desire to be successfull or dreaming to be a famous person, without knowledge of manage time, he can't achieve his goals.
So I should be more carefull in managing my limited time which can lead me to success.
It is proud that I can make full use of my leisure time skilledly.
I don't like rain, because it's not possible to take a wark.
I wish the rainy seson didn't exist.
I'm intersted in demi pair (??) and in an internship program in Australia or New Zealand, so she explained those in detail.
Here, I just stay at homestay.
So I could get one degital audio book instead of paying a monthly fee.
I shold have bought a much more expensive book.
However, he was told that everone had to leave the building, so he let us leave.
I just recognized, If I want gud English I have to have more friends to contact.
I want to have lots of foerigin friends.
I love British stuff and want to stay in the countrysaide of England someday.
If any British people see my daiary, please give me advice.
I would say Sushi can be devided into 4 parts.
The scond bottom layer is called the ``popular class``.
The scond highest layer is called the ``advanced class``.
When I was studying German threre, a man came over and talked to me.
So he left my house with ``Sidartha`` in his hands.
Then I watched the Chelse vs Inter game on TV.
I didn't like Inter, so I wanted Chelse to win.
Kaera Kimura married yesturday.
For example, last summer there was a so called 'sandy town' in the middle of our square where our citizens could see world-famous sights such as Eiffel Tower, Egyptian Pyramids, Coloseum, Parthenon etc.
I thought I would live like this forever but lately my thoght has changed.
I speak some English and try to learn Italiano, but I'm only a beginniner.
I enjoyed watching her dynamic perfomance on Youtube.
That is, the Star Spangled Banner by Jennifer Hudson at the Democratic Party National Convension.
I felt tired and lethargical.
Flowers are blumming now, and I'm in good spirits =) I hope to have a rest in the forest this weekend, and my friends have just told me the weather will be good.
I hope they are rigt... =))))
Therefore my friends on Lang-8 are increacing everyday.
'Tideji' means tijou degital.
Today is a traiditional festival in China: the Mid-autumn Festival, family members will try their best to get together and enjoy the happy and warm atmosphere, a very good and important day for every Chinese.
I am living in the same way everyday, doing all of the same thinhgs, studying all different papers.
Everyday I compete with my limitations. I always feel like I don't have the abilityies to comfront society and work.
A beatiful future is waiting for you!!
He quickly hid behind the buldings.
And, I checked the history of Slovenia on the internet and found out that numerous peopls were killed by false charge during and after World War.
In Japan, almost all games are shown at midnight, so I have a lack of sllep.
I hopefully think I cound finish by tomorrow night.
He even fored us to apologize!
Cherry blossms
Another friend is taking matenity leave.
She is looking for an interesting job, and appling to many companies.
I decided to try writting the diary in english from today.
I watched a movie tonigh, actually it was not as good as I had expected.
I made tuna and potherb mustard with tomato sause.
I hope some foreigen friends can give me some advice on how to study English!
Thang you!
And I'm at the Staebucks coffee near the beauty salon.
These thesedays, I really want to make freindship with people from other countries.
By meeting them and communicating with them, I want to learn their cultrues, languages, and unique perspectives.
Shigyo-shiki is an opening celemony for the beginning of the school year or semester in Japan.
It is usually held in the frist week of April.
Typically, students are gethered in the school gym or the playground, then the celemony begins with a speech from their principal.
A girl who spoked to me said,
I might have some difficulties fulfilling this target; too much work, not enough vocaburaly, and so on.
It's been a long time since I've written a dialy.
I'm not good at Korean, but we could use English and Japanese in Seoul a littel.
I felt that Seoul has great poplation, and that the economy is prosperous/ prospering.
Actually Younger brother came back home before 5 days already but he returned to his home ground the day befoer yesterday because his vacation's over.
I was so surprised and embrassed.
I usually eati, t fresh fruit juce first....
So It is literesting.
I went to a hospital, and all four doctors who saw my thrort said
My favorite TV show will be on tonaight.
And I have been working as a designer for acsesorry, bags, shoews, necklaces and so on in Kobe for 4 years.
Oops, I've ran from my main point. Anyway, I want to leran English, and make friends from forein country.
So please send me a/ the letter and correce my diary.
becasue I was very tired.
I'm especially very sorry that we couldn't go to Tianamen Square.
I want to learn English, so I started Lamg-8 yesterday.
The Thai goverment gives money to students to study for free for fifteen years. My nephews got money to buy stationery and student uniforms.
After buying anything the guardian is supposed to return the receip to the school to confirm that the money is being used for the student and not for other things.
We have never had an offer from the goverment like this before. Usually parents pay for their children to study.
I don't know the amount that each grade recived but my nephew recived around 560 baht for this term.
I know abroad you study for free until universitry?
That is a really good goverment who supports you.
Because it can introduce something fresh to our life, like changing your shirt color for instance.
In the past, I ostracized gays all along, because I thought that was nonnatural and abnormal, but now I have changed my mind. I don't know the exact reason--maybe because I am more mature, or something else. I believe that true love can exist between two men or two women.
the Highwest fashion, which acters wear often, is popular in Korea.
All things considered, no carefree future exists for those of us who live in megapolises unless we are prepared to put some effort into working together and involving government in the problem right now.
I have many clothes because I like Fasion.
I took too many clothes to the flea market to be sold, but custmer bought
For example, neil polish, sunglasses, a watch...
But today wasn't a nonconsultation day.
Today I am very happy, because I have just made my frist friend on Lang-8!
I'm going to give a Farawell party tomorrow.
I choiced a Dopamine keychain!
Summer is finshing, and soon automn will come...
I dont wanna do, I have do it becouse I need a lot money if I want to travel. Every day I think about how it would be to live in london or new york???
this trip is to forget about everything that hapen at my work..
After performanced, she did an intervew and started crying.
Today I feel happy bacause my flat mate went back to his country (Yeah!!)
For example, He alwasys smoked in the living room even though I told him that I'm a nonsmoker and I'd like him to somke outside.
Oh godness!
It is such a confatable place, and so beautiful!
So I'm unluckly.
We have a lot of onomatopes in Japanese.
One food texuture word, crispy is used for potato chips.
I'm too busy or I'm too lasy
Sometimes I cut these boring classes then went to the library because I just wanted to read some books, which I think is much more& nbsp; intersting than my teacher's lectures.
It had survived some falls and I accedentally sat on it once. ^ ^ '' I'm so sloppy when it comes to handling my stuff. ^ ^ ''
So our teacher devided us into many teams so we could talk to the foreign friends in a small group.
Tommorow I'm going to take my children to a soccer lesson.
From todays neww.
In Japan, many peaple measure radiation recently.
When it comes to crimes, I think mass media plays an important role in informing citizens of what's going on at a natonwide level.
Right now I am practicing it, but it's so hard to pronunce well.
Whould you advise me on how to improve my English ability?
However, they were surprisedly.
Koyasan is very famous for a type of Butism, called SHINGONSYU.
I invited my foregin friends to my town.
My dream is run a youth hostel in my town and I hope that many foregin people visit my home town.
becuse I think she's a nice girl and a good match for me.
It includes many incorrect sentences that I am wrinting.
This month the examimation are over, so right now I'm happy. I'm going to celebrete with my classmates, but it's raining with a posibility of snow in the east city, near the Andes mountains.
As you can see, I have a very hard time using Englsh.& nbsp;
This following diologues is from the sitcom Friends that I'm watching.
I just got the test result this Fridy.
I was waiting for my result on the web site with my mom and when the word ``Pass`` appeared on the scrren I almost shouted with excitment.
But I'm trying to focuse on my study and work.
My homedown is much noisier than Calary.
My homedown is busier than Calary.
Maybe my homedown is the noisiest in the world.
My homedown has more a bigger population than Calary.
My homedown is noisier than Calary.
My homedown is brighter than Calary at night.
My homedown has more traffic jams than Calary.
My homedown has more public transport than Calary.
My homedown has the best public transport in the world.
My homedown is younger than Calary.
My homedown has more moutains than Calary.
I strogly suggest not going to the English school after the dentist...
I was concerned about such an extremely low temperature and yet I still let them do a lot of preparation excersise.
And when she wore glasses for far-sighedness, she couldn't see things at a distance!
How to defind the distance between far and near?
It was a chllange if my mom wanted to watch TV and write somthing down at the same time.
People always say: 'The eyes are the winodw to the soul'.
In 2007, I went to America for 2 weaks by myself.
I was surprised at the sashimi of colorful tropical fish and giant clum in their beautifl shells.
By 2012, I'll have hinished school.
I haven't gone anywhere because of increadibly hot weathre.
That is why I will write this daiary in both languages!
Actually I pland a lot of activities during this holiday, but I could not do them at all!!
But during World War II, the castel was burnt down on May 14, 1945.
I try to keep writing in my dialy for 3 days starting from today.
Hi, this is An, and it's my first time writing in Engilsh and Spanish.
It's sxxk (?) to show my poor English and Spanish in a public space, but it is very very important now. I have to studing and face it, so get on An, everything will be good, haha...
Now I must fight with my laziness and try to write more, becouse really I (I really) want to become fluent in English.
Although I spent my birthday in a forigne country, My Korean friends congretulated me on the Internet.
I was touched and it was absoultely briliant.
Maybe I don't need a boyfriend, I hate marride.
My fater and my mother don't like each other, they affect my opinion about marriage.
and after 6pm people went around the street carrying a torch on their sholder.
I hope my face doesn't become swallen.
I will change them to a mixed ceramic and prastic cap later.
So Access is a DateBase softwere.
I think each company has an exclusive datebase softwere.
If there is a reason to use it, the exclusive softwere will be expensive.
Looking forword to your reply.
The gym is not crowded and has enough machines for many kinds of excercises.
I was almost cried some times and I was moved so much altough today was my second time to see it.
After the show I went to back of the theater and I could meet some cast. I could get an autografy from MARK, Beny and Mimi!! When I said to MARK ``I'm your big fan!`` he only nodded me saying nothing....
I could have his autografy on DVD!!
My sister is in high scool and
my brother is in middel school.
Althought I was cold, I said: ``No probiem!``
he finished wrting a letter to his friend, it was 1 a. m.
We decided to watch another movie called ``Source code``. It was enterning, but there were too many mistakes about the informatic technology.
Next time we will book in advence on the internet.
My favorite Podcastnamed Morning Ireland releaced a podcast so I will keep it on my iPod.
I tred many mays to relax: listen classical music; talk with friends; a cup of hot milk.......
I usually wake up alound 6: 00am.
My friend in NZ introducemed me to these funny comedians!
I don't have any foreign friends near here, and I don't have enough maney to go to English school.
It is designed to keep the right tempature by the roof made of warm felt and the wrapping cloth easily flips partly open.
This technology which can provide electricity anywhere is very good for thir lifestyle moving through the vast steppe.
I know it's a little arrogant to contribute consective entries and beg such a favor.
My comany recently expressed that they want emploee to study Engish, to be successful
First, our president sends an English message to every emploee
Some of my colleagues have already worked overseas in China, India, Ameria...
Yesterday and today I've been to Toyohashi, Aichi prefecture to attendattending anin-house conference, called Research Policy Retreet.
I stepped on a cockroach accidently!!!!!
Moreover, according to a book, more and more companies tend to value thier abilities or personalities over their careers.
Therefore, salaries should be paid for the results of daily work such as thier perfomance and the benefit they have brought to thier workplaces.
One thing that I think really interesting is that each person has a different percepction about the tempreture by each hometown.
By the way, this year's summer is carrzy!!
A few days ago, the highest tempreture in my room was 36. 5 degrees!
Instantly, I doubted my themometer.
I always tought this sport would be too tiring for me.
But, while playing basketball I was so exitied, after all.
Now, I'll keep plaing!
Nicwe to meet you.
It would be a fantustic school....
Not outsite, no stories to talk about with my friends.
Hello, my wonderful friends. When I don't go outsite my house,
By the way, I am feeling muscler pain in two days after I got exercise.
Friday is colled 'HANAKIN' in Japanease.
So residents are required to help each other and participate in comittee.
There are many comittee like the Representive Committee, Bath Committee and Welfare Committee.
Unforunately, some members of the Netwokr comittee graduated in the last month.
But we, Japanese, use Chinese letters that have their own pronounciation and meanings when we write and read Japanese.
This is my first time to write a diary online in Engish.
The sunlight shining in through my window acts as my alarmm clock.
However, I recieved an r E-mail from her saying, ``It was so fun to hear your broken funny English.``
I was very interested in that particular kind of memo, and so I reserch it on the Internet.
Please thell me the differences
I like to talk about space, biomechanics, artifact intelligence, motorcycles (Yamaha Vmax owner) and something fun.
I believe there is a very good company somewhre in Japan.
I haven't eaten any sushi for a long time because there istn't any fresh fish in Frankfurt.
I've got two weeks laft here in the UK which is kind of what I don't want, however part of me is also wantingto go back to Japan.
They are pretty cute and quiete.
I always have eaten meat (likesteak humburger) when I go abroad.
Still don't forget the acdamic paper!
Spain is a quite cozy country and the people there are kind and lovely.
I was there for 2 weeks, met a lot of new people and made frienda with them.
I was tierd, becouse I took over the job.
I have to get up early tomorow moroning.
I think he has deeply understands Japan and its coulture.
The practice time for playing the violin has to be maintained for a successful addmition.
Therefore, September is the last apportunity during which I will have time to study English.
I know talking with foreigners is an important thing to do practive Eng.
He refused to take reponsibility and exchange my computer saying,
Despite everthing that was happening, I am sure that I am still a lucky guy who was able to
When we are togother, we often have lots to talk about, and if we don't, we just keep silent.
As you know, Fukushima's nuclear plant has been having toruble since March 11, the day of earthquake.
I wanted to have more comversation with him, but I could only trade FB id's.
I can understand writed English better than spoken.
So make sure take your own precautions, such as washing hands, wearing a mask, dont talking to ppl, and staying at home all day. hahaha
I recommend it anyone who is studiying second languages.
I really appriciate your help.
It's opend every Satarday.
Foreighners speaking in Kansai-ben as a challenging topic
plase help me!!! it's urgent!!
(Punishment fits the cirme)
I regarted it so much.
I could write essey easilly, so I'll try to do my best!
Please correst my wrong sentence.
we won an aglicultural product this year!
I have never got gifts excpt at that festival.
It was sunny and muggy this mornng.
It was only after a second that it started to rain heavly!
It is ratehr wise to follow what my mother says.
But I still feel my English is not good enogh.
We talked about our research and how to be popular wiwh girls.
She said she was pregnat, but had a miscarriage.
I assurd it is because there are some reasons.
I ordered an iced coffee, and sat in a comfortable sofer.
I'm interested in this subect.
It's also a good experience which can arouse my interet in language and at the same time help other people.
I am willing to correct those articles in Traditonal Chinese but Simplified Chinese seems to prevail.
Although grammer and usages are the same, I am wondering if my corrections were well understood. (grammar was misspelt)
Today I want to tell you, about my holydays.
My holydays is so boring.
Our forest is greene and it grows diferent trees and flowers.
Herhaps it's because she is my baby, not someone else's.
Untill this time, from junior higj school to now, I have had practice everyday at the club.
Because, I want to speak English while on Bussines.
I organize loudrock comunity website in Japan.
I would be glad to organise a loudrock comunity together.
A more beautifl Lang-8
It has been a long time since the last time wrote entiry on Lang-8.
Pls help me correct it.
I'm not familier in programming.
And there were lots of custmers!:D hehe
Every custmer seem to love our shop!:)
What's the defference betweem ``go mad``& ``get mad``?
Anyway, I had taken TOEFL several times to get 550 point to enroll college.
It was huge boom to grow up in the Japanese economy andbecause of that, my parents believed I would apply for major companies such as panasonic, nitendo, and so on.
I do not know how the Americans really feel, but as far as can tell from newspapers and TV programs, they are tired of being at war, and of suffering in a financilal crunch and so on.
As he mentioned in his innauguration speech, greatness is never a given.
We don't much go out to eat much, but sometimes it's fun to go to restaurat that we heve never been to before.
I was not ready about today's topic which is ``hablts`` and ``fun story``.
I can't speak and explan what I'm trying to say to other members in English.
I alwasy wait and listen to other member's topic.
One member enrolled about a week ago said that although there is many memebers but it's too quiet.
I decied even though I have misstake with my explation and grammer.
Yesterday I went to lisetn to a design speech with my classmate.
But I felt satify after listening that speech.
Sometimes, listening to a positive talking or happy proform may give us power to live in this complex generation.
About 3 months ago, she told (discolsed is very formal) me that she had some feelings for the guy, so I gave her some advice to test if the guy had any feelings for her.
In addtion, I don't know why, but some Australians can speak Japanese.
I still remenber that.
He said it was so complecated to explain.
Seems I was ready to belive everybody and everything that might happen on this day.
The anymal symbols are representative of twelve specific years.
We also call those twelve yeaes ``one period``.
And if you were born in a year when the anymal symbol was the rabbit, you are called a ``rabbit person``.
I am a chiken person.
Dary start
The first day I went to scool I was very excited because evirybody was very kind.
My first friend is Iand J because I play math bord games
Then I do sience but I don't understand English so can someone
cafetria.
His father is a Japanese Jyudou player.
To be honet, I would like to buy CDs of my favorite bands but because I'm broke now, I waited for the rental.
Ever since I listend to their music, I have been fascinated with them.
Though I bring my home to my PC for work, his e-mail was transferd to my mobile phone.
healty.
I made up my mind to study English intensively untill I become fluent.
stupit.:(
I understand what he worte, but I don't find
I am also interested in why they conquested South America.
I am going to read the history of Laten America.
Recentlly I finished a big exam and realized how important English is. Also, I want to be qualified for being an exchange student next year.
My unforgetable winter cacation
Although the cacation is over, the nice memories are still in my head.
I feel so pround for the devolopment.
I uplode some photos and share with my dear friends.
If you want to kown more about, please write to me.
The oridinal story comes from Heidis Lehr-und Wanderjahre.
She granduated and has been a civil servant in another city, since then our love has been harder and harder to keep.
As I guessed, she had read the SMSes saved in my cellphone and found out I was dating other girls and that I was contacting my ex-girlfriens and it had hurt her deeply.
Below is more detailed information from Wikipedea
I watched Oprah's 2008 Stanford commencement address on onthat website.
Fortunatelly, I got to know the lady who works at City Hall and helps Japanese who want to study at the base.
She is soooo coporative and helpful.
Actually it costs a lot of money to pay the tguition and fees.
But I also thought it might be a great chance to stuyd in REAL AMERICA without leaving Japan.
Everything hides in the deep foerst
I've been enving those who are able to model as 3D models with beautiful curves.
I believe that is a nessesary skill for an industrial designer.
I haven't log in to Lang-8 for more than 3 months, because I spent more time on daning in my spare time.
I'm really gratefull to you
People want thier life to be special and want to live differently than others.
More and more people seem unsatisfied and think ``my life should not be like this.`` Though, they usually don't act to protest society's flawns and do not improve their own situaions.
Team work is the most important thing in Japan and team peformance is highly esteemed.
If somebody was infererior to others or imcompitent, I was blamed by the boss.
I don't write his advice here because I think everybody has a different situaton.
But they spent too much time in perparing and, when they wanted to sing a song after the introduction, the music teacher asked them to stop.
My doctore said Japan and South korea have the highest asthma mortality rate.
The karaoke industry should introduce offcial music videos into the karaoke machine.
I've just watched Fulham vs Newcastle play a live match at Fuluham's home studium.
Then I will decide my favorite team and register as a member.
Also, I don't know as much about Enlish writing or English listening skills as other people do.
Enjoy the nice summber weather ~ ~
Today I met the models the agency sent to our class, but I decided to not choso any of them.
I know the fashion industry demands this extreme thiness, but I don't think its beautiful.
Mout Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
I don't know how to explain it (or ``explain my feelings``) to my girlfrend.
She said that people who only contect each other via messages and calls are silly.
How to remmenber/ memorize more words and ues them rightly
There is a woman with her hans all over her on this sleeve.
I'm going to visit Equador next week.
Also, I'm a little nervous about A (H1N1) virus, casue I have to take an airplae, which means they also use the airport which is one of the routes of infection annouced by most publc news media.
Like human beings conqure the Black plague in the past.
You can see beautiful views in the picturue.
If there is interaction between characters, the system should consider all charactes.
So beutiful and cute.
I and my husband and my son have hevy hay fever.
These days I've beem thinking about dreams and visions of university students just like me.
Living in this society, we face lots of problems and feel destrusted when we have no success or any kind of accomplishment.
We aew too busy to remember that pure and noble reason why we are studying here and now.
I sympathize with those young people who are meloancholy and depressed in this society.
or I am just a slave of this cometitive society? ``Whatever the situation is, I really want to find my true value and live authentically as myself!
Now, the Japanese goverment regulates imported rice by imposing high tariffs.
I agree that the government shoud protect rice farmers from chep imported rice because Japonica rice is definitely better than imported rice.
Recentry I have been feeling something strange.
When I woke up and looked at the clook, I was surprised.
Its script is very good and the designs of the* other* planets, alians and vehicles are wonderful.
But when I want to pick it up, I find it really diffcult to balance these two languages---Japanese and English well.
Sometimes I even ask myself whether I have the ability to aquire these two languages at the same time.
It is sooo fun and I think it's easy.
And pronunciations are easy for Japanese, grammer is similar to English.
For this porpose, I should study hard and work hard for travel enpenses!!
I lost the name of the person who sent me a fraind request.
If you see my diary, please send me a fraind request again!
But I don't think the following ones are correct, though the slimilar forms (e) and (f) are natural sounding.
Although I did not believe in his existanse until watching this, Superman exists in the world! Thanks to him, I get to believe that there are a lot of things which are beyond our imagination in the world.
I always think that relationships with peole are difficult.
I'm going to the liberary this afternoon.
Of course, not only books are there but it's also a confortable plase to me.
Hattrikid is one of my Lang-8 friends.
About the animation: Fullmetal Alcheminist
I watched a very popular animation program in Japan called ``Fullmetal Alcheminist`` with my children.
It includes the human's carma (desire to reunion with lost mother), the Seven Sins and the war generated from the worship etc.
Especially, I can't get one woefull image out of my mind: it's the image of the chimera animal made from a innocent girl and her big pet dog.
I don't think this is specific thing becasue this is just literally talking, not some sort of speech or presentation.
That's why I sometime hesitate to talk in a class, trying not to making mistakes and be humilliated, which I think is just lazy as well.
I think this is a hilarious show where a bunch of guys and girls hang out together and have a life filled with comedy and other ridiculosity things.
As a man, he shoule compromise a bit.
but he is so bad tempered and irrtable that I can't bear it.
Thanhk you very much.
A large portion of new games are released on PSP or Nintend DS.
I remembered that I need to go to the supermarket to shop with friends. We will eat steamboat tonigt at home and will play cards and mahjong.
He is a very famouse korean actor.
He is good perpormer, especially to expresss setive emotion.
the play is so famouse in Korea.
My frieds are not interested in plays T ^ T
I didn't knnow what trust is.
I gurantee that nobody will find these bodies unless the landform is changed extensively by something.
Finally, I estblished my objective to major in history.
I will be going to canada to study for one year in augest.
I don't know why I had to see such dreams, but when I was dreaming, I had many things to doo, more importantly a deadline was threatened.
I was exhausted beacuse I moved the office's things all day long.
That's a freshing feeling for me though.
I just finished taking shawer.
I met such lovely friends from all over the world who I woudln't have met if I hadn't come here.
I was really really greatful that I met them..
He has to find another job in this desparate moment.
My wife took child-care leave, but she went back to her job in Fevruary, so we have had less time to take care of the children than before.
Now I have complete some of my tasks, I wish I could wirte in my journal and proof read my Lang8 friend's journal like before.
There are meny shopping centers.
Everything was very dericious.
On the last day, my friends cereblated my birthday.
They held a birthday pirty for me.
We grank Makgeolli and ate cake!!
Every seane is actually real!!
Thisfilm has many ironic and humourous messagesdealing with celebrities, eco business, and homosexality.
It is very direct, so people under 15 years old cannot wath this movie in Japan.
He can speak Deutsh fruently, andwhen he spoke English in the movie he had a Germanish accent.
Oh, I've quite forgotten to write ``every little helps`` in my firsy journal!
Nice to meet you all& yorosiku onegaisimas!!
Anyawy, This Saturday is my school festival.
I'm a leader of the Inhwa herald, our English newspaper culb.
I've been studying English for several years, but there are really few oppotunities for me, like most Japanese people, to write in English and use English in conversation.
I really need to brush up on my English, and it would be a great help if you correct my Emglish.
Althoug I had a bad score in Economics, I still got a second chance in my cram school exam.
When I was in Tokyo, my sons went to school and to their football clubs by theirselves.
Every time I listen to my voice, I feel very embarrased by my English, my way of talking, and my voice itself.
His physical condition has recoverd.
First, I have to do exercie evryday.
Apparently I threw it away when I was sleeping. It was uncomfotable because I had a stuffy nose.
I expect CNN is very difficult, extreamly hard, smashing me.
2. (which is a better sentenc??)
Is there any grammer mistakes in the following dialoge
But I am not sure what my atitude made them angy.
I explained to the people who came for the first time as an experiencer worker.
When they were talking in English, their talking spead was so fast that I could hardly understand e what they were talking about.
I've not dicided yet.
I don't understand why my alram didn't work.
I have no idear about it!
Hong Kong (ese) people speak Catonese too.
This spring, Japan is very hot in comperison with last year.
My wife and I really are big funs of it and my wife named our dog ``Hal`` after the super computer in this movie.
That iwas why the students had complained to me about the contents and direction of my class.
amazaing!
Cheristmas day, I went to watch illuminations in Roppongi and omotesando with my friends.
I think Melbourne's enviorment is very suitbal for living.
cosmestic surgery
If the cosmestic surgery is able to remove the complex of appearance, they will be able to regain their confidence
I think cosmestic surgery is good.
Maybe it's their culture, so if you want going to Hong Knog you had better don't mind it.
In Hong Kong, my strongest impressional is the shopping malls, outlets and night places, especially the night places, so beautiful and so good, it's the most beautiful night place I have seen.
The KTX (Korea Train Express) ran very fast at super superhigh speed, approximately 300 km/ hr.
Thanks to everyone who correted my poor english
/ The Frist time I saw the movie was when I was a high school student.
I like cooking various soye-bean milk; sometimes I put some red dates into it, and sometimes I mix it with a little black rice, still oat, ormosia, black sesame...
I have to say my mother is an ace food buyier.
Morever, undergrade students come too!
Be careful with Ninjya, thiugh you can't lol (another typographical error)
All restaurants in the huge walterfront area were reserved for us.
I have two more choises which are to use the bus or to use the train, but the buses run infrequently near my house and it takes time to walk from my place to the nearest station.
There are a lot of buildings which I think are Europian (?)
Mom is so talkaive that she is always talking to me.
In Japan, we have a holiday for three days straight this weekend! However, highway trafic will be very heavy and most highway tolls will be the maximum of 1000 yen because of the holiday! So I will stay home this weekend.
And his daughter is pazzling...
I should wait until my proffesor explains the meaning of this novel.
I have been studying English for 3 years in Japan but I have only been to hawai.
Personly, l don't like living in New Zealand.
When you look up a word in this dictionary, it always gives you a clear definision of the word in a user-friendly layout.
I used to use a Japanese-English one (and addmittedly still use it from time to time), but now I usually use the English-English one.
This is because I find that it is a more efficient and interesting way of learning a language to read the definision of each word in its original language.
Beaside this, the more harder part in the English language is the pronuntation (talk), the combinations of characters do not have the same sound that I can find in my native language and the same combination have a different pronunciation in others words, this is a nightmare for me.
I hope lang-8 and all their wonderfull people help me to improve my communication skills.
What Im am expecting from this post is to know how I am doing with my grammar, my bocabulary, and my english expresion.
This morning I went to work, my fater has a plece inside the local market so I go there and work as the casher.
When I am at work there is not much to do, so I pick up my notebook and start to practice my hiragana/ katakana, I hope some day be as good at that, so that I would go to Japan to sharpen my skills, my all life my dream was to work in internacional business and to be working all over the world, but now it seems so much like a dream, that much of the time I feel down unmotivated. Getting back to the main point, after I finished my work at my fathers place I took my computer and watched some anime material I did have in.
Afterwards I met my friends, at a movie theater to see the movie ``monsters vs alliens``. The movie was cool and perhaps had some random tophics in it.
My boyfriend is an Amarican.
In the wake of big myhem like september 11th, Japan's security level was leveraged especially at the airport so as to take precautins to prevent violence swiftly.
Sherlock and his ols friend Dr.
Waston spent many hours looking in the mud on Laver Gill Moor.
Waston thought it was not possible to find the answers, but Sherlock thought every mystery has an answer.
What a long time agao.
I didn't get back untile 9 PM last night.
I want to watch more movies and dramas from foreign contrys.
I know nothing about the relationship between men and women in foreign countires.
But actually we were totally chiken, even though some woman passed by, We did nothing.
also if you are learning Korean, let's be a freind with each other
Jessica Alba and Michelle rodrigus appeared in Machete.
Becuase she was younger than me, I paid for the meal.
Although we only had Fried Dumplings and some noodles, it was more expernsive than I had expected.
Prease answer.
What do you think about the difference between spending about a hunred thousand vnd travelling by bike and paying only 50000 vnd for a commuter ticket.
Futhermore, if you travel by bus, you don't have to wait in line to buy a parking ticket, or pay a fine because you went through a red light or were riding without a safety helmet.
I used to see some terrible bike accidents so maybe travellling by bus is safer.
Besides, when the weather is bad-too hot or too cold-choosing the bus for travelling is resonable.
In the (translation to) portugues, all these sentences are right.
That's why Present Continuous and Presente Simple are so tricky for us, brazilians.
I think I could not lose weight becasue I already had rice and coke as well as pizza at lunch time.
In spite of the rain, I have a graet passion for Archery....
I haven't been ablo to see her for a few days.
Also, it is still connected to a worker's promotion or career track after enterning the company.
I know the governer of Miyazaki used to be a comedian, but after studying politics at Waseda University, he was elected as a governer.
I think the media's influence was inportant for him because if he was not well known as a comedian, he would not be elected as (a) governer.
In Japane most people are punctual and honest.
Last week, I went on a picnic and ate barbecue at a restrurant
It exceeded 30 degrees Celicius today.
Today I found a news article which was written about the Erupean payment system.
Receently, I have beenlooking for payment services abroad for my buisiness.
That white paper is convinient for me.
He can't speak in complate sentences.
poor weather forcast in Shanghai
The weather forcast was totally wrong.
I'd like to make a good sentance, but it is not easy.
I'm biginner of sutdying English.
In various business sence, English ability has been requied recently>. <
But it was too late perhaps, they didn't give me anithing.
Even if my brain was not totaly in it's place, I was still able to do a 20 Japanese character study instead of the required 30.
We will have an orvernight stay in a traditional Japanese hotel (Ryokan).
Nagoya Granpus climed their first J-League title yesterday.
Cororado Rapids got their first title of MLS on the same day.
Thank you for readnig this!
Japanese people are adent insect fans
I saw this story in a Japanese jaurnal.
Yangyang felt guily for not staying at home at the time when there was a fire.
The wall is a wall around myself, the river is a river that is flowing in myself, and the smoke is smoke from burning myseif.
His pieces were (are?) displayed at Yokohama triennale.
I study Italian too. I feel that this language is fresh because I have studied Italian forthree manths.
Those sandwiches are shawirma made with chicken in a special way.
The last one is baqlawa.
As it turned out, my anxiety wasn't justufied, and the music intrigued me after a few minutes of listening.
I hadn't noticed any sharp changes of dynamics like an Opeth and dynamics changes so smooth that heavy fragments are separeted by only a little (small?) changes of tone of instruments and a particular emphasis in the drummer's rhytm.
In my optiton, the best track on this album is 'Not Unlike the Waves'.
And you want to return to this world agait and again...
I've just moved here at the end of Auguest.-> August
I'm studing my spanish textbook..
Last semester, my Spanish professor said the midterm would be very difficult and the final exam, which is weighted strongly in my fnal semester grade, would be very easy.
Today is sooo hot, even at night, it still feels hot in my room.
``Dradon Ball Z``
Breathing Exercize
I attended a breathing exercize class called ``KIKO``.
It is like Yoga but a bit diffrent.
She has been doing this for 9 years at another trainin hall in Osaka, which is two hours by train.
so it 'sa little starange.
Frist day
The beach was crowded with visiter.
first, they are going to lose thier confidence.
Thanksto evryone who edits this.
My favorite American TV show is Frends.
We ejoyed swimming and doing other activities.
E-mai
I am doing my best (watashi ha ganbare), and I am really enjoing it, no matter if thing not always go as smooth as I can wish.
And we can manage to solute the problem of low birthdate.
I have worked in this company for two years after graduation, This company is a state company, no exployees ever worries of being out of work.
I don't how to work in this company, I am only in the beginning of my work time, maybe I should change my perspective on working, Unlike other older exployees I should always remmber that I am young, I need deal with
Then, I jumped becouse I felt swetty.
This light has the performance of low energy and high blightness.
If there is the controller to change the blightness, even better.
I finished reading ``How Sratbucks saved my life`` today.
He started cleaning the store toilet and bagan to learn valuable things through his job and finally found his true happiness in his new job and unfamillier environment.
I like both of ficition and non-fiction!
Correct feedback helps students to implove.
how diffrent are feedback and assessment in English?
the temprature is getting lower and lower.
Past experence (Please someone help me. I am going to write this topic in this Friday's exam.)
I walked through the entrace of the alley to wait for a motorbike taxi but a minibus came instead and I decided to get in.
Seattle Mariners were/ went againsttheLos Losangels Angels.
But after I understand the first sentence, thier second one has already been said.
Afterward my lunch, I went to an rental video shop and rented 5 DVD.
Whent the concert started, I didn't know most of the songs and I wondered why there were 5 people on-stage.
I work for a pharmaceutical campany, so sometimes I have to use English for my business.
Anyway for the first time I visited church, I felt that there was something there which I had been eagering to have, eager to know.
And I would like to improve my English writing ability to pass the intermedia level of General English Proficiency Test.
We were completly taken aback, but we decided to search for the wallet on the same pavement on which we had ran.
The comapny produces mostly cosmetic products.
I may go on business trips to the overseas branch someday, by some chance, I may be transfed there for a while.
But everyday this bottle tenaciously appears somewhere in the race, and then disappears the next morment.
I paied 4935 for it
The office was quiest because of the holiday so we ate out at lunch,
My new friend messesge me ``happy languege``.
I am very tired noww.
Though Japanese are known to like fish extremely much, Sakanakun particullary has an extensive knowledge about fish.
Japanese chiks are easy targets
I see so many Japanese chiks in the city.
Getting married with anAustralian guy is aneasy way to get PR in Australia, so some Japanese chiks try to win over Australian guys.
Japanese chiks are popular in Australia, but it doesn't mean Japanese chiks are beautiful.
Those Japanese chiks probablythink ``if we can get Australian boyfriends, we could easily study English and get PR. It's the easiest way to master English!``
It's rediculous, There is no ``shortest way`` to master another language. They can't understand that.
Most Japanese chiks get dumped by aus guys.
Of course those bithes thenlook for theirnext partners and then get dumped again later lol
I am really disappointed with (by) Japanese people who live in sydney, especially some of the chiks.
It is very populer in Jaapan.
I already heard the news from his mather's greeting card.
He wore the costume of an anime characer.
It was broradcasting on Sunday in the late afternoon.
But I was out just then, so I copyed it.
Seeing people falling down from the skyscrapers was horrable.
BTW I have a grammetical question, which one is correct?
based on what grammetical rule?
Alcohol and Drung Education Program
To continue someting will bring you great power.
For everything, to contine is most important thing.
For example, walking for helth, learning foreign language, etc..!
But I don't think I can get it, because it's a littile difficult for me.
This day me and my fammilly was on picnic and after that, when we have been going home by car, my dad gave me 1 lesson of driving car.
Even though I'm Korean, I am staying in INIDIA right now for studying abroad.
I know I have problems with grammar, especially with phrazal verbs and idioms.
I think I will rewrite it here and find someone whou can explain it to me.
Have you seen Japanese mobile phones in Japane?
Eva's new movie will be released this summer, and the charactors use this phone in the movie.
My breakfast for this morning was protain powder mixed with water.
I graduated from colleage and majoed in radiology.
Currently, I am workin in the cardiac and vascular center at Samsung Medical Center.
I am an outgoing person who has a positive atitude and a sense of humor.
I want to make many international friends and have good realation with them.
I'll gradurate Univercity next year.
And, I have been singing at an acappella group during my univercity life.
In fact, seniorities born after World War II, in the generation of babyboomers, will rapidly enter their aging years in the near future. Meanwhile, the birthrate in Japan is declining.
Anyhow, this inclination will possibly put a heavy burdene on the next generation's shoulder.
I think the elderly people will be expected to work into their later years to reduce the burdene on the society.
I'm always thinking of them every day. Even though we have never seen each other in real life, we always have a wonderful time together on Skype, MSN and on our webcame since I came to Lang-8 and met them.
My day is really wonderful. Actually, when I come home I need to trun on my computer before I take a bath because I would like to see them and read their comments on my page.
my wonderful frinds. ``
Because witting the article is difficule, I don't know which way is right.
I heard that he chose to kill himnself last Friday.
Now I have only half a containner, about 10 liters.
Recentry I've been interested in martial arts.
I hope someday to challange.
Goning to the sea
I want to speak English so I deceided to write at Lang-8 in English from now on.
Lasr weekend I had a drink with one of my old friends.
Sencond, I have to wash our dishes after having dinner.
I went to the Toba aqualium and Ise temple.
I feel like I can be a good mom. (No, I cannot say this only because of tha lunch box haha)
But many people adviced him not to do it.
The news was brordcasted all over the world and he delivered his speech in English.
I gogled, rechecked on the web and found it on Youtube.
Lots of novelists like me tend to choose the oppsite decision.
I wish the war disappered and a peacefull world will arrive before long.
Alan gives a long closing which is passionate and---like shirley said---always makes people find the darker side of themselve.
I've seen a Japanese translater using this show for continued learning of English.
Keeping a diary is a good babit.
becas my friend has come back from Japan.
I have not eatten rice yet.
I am bit hangry.
I did not plan a costom for the party.
In conclution, English is marvelous!
Today, I had a New Yea 'rs party with my collleagu in my company.
But, I had verry happy time at the New Year's party.
Alcohol makes peaple happy.
we ate luch there.
I was disapointed about that.
It was a geart time.
But, I am double majoring in mecanical
(I think it should be English literature or English educatinal, right?
but, at my uni it is just Enlgish..
To coordinate the work of TA evaluation and TA certificate: TA Evaluation Forms start to condut during the 13th of Dec.
After arriving at the station, we went to the hotel we had a reservation with frist, and checked in, then we went to another hotel to have lunch, of course my wife had found this.
So I canceld one dolce.
After the meal, we went on a strall around San Marco, which is the symbol of Venice, I'll talk about it next time.
Look at this crip, please:D
In China, evety student in a university has to take the test.
But the firts book is a real autobiography of Mineko Iwasaki and the second one is just fiction.
Then we gradually realized that the shake was weired.
Our manager murmured ``It's weired....
However, when it comes to our office, some windows and doors were destroid by the quake.
Tokyo Electric Company decided to cut the power tomorrow so that the newclear plants in Fukushima will be able to recover....
My hoby is listening to music.
I'm a first year Univercity student.
At first, we didn't even know how to start a conversation because we've never had a silmilar experience before.
Yesterday's Otumai was gizzard, fried chiken, okonomiyaki, and something else.
But, I do not have an interessing theme.
I thounght I could translate my favorite Japanese music!
Here in Miyagi, we had few utilities-no water or gus.
In particular, there were wide desks for directors with tranparent glass dividers.
I am not goint to criticise my company's facilities but just want to compare them.
I hope you take advantage; I hope you see things that surprise you, I hope you feel things that you have never felt, I hpe you meet people with different opinions, I hope you are proud of your life; if you aren't, I hope you have the strength and you can begin it again. ``
The Curious Case of Benjamin Buton
I was shoked by what she said.
Today is mother's day, so I went to a deparetment store with my wife to buy a present for my mother.
because suffed animal suits are a little bit childish.
Today I'll writte about my family.
Today I had a class about edcation.
We do not have to paln.
I have 4 family members: my father, mother and littel brother.
My father is motherate, he is not so agreeable.
My littel brother is active, he likes playing soccer.
in the afternoon, my anut asked us to visit her villa.
So my company desided tomorrow will be a holiday.
Tommorow is opening day at Sun Peaks Resort for winter lift operetions!
Of course I'll go snowboarding tommorow.
Today was a dayoff off.
I enjoied this summer!
The first day, I went there at midnaght.
But, I akways think that it would be troublesome for them.
But when I see this festival I foget my boredom.
My daughter likes to put syrop on vanilla ice cream.
Day by day, it becomes well-droped.
But still to read writing by non-native speakers, studing Japanese, helps me to understand Japanese grammar (more) clearly and gives me the joy of discovering how Japanese is learned/ acquired/ thought of by another culture.
Anyway, we will see. I'm only sure of one thing, that I will keep practicing my English with or without Microsot:)
I met another Japanese recruting company's staff to arrange job interviews in Bugis (a name of a place).
He told me he would want to know my English skills, so we had a conversation in English for around 5 minites.
I could arrange interveiws for Japanese and foreign companies.
First, the upside to the urbanizaion is that it makes our lives convenient.
I was so excieted and expecting a good ending but...
This Saturdey I took part in an American contest FLEX consisting of three rounds.
Now I have no idea what to write))) Next time, I think, I'll write smth more valuable.
Blue tinctured cartain is popular.
It's similar to Japanese Karate, but I can't discern their difference because I even don't know about Katare that much.
, for example, kindergarden (My daughter's starting kindergarden in a year and a half), favorite foods (Our children are too picky about what they eat), etc...
To couqure the British accent, I have started to watch British dramas
I teach physics, Ana teaches Japanese, Ega teaches Indonese, and Yanti teaches music.
Learn something from the falut instead of blaming yourself.
I have to write an eesay in about 200 words.
Some are popullar landmarks and have many people visit every day.
We will learn by chatting about different topics and news headlines (stories). It's not a vedio chat but only typing. because My computer's output broke down and I can only hear other people's voices and you won't be able to hear mine. I think it's unfortunate, so we will learn by typing.
Native English speakers who just want to know the the different thoughts between Eastern and Western cultures by disggusting international issues and everyday news.
I feel we should treasure Japanes culturs.
I have studied English hard, but I thought that it was regrettably neangless if I couldn't use it.
In Japan, for example, when the total amount is 900 yen, and I receive 1000 yen, I will say that I return to you 100 yen or somothing of the sort.
But, I'm feeling that to increase my English skills, especialy listening is difficult for me.
I forrowed her to see a specific house for rent.
I like leanring Japaness and English, reading and traveling in my free time.
Today I swimmed with Manatees in Crystal river, it was second time I've seen them.
Manatees are considered as an origine of mermaid.
She told me to searcy for ``piano`` and song names on Youtube, and that I could find a lot of clips to teach me how to do it.
This car isn't good for parentsI. I don't know much about cars, so I don't know whether this car is expensive or not.
To tell you the truth, I was totally intererted in the snowboarding events in this year's Olympics.
but recentley I didn't study that much.
A big earhquake occurred yesterday.
When I asked my friend ``Who is Jeles``, she loughed at me.
It really diferent me because I never to make up..
I should be going to wash my dresses for tomorow
Today, I had a practice with my vioiln classmates. (How can I say this??) We played 'Edelweiss' and some other songs.
becuse I think it maybe better to study English there,
Originay it was Chinese food.
And then, recently a new tipe of Ramen appears.
Tsukemen is different from ramen, the soupe and noodles are served separately.
However, learning about this is very reasonable (understandable) if you understand the simillarity between the Vietnam War and the Korean War.
They knew all the military secrets of South Viet.
What this is telling me is that there must be a lof of spies in South Korea as well.
I was an abacus teacher at cram shcool at that time, so I decided to email her. Finally, we have exchanged hobbies successfully.
My sister likes language exchanges and studying more than I do. I like hobby exchanges or taking part in diffetent kinds of activities.
Why are double teeth considerd charming in Japan?
I prefer an (in person) intervew over a written exam, because grammatical mistakes in the interview are gone in a moment, but my written exam paper with many mistakes will exsists until we are all familiar with each other.
Thirdly, they recommend that I should use ``I`` insted of ``we``.
I would like to say ``we acomplished the project`` or ``I acomplished the project as a member of a working team``.
I know that there are many cultural diffrences between Europe and Japan.
And the cultural diffrences have influenced my own way of thinking.
Could you please give me your suggestions franckly, and let me know if the suggestions on the web site are true or not?
If I had a girlfriend, I would travel to a foreign country tihs year...
Everything is so starange.
I thought the river is very polluted, however, frogs still can exeists under those conditions.
I graped the frog and placed it in a box.
This is my first time to write a Lnng-8 diary.
I vistied Nijojo Castle as part of a Kyoto bus tour.
Inseide, the castle is so dim that we could barely see the wall and ceiling pictures.
If we had had sunny weather, we could have ejoyed walking around much more.
Are these sentenses correct?
Please teach me, are these sentenses correct?
Tomorrow is Lovor thanksgiving Day in Japan ^ ^
I think it is very wastful to live all my life here.
It is a greatful opportunity to work in a country which speaks a different language.
Language is wounderful way to have contact with foreign people.
I coundn't get up
However, I cannot proctice pronunciation on a train.
Hi, I'm a new exchage student of Aalto Univ. in Helsinki.
If you find a grammatical falut, just pinch it out please.
I haven't met my friend recentry, so I was happy to see her.
This fucture is kind of horrorific.
There seems to be no moral in the story, but you could find what the promblems in Japan are.
Hello eveyone!!
I worked overtim last weekend
I was very satisfacted.
Mario, Pokemon and Saler Moon:>
The shipping method was DHL premire shipping mail.
At the benning of our trip, I had a very nice time with them but on the last day of our trip, we got into a rollover accident.
Nobody wasn't hurt, but I worried a lot because that car was lented and we were driving it.
The moment I noticed like this, I decided to find a differnt sport.
I recently read a book about traslate and language.
At the beggining we were going to go only to New York and stay there for a month, but my girlfriend's father lives in Miami.
We visited Maimi Beach, with its wonderful white sand and cristalline water,_ and realished wonderful food, because my girlfriend's father is a great cook.
To sum up, I have had a beatiful experience with excellent company and visiting excellent places.
I am suprised, so I decide to go for a swim too.
But the weather was rainning, I give up.
It is quite difficulte.
Though it has some words written like Chinese words but they have different meanings and pronounciation.
I graduated from junier high school in june.
This decision will infuence my future forever, so I must be very careful.
One joke fom my friend
I guess my push ups and situps was bad, and I was very suprise.
I listened her vocie and I missed her.
``I'm afrid I could not afford this in Japan!!!
Now I am an undergradute in
I logged into my acount on Lang-8.
In the near future I want to visit many counrites.
old korea people think that the son is important.
Since I couldn't understand anything, I don't know waht should I do during the class.
She knows that I want to improve my Japanese and my English, so she introude me to this webside.
basketball funs.
Someday I want to taravel around the world.
wroten by Ted Chiang.
I'm interested in the issues about time tralve mentioned in this story.
This site is so amazing that I continu to write diary entries.
I'm wondering if I should keep studying conversiation more, or change subjects.
I have 4 classes, and all subjects are conversiation.
Other students usually covere subjects.
I study English and Chinese at the univercity in Japan.
ayakumaru or machigaeru-to be mistaken
agemaru-to gather
It is possible to arange one more ticket for ``trance energy`` for one of the girls in my house.
I wish that she would come with me becuse we will be doing something together.
I'm so exsiting.
Hello friends, this vedio.
This is the frist time I have tried to upload anything, so it's a bad vedio but just a test.
I stayed at home with my nephew and one of my nephew's use my telephone to record the vedio.
I saw her for the firtst time in six years.
sonebody just corrected my diary, but I don't know how to say thank you.
Algumas vezes eu jugo Dance Dance Revolution.
There are 50 poems with pictures companying them.
I wil try hard.
It's 3 US $ for 2 different movies but the equipment is not as goos as that at the first-run theaters.
Hape I will get good news!
I'm Japanse.
However, my English vocaburary is very limited.
Readint is the best way for me to improve my vocabulary.
I found a potential land parcel in an advertisement, and visted a real estate company.
It is a very beautiful place having a merveous landscape.
At that time, we went from charch to the host family `s house.
We were halfway from charch to their house
I was rearly surprised.
It is the first merverous sky I have seen like that.
I will contact student of various contries.
I think taht it is important for me to concern world education.
Since I want to be an exchange student in Swiden, I must improve my spkoen English.
As a stomach doctor, my little uncle who is also my grandma's son, gave her a series of madicines, and hoped she could survive another five years or more.
I found my favorit song again, but the video features a defferent player..
He has really nifty fingers when playing the gutar.
Tha mi ag ionnsaich feallsanachd.
I am a Urdu speakres, but I want to know how I can speak Farsi.
Some roads don't have a cycleload/ bike lane or a sidewalk.
I need another sence of driving in Japan.
This afternoon, I used a subway to go to the cener of my city.
I wonder if public manners for young girils is chainging
I live in a dorm and I have four roommea.
It takes about 20 minnutues by car.
Therfore, I have to ask someone who has a car to take us to the grocery shop if we need some fresh food, like vegitables, fruits, or meat.
Also, we ate a many kinds of food, for example Yakisoba, Tamasen, banana which coverd with chocolate.. etc.
We enjyoed a school festival.
And we watched Michael jacson's movie ``This is it``.
Actually, I didn't know details about Mickel jackson until he died.
Becouse I mainly liked rock music.
``Mickael is great.
``Mathematics,`` ``Physical Excersices,`` ``Music`` or ``Geography?`` (They all) These are only the titles of subjects, but when you don't know at least one of them, I think it may cause you a good deal of frastlation in a Japanese conversations because you can't understand/ make yourself understood immediately.
There ara a lot of international student, so I want to be friends with them.
When I took the train, I saw a forigners boy.
Because he and I have matual friends who came from Europe.
Accoording to my memory, the bears moved widely but repeatedly visited the same areas.
I usally spend my free time playing games, watching tv sho, go to the movies, and
when I was in Loas, I met 2 foreigners and we became good friends. They knew some Japanese
Many kinds of people had different kinds of roles in the Railload, including preachers, politicians, farmers and storekeepers.
And just 30 minuits.
well, I don't get tooo much, but it's stil good deal:D
If it is possible, I will write my diary entry using at least one new unkown word in every sentence.
The usual rules of time and spase don't function in this House.
There's nothing disgasting or compassionate in the novel.
Usualy I don't reread books, because I'm always in a hurry to read something new.
They were very derisious!!
For xeample......
This grammer is difficult.
It is straight and has a wide sidewalk, I saw some people who were either walking, ranning or walking with their dogs.
Birds were singing and the frowers bloomed with the morning dew.
I've been reading The Wondeful wizeard of Oz.
does that mean that Dorythy finally caught Toto?
Shoking News
We also joined in something similar (Some events were held to encorage the audience in the middle of the show).
because I had stey up late yesterday.
and I had got myself for net surfine.
^ ^ Since then, I sometimes listen to my favorite wastern music from my ipot when I go to school.
Thanks to this mathod, my listening ablity became greatly improved.
Now, I'm still doing it and I wanted to improve my writing ablity through this site, so I'm writing this diary.
After I talked her, I realized she is billiant, talented,
I enjoyed their beaches, and I missed a lot with their lenguage.
I was speaking half in Spanihs, half in Portugese, so I wasn't understood by anybody.
Now I'm back, and have to accomodate my lenguage again.
But, It didn't really occure to me to go abroad.
It explesses the mind of the speakers.
Ocassionally, I am unsure how to say it (correctly?),
It was cilly today
and I'm sleepy now like I was yestarday.
She said to me ``Please give me information about Singapoer if you can get a job there, because I dont want to go back to Japan``.
if you are in Singapoer, give me information about that ``So, I politely and immediately answered her`` I don't have any intentions to give you any useful information about Singapore, go to hell you fat bitch.
I hate people who laugh at others who are trying to achive something difficult ``.
Could you explein it to me, please?
It was delisious!
Fall is comming ~
When you started there was still comunism, even if it was the beginning of the Perestroyka era.
But I'm noto that good at writing.
It was a procession when I went to my favoriate ramen store.
This store is small and many people wating for me to finish my ramen.
Next, it is a very low price and we can take trains all day exept express trains.
I use many of google's aplications and services.
But, he& I will both make ture dreams come true.
Althought it's always funny to play with 'em it's often very tiring and today we played at a playground near my flat all day long even though it was freezing cold!
The legal department is located in Germany, the headquarters in Swizerland.
Last night, I was looking at the TV program-the hundred munite talk about the MINERBA's detention sensation.
Now, the major news is about Mineraba in South Korea.
Although my Enlish course has finished a long time ago, I didn't want to stop learning.
My friends and teachers from Lang-8, would you please give me some explaination?
She's on holidey in France.
1) What's he studing?
I also like Eva, but I watched the whole story 34 years ago and now I've fogotten the details.
I had a great time with my family duaring the year-end and New Year holidays.
We had a delicious japanese traditional cuisine (osechi-ryouri) and went to shrine and tenple.
My conpany started today.
The pasta's sause is ratatouille.
But I can't see my improvements. I was dreaming I could speak English fluntly, but it's still a dream which I can't touch.
I live in Northshore. Northshore is a very quiet palce, especially at night.
I guess in some coutry it is morning or noon now.
``Torchwood`` is a very unique sci-fi drama and contains very adulty things such as swearing, indiscriminate snogging and shagging, and viorence.
and I quickly dicided to fly over to the U.
People who had lost all their money became alkoholics or started thinking about suicide.
I have to practice alots X)
Yesturday, I made a idiom thing that was when I went out, and I forgot that I was
More and more Chinese like to travel around the country or go aboad.
Yes, I'm defnitly happy tonight, I'm going to play tonight (soccer of course), I'm sure you know that in Europe, soccer is the most popular sport
All European people have a passion for soocer, but none like Italian people. For some it is not simply a sport, but a religion, in fact every day and especially every Monday you can find a lot people, in offices, in coffe bars, on buses, everywhere you can find someone talking about their own team's match.
A beatiful actress passed away
This is a nenowened line that she said in an alcoholic beverage commercial on TV.
I'm going to see the movie 'Social netowork' tonight at 10 o 'clock.
My English teacear said the same thing as me.
After the party ended, I went to my cousin's attlier to meet my sister.
I am lerning the English language!!!!
My favorite painring is 'Fat Monarisa'. I painted it by copying Fernando Botero's style.
I went to vitsit my uncle. He is sick and he can't move his body because last year he fell at his house.
he is really nice. sometimes when I have a proble I really like to ask him, because he can help me solve the problem.
I looked at youtube for a long time about the animail and fish and I felt happy to watch it.
thak you very much.
Start Writing dialy in English
It is very nice wheather, so today is a perfect day for me to just be lazy.
It is difficult to write a long sentense in English.
elementary school, middle school, high shcool..
My destination would be Afrika, needless to say.
Now, the mobiel-site is important for E-commerce in Japan.
Describe a person who has a good leadship.
This time the big earthquake had hit mainly the northeastern district and Knato district.
Leraning other language is difficult for me.
So I studies English for three or four hours a day since I started lerning English.
I decided to start keeping this diary in order to improve my English and probably to find new foreing friends.
In my institute I study two foreing languages: English and Chinese.
Will be waiting for your comments, corrections and enything else
Class begins at 8pm with ordinary conversation for a hour, then Bible study for 30 mins.
but he had a chance to live another life and he chose to marrige.
after I saw this movie, I graully took more care for my family.
I like to watch American TV, and my favorite is desperate housewifves.
I have a philipino English teacher named Nephelie.
Even though I ask about English everyday, she just smil and answers my questions.
I'm sicerly thankful for her.
I've been having too much suger recently.
Today, my friend and I will make a newspaper with this article in our English class, so I'm very looking foward to doing it!!
Yesterday, our univeristy held a graduation ceremony. unfortunatelly it rained, though.
They were beutiful.
Instead of competing against each other, they can achieve goals together which will shapen their skills and bring forth beneficial effects on their learning.
Generally, it appears that online learning is a more advanced and fuitful tool for studying.
All of his or her coworkers are busy all day long but they don't konw what they are busy for.
We always spend a lot of time confirming every detail and spending more enery than others to ccommunicate with other coworkers because he always gives us unclear tasks and seldom gives us enough support.
There are four Saudi Arabian, three Korian, one Mexican and three Japanese in their class.
I'm learnnig English by watching House M.
For some reason, I couldn't sleep well last night. So this morning I was ver, ver sleepy.
Tonigh, I want to sleep better.
We talked adout each other.
I've never seen an Amenrican pop-corn maker cook, so it looked so interesting to me.
I wondered if I could understand what they are talking and laughing totaly, it would be more fun.
I'm grateful if you make my English crrect.
Lang-8 is one of my challange to change my daily life.
And just to make you smile I'd like to put some funny children's pictires here.
Thank Godness..
The internet is very usefull, right?!
Of course I had known about him, but the show told me that he was definetely one of the greatest baseball players ever.
Istanbul splited by Bospurs
I joined fido which is a canada cell phone company.
It is very unconvinient and uneasy.
Recentry, I neglected to study.
I am listening to some piano pieces George Winston played, especialy the songs in his album ``Winter into Spring.``
Tset week
It also mede me feel good.
My newl computer
We tald about cases of each country.
I'm warried and quarreled a little, because of sensitive problem.
However I wiil go there someday!
I ues a pen when I write a diary.
I don't know what I want to be in th future.
I added bacon and garic to them.
This time, the drivers wer very cool!
I studied how to anwser CET-6 papers, and found that English is more delicate than I ever knew ~ ^_ ^ ~
I needed a break, so I worte a very short entry and wrote a Chinese prose poem ~
Because I fell asleep at 3: 00 AM since three days ago (but it wasn't wise dicision).
If someone misses a peroid of study, There is no way to wriggle out!
Today, I bouglit some dolls.
However, very few Japanese people have such a long-term experience in the Staters.
The reason why she likes them is that the first Japanese NBA player 'Yuta Tabuse' was on the team and she is also a fan of Amar 'e Stoudmire.
Who was in a good mood? Who was positive, and who beuteful?
Will Suntory defeat Coka Cola or Nestle if this goes on?
Allow Me To Remaind You
Yesterday, I tried making a silver juwel/ jewelry from a silver clay.
At the end of extra time, Japan finally scored a goal with a beutiful shoot and won the game.
I'm a big fan of soccer and I belonged to a succoer club when I was a student from elementary school to high school.
Japan has now become the chanmpion in Asia.
In Japan we usuary get into a bath after filling it halfway with warm water.
Recentry I like going to the spa near my house.
When I took one of my frigner friedn to spa, she blushed because people saw her naked.
There were many foeighers and Japanese people there,
Anyway I got 2 friends, one sweddish and one Japanese.
After I came to Singapore, I have been lonly becase there are no friends in Singapore. Praying everyday was getting hader but I realized the heart of the Lord.
I also live in Nagoya, therfore I `m looking forward to seeing (watching) figure skating.
Nowadays, since Kaiten-Zushi are spreaded all over Japan, we can eat Nigiri-Zushi at a rasonable price.
Today we will have a birthday party for my firiend.
It was in a Traffice jam, a terrible traffice jam.
Our opponents were storong.
I am the younster
Finnaly the rainy season has begun in my city, after the long heat wave! It's so fresh on the street) I'm happy!
He was talktive and he talked to me a lot.
I have a cat, a dog and two gebrils.
They alwyes help me.
thx for reading my stupid jornal, I'm get better right now, thx for the medicine too ^______________ ^
I don't know how I can find freinds, or where I should write my entries to get some corrections.
It's increadably hot today!
She texed me yesterday that there is a test today and aked me the range, but I replied to her that I didn't know about any test.
I tried to buy some alchool at CVS the other day, but they didn't accept my passport as an ID, because they only do that for Americans or Canadians.
I think conservative clothes are always good if you are trying to give a good first impresson.
so please hlep me. Do you have any sugestion so that I can make my dream come true!!??
I thoght the girl in the wedding was the most beautiful in her life.
I hope that she and her husbund will be happy.
Actially, my first aim was to support my friend Kostia when he tried to talk with Arina.
But Karina, the Arina's friend, was even cuter and more beautifull me!
That evening Kostia didn't succeed with his beloved Arina, unfortunatelly he was too shy and confused.
santan and her hair is very messy.
Why has no one corrected my previous jornal?
Usally, I don't know what to write...
This trainin program is a little hard on me physically.
He sometimes DJs for just one houre.
It's only 29800 yen includ tax.
I happend to meet my friend in the center of a city.
Today, I happend to meet one of my friends who was one of my friends when I was in high school.
Throughout your life, haven't you ever thought about why you have been able to meet the same people among your friends or aqueintances over and over again in different places such as in a big city, while you have not been able to meet other friends or aquaintances of yours at all?
Based on their reports, the pool (algae plant) which has 20000 ha and 1 meter depth could supply Japanese anual consumption of oil.
I come from Taipai, and I'm not student.
My habits are playing basketball, using the computer (facebookXD), reading some economial books and comic books, and see every kind of movies.
He is docter who lives in the U.
In two hours they did, but they were not unsatisfily!
I tried to make a short inpromptu speech with thanks for my foreign friends here on Lang-8.
Maybe I'm just feeling lonly.
I, personally, felt that AVATAR's story was okay, but the visuals and 3D tecnology make it worth seeing.
I reccoment (that) you go see it.
I will try to introduce to you the story of AVATAR briefly tommorow.
Oficial Avatar Trailer
female: I wanted to have my hair cut by a female whrn I went to have my hair cut.
principal: The principle reson why Japanese people came to the current continent is because they were cheseing Monmos.
After a long absense, I can wash my clothes.
The big earthquake and tunami in winter destroyed many houses, buildings and cars etc.
Unfortunately, the Hukushima nuclear plant was partially destroyed, too.
I'm happy gril, because there aregood people around me.
Today, I was a cuple of minutes late to school because I got up later than usual.
I should have reviewed the vocaburary before the quiz.
I suffer from a lamguage barrier.
I hope that next time I can speak english fluebtly.
Since my ability of Emglish is improving, I don't dislike it like as much anymore.
What can I do to resovle this daily problem?
(I've) Started to write a dialy in English.
A few days ago, my friend and I went shopping and found that some foreigners were having coffee in Starbudks Coffee.
It was brown (in color).
In this entry, I will tell you about my power point skil.
This is a very famouse movie, so I think everybody already knows the story so I don't need to explain it.
I hardly ever listen to classcal music.
We can go anywere without a car.
Or they might stay at a cheaper capsule hotes.
Can I say I cleand my room inside out?
I provided them with some technical support to help them pass an aduit (like ISO9001 aduit).
I was at the Shanghai railway station on Tuesday morning. Nanjing is not far. I spent two and half a hours on the train, had lanuch in Nanjing, and started my business in afternoon.
After that, I go to bed at around 10: 00 pm, thinking of tommorrow's plan.
If you selece me, you'll never regret it.
Now, I'm living and studing in Germany.
There are four subjects in this semaster.
It is crunchy, yammy! yammy!
I thought it's a fine day to go cycling early in the moning.
GDP is the abbreviation of Gross Domestis Product.
That's the best thing these thesedays. lol
I wonder if I should play truant for the Bookkeeping exam.... no no! no way!! I cant! I have to get a license for bokkeeping.
The factory is in the suburbs and far from the train staion.
Firstly, I found that Tube in London is not so crawded even in the rush hours.
Subways in Tokyo are very very crawded in rush hours.
There are people distributing the newpaper near the station and we can get it.
Unfortunately, I don't have muy own
a lot of colonial places to visit and many foreigns.
My company's main discription is listed below.
2) My company carries out transport of computers and accessary.
It is somewhat ironic; large amoung of money sleep in bank accounts but are pulled out again by criminals.
She told me that she received a call from my husband, but it was quite bizzare. [spelling]
Acutually, I'm a Japanese high school student, so I study English everyday.
At the moment, I was excited because it would be very usefle for me.
I definately want to use this site, and will keep writing.
I look foward to attending an English class every Thursday.
One lady just returnd from her trip to Spain!
I hope that soon I can read English noval directly and speak English fluntly.
Another earthquake just occured the day before yeasterday.
Today, as the first haf year ends, I presented the report to the members.
Then, I was released from this job finaly!
I live in Novosibirsk, if u know this is ituated in Russia.
I'm interested in it, because my english is not so well, as I need = '(I think, this language is very omportant in my future, for my education and especially for my career.
I expect that will be very effctive for our freshmen.
My hometown is very rural, so there are a lot of rice feeld.
I personally think words have power, so I'm carefull of what to say.
But I realized that I'm too carefull of what to say.
My friend said ``Christo got angry with you, and you have to apology to him``
I've been working hard latery in a guesthouse, on the night shift.
However, I've become relaxed and I can smile natulaly,
Remembering this makes me feel like scrmnming, especially at night or when I feel depressed lol.
I ohten feel that women's job is more better than men.
If women and men work together, we can build a bettter company, society and world.
When I was 15 years old, I staied only a week by a home-stay.
I couldn't go to fomous plase.
It's interesting why I disided to go the UK though, since I dislike it here.
I enjoy this life and sometimes I remenber what happened ten years ago.
I realise, that there are maaany ways in which each person could increase his or her level of any language, but as I see it, this one is almost the best.
It was a very secret catacumbas, where there are still.
Please check my dialy and cheer me up!!
I was informed that it was the last day to work at one of my jobs yesteday while I was there.
I will try to keep this daiary, using a lot of words in the future.
But, English is really dificult for me...
It was heavy, even without french fries the double-decker humburger was enough to fill my stomach 'til the evening.
Perhaps people find that it's more healthy to eat natrue food and keep a healty lifestyle than eating processed health food and using health-related products nowadays so that they are not going to buy any health-related products.
Although people in Plainsville have set off a boom in exercise and it factually promoted the bussiness in sports, it's possible that people there are interested in pusue a good figure more than fitness.
And the 'fitness for life' program, which just mentioned the benefits of regular ecercise at an early age, may also lead to the improvement of bussiness in sports.
First of all, if the costs of opening and operating a new store in Plainsville are very high, the ncomes might not exceed the expenditures.
While considering the possibility that the people in Plainsville are loyal to local brands, new store would not be welcomed and accpected by the local people for that reason.
I appreciate your answerings very much.
I have only watched just five stories, but I'm looking forward to waching the next story.
I'll clean my house and do the laudry, then I'm going to watch them.
It is decided by whther one's mother tongue is Japanese or not.
It took two days for me to finish ``Anne of Green Gables``, a marvelous book imbued with natural beauty and gentelly expressed love for life.
So I like to communicate with people;-) I'm a pscifist, open minded, friendly and unique.
I'm a person who loves nature and helth.
But I promise to be more carefull =)
I still remember that in the first English class she responsed to our doubtful eyes that she always dressed casually and looks like a student.
I took a lot of time to write my adiary.
The sun was rising up gehind the Angkor Wat.
The image of the Angkor Wat was refrected on the surfaces of the ponds.
I'm a Japanese studyinf English in Japan.
I am a person who has no religion (I am not a Buddhistic or Christan) so when bad things happen I don't blame anyone.
These three words are all uncountable nouns: fish, damage, and advie.
My daugher is two year's old.
This is the best way to learn a foreigne language.
In Japan, Japanese use dish dishingwash liquid on the dishes and then wash them off with water.
I distincly remember the first night when I came to Australia, and had dinner with Aussie and saw her washing the dishes.
We attended this evnt and opened a small shop for selling some goods.
My friend broke up with her boyfrend, because she doesn `t love him anymore.
If a young person sits in these seats, they will most likely be criticized by someone esle.
There was a bic issue here in Korea about a woman who didn't give up her seat and even shouted at an older person.
Because I am going to go to the Philipine to volunteer in Sep, 2009.
I saw the movie ``King's Speech`` last Sundy.
I started taking so much time to find apporriate words and sometimes never find them.
I'm still aliving.
I'll be really muscler.
I have known that the ditails about what will the film describe as when I have been preparing to become a spectator by sense& sensibility again.
After I practiced, I realized that my pronounciation made me tongue-tied.
wherere's my laggeges (idk sp)....
Yesterday and the day before yesterday, I attended farewell paeties.
Althogh I'm far from them, I always cheer for them from New York!!
It is the costom that we go back our parents 'home for New Years in Japan.
Originally, we wnat to have a free and independent travel, but one of our friends who had never been to Korea suddenly couldn't go with us.
I didn't believe the scenes on TV had happend in Japan in addition to Tohoku that north area of Japan.
I was born in Aomori the northest prefecture in Tohoku.
I think Japan is an earthquake-prone contry.
At that time, electricity had recoveried.
and bounght a pair of sneakers, pants, and a poro shirt.
I thoght I should have eaten it before I go to the office or have writen my name on it.
I saw the movie frist and was very impressed by it!
I have had a hestic time this week,
becouse I had a test in chaisene Do you mean Chinese?
Actually, school prevented me from going to yaga.
Fortuneately, the weaher was also fantastic!
My cell phone was broken accidetly a few days ago.
So now, I'm using payphone after a long time (not exactly, cause when I was in the military I could only use the payphone, but I mean as a civilion).
Hollo 2011
I want to go jurny, again.
We hadn't got any vocabulary material, speech practising, and one of our teachers make major grammatical mistakes, like she said once 'they was' in a past continuouse sentence!!!
It's interesting, because during her lessons, and while prepating for the lessons, I learn words much more easily than in the school.
It tooks half an hour or maybe an hour, and I remember almost all the words, with only one or two exceptions.
I joined this website yestertoday, and found that it is very interesting and people from here are very friendly.
The korean officer in active preparation was, regardless of me, panicked at a boading arrangement.
My company is planning to change the website and I'm in chage of it.
It's been almost 3 mounths since I came to the UK to study.
Do you heve high tolerance for alcohol??
Usually we play table tennis or basketbal.
He doesn't think that he is handicapped and he tries to do everything which he is able to do or new things that he wans to do.
I heard someone said that watching moive is a good way of learning English. I will try this out.
using forein languages
(Upon) Finishing my work at mountain lodge in Hakuba, Nagano pregecture, I've returned to my university.
Besides, in my Russian class, there is an Ametican student who majers in Japanese and Russian in his home country.
That's also disappopinting.
I was very surprised, and turned toword her.
Only (The) one thing I regrret is that I couldn't speak English very well.
We chose one and write a resume, imageing if I apply for the job.
I told him to finish what he had to do because it could have been avoided if he just hadn't been watching TV, but he didn't continue tyding up, so I had to do it instead of him.
Ohayo gazaimasu.
Rrading is my weak point.
I know it `s not good for our helth.
But I want to be an early bird so I'm tring to wake up earlier than usual (although I couldn't make it this morning...)
Usual days are full of hapiness.
I go to Buck County Comunity College to study English.
I think I will just memorize Enlish words and sentences.
I don't konw why, perhaps because I really see you as my good friend
I want many foreing people to use it.
low lighting, silence and lonelyness.
However, I was gald to hear that the Japanese team had won...
I am living in southern carifornia in America.
I will not have decided that untill this weekend because I have a long winter holiday.
Some people enjoyed dancing together with firiends or even other people.
I know that Bob Dylan is famous singer in America, but I can't imazine what that phrase means.
I found that there are many fashionable runnig outfits.
becouse of a whole new model change.
I thought I made it clear that tomorrow couled a day off.
However, I had to do it, because it was one of the activities on a bisiness trip with our customers.
The shop did a campaign that if a person was still hungry after eating one humberger, the shop would give the person one more humberger.
I tried it and got two humbergers.
I had to buy a pickel, climbing iron, and Gore-Tex products.
Maybe you will find that life is so beautiful when you know someting.
By the way, Tsuyoshi Kusanagi will be on terevision.
We ate SOMEN (japanene food).
I'm glat to have met it.
Hi, my nane is ``napoleon-fish``.
It'll so crouded and I should not get separeted from my friend.
So my garden in spring and summer is very fragrant and colorfull every year.
I went to lunch with my English scool friends.
Here it is buffe style.
gettig a job.
But I have a many reasons for learnig english.
Of course, in literature classes we heard so many times ``oh, how great is Russian language!`` (I don't remember who did say these words, but I know that it was one of our writter).
And I know only 5 kanji and a few simple sentenses.
I have a sligt headache.
Now I have a slighht headache.
I saw someone draw many interesting pictures of their grandfather with an iphone App, so I decided to dwaw too.
I drew a cute pink cat the firse time, but I coud n't draw any interesting pictures.
I must either study drawing from the basics, or must stay humor?
I love my sharing feelings and experiences with people who have different thiughts and experiences, so I have thought of joining a club.
I don't know why I hesistate so much.
By the way, I'd like to sing ``start of something new`` (from high school misical)
BTW, do you think this introduction is too simple? Please correct words for me if you think it is neccessary.
You said I was (still) a child in ur heart, you said I have not matured, you said that our relationship should not be broken up.
He is going to try_ out for a team for the firt time.
When we visited the temperate amimal zone we met a few American Africans, who were trying to read the Chinese text on the noticeboard.
Out of all the zones, my favorite is the temperate amimal zone because elephants and giraffes are there.
Penguins like big places for their environment, so the Zoo uses big mirrows as walls to make them feel more comfortable.
About five years ago, the goverment of Japan retooled the system of the law.
Now people who want to become laywer have to graduate from college.
the eaxms are held in November.
welcom to my home!
Hallo, welcom to my Lang-8. com profile. Firstly, I will introduce myself, I am a 21 year old Chinese university syudent.
You can write in English or chineese.
Correcting my words, grammer and so on. Thank you.
Morning doesn't have heigh temperature as in the afternoon.
I intended to go to Tokyo and spend time reading books or studying at my favorite coffeehosue.
24hours after the extraction, now my lower jaw is swellen.
I like jelly, but wanna eat humburgers broadcast on TV!! They looked very delicious!
And then I'll eat humburgers XD
When a man is walking down a street, he sees a man who is aout to jump from the 10th floor.
english is so duiffcul
eighteen years but I have nvere had any confidence using it.
What can I do to srretch my english skill.
restart studing English
Now I'm concentrating on studing Japanese only,
I respect John Paul II, he dould speak 11 languages..
It was exciting and improved my English skils.
Expecially, when I saw Totoro in Toy Story 3 for first time I was very happy and proud of it because Japanese character appeared in such a popular and famouse movie! It is amaizing!
Today, I learned many colloqyitial words as well as bad 4 letter words.
For evemple, 'Take it.' (When I headed and Kinoko item appered)
I 12 years old now, so I'm gonna say good byr to my school and friends.
There are 28 students (exept for those ill) in class, so we did rock-sissor-paper.
After class the last runner of the losing team was scolded by teacher beacause he gave up in the middle.
I hope I can make true frineds here and
There are vegitabeles in my house.
What kind of vegitabeles do you like?
I try to remenber to write it!
It was emballasing because everybody stared at me then.
``Of course I will`` I replied, but he had to go to a diifferent room shortly after that.
Bye bye my lovly family.
I really don't like earthquakes and Tunamai...
Reading and writing is okey (I can use a dictionary when I'm not sure about any word or grammar.) but speaking and listening is so difficult to me.
Every month everybody sould go on vacation.
If people stay at home they could watch (whatch) TV, listen to the radio, go on internet, and be lazy.
I've gone other times in the past, but now, there are new atractions, like the Dark Knight Coaster.
I miss her ver much.
In this situation, her sister ang I decided to change the bibimbap with her.
Yesterday I was planing to go to the skytower with my three friends but onf of my frineds and me had a class so our other friend had to wait for us until after school.
And after school we were supposed to go there but due to bad weather we couldn't help gaving up to go to the skytower.
Then one of my frineds went home.
It was good:) I ate oyako don:) The taste was milar to the one my mom cooks.
Twitter is addicting/ addictiveness!
I understand that Twitter helps (to) conect a lot of peple, but I think that I am spending too much time on it lately...
I want to use this tool to study (and communicate using) foreign langage too.
I usually have lessons on Tursday, but I could not last week.
I woud like to buy and enjoy cakes with my family agein someday.
First of all I have to overload my hands with iron and at the same time I have to deside the problems with my studies, which I was forced to skip for couple of weaks.
I like listnening to music by bands such as 'the Offspring, Weezer, Sum41, Simple Plan etc'
However, my co-morker suggested that I shound go see a doctor again to see if I have H1N1.
My husband brought my nephew, niece and my doughter
At the beginning, I felt nervous and didn't konw how to talk with them.
I have a lot of things I want to talk about with them but I don't konw how to use English to talk about it.
My sister introduced this wepsite to me.
It's my understanding that they are identical, but my Canadia roommate said that they were different.
Don't woory my babies, It's not a rat, It's certainely a cat.
Now Minourou is like our pet, he comes and goes as he likes in our housse to recived hugs. and sleep if he needs it.
He is a very social cat, he loves people, he's a real well known cat in our street, because he stays under the hole near the pavements in order to recived caresses.
Fortunatelly, conditions were good in Fukuoka, and I was able to get good pictures of the sun.
Then the man waves (his hands) to the woman and maybe that diturbs the woman.
Michael Jakson
I think Michael Jakson was a great pop-singer.
I took a lecture last thersday.
I'm not intersted in their job, but I learned some important things from their lecture.
and, finally, I DoDont give up.
I will never forget thier words.
Starting Lang-8 for studing english
I haven't used Kansai diarect in a long time, because my wife hates the Kansai dialect.
It is international language, but I plan to learn france
For my laiziness, I always watched funny films and cartoons only.
I bet you will get a lot of chocolete from your students.
Nowdays, I have have been thinking a lotabout my plan to go toKorea.
Hellow_!
It's defficult for me to find a topic.
I've been playing a game made by another country recenty.
But I've not improved my speaking or writting yet.
In 1192, Yoritomo Minamoto who was a general desinated by the emperor of Japan established the shogunate in Kamakura.
While I was suffing the internet,
I saw one intervew about Dr.
I really want to have a cat but my appartment doesn't allow it.
I planned to go to Okinawa this coming Octorber.
But I had to cancele my trip due to the Swine Flu.
I said, ``I know that because I sometimes read English jounals.
This is his diagnsis.
What is the medicen?
Unfortunatly, there were only four of us from SPARKS there.
Lack of time to studing
I was lerning English compulsary in primary and high school.
A First day of languege school
One day I went to a popular Japanese restaurant to hava lunch.
I thought that ``this was ridicurous``, ``it was normaul she didn't do that``.
To my surprizing, I got an e-mail from her.
According the e-mail, she is alse university student and she studys economics.
We had turky dinner and had a great time.
I don't remenber the conversation in detail, but it's true that I love her, not just like.
Although I lost 300 dollars, it was a great fun and new. expierence.
-helps peole train their characteristics.
The world of games is like a minuature social life, which has good, bad and evil so gamers will know that they should protect good things (or people) and fight bad things (or peole).
For example; I have managed to develop a good habbit during the month.
Many people from different backgroud and places chat with each other there.
Alghough he was small then, he has (now) grown up.
Do you know how to help a workcoholic?
I think my mom is a workcoholic because she works most of the time in a market. She generally gets up very early and stays at the market from 7am to 4pm. There is always something else to do such as shopping and fixing electronics. She goes to different places to get everything fixed.
Do u think she is workcoholic?
Because the major I study in is software engineering, and my favorite part is mobilphone, I set my target on mobile phone and pay all my attention on this field.
The arstis debiuted with his first album ``My World`` which was published in November 2009, November.
It was a night of miricle, because Bieber become famous when his mother uploaded the video with Bieder onto the site youtube.
Until now it's been/ I've found it confortable enough to just sleep, listen to the radio or music whenever I was alone on the bus.
Then I sent a messwage to her.
It sets people's nevous on edge!
Let me relax myslef for the first and only time...
Thanks to you and myslef...
I have camped at Jecheon in Korea with my family for the first tim.
The next morining, when my children woke up, they were surpised.
They were delighted because they could play ball and swim in the velly.
Maybe it's a bit silly, becouse all my life is ahead.
Have some jelous?
What is the diffrent between accident and incident?
Of couse we wouldn't have as much vocabulary as we do now back then.
Have you ever been confused about the use of prepostion?
And best time to be home next to laptop with coffe...
Almost all the costemers need new paper money for '' OTOSHIDAMA '', money gaven to children by their parents and relatives in the new year.
On TV an expert about the human body says that Americans and Europian
I couldn't find a promble.
I was releaved when I was able to talk with them and knew that they were alright.
We satyed for a long time.
About morals and ehics
But I think, convertaion camp was the biggest help.
Don't be coldy and be gentler.
We plaied basketball in Dokkyo university.
I thought taht I need to practice more.
After much consideration, I made a dicision that my favorite food is Coke.
It is brain excacize for me.
I can also teach korea to you.
We shoul be delighted with their creative ideas so that we can get more relaxed on our free time.
Yesterday and today have been fabolous!...
I'm enjoing living in Robe but there is one thing that I'm deeply regretful about.
I heard that we make one team with 4 player (robot operater) and 1 tactical opereter.
Second step, I am looking for the internet webcite that able to write english diary easyly.
I wnat to improve my hair.
Do you konw how?
I wnat to know.
Habits are very imprtant in life.
feel subtantial and get a big harvest.
Lisening to the sound of waves.
Unfortuately THE BEAUTIFUL BAY will not blong to everyone because it was costucted for the hotel.
The beach will blong to the hotel owner.
The beatiful sea will disapper.
Sherk 2
I saw ``sherk 2`` last night.
He was paying attention for the cars but he didnt notice taht bikes. He stepped onto the road and there was a loud sound, the honking horns (from the bikes?)
I was looking forward seeing two star players, Rose in Bulls and Novitzki in Marvericks.
On the other hand, compared to him, Novirzki has not as speedy plays as Rose's, but his fadeaway shots, shoots with body staying behind in the air are UN-stoppable.
Against him, Novitzki also tried to shoot, but his shots were off.
There are several categories. Example: Animals, Healt, Family relationships, etc.
Yesterday middle auterm festerval was held, so all of us went together with to celebrate.
Recently, the bathtub in my house was remodeled and
I am studying Vetnam
I don't like it very much because it tasts child like.
Although I havn't seen any American style shortcakes here in Japan, I guess I prefer American style to Japanese.
I've already known that is really stupid thinking because I'm definitely a stranger in Australia moreover can't speak English fluently as well as I'm surely one of the lazest people in the world.
The view from the school is pretty beautiful, there is moutain behind the buildings and blue ocean facing.
I thought that I would have to write it again because the diary I just wrote disappeard when I clicked ``publish``.
Althought there were some words missing, at least I didn't have to write it all over again.
but the point is, in the related photo, one can see obviously the traces that the photo has been photoshoped, for the three officials are flying in the air.
Then, this caused a new bash of photoshop in the Chinese twitter-------Xinlang Weibo.
This country is boring for me because I know almost everythig about my own country.
I feel dezzy and down.
I need to go to bed earlier than usuall.
Unfortunately, everyone fogive that day. I was unhappy about that.
So, I asked my best friends about my britheday in yestheday.
We'll arive at my house at 7: 00 pm and will go to Naeba in my car.
Finaly, want to have a good traving.
Recently, I skipped writting a diary.
I was very busy recently, so I skipped writting a diary.
I often say ``I beg your parden?``.
At first, I thought the tactic did the trick, but no sooner had I tried to bring it to the window than the spider sarted to hang from the pen with its thread.
Now I'm studying English vocab, but I can't memorize it becouse I'm getting sleepy.
Using preposion is difficult for me.
Becouse I will take an enterning exam for university.
To solve Japan's English test, we should plactice how to solve grammer.
practice and a rewarding desart
Sometimes, I feel pessmistic because of my bad pronunciation.
my teacher's guideness.
I like Carbonara, do you know any other delisious recipe for pasta?
I'm sad when I oreder soba and I get very little of the toppings.
yeaterday, I was free.:)
Therefore, I stuydied English and Korean.
Wiht its popularity, Kokyo-Running is producing a lot of money.
And of cource, they buy their runnning shoes and running gear.
that is one of the reasen I work there.
Althougo we are a very short distance from each other, in reality we are very far apart.
I don't know how to shortten our distance.
Good morning evryone!!!!
I must get to threre by 1 PM and also I got up much earier than before in order not to miss the train.
Genarally speaking, if the man has a date with girls, he would get there before she does.
It was the most embarasment time for me in my life.
Presantaiton on Monday to my CEO
There will be presantation about my job on the next Monday. (22nd June)
I am not good at presantation in English.
But, I'll be a hostfamily for the first time so I don't know anything about it!
How does a gallon compairs to a liter?
Thare are many reasons:
They are teaching/ We are learning the alphabeth right now and the days of the week.
I recomend you to visit it.
My job is to be a clerk in a conveniense store.
So are there any archi students or architects here?
In spite of the great destruction_ caused by_ WW2, lots of historical monuments were restored and are now kept in oder.
last time I cooked, I tried Thailand Curry soup, and today it will be japaniese sushi.
Do you belive them?
I often find my favorite musician's video clip by chance, which can't be found in the ordinary way.--as it is too old, not in sales, or discontinued.
interpersomnal relation
Its really diffeicult to deal with people.
He said he mixed grape jouice, coke, Karupisu, and melon soda.
In fact, I wanted to watch 'Avator', but it had stopped showing in the cinema.
guys, today is Chrismas, merry Chrismas, it's a happy tday today, enjoy it.
The sysem of reward cards is so effective because it ensures repeat customers.
Start writing a dialy
I have beenthinking thatI want to write a dialy.
I remebered that my parents tried to give all of them away, and wouldn't let me keep any of them.
When a frined of my father came to our home to take the remainder,
I belived that if the guest could not find them, I could keep them at last.
My and the others 'cell phones suddunly started ringing loudly to give us the earthquake warnings while we were stretching in the gym.
She explatined to us that the lights on the ceiling were very dangerous, so if you felt a big earthquake, please came out of here and stand next to the entrance.
He's out-going and likes to comunicate with others.
And I'm going to study abroad in Boston in Septamber of this year.
please chack my diary.
Those were lovery memories
He studies at a university in our prifecture.
We enjoyed his message on the cellur phone.
The world hisry test was difficult for me.
Today I watched AVADAR
When can we Earth people become harmone with nature, at on with the animals and plants?
There's a reason why I learn English, and that is because I want to become a great developper. I hope many people outside of Japan learn about anime, manga and Japanese culture.
I don't want him to be just a subsutitute.
She is also a biginner, but she has already had some golf lessons from an instructor.
~ that I can easily tell the differece.
My friend and I are planing to go snowboarding at a nearby mauntain.
I can't speak English, So, I need my firiend's speaking ability.
By varbal communication.
I first listend to Avril when I was a junior high school student.
Although I know it's necessary and heilful for me to get license of the apparatus, but I just can't raise my interest.
but it was very esciting!
We ate lunch then after that we met her hasband and we did some sightseeing in San Francisco.
It was very wounderful.
And we went to eat denner IZAKAYA (Japanese food) in San Jose.
I gald you corrected my sentence dialy before.
But I ate too much! I had potato chips, chocolate, and pokkyX (
Lately I exercise to core rythm.
I'm a big fan of micheal Jackson.
We can view the supurb landscape from the observation area/ deck just like the Tokyo Tower.
Additionally, the invention of the airplane led to the reduction of the amount of CO2 emmitted into the atmosphere.
However, during most of its flying time, it uses the netural wind in the atmosphere and does not require to use its engines to fly.
Therefore, the amount of CO2 emmitted by an airplane is much less than using a car or ship to travel the same distance.
I'm transfer student from Japan so I am a unior and my major is Psychology.
The title is ``Gay regeree``.
I couldn't help laghing when I saw this at first.
It's the first dialy!
I met old friends in Shinjyuku!
I'm very tiard.
Of course parents have to train thier children to be good adults.
Friend's fathere: ``what is your name?``
I was very surprised lol My friend's father was a gentleman like buritish nobles.
I have few chance to communicate with foreign people and my classmates don't want to spend much time learing English.
I am learing English.
Do you have any travel palns?
My company is a large employer and the CEO resinged for health reasons.
Your country has provied technical assistance to developing countries, right?
The Japanese have thought of sakura (cherry blossom) as the flower which symblizes the nation.
But, there was no officiator so it was ineresting
I have a pre-level 2 English Language Proficienty test on Sunday.
That means our item has potential, and we could get captal support.
I need to keep up with studing English!
n I'm always nervous whe I'm trying to speak ini English.
One of important point of presenting is to use simple and short senstence.
Next, I put data such as ``logos`` ``picutre`` and ``links`` all in the same folder.
my homehown BUSAN
Hello everyon! ~ Today I am going to tell you about my hometown, Busan.
Suddenly, I wanted to eat fried chiken!
The beakaly sells fried chiken.
My fauvorite options are clinical psychology, industrial psychology and social psychology.
When it comes to English pronuciation for non-native speakers, the 'El' sound is one of the most difficult consonants.
Is it understanble if I read them without the 'El' sound?
I'm superied that my Japanese entry had been corrected by a netizen last night.
I'm gonna Edinburgh (The capital of Schotland) on thursday with some friends.
Her wedding will take place in nordern Ireland. It is far from here (Dublin),
I was surpurised to know there are a lot of people who want to learn Japanese.
I thought that learning Japanese was difficult for native English speakers but as I read their nornal, I saw that they have seriously been learning Japanese.
Now, I'm attending both Buddism temple and Christian congregation.
The believers are forbidden to smoke, and male atendants must wear neck-tie at every congregation.
We got to learn its doctorin deeply before we become believers.
I hate to tell eather group that I am not interested!
Then, she emaild me for replying.
I've been surffering from a lack of Vitamin B1.
this mornig I met my chinese friend to go to a exhibition.
I have been living in Los Angeles for three month alredy.
But my English is stil poore.
about my luhcn.
So, I baught luch at NATURAL LAWSON.
I had never talked with English spealers before, and I'm terrible at English.
There are many people which are not able to rent any flat in Moscow therefore a campus is th ideal variant for them.
Today, I ate Mister Donut with my friend.
Recently, a new donut was put on sale.
My friend ate ``MOSDO``, which was collaborate Mister Donut and MOS burger.
Something happend on the site
I Contunued
and the educatoin at high school and university.
Today I waited for my girlfriend at the stasion by the university, and we went to McDonald's.
Of course it's cheaper to cook at home using ingreadients from the 'fridge rather than eating out, but I know very well the taste of food I have cooked.
We put our small sotnes on Kanaeisi and prayed about our wish.
and the waiter serves you the ``tapa``-it can be anomelette, saussages, bread with ham, etc.
It was an opportunity to auquaint myself with everyone some more.
I played valleyball, basketball and watching movies.
The docter prescribed some medicine.
In last sumo tornament, he lost easily, so media said that he had to retire because he bacame weak.
But, in this sumo tornament, he won the championship.
People are willing to study English, Reading, Listening and Writting but not speaking.
The first factor is that people shy and have less confidence when compared to foriegners.
hired at frist sight?
I think I was calm when Iintroducing myself.
If there's ``Love at first sight``, is there any interview called ``hired at frist sight``?
I want to wear it and work at there earlly.
This beacause I like to talk topeople.
Therefre, summer vacation is boring forme.
I love him even though he is very noughty and I can feel that he loves me too.
I'm a sociak smoker.
'Are you aveilable now?'
This is my first time to write a diary entry on internet, so I have no idea what to wrire.
and talk very smmothly.
Secondly, I am interested in the NY because it is the ceter of the world for the economics field.
This weenked I stayed at the school.
This is the first time I didn't come home on a weenked.
Nxet week I will prepare for a final exam.
I would appericiate it if you could check my dialy.
Last Fryday, I met one of my university classmates.
So, I wantched my favorite American TV drama (to motivate me)/ (as motivation.)
When the fertilization succeeds, the pumpkins 'babies will brillant.
By the way, human girls in love are brillant, right?
The pumpkins are in love and brillant, too.
So, it was a great previledge for me to be there and I was also very happy to see that the two of them looked like the happiest couple in the world!
Today's seminor just ended.
Every time the seminor finishes, I feel like I should have studied more in depth.
My friend invited me to go to see a football match ``Blazil vs Scotland`` He is from Blazil.
After school, I talked with my friend in a caffe.
I have been waitting for the D-S company's response for a long time, but I haven't received anything yet.
Because it's a big multinational company, I think it would be a great chance for me, although the positon isn't as good as I thought.
I love Indian dishes, especialy Curry.
I heard that in India vegetarian food is very populer.
So I went to India this summer and enjoied it.
When I stay at home instead of staying at scholl, time passes so fast.
But I'll keep wrting to practice my Engilsh.
He also spreaks English.
I was suprized to see how different Okinawan customs and culture are from that of themain land, where I lived before.
One of the main differences is MOAI, which is similar to privatized insurance coverage sistem in other countries, but with some differences.
If one of the members is havingtrouble economicaly, he can receive money through the donations made at the party.
Lets start studing English!!
I am beginer.
---used at a restrant---
I pepared to leave for the station and slipped on my shoes in a hurry.
It was an interesthing and slightly embarrassing day.
The movie was called ``Inception,`` and it was very interesting. I recomend it.
I wil change.
The Englishman who is a member of my gym came to do some tarining.
He tought me some English words today, too.
``Consult a dictionary`` sounds too sirious.
I would talk with him using the words that he tought me today.
Of couse, I went to vote for a mayoral election.
The anser starts with yes or no.
I would like to speak English mooore!
``Hello, my name is Abby, a high schhol student.
By the way, yesterday, I editted a film that my friends and I took.
I especially enjoy making scripts for listners.
At night, my next neighbor always was annoying me because he played games with his freinds which annoyed me, but he disapeared lately.
Anyway, I felt a kind of healing by watching such cute, adorable fishes, birds, and manmals...
My God, I'm going carzy.
My firrst writing
My job is a docter.
most of the ambulance users are patients of mild disease that dosn `t have any need for it.
Japanese society is asing rapidly.
Is your countrie's ambulance system free or not free?
I am thinking that's bad for my body but I cannot stop takeing coffee everyday.
I'm a university student in Japan and want to be major in controll theory.
I put in more effort in indain english literature, so my dissertation is related to this.
There were many Managa pictures that were drawn on small or large papers.
I enjoy working there because I (get to) see many diffrent people every day.
when I got back, I met a breakfast saller. I went ahead and bought breakfast for my friend, but when I gave the money to her, she charged me more money because she thought that I didn't know the price of the breakfast. It was so bad.
When I was a high school student, my team won in the national athletic meeting but I didn't paticipata in that!!
But to join this company, I need to acqirery English.
I want to make you an aquaintance!
today, our customer manager came, he asked me some questions, and then he asked me wheather I've began my foreign trades or not, I answered 'not yet', at the same time I felt so ashamed.
In order to receive a present from my friend, I went to Hibiya sutation.
The present was some uncured hams and cgeese.
Of couese, I also taught him Japanese.
I gave up doing climbing because my hio was still in pain.
I joined the English conversation circle in the moning.
I better work hardey because I need lots of money.
Local people may not think they are intersting but I do.
Sobald ich mich entschied auszugehen, fing es an zu regnen.
Ich bin ein faule Person.
My listening/ speaking lebel is very poor...
I go to middle school as a vvolunteer on Friday mornings. (every Friday morning)
Certanily I know it is important to do so to improve my English.
It may be fun for beginers to talk such as things.
Do you have any ideas and can you recomend something to me.
Wednesday---presen a report of China and Macao
I must go and do somethink for my studies.
So I live my life as usual after tha disaster.
Even though I feel sorry about the cancelation, I will cancel it because the Australian one is a better program concidering more earnest students of English will gather around it than the Davis one.
... in order to know more about the differet between theory and reality.
I used to think that working in a library must be boring, but after a while, I found that every job must have its boring or mundane part. But, every job also must have its meaningfu part, and how much you learn from that job depends on the efforts you put in.
As for those earrings, do tou think they | fit | him properly?
I hope he over come wasely.
Thses days I have been very happy because I made many friends here... lang-8 is really a beautiful website... On this website I've met a lot of native English speakers.... it is so cool...
Where I am the time is 1: 34.. It is very late, but I'm not sleepy.. I just rememberedthat I havn't written a new diary.. so I must do it...
Usually I think dogs can be good friends with human beings... They are loyal and thay can do things that people can't.. Maybe some of you like dogs too..
This is more like Google than the one that was criated originally.
In addition, excess money means a student can enjoy his compus life.
Second, a student working as a part time job has a chanve to expand his relationships.
They can learn a lot of things to be required from a company throught a part time job, for example communication skills, experience in varous jobs in varous office shops to get a better idea of what kind of job they want.
But we cooaparaited and cooked.
I can encourage their protest and criticize the dictator immidiately by writing an encouraging comment.
I'm looling forward to that!
We were very very tired, bacause there were many steps in front of the shirine.
Especiary my wife was so tired, because of the baby in her stomac.
I had learned early on that it is a common convintion to do volunteer service in communities in many western countries.
Further efforts are needed to spred the concept of volunteerism among people.
In many ways, voluntary activities are alawys linked with official factors which can be an obstacle for people to be (come) a volunteer.
For example, we are often motivited to do voluntary service to gain the edge on/ over the academy in school.
But envidences proved that I was wrong since most Singaporeans can speak mandarin.
In our school, it's very common that Singaporaens hang out with Singaporeans, Indonesians stay with Indonesians, Vietnamese play with Vietnamese.
And we are trying to figure out the most efficient motheds to improve our speaking.
SO, good lcuk for us.
Ninjya still exist!?
Then I will call my friends to tell them I have just arriveled in sun city.
I plan to vist the Grand Canyon.
I couldn't stop teaing up when I thought of Jenny's sad life and Oliver's feelings after he lost his dearest wife.
'' The time when you think it's late is perpect time to do it. 'and''The man without motivation is not different from dead body.''
There was one thing I coud not understand, so I went to my school to study it with some books there.
I think that as far as temperture, my country is about 10 degrees C lower than here.
My house is particularally old and too big..
During the lesson, I I becamse calm.
So, I going to my parent's house to join a oister party now!
Am I am getting old fation???
I am very/ feel dreadfull.
During this idel time, I watched T. V.
In my school it is traddition to wear something green.
Tommorow will be an easy day.
It was a very enjoyful time.
Today, I had suffed some sites and I found Torrent.
So I downroaded some dramas about 70GB.
But I hardly speak, hear, and I'm not good at readig and writing.
The unspoken, passionate coherence which unites a large numer of people, is one of the most fatastic parts of going to a concert.
If there was less funitures in the room, it could reduce the time needed to clean the room.
thogh it was quite late night, we discussed lots of things such as religeon, national spirit, as well as ourselves.
be American actors (such as Keanu Reeves et.)
It's my frist time writing in this diary ~ I hope to meet other friends
meet unexpecedtly the author introduced this web page, so I 'm
We walked to Kine Naoto's open air consert tonight.
He is menber of TM NETWORK that are very famous in Japan.
The open air consert is held by volunteers every year.
But the consert may not be held next year.
I hope that the consert is to continue.
My favorit story is ``A Study in Scarlet``.
Moremove, I have other parties and events for Christmas this weekend.
Ten years ago, I wathed the TV with my family when the second airplane crashed into the twin towers.
I never thought that suiside terroric attacks would happned in the US.
The terrorists made airplanes turn into misiles and destroyed not only the world trade center but also other important American facilities.
I think the difficulty of English for most Japanese is pronounsiation.
We Japanese start to study English from Junnior high scohol days (12 years old, but now it got changed to earlier)
translate to Jpanese.
The pronounsiation was ignored!
because actual native speaker can't understand badly pronpunce English like I do...
I read books written about some schoolor's theory and try to understand the rules,
'When you pronounce th, your tangue must be between your theeth or something like that.
Today, I watched the soccer match between Japan and korean.
If I knew how to use foreign emoticons,_ I can describe my emotions clealy.
It made me amaged and excited.
I think its opening movie is the best one in any japanese aninme's.
Today, the professor of the energy trasnsforming engineering class tould us some of his doubts on global warming.
This PIXER movie contains fellowship, enviromental issues, problems and love.
On Saturday, I had a baebecue near the river.
Therefore, astronauts should have the ability to solve difficult qustions/ problems.
Because I have made many friends among the people studying Japaense with me.
I have always thougt study is a tearful thing.
Tommorow it will be fine all day.
My grammar is bad, that's why my artical is very terrible.
My English teacher always want me to write an Eanglish composition, but I am scared about it.
My father took me there, and my boss was wating for me
Okay I'll expalin this.
I like travering arownd the world.
Tokyo is Japan's center of fasion, show business, economics, and politics, but the centr of American politics is Washington DC.
My memorie of a trip.
It is located in Palo Alto, Carifornia.
During the Gulf war, because we were not able to dispatch the SDF to Kwait, we assisted Kwait and the international force with a plenty of money--more than 13 billion dollars.
(After the end of the Gulf war, the newspaper in Kwait listed the countries which had assisted them on its paper, but there was no mention of Japan.)
I'm cunfused.
I met frieds from university days from five years ago.
Our company helds English classes twice a week on Monday and Saturday.
In the Saturday class, there are only 3 or 4 members resisterd.
I'm suprised!
Every day is a pain (Okay, the dictonary translates like that but I wouldn't say it's a pain; too powerful a word. I'd say it's crap.) because I need to find a topic.
Yeap, rebellion! Yeah, typos!
Dear reader, if you have sometime, don't hesitate to read my last text about the Wild West because I had no correction. Boo-hoo. (really weird that onomatopoeia, I don't think about someone cryin when I read that, a barking dog instead)
When I got here, I found the people here are so friendly, ang I believe that my English will make great progresses!
I like seeing street fashoin pics..
So I ofen go on street fashoin webzines and buy fashoin magazines.
It is very intersting how people wear clothsing.
So if you are curious about young Korean fashoin trends, I recomand going to that site..
I think there are people who wear various styles of clothsing on this site.
I wento to London four years ago.
Tatemodern museum there is very good!
In the fomer situation, there is a ``Wow``, and in the latter, ``Olleh!``.
I will contine to write this.
Everyone, please be carefull!
Japanise summer's are very hot and hummied!
Did we copy the European stule?
For all intents and purposes, it's arduous for Taiwan's baseball team to defense against Korea, which recruited many elites from KBO and MLB.
Hi, I am a cathlic.
I always go to cathlic charch on Sundays.
Cathlics's name is Francesco of Assisi.
Thes have a lot of fans who like 2PM's funny shows and unique character.
They have culture-centered projects like graffity, hip-hop dance and movie making all over the world.
Yet, The question is alaways be answered by asking this question:
Then I would have brought more advanced technoque back at the 'same' time.......
is it an endless loof?
Of course, all of this thing I label it with 'I think', because I have no conidence that I could represnt these correctly and exactly.
minna san konnichiwa
kyou, boku wa anatatachi ga boku ni stuite mo shitte hoshii kara, boku no shumi ni stuite hanashite mitai to omoimasu.
Watashi no geinoujin no keiken wa takusan dewa arimasenga kodomo no toki kara hajimeru.
Watashi no gakkou gekijou no kurabu de, 9sai kara, takusan no katsudou wo shimasita. mata stune ni shuyaku dashita.
Today I tald about trains which are the main transportation in Japan.
Some people say ``I don't have a favorite color,`` which I find unbelieveable.
It says that this color gives impresson of cowardance.
It was because she was in danger due to a life-threatening premature delivery and her fatuses needed to be taken care of in the NICU (newborn intensive care unit
So I made the dicision to become a fire fighter (It's very suitable for my character.)
I am waitting to call the fire station.
They are very beatiful. Ive never been able to part with those cards.
Use Google to find some Linux distibutives compiled for non-geek users.
The visa system is discriminatoin on the national level!
If cases when you don't need a visa are an exeption, however, you will understand my feelings.
The two reading tast were worse and worse.
Theortically, it is the easiest task but I got just 2 points out of 10.
I'm wer sad.
I think thet Tatsuya is lovely!
Mainly I want to go shopping, view the very high skycrapers and go sightseeing.
This year, I aim to get a TOEIC socore of 800 points.
My favorit musicians are OASIS, The Beatles, Ashlee Simpson,
I can send my money to China by an illegal method--we call it the ``black macket``, but you know it's illegal and it will cost me too much.
So masterfull.
I am a temporaly worker now.
The exam was about general knowledges writing.
Ofcorse, I shouted ``No way!`` haha:D
From there, I write sentense to describe my ideas.
I used to make rides by using vegetables which are looked like a horse for my grandmother to ride when she comes here and goes back to heven.
My lunch was pickled cowpea with some meat and tomoto egg soup today.
But I did not go to the gallary because I was lazy.
I decieded to go there, but now I don't really want to go.
Firt time I got interested in it was when I studyed at school and joined an english study group.
Then, a few years later, I went to Germany through international exchange, there I had to communicate in english cause my german was even worse than my english, and my language barriere was broken there)
Prepositions and phrasal verbs-that's what is driving me crasy now%)
since Edison's great invension (mmm, is this true?).
the situatuion where you don't sleep all night long
In Japan, fake erotic crimes have been growing into public problems and many accused victem end up getting arrested.
I don't know why parents treat teenagers ike children.
Gambling is frightening and dangerous, the goverment is trying to dael wiht it, but not successfully..
* Plener-painting of countryside or of tne streets.
The scentifc name is Bellis serenis (Perennis?)
I heard Google, the giant intenert company, will relase a brand TV service called ``google TV``
The idea is very simple; it's just putting internet funciton on TV.
Google TV seems to offer us a user-friendly interface and enables us to enjyo internet videos on TV.
But I think the Youtube viedo are not high quality videos, so it's hard to adapt them to HD TVs.
My son appearanced in 3 games.
At fairst, he ran the 15MR race. He got off to a bad start.
Then I realized that I should use new vocabraly when I learn it.
I hope it will help me to acquire new vocabraly easily.
I deplate so much of my energy when I read English articles because of difficulty.
I used new vocabrary of ``deplate``, precipitous ``,`` retiring ``as well.
Neverthless, I like to study English.
They are very worried about thier future.
I wrote some English sentensces.
He tought English to us by using the book.
In this class, it was impressive for me that Simon& Garfunkel's ``I am a rock`` was tought.
and when I'm active, it's very painfull.
after about 2 weeks exceise, I feel great.
Recentry, I've been thinking about how I used to live in Japan.
Next, we shot the soccer-ball, and touched the boundry markers with the ball.
My father is a piblic servant.
He supervisee civil construction.
He is familier with cars.
My name is Roger, I graduated from the Maritime colloge.
togeter.
It feels like whenever she wants sothing-even a big item-she just buys it without shopping around to compare prices beforehand.
I have been thinking wheather to buy ipod-touch or ipod-classic since yesterday.
Even so, Those gadgets looks convinient and usufull.
The distanse was about more than 50km!
If you want to join this activity, you need to buy your bycycle.
But general bycycle are no use.
You have to buy a sophisticated bycycle which can goin all places, like high steeps.
My bycycle cost me 62000 yen.
becouse I'm here.
Once a foreigner talked to me in English, and I could understand him, but I coundn't express myself.
Because of the earthquake in this year. But many people do not go abrode.
And I liked the desseart called Kazandibi.
He told me ``Your mother is frastrated right now.
Japanese cooking uses soy sause and sweet rice wine.
I maked on a program in the afternoon.
I made an appoinment with a person in charge yesterday.
etc. are also in existance.
Belive in Jesus is cool.
I belive in my God
We can share our secrets tigether
he had thrown it away and wenr home.* I guess*
I feel uneasy about my fuetur, because an important exam is coming near.
How should I try to wark hard?
Do te benefits of genetically modified crops outweigh the danger?
After jod
Then we can each talk about our jobs, ideas or anything alse freely.
Baba is like a prist.
I could see the fast rever from one of my windows and the mountains from the other window.
This is the first time to write in my dialy!
She spoke English so fast that I couldn't undesrstand.
It is very cold at the office because of the air airconditioner.
(by the way, Do you knouw about ``UFO cathcer``?
It has no nicotin or tar but it glows red on the edge and puts out smoke.
I went to scool yesterday,
It is much easier to catch a precise meaning when we study using a introduction wrtitten in English not Korean.
I have a medical test tommorow.
but here was my weeked: I did not study hard.
I was searching for an intership job recently and I got one yesterday.
Finally, I work as a imformation collector.
May told Guy that she won't come to work tomrrow.
Oh, what should I do? Should I continue? The work is boring and repeatful.
Today's fireworks are so eraborate, and we are very impressed by them.
We wanted to speack to them, but we couldn't because we couldn't speak English well!
I have not written dialy for Lang-8.
I have been thinking of writting an entry durring these two weeks.
I'd like to continue this dialy.
I bought clothes yesturday.
I am wearing it in my room receutly.
Am I sick? Why do I have two conflicting thoughts in the day and night as if my brain seperates into two pieces?
Momentarily, I wish I would not consider the comlicate love without end. I just want to come back to NanNing as soon as possible; I just want to date Evan; I just want to go shopping in the Intenational Trade Center; and I just want to do my own bussiness.
Love is not just magic but it is something you ahve to keep.
We haven't met for a yaer, so I was very pleased.
And I thought that they are tring with much effort to improve their English skill.
The contents were about how administarate the seminor in this term.
I went to tranditional martket with my wife today. We bought vegetables, squid and apples.
First of all, most of them married among the attendents to keep their community.
So many Peranakan Chiese learned English.
Many Europeans hired them as translaters.
Hahaha, I just watched the first episod of ``Primeval``.
A few days ago, my oldest son had a sye, today my second son got an infection of the middle ear.
Fortunately the ear clinic opend, I took him to the clinic.
After entering university, I rarely read English stuff, except for thoes news about my beloved singer.
I am studying Engrish for the TOEIC test on January 11th.
I work at a clothing store in large shopping mall, which is tunning 20 years old at the end of this month.
Despire that, I was not able to keep myself from getting bored.
I am a Chinese girl living and studing in Beijing.
I have trobled in English.
I want native speakers and people who are lerning foreign languages to teach me.
I often hear that English is the most important language of all to learn in order to succed in the world.
I am wery sad,
I reccomend this Manga to everyone.
I'm looking fowerd to seeing them.
I'm a Chinese girl who is learnig English and Japanese.
I'm so happy to join to this site and I'm so interesting to rcognizeing to another peapole from all the world and finaly Ifound groub who interesting with reading books I like reading so much speacialy novels and stories thank you and I want to be a friend
Last year, I went to Anchor Watt, which is one of the most famouse ruins
is a city near Anchor Watt, and went to the ruins by bycicle.
I loodked aroud not only well-known spots such as Anchor Watt and Anchor Tom but also little-known historical sites, stopped by villeges and experienced some adventures like encountering cows in the jungle.
I stayed in a city near the histrical site and went to the central market there before going to Machupicu.
We immediately became friends and I promised that I would give her a sevenior, a book about the Inca Emperor, after I came back from Machupichu.
Acctually, I ended up not being able to meet her again because she was in school at the time I visited her, so I left my souvenir with her mother.
Does it exsist in other countries?
The other day, I was watching a variey show on TV and an Australian comedian said this proverb.
I expect it doesn't exsist.
My company has high torelance for diversities.
The fare I paied for the cab is half as much as the fare I paid for train.
And if we do it. He will give us happenese, and Heaven after death
The last prohet who sent was Mohmmad.
But I rarely use this machine, bacause I have a lot of gadgets.
In evening, we went to the eel bowl restrant near my house.
We arrived at the restrant am at 5: 30.
The restrant opened at 5: 00.
We were suprised that there was a long line in front of the restrant.
Just 30 miuntes after the restrant opened.
I have to check whether the wired funds were recieved into my account.
I hesited as to whether to buy or not to buy it for a long time, and I decided not to.
Lettle by little English is spreading through my mind, and the more I express myself in English the easier I can listen to it.
I hope I'll be helpfull:-)
I just regestered on this site to learn English and to communicate with people from other countries in English.
But first, I haxe to pass the oral examination on May 14.
but this is a deffirent country.
By the way I `ve been to Singapor, Guam, Korea and China.
I felt very good about my Chinese pronounciation.
And I also realized what a small warld I've been living in and I want to explore the bigger world that is out there.
Which Divices Do You Recommend for Reading Electoric Books? iPad or Kinddle?
We cooked bread, tofu, and Zoni which is a soi sauce based soup in a baked rice cake.
However, we were all simling and it gave us a happy feeling.
but other options are not perfect. (My goal is to study Medicine, which is why I need to get my enlish upgraded to a certain level...
America has decided to send more humanitarian aid to Pakistan to put a dent in the ati-America sentiment.
Not after long, I got a chance to go to Cambodia for 10 days as a mission trirp.
And I felt shamful about my very comfortable life.
So I want to study engllish to get a job in this field and help many people in the world.
The new term is the time for me to make a new resolusion to stop playing online games.
So far, I am pleased that I have resisted the temeptation of the game for a week.
To be honest, I am not sure whether or not I will stick my resolusion for a long time.
None the less, I'm taking French lessons, I am thinkng about the party after class.
K who is the organiser of today's hparty asked me, whether I will come to the party or not.
He and my clasmate said something, but I couldn't understand.
In France, women kiss my cheek. I was very embarrased.
So if you hope to work at a large company, I think you have to have exellent abilities.
A: It is a different mindset, going on stage with th band, as opposed to goig to a studio....
They will speak fuluent Japanese in future.
s: The food in Australia is not to my taste at all: <It's so oilly..
there are lots of Chinese or Japanese restraunt except there are no Korean restraunt.
Just now I saw the news of Pina Bausch's death while browsing the webpages.
Some kind of beauty, understanding, and imense love, has gone.
This is my first time writing somthing here.
The Examinner asked me something (I forgot lol).
I answerd, ``there are many costs to make a mascots.``
These casted had been created to collect taxes from the ships that passed through.
We were on the couse best suited for sightseeing because there were lots of these ancient castles.
The reasion for which they were created is terrible.
Wakeboarding is not a popular suport in Japan but it is a very fantacitical? suport.
Anyway, The performance wae interesting; I had dinner with my friends, and we
At the company my trainer called me and blam me about the car details. I must check before giving detile to her. You know, when she is training me she never teaches me a lof about my job, since the first 2 days. She would like me to be perpect at the job. I don't have experience so I don't know how I can be very good. I would like a long time to become perpect but she doesn't understand about that.
I would like to be able to speak and writting English very well and then I can find another job ang leave the company. I don't like the people, I cannot accept insincerity.
I would like like to puch her befor I leave, too.
I'm jocking.
I just realized my journal entries are becoome to 443 stories already.
But I think I need to learn English from a profetinal English teacher.
Finaly, she said ``I'm looking foward to seeing you.``
This is my first dirly in English.
Making imitations is very bad but in cases where they can make lots of people happy, I tnink copy products are okay.
Is her disapearance really not sad?
I then tried to examin this thesis.
Then I tought: Do I really play a role in my family?
She laughed and said: I left you some spaguetti bolognaise in the kitchen. I know your stomach by heart!
And as I dug into my spaguetti, I tought about something else.
It says the existing education system is for traning professors, researchs and laywers.
Most people enter graguate school becuase they enjoy synthesizing and analysising information.
They like to read, write and debate over acdemic issues.
People in TWN persuit a master degree in order to find a decent job, including me.
I really regreat my decision to go back to school, but there's no going back.
I hope to finish my essay as soon as possible and devote myself to my areer again.
But these honey was really one drug for children in my childfood.
Most supermarkts and shops are closed all day.
In addition, I want to speake to people all around the world and to work in America.
So, I need dictionary. I want a degital dictionary very much!
Personaly, I think their view only partially true.
We can't use a lot of electricity after the eathquake caused a fire in the nuclear plant.
Since it was late and it was rainy, I decied that I won't read English today.
To some extent, I am, but today my throat is still hoase, so I chose to give up.
After breakfirst, I spent some time studying grammar as well as some reading practice and dictation exercise.
It's overweight for my heght.
It was a trap. Have you ever seen a Coralla broken down?
Of cource, it's good for our health.
I eat it evry morning with soybean flour and green tea powder.
Yes, WONG, I think.
I was tired, but it was very intersting.
Please be really extrict with my written expressions, not only with the faults I commit, but also tell me how would you say anything if it sounds weird.
I have to transfer gallons to liters, miles to killometers, and dollars to yen and then make the calculation.
This is a Japanese popirar song.
It's Usuarlly performed solo.
This is othea arrangemennt.
But I didn't spoild it.
I lke to think a lot about Miyazaki's animation. It gives me peace in my heart and relaxes me a lot, though maybe some Japanese think that it is a little old-fashioned.
I like to communicate with people all around the world and share the culture and life of different places. absolutly, these results are not enought for me.
My vocaburary is over 18000!?
I forgot where I heard about it, but acording to some site, an average collage graduate native knows more than 50000 words.
We were going to join a Glass Boat Tour, but we couldn't do that because of the tyhoon.
Hayao powa!
I love these movies because they are full of suspense, feeling and andbeatiful music!
I have Ponyo's and Mononoke's music and I listen to it every mornig before class.
I splinkled a little salt and pepper on the fish, and poured some white wine.
The docter said ``she has the flu, too.``.
All employees attendted this party.
It's a very important party becasuse it expresses each person's thanks to their co-workers.
Then I noticed the cups and glasses displayed in the bar had some very beatiful and artistic flower paintings, such as orchid, jasmine, lily, rose, etc.
Plus, the mashed phoato were topped with brown gravy and it was delicious, very soft and smooth.
So, I am learning to play bass gutiar.
at the biggining of next month.
I fulfilled it succesfully.
I am too busy these days, so I have had no time to practice my English writting.
Since then, I can concentrate on reading the book and understand what the auther says clearly.
I tried to make my friends, family, and mynself.
Swimming lession.
She goes to UNO while rasing her doughter who is just 2 years old.
I really wanted to see her doughter.
Her doughter was soooo cute!!
Furthernore, she has so much energy!
She ran around the room, kitchne and the ailes all the time except during the dinner.
hahah, I am sorry to leave for a long time becaus of my college's military training.
tonlesap lake rock 'n' roll show!!
Finally the day is coming, Tonlesap Lake Rock 'n' Roll Show!!
I wonderd if the boat will go under...
We already know the way to study langugages.
I know that listeng to English conversation and speaking in English a lot are good ways, but I think memorizing is the best way.
I think I wouldn't be able towrite diaries in English, speak in English, and listen to what foreigners say without memorizing English words and sentenses.
I felt like I was in a sardin can.
An au-pair lives with the host family and takes care of thier children and does a little housekeeping.
but it's a very famours program.
I'm seriously concider the au-pair program these days.
In Janan, students usually have to wear a uniform from elementary
high school studends to wear uniforms.
The Japanese education system puts enphasis on reading and grammar.
He made a lot of friends who like to drink alcohole.
I rarelly drink alcohole but I thought it was good
I am going to excerise near my house.
They said, ``you can have a second inteview and take a second written test.``
I have to review excell and word, and Japanese.
I cannot study and work at the same time because English fluence is required.
English quizu
Which do you want to learn, English or Sience?
After three mouthes, you will have a skinny and healthy body.
I will eat a lunch with senior co-workrs who, I respect.
A few days ago, I tackled the repairment of my mountain bike.
So I decided to overhaul it by myselt.
I like japanese culture and its atmospher, last year I spent 3 weeks studying the language to see if I liked it or not.
I liked it because of the way it sounded to my non japanese ears, I liked it as I learned hiragana and katakana but as soon as kanji began to show his scary face:D to me, I got disappointed and gave up, can anyone tell me why japanese people don't use only hiragan and katakana to make their language easier?
If not, I'll strongly recomment you to read because it's very effective to improve.
Second, you can increase your vocaburaly much, much faster than comapared to when you just write what you want.
There isn't any comment for my previous dialy.
Please feel free to write a comment to my dialy.
For instance, plants utilyze the light of the sun to conduct photosynthesis through thier chlorophills.
The solar panels absorb the solar energy and generate some electoricities without
sustenable and possiblly has the potential to enable us to coexist with any other creatures paticularlly those on the verge of extinction.
This may be belavoring the obvious, but the sun is the source of our energy.
First, I must hand in the application for seminor by 1 p. m.
We just decidet to meet.
Luckly, it didn't rain although it was cloudy.
It tasted great but it was also expebsive.
Though English is difficult because it is so different from Korean, but it is intersting.
It's realy wonderful ~ I played basketball with my classmates in the afternoon.
I have never heard Jpanese in the English song.
but I don't know the veffierence.
Yesterday, my daughter took part in a Cheer Cheerleading Competition which is also an annual festival where the cheer leading team my daughter belongs to participates every year.
The competition was held at the studium called Kita Yell.
The studium was so big that my daughter got a little nervous.
It's said that a famous TV series producer has been producting several series which are all copied from classics.
Im just riting this to myself, since there will be lots of people waiting to be corrected.
I'm mix (I'm not sure if you guys say mix or mixed but I'll just wair until someone tells me:p)
Does it make sence?)
In this case, what does ``lovery`` mean?
And, more sadly, now his wife and my aunt, have been diagonosed with lung cancer too.
In conclusion, I will try to know about my own country in order to knou about many countries all over the world.
However, I want to enjoy this wonderful oppotunity.
This movie's title is slamdog $ millionaire.
it was not a bit of problem to me because I was full of expectation and pleasure that I was going to see the exhibtion at last!
It was a very surprising and amazing artwork that expressed negative social trouble using fancy and unique color.
Whreas restaurant-delivered meals are convenient because we don't need to cook.
I can see many picturesfrom restaurants facebook.
In conclusion, home-made meals are nutirisious and inexpensive, so I agreethat home-made meals are thebest.
We need to cook almost every day, but occasinal restaurant-meals are enjoyable.
I went to Breeze-Breeze which had a grand opend today.
But luckly, she looks fine and feels just a little bit of pain.
And I am a bit familiar with reading english using technicalterm terms, but not of daily life so much, or politics, and so on.
This afternoon, I had an oral English cource.
He is a very good teacher and I love him and his cource very much.
He said that it was not a problem and he hoped I would come back to take part in the class. I thoought he was very friendly and generous.
I like coldplay's yellow, I wanted to sing that song tonight and recored it, but I couldn't sing the words clearly and fluently. I recall that when I was in junior high school my English teacher taught me a song named ``yesterday once more``, and I can still remember some words so I recored it and uploaded it to my voice blog.
I would like to ponder about the case and to hear your opinion (if only my friends didn't lose hope to read smth from me, sorry for my long break).
But they live 5000km away from each other and don't get the oppotunity to pay visits each other often.
YAMATO does vorcal.
My body is likey to be influenced by weather.
But why at that perticular point in time, prediction was important, is because it is closely related to my argumentation.
I am disapointed in my English
You said you can pick me up at the airort.
Who will get to be the chanpion in Germmany GP.
About a month ago, it was announced that Doragon Quest 9 (DQ9)'s release would be postphoned.
The next series is supposed to be reliesed by NINTENDO DS.
I was fully prepared to buy it only for the perpose of playing DQ9.
I felt very sad because SQURE ENIX announced it.
NINTENDO DS is the hardware which is worth completely nothing because DQ9 isn't reliesed yet.
But that annoucement is unacceptable.
There are many rumar about that on the net.
I read many articals and thought about it.
It's the device by which we can play games without buying softs.
In the previous series, SQURE ENIX set up a provision agaist Majicon.
In the start of the game, the ship where the main charactar get's on didn't arrive at the harbor even if the player waited for a long time.
The company produced the game lik that in case that player uses Majicon.
But I heard that the provision/ trap was broken in 6 hours after DQ was reliesed and was published on net.
I think that SQURE ENIX is preparing for a complicated provision next time.
In general, high school does not have a professional career conducter in each schools.
However thachers also have their own work for everyday tuituins (?), and it seems to give them limitation on working for their students who have difficulty thinking on their future career.
Therefore, it is recommenden for teachers to share the work load with professional career conducuers, and teachers will be able to reduce their amount of work.
What do you think, are they alive or just an imarginary animal?
If god, ghost and creater from outer space are in existance, it's only natural that a Vampire also live somewhere.
Does it sound wierd?
I understand that I can use 20000 yen for Shinkansen bullet train tickes, horse riding lessons and Cyndi Lauper's concert tickets!
At times, we even establish an interesting rapport trascending the relationship between teacher and students.
So, I want to learn English hard, and talk English on skipe.
The year before lastyear, when I visited France, he was kind to us.
He staied at our house for three months then.
His Japanese has implove very much now.
It is colled ``Setsubun``, and is done the day before the coming of spring.
colsed friends are like our own mirrors
He also has some mental problems which he seldome faces himself.
That's why, even in praivate, he has never had a relationship with a girl-even though he is fairly handsom.
He can't do anything without communicating with collegues.
O, my senior, is 27 years old, a vergine, and hasn't had a job for 2 years.
He is now studyig sociology to get a certification.
He tends to flawn on his enviroment.
Before I had respected him as if I were his real younger brothre.
I hope it isn't diseaseand and, if it is, it will be well soon.
It's very convinient.
However, It is difficult for me to understand Russian grammer.
By the way, I can't understand English grammer too.
But, I want to improve my English skil.
Should I write down my thoughts and feelings, using words and grammer as simple as I can?
Or, should I use unfamilier and difficult woreds and grammer? Many Japanese are unable to understand grammer like the present perfect tense?
when I stayed in the philipines,
althouh, around here, most of my friends like aocole
At one time I Thouht that people who exhaust their lives were succesful.
I feel satispaction working.
Now is the time when I have to be enthosiastic
All these verbs and fraseology.
If I'm consistant, I'll not slip so often.
The reason why is when I noticed my mistake I thought the boss was absolutely angree with me.
It is because my boss sometimes is angry about little things to my co-worker and the othere reason is from my old mind of childfood.
And I became prpotect over myself.
Avobe all, I can take care myself.
I am going to try to improive again as an adult.
One of my favorite fruite is '' BANANA ''.
I know this sentense is damn wrong but I think you can get an idea from it
How should I correct that sentense?
I promised myselt to not just party when I got back.
You know, customer service will be a big business in the furture.
Beacuse, they thenselves are the baddest of bad, thieves.
Untill his father was dead and his mother's health was becoming worse, his mother started imploring him to work.
After his mothe died, he started to work, however; he always complained that the work environment was too hot and work was too hard.
Finally, he couldn't prevent DATH to snatch away his life.
Taday, my best friend Doll gave this website to me. she knows I need help to improve my english for my job.
After signing up for Lang-8, I have found it is a very usefull website. There's so many people who want to study foreign languages.
We always send cars or give gife to my friend!
Recently I've been busy writing speech contest sentenses.
so Exhauted..
In Korea, there are so many beggers in the streets.
When I was a colledge student, I met a Turkish guy.
So, I will keep a short dairy here as freqent as possible.
There is no sick leaveina at a normal company in Japan.
My house isn't far from the University of Washington, and I've always wanted to watch a live game of basketball (``If I have the oppotunity`` doesn't work here.)
I have been suprising at the popularity of university sports since I came here.
In Japane, most university sports aren't as famous as in America.
I'll try to watch thier game live someday.
If you go see games in a sport studium, can you recommend me a sport to watch?
I really need to improve my English skills including listening, reading and writting.
I gess no one read my journal yet
So, in the end, I didn't buy them.:p I hope I can find my favorite chothes again somewhere.
Afer having gone through all these busy and boring days, I totally have no idea about what I can say!
4th Mar 2010 Thuesday.
Many tayphoon approach Japan every summer.
I `m looking fowerd to going to Taiwan next month.
In the summer I have been taking an English course at the Direct English institue, I am in the 3rd level class there.
I have many hopets such as reading novels.
Also I use fotoshope to desine pictures.
Today I have had a good day but I got up late. Anyway, just before my class friend asked me about my weight. It was embarssed for me because I'm a Korean girl and some young girls don't like to be asked about that. If a girl asks me I might be ok so I hope that my classmate friend never asks me.
He went to seinor field of the game, through been killed a million times for learning how to survive.
capture the highend user first, the total opposit in India.
localization in areas/ countries where most Japanse company failed even though they have high-tech.
So, I picked two guides titled ``Canada`` and ``Germanry``.
this is the chinese traditional festival, maybe other familise are happy and excited, but mine are not,
He recorded himself speaking in fluent Japanease.
And today was no exeption,
fundamental: I need to study the fudamentals of Japanese history.
indespensable: He is an indespensable force for our company.
splendid: Casa Roma is a splensis castle built in Tronto.
cultural: We can treat each other well even if we have culrtural differences.
To make your date more intersting, you should add a surprise.
It `s been over half a year, but I still have many problems both speaking and understanding English... My working visa will expire at the end of February. The time I have left doesnn't seem like enough for me to improve to the point of satisfaction.
Lately, I feel more and more tense, and frastrated. I know the best way to learn is to enjoy what you do, however I am not the sort of person who is able to make everything enjoyable. I probably need to prioritise that over learning the language... hmm.....
When my friends called, I tried to only have a short converstation.
If I were to keep learnig English, I could speak English well.
After all, our meetig was delayed for a few minutes..., I'm sorry.
but the problem is that these lifestyle's change makes people overweight easily. Also, people don't want to excercise.
But I always tihinking my English level is so low...
The more entrertaining, the more gaming technology is developed, but it increases danger to mix up what is real and what is not.
alright guys, forgive my crap jokes, good nite, I will do my best.
Choicing a PC
Since I was in a hurry, I thougt I would pick them up and throw them away later but forgot about it.
It is unlikely that someone would take only the chotsticks out of the plastic bag to use them.
I think both the goverment and all universities must get prepared for its future impact.
When I first listned to it, I didn't know what he said.
I felt especially sad when I wacthed that last scene.
because I will graduat.
I got to know a Nepalese person, who is the owner of a Nepal restrant in Japan.
He told me that his restrant provides very delicious Nepal food.
= to move from side to side in an insteady way
Thinking about this, I was spritless and fell in a deep mire.
A dog was resucued when it was on a roof of a destroyed house that was drifting 1. 8 kilometers offshore.
One of my friends recieved disquilification letter from the company he applied to work for.
However, unfortunatly we don't have any vacancies in that department you applied.
Cadidates are also our customer?
There is a lot of damage becasuse of the typhoons this year.
When I was a high school student, House of Wax was broudcasted on TV at night.
I wached this movie to the end.
Every Wednesday, I have an English conversation lesson where we watch a movie in English, write notes about the story and then present a report at my unversity.
It's my second year in the university, and despite not being able to inadaptation to campus life, I have been getting used to various things.
It is something round, hung with a string for example in the middle of a room, and the palyers have to break it with a stick: what is inside (of the ``pentolaccia``, for example flour or sweets), will fall down.
She told me to buy a balloon, the powdered paste used for wallpaper, a lot of newsprints, some giftwrap and a string.
My school held a festival yeaterday.
In my new life style, I have a lot of change conpare to before.
Especialy now, I am beginning to spend all day at university during the week.
I have also/ never? watched such interesting Amrican dramas, for example, 24, prison break, lost, X-file...
If anyone likes these Americandrama dramas, let's talk about them!
From now on I will try to reduce the choice,_ concentrate more on what I decied.
I wonder if the menber of that kind of association are get in easier than others.
Harry Portter
I read books ``Harry Portter``
It was 2001 that the movie titled Harry Portter appeared first
In thoes days, movie ``Harry Portter`` was a objeck of attention
and I bought books ``Harry Portter``, Watching the movie.
On the otherhand, almost all cars exhaust caron dioxide.
I don't want to have a fatal accident or even a traffic accident, secondly I woud like to make the air clearn for the next generation
In class, we were given the follwoing question:
So could you pease tell me your reasons for studying Japanese..
Although their songs mixes Japanese, the vocal who is a native Engilsh speaker sings with an English accent, so even native speakers of Japanese, and of course me too-can't tell which is Japanese and which is English.
Are sure you checked the emal I sent to you.
I usually read a lot of metarials when I have spare time.
I think reading is very benefital for me.
But my parents started to complain about the caligraphy and ordered me to put not only the next year's Chinese zodiac character but also something for good luck.
I want to feel a defferent culture by mingling with the local people.
How to contect me. ^ ^
I want to speak English more naturary.
There are too many self-develope or self-motivation or self-help books in Korea.
I'm wonderring if these books are really helpful in one's life?
The beautiful woman translated it from Ukrainien to English.
I rided on it without thinking.
I found many fountains and also many people refleshing with it.
Although I was always moving with my heavy backpac, I didn't feel tired.
Korean pop has won a considable following in Japan.
Similary Korean drama has been a great hit.
Why they have won this popurality?
Their dances and songs are interseting and memorable.
I hope we can have classses on MSN or Skype regularly at a fixd time.
I'm majoring in computer secience.
nowdays I'm leraning English.
I have exprience in preparing for Korean language ability exam.
so I can help you effiectly.
and send a messege to me
Bradley has changed through talking to a good councelor.
Sometimes I tink I wanna go back!!!!!
My hobbie is scuba diving.
I've traveled some places in not only Japna, also other countryies.
PNU cosist of 12 departments.
I'm going to see my school scenarys.
Last weekend my wife and I went to tennis matches for beginer mix doubles.
It's dilicious and rare, I want to learn how to cook this kind of beef.
I found out about Lang-8 today and registerd right away.
After I graduated from high shcool I started learning English alone.
I stuied English by watching NHK TV which is educational.
By the way, Feburary 14th is Valentain's day.
Japanese girls often give chocoletes to their boyfriends.
Not for boyfriend! lol I've made chocolates for Valentain's day since I was an elementary school student.
It's soft, moisuturized and always fresh baked, not too sweet and you can see sliced piece of carrots in the cake.
However, I can't explane.
I felt sympathy for the Kambodia refugees, and wanted to know more about it.
And now, I'm researching The Indochinha War, mainly focused on the deplomatic relation between Vietnam and France.
It was so hard because there weren't enough referencel, but I made my effort to research, and I understand it very well.
Kendou is a contrast to wieght training.
Weight tarining is reasonable.
It is difficult for rationalist Americans to understand Kendou spirit.
Someday, I want to watch the MLB game live at the studium.
Therefore I can't continue to use it, I was dissapointed...
They usually boile Hijiki with soy souce and sugar,
I can understend them.
My favorite (shop) is a Chinese restaurant nere the school.
This song is about ``bounsing back``.
I'm not good at expressing myself, I don't have any qualifications but a driving lisence, I have never had special experience such as internship and being a volunteer.
plese teach me English.
The Flinstones
The Trasformers
2: Be engaged with an instiute related to UN operations or non-profit operations.
But,,,, I always feel dissapointed with my poor English skills, especially when speaking:(
Sometimes I get tired of the piles of assighnment, but I enjoy spending lots of time with good teachers and friends who aim high.
I'm tired because I have to go to the lab evryday and take care of the fish.
And I went to the class and I was so dessipointed because this room is very hot:(.
In the moring, I chedcked my phone but there weren't any calls from him so, because of that, I was angry at him and, still upset, I went to my part-time job.
These days I worry about my future and become senstive thinking about it.
now I am living in the southest of china, Now the temperature is very hig in the daytime. howerver it is low in the morning and night when is very cool and the wind is very soft. I like it very much, but I hate the daytime.
Of course, don't forgert marathon (42 km).
Today, I start my lan-8 life.
My father did it for my parents becaise they will back to Brasil!
My theacher told us that in Korea there was a race yesterday.
They checked 5th and 6th greader... I need to practice more each day.
``Jill Stuart`` is my favorit brand.
This fregrance is like vanilla mixed with flowers
I would like to wear its dresse in a party after the graduation ceremony.
If I were her, I would be very embarrased and stop right away.
However, she was tough becuse after that, she tried to use her cell phone again and was called by the professor again.
Somthing that I learnt today
First, I want to share my exprience when I traveled to China.
When you visit a shrine, ring the bell, bow twice, clap your hands twice and then bow deeply onece again.
On the train, I'm listening to R& B music to use in my lessun.
I preffer read some easy books, watch American TV, movies with English subtitles and these funny things to learn.
My main dificulty is understanding spoken English.
When the groom kiised the bride, many cameras flashed.
I am happy for them siecerly.
The reason I want to wirte English is to enhance my English skill.
It isn't neccessary to write in English.
will someone correct my grramatical mistakes after I post it or should I add someone to be my friend first?
My favoriet sports are Football and Snowbord.
When we were done skating, the metro was not working, so my dad drov us all home.
Depending on how she is feeling that day she may begin to imagin the very worst--``He hates me, he doesn't love me, he is leaving me forever.`` This may then trigger her deepest fear, which is ``I am afraid that if he rejects me then I will never be loved.
I found him on YouTube:) He made a parody of Mirely Cyrus's 7 days.
9 bus that caught itself on fire in Chendu.
(Star Ruby is a library to develope computer games with Ruby language.
Just 12 hours left untill I go to Cambodia!
Vor. 1 (Prayer etiquette in temples)
Yey!!
I didn't think they could wil, therefore I was really surprised.
Many friesds cheer the team of your own country.
So it was difficult for me to read a lot of passege in a short period of time.
I upgrated lang-8 to premium.
Are you surprized that we didn't fly on the plane/ go by plane?
What I'm studying at univercity
I'm studying mainly Mathmatics and phisics at university.
I was good at Math and phisics when I was a high school student.
Although I don't study English at the univercity, I want to be able to speak English fluently.
, and you wll be friends with me!!
It is derived from ``familly``
In jappan is wintter now.
Recentry, I happend upon very nice music.
I watchd ``Enchanted`` by disney.
Somedey, I'll try to fall in love with such a prince!!
Know that no gain withut pain, this what I learned from life.
Speaking the truth, what I would like is to make foreign friends mord than leanning english, I am very curious about everything outside China and I dream about travelling around the world one day.
But accoding to his facial expression, it seems to have failed.
I want to comunicate with a lot of people.
example: The teacher used his car as an example when he was teaching about the hibrid car.
But I think it is good way to improve my English writing skills by dialies.
I'm a little good at writing and grammar of English but I'm poor at speaking and listenig because Japanese educational system of English focuses on writing and grammar.
But I think this system derives from Japanese nationarity.
What is your favorite russain song?
I decide give up on these nerouse.
I want have a better life! I want to smeil and I tried to sing.
I found the world become bulitful and everthing became right! so happy! I konw the life is myself and if I felt good it will fell good! hope everyone find yourself I trust you will get what's you want!
Hi evrybody!!!
Anyway he fell in love with the smat phone, and his explanation made me almost fall asleep.
Oh, it isn't snowing and I can't go snoubording...
I need to revice the text for retelling for my English cources, but it is very difficult for me& nbsp; because my pronouncication is not very good and I find speaking& nbsp; more difficult than listening.
Yesterday, I was tought how to play golf by a professional golf player.
I didn't have any appoinmets or plans yesterday.
I first took my seat and I ordered an iced charamel latte.
I must speach about my country.
I came up with some ideas for my speach.
I always go to English classes Saturday's at 3pm until 6pm so I did that, and also in the morning I went to a pole dancing class, I do that to lose weight and gain strenght, and it is a fun activity too.
I dicided to write a diary entry.
so I cannot talk with my friends on abroad with humorness.
I'm bad at pysics and math.
She is twrenty-six who is living in Tokyo for a job/ work.
select: She selected the blue flowersfor for her friend's gift.
divide: We were divided into two groups in/ by that arugument.
convey: Sometimes it is difficult to convey what we want to say in a foregin/ another language.
I like drowing characters very much.
My hobby is watchng baseball games on TV, because I like baseball
Then they make unhappy faces and ask me again, 'What can you cook without currry?'
My roommate and I decided to clearn our dormitory tomorrow.
Goos night.
So it was a preasure.
It costs 55 aus dollers.
I have to sell my car for at least 4000 aus dollers.
I talk with my family using Sype almost every day.
I'm a normal man. someone pealse help me lol
I thouht he put my socks in his closet again.
oh my godness, it was a gay magazine! I was really surpurised, and I also became scared of my landlord.
I promise, no, I gurarantee, I'll never come back to Australia again, even if my mother is kidnapped by someone and taken to Australia.
I kinda wanna change from flontline to some other medicine.
But since I have few oppotunite to use it, my English still looks like Chin-glish.
I wich I would not get in trouble with anyone during my trip since people are the most dangerous creature in the world.
Because this spring I have to take job jobhunting seriously as I am going to be last grade in my uni.
I have to endure missing my family and frends in Korea.
I have been learning yoga for three years Becouse I have stiff shoulders.
I think that the hula dance is elegant and somtimes difficult to execute.
well you are fack basically, so it is okay.
I've been studying English for 4 onths in Sydney, but I still can't see the top of the montain at all.
How high have I climed from the foot of the mountain?
Anyway, everyone is lreaning a second language on this website; I reapect all of them.
What I'll write is just my opinion, so even if my ways of studying will be deifferent from you, don't worry about that.
Speaking skills are propotional to writing skills.
If I wanna understand waht English speakers say, I have to read English books and I have to ask Japanese who can speak English very well about why I couldn't translate it.
I don't think that way beacuse, when I got up that day, I felt a little bit tired
Accroding to researchers who foucued on the relationship between the length of sleeping and whether you feel good when you get up,
Pathinco is one of the gambling methods.
However they are expensive, because they can do many thigns.
However, I have no need to record conversations and am not intersted in any radio programs...
I have studyied for over 10 years to pass an exam for some national qualification.
T ``in English with Japanise subtitles on DVD.
As you know, ET is a famous movie, but I watced it for the first time.
I'm always thinking about the reason why he did that and why he always refuses that someone helps him after I watche ``HOUSE M.
I can't just skip unknow words so reading this book will take a while.
TIME is futuring superbowl ads as follows:
I'm going to get a job until March and its gon to be okay. I don't have to rush ~ ~
My Recommedation Movies
I intend to discribe daily happenings here.
The celemony at the kindergarten
We attended the celemony at the kindergarten last Thursday.
The celemony lasted about 1 hour and thirty minutes, and
The reason we think so much about those news stories is because even if the news content is quite ordinally, it picks up and repeats many times just because famous people are involved.
My friend itroduced me to this useful website.
Althought my Japanese is not good to write an article (entry).
IN DEFENSE OF MR. FIX-IT AND THE HOME-IMPROMENT COMMITTEE
When a woman resists a man's solutions he feels his competence is being qustioned.
As a result, he feels mistrusted, unapprciated, and stops caring.
He can reflet and discover how he was probably offering solutions at a time when she was needing empathy and nurturing.
Here are some brief examples of ways a man might mistakenly imvalidate feelings and perceptions or offer unwanted solutions.
Thia is what you should do. ``
Each of these statements eitheer invalidates or attempts to explain upset feelings or offers a solution designed suddenly to change her negative feelings to positive feelings.
By learning to listen, gradually he will experiece that she will appreciate him more even when at first she is upset with him.
She can reflect and discover how she was probably giving him unsolicited advice or criticism rather than simply sharing her needs, providing information, or making a requst.
When I woke up, I could see the heavy sonw.
hellow ~:) I live in korea
Yesterday, the Dobai World Cup (horse racing) was held in Dobai.
It was very exiting, because it was the first time that a Japenese horse won.
I think Japnese horses have achieved world-class status.
as playing basketball, swimming, running and so on. If it is sunny, I'll go fashing with my friends and swimming. I think that is impossible. wuwuwu. But I can play computer games at home, hehe.
Thease days, it is getting colder and colder.
I realized I could not be friends with autom and winter.
No matter what bevarages she drinks, almost nobody would mind.
Possibly women, who tend to have great interest in thire own figure and weight, believe they have an obligation to refrain such drinks.
What I strongly want to mention is that all we need to do is develop and bulid good relationships with various countries.
I went to Canda on spring vacation.
Hi, my name is gulizen and I'm very happy to meet you on lang-8. It's a good way to learn other lauguages.
I thank them for their heartfull concern; however, dare I say, they have misunderstood the situation in Japan.
Resently I watched the news on the central Russian TV-chanel, and they said that Hollywood has started sooting a film called& nbsp; ``Georgia``.
This is an information war and the film ``Georgia`` is its logical continion.
Today, I read a magagine about license in school librery and find this site.
But, I want more comunication with forighner.
I am a member of the ``Guidelines comittee on Hypertrophic Scarring`` of the Japan Academic Societty of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.
It was ranny from morning to evening.
plz ~ help to correct my writtings. If so, I appreciate your favor.
The Carrer is ``Softbank``. (we have d a bad impression of them)
iPhone doesn't have IrDA. (we use this for excanging mail addresses usually)
Java apprication doesn't work in the iPhone.
On Monday, I went to the scholl pool for the first time in this year.
But I don't like sewimming in cold water..
I wii keep swimming untill I'm a Kosen student.
I'm having a tornament of swimming (or swimming tournament) for high school student on June 5.
A Japanese women was taught not to express their thoughts or opinions since their childfood.
Many foreiner believe this.
Book retiew-Black Boy, Garden Party.
Because it has too many fage.
Reading the book, I am reminded of Korea occupied by Japan in the 1930's (although I wasn't born in this age, I can only imagine). Like many Koreans, Ricahard has had hard time.
I guess 'nigar' and 'black boy' are bad words.
Her mather is very expected.
Luary wanted to end the party but her mother didntn't want to because she didn't want to ruin the fun for everyone. Laura felt guilty and visited the dead man's home to pay her respects.
The JLPT just examines the learner's kowledge.
When I arrived at the clothing department, the sales clark was only one there.
I cooke a full-course Italian meal, Salad, AcquaPazza, Pasta.
Whereas there are wide range of Nabe in Japan, we ate quite simple nabe, mainly (?). We put all of the leftovers from te refridgerator, such as radish, carrot, deep-fried tofu (bean curd), mushroom, long onion and water, into the pot and cooked them together.
Five months ago, I met a Filipino student on Smar.
The day before yesterday he sent me a message that he applied for the job as a totor.
I already have some favorite toturs at my conversational school.
I don't know that song lilycs is ``Mr american pie``.
becouse there is nothing aboput ``american pie``.
The hit single of this album is called/ named 'Stupid,' which is about a man whose heart has been broken by a gril.
During an interveiw, he said that he wanted to become a radio DJ with his own show after releasing the album.
It is very difficult to find a good definitio for friendship.
A ture friend finds pleasure in our joy and shares sorrow in our grief.
The people who are my friends are alwats at my side to give me help and comfort.
I think this is ture friendship.
These days I have been exchanging messages with my foreign firend, and it is as pleasant as a real conversation.
Farst diary
To change the subject, earthquakes& tunami are terrible.
The cerebral wave activity is clasified into groups, each one named with a Greek letter: Alpha, Delta, Gamma and Theta.
So, Alpha waves have a frecuency of 0. 5 and 0. 4 cycles per second, and they are often found in a state of deep sleep.
Theta waves have a frecuency of 5 and 7 cycles per second, and they are found in the state between wakefulness and dreaming.
Alpha waves have a frecuency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and a relaxed alert.
Beta waves have a frecuency of 15 and 22 cycles per second, and they are found in a state of crisis, anxiety and agressiveness.
The massive production of Alpha waves in children makes them have a great learning capacity that can even allow them to attain/ achieve super-learning or acelerated learning when there is a state of peace.
On the other hand, if there is a state of agressiveness or stress, learning cannot be achieved.
These ways are called the perception channels, and are usually used by the NLP (neuro-linguistic programming) to generate positive and permanent changements in people's behavior.
I want to comunicate with people.
I started a part-time job in a convenience store two manths ago.
I have been very busy for this two manths.
For the first manth, I cleaned the toilet facilities, took out the garbage, welcomed the custmers and (?) helped to organise the stock of goods, on top of working as a cashier with seniors and so on.
I was tremendously encoureged when I was told off by a manager.
Thanks to them, I got used to work litle by litle, as time passed.
One day, the store manager said to me ``It is important to greet with a smile and make eye contacts with the custmers``.
Then, some custmers thanked me with smiles and left the store.
There is a gerbille at my home, but it's not the only pet we have.
But it's a pity that I couldn't find a mousetrap in my home, it made the mice leave my appartment last time a few years ago.
It's really interesting, and a lot easier for me to read, probably bacause there's a bunch of conversations in it.
I asked them ``why does the elephant need to be on diet?`` They said ``Because we have to minimimize the transport fee.`` I feel managing teh Elephant is very difficult.
I gaved up on it then.
I respect strong-charectered people
I respect strong-charectered people.
She moves whith difficulty.
She still goes to University and continues her education by correspondance.
Recently she has started to make (create) beautiful accessoiries.
She is talanted.
I can't get up eary in the morning!
(Fixed) Odell wasn't certain of what he saw. The mbers may have been at a much lower first step, with a formidable second step still to come.
(corrected) Odell hasn't confident about what he saw. The mountainer may have been at a much lower first step, with a formidable second step still to come.
Althogh I am sure you know of them, I want to introduce music by these singers and anextra song by Andi Gibb, who in my mind, is the very image of the past american people because of his fasion and long blond hair.
But I've changed my mind recentry.
In the playoffs, everyone is very important to the team, not to mention Rockets lost the African Moutain.
I decided to undergo a long jurney by bike, which took about four hours to arrive at my destination.
During the recent winter vacation, when for the greater part of the time the temperatuer was always under-20 degrees.
Now the temperatuer has increased, and it usually ranges roughly frome-10 to 2 degrees.
Even with this increase, a long time exposed to the cold, proved to be moer than I could bear.
I was traneling to China with my friends until yesterday.
I want to be able to speak English and communicate with Peoplle all over the world!
Since I work in my office, looking outside through the windiow is fun and relaxing to me.
Last year, I ate and drind freely and as a result, I didn't gain weight but gained visceral fat.
It is one of the largest ones in Japana.
So the teacher came to our room at 10: 30 each night duing the four days.
My unbrella was broken yesterday.
I'm going to write about the spacecraf Hayabusa today.
The body burned, but she relesed a capsul toward the earth before she was burned.
Nobody knows what was in the capsule untill it was opened.
If there were aliens in the capsul, We would be surprised!
However, wrinting in this diary gives today some meaning.
but he didnn't find one
The tyhoon has approached.
I will do it steadly.
I found ``Train Man`` which is a very famous story in Japan in 2006 transrated in English.
It attacked me like a mosqiuto.
I chose the book related to my major (machanical engineering) so that I could practice my English reading skills.
meeting facinating people
These days, I have studied promotion on a Japanese musisian and today is last time to study it.
Someday, I want to sing songs in other lanugage.
Inportance of reading
This is the first time for me to write my dialy in English.
The aim is to experience a wider world and enter a more challengable life.
But first, I should speak in English very influently.
And I have to overcome my fear and shyness especially when I meet an agressive person who feels frustrated while talking with me.
Fortunatery, I found a newspaper clippings.
Although, I've been feeling lonely rately.
I tried to call my frends several times yesterday.
That made me lonlyer.
I have a troubled personarity.
As soon as you are busy enough, you will forgrt what you want because you have no time.
So, the cultural festival is a place to understand the school atomshere.
My friends said that this website benifited her a lot, and she recommened it to me so I came/ joined.
So let me introduse myself a lettle bit.
My 3-year-old daughter was born here and that was a tough experience for me becuase I was not able to express how my wife was doing when a nurse/ doctor asked.
But I belive that if I just go on and study constantly without being lazy, then I definitely will achieve my goals.
I belive in myself.
I wrote that I was going to watch the movie (or: a movie called) ``A Phophet``.
I have two tommorow.
I'm gonna eat Rusian cuisine tonight.
I live in a dorminotory near my home.
meybe!!!
Many elementary studnets in Japan ride unicycles.
unicycles are very popular amang girls.
I didn't know how wonderful peformance with unicycles could be until she started it.
I watched ``Swan Lake`` at Lincorn Center tonight.
I didn't know that early day tango was played with flute and gitar.
He is really scarely and aggressive.
Multimdia Class
thus all of them are bound together by affection, and they find their friendship to be the cheriest relationship in the world.
first, it is difficult to suppose that one can experience anything, continously.
I am writting a program for learning foreign languages (next version).
The Version for Linux works great, not beacause I like Linux, but that on Linux using UTF-8 chars in console is possible, in Windows it isn't possible.
I have stusied english for about a year.
but my english is not at a pratical level.
What do you think of working at resoat area?
I'm not sure the name of the place, This area is famous for snowboad and skiing.
I need to chekck it) I will go to the airport with my aunt, uncle, and my brother by car.
I will ought to have breakfast by stopping the rastaurant before we get to the airport.
My dear fridends, please tell me how can I do?
I'm a 21-year-old girl, and I'm sudying English literture in my univercity.
I've also been studying Brasilian Portuguese for one month.
So I was sourching for a website to help with my studies.
Today I am not going on a bussiness trip.
So I was very comfused when I noticed it.
I tried do my best and as much as I could all day today because I don't like to make someone feel uncomfortuble because of my action.
So I just aporogized to everybody on twitter.
I think that I can't say that I am okay because I am not sure about my aciton.
The euro is very weak and the yen became very storong.
I checked the exchange rate for the New Zealand doller but it was same.. (^ ^;
One of my friends who plans to go to Europ this summer changed yen to euro yesterday.
Tomorrow I will go my daughter's kindergarten to join in the Summer Festival celebration (promorted by teachers) with my family.
It was cold today, those days the outside temperaure was 0 degree.
Hello, frined and teachers!
I have plans to teach my native languge in Bangkok..
I really want to help you enjoy your experence here in Thailand..
Private classes are available evey day inculding Saturdays and Sundays from 8am until 8pm.
nithty-night naka...
Because it is very diffrent from what I have ever used, it is very difficult for me to use it.
When I drink with my close friends and If I determined to hang out till morning at clubs or somthing, I drink roughly a half bottle of tequila and a couple of bottles of beer.
Sometimes I kicked the ball and hitted someone who was running toward me. I was running, too, then all the players ran into me, even though I was running as hard as I could.
I agree with the opion that Kokubo should wear his tie and pants properly because he is now a representative of Japan under the national flag, not just an athlete who is abroad to attend international matches as a qualified individual.
I played softball with a Heavy Industries custmer two weeks ago.
Although the first game was fought well very much, it was reversed and by the last roundand and we lost.
As a result, our tema had the lowest grade at the tournament.
I think it is a good thing to form relationships outside of work with my custmer.
Do you have relationships outside work with your custmer?
I need to wirte my diary in a short time span, but I will keep updating
And recently many murder events have happend in Vancouver.
Tonght I will sleep early, and tomorrow do my best.
I majore in international relations.
Especially Tchaikovsky and schuvert are my favorites.
I'm going to stay here just obout one month.
He declared that we would never get any furnitures IKEA.
I try to think postive, but It is such a hard thing to do.
today. I went to yaga shool. so recently I started to yoga,
Big queues, crowds of people, everebody is angry-all of this is a consequence of Russian education reform.
Unfortunatly, I realized that it is a fairy tale.
But I still believe that I will enter the university/ institute, Russian corruption won't be a problem on the way to my goals, nd I will be lucky to say that I am a student of university!
Tangue twister with Insomnia
As a result, I didn't go to the labrary and I regret my idleness.
It is becase there are many things I'd like to do and
Please correct it on grammer and suggest a more native usage of the language.
And they are also often said to have poor imaginating.
And as you know, Japanese animation is now highly recommendated worldwide.
I am going to hold omn my English.
I am suppouse to talk with my freinds if I need to talk with them.
I habve finished reading a book.
But they disappeaerd soon afterward.
He started to study this phenomenan.
Thnaks!
millitary base near my town, so many Americans live in the city.
I think I have many opportunities to speek in English close to home.
I studied Amarican sign language today with some girl on edufire.
The girl who tought me,
She also tought me in English.
Today, when I went into an oriention& nbsp; workshop, I was surprised to see a lot of people there.
I gain my wehght rapidly last summer season.
I will contienue my english learning journey...
My dear friends, it has been months since my last vist to this website.
I (will) start my colleage junior life in the beginning of september.
I can read Englidh a little bit, but I'm poor at speaking, listening, and Wrighting English.
Now, I want to appare some useful sentences, for example:
For examle, there are bedrooms, a bathroom, a kitchen, and so on.
This is because if you eat dinner togher, you can have coversations and it helps us understand each other.
In this way, I can get their counsel and, at the same time, they can make out my thoughts and the situation I am currenty in.
In my opinion, close family bonds are one of the most imporant things in our life, and the dining room plays an essential role in it.
Thus, the chance of making a new acquaintnce who I did not know well before increases.
In conclution, I believe that the dining room is the most important room in a house.
We can maintain a good relasonship with our family by communicating in the dining room, and we can also use it for a party where we can invite people from outside our house.
For exemple, If you have a dog, you need time for it: buy it food, play with it, take it for walks, etc.
I Ibelive that a pet is more responsability.
I plaied a game.
I don't feel very good today. Everything is going the wrong way. I try my best to let it go into the right way, but I failed. mybe I should think more clearerly, but I can't.
In short, we still dont know why consciousness exists, why I'm not a philosophical zombi.
The pianist was born in a poor family, but he had the chance to become a famouse pianist.
The rapid development of information techonology, especially the Internet, has made an increasing number of e-books available to people.
Therefore, traditional books will continue to exist despite the rising popolarity of e-books.
If they get their total salary, companies will go bunkrupt.
Most of them are non copylightted because the authours of them died over 50 years ago.
I just recived an e-mail from my friend.
Before that she warked in a public hall, same occupation.
Now she warks with teachers and she is very lonely.
Today I realized why it is so importand not to give up.
Hanging Out Wih My Friends
He explained his critial situation to her.
I was surprised at our enexpected visitor.
``My elder sister is also a geek, sometimes we discuss about the future of the Japanese animetion industry.``
I relly love teaching Samulnori with traditional Korean equiment.
While I am writting this, I want to eat it too.
I don't get feedback immediatly when I write.
Many native animals live in the tropical forests in Austraria.
Of course, I'm planning to go to the city zoo in Cairns and kuddle a koala bear.
Actually, I prefer wombats to koalas, but I'm uncertain whether visitors can kuddle a wombat.
Assad's shop attracts crowds of people and the queue extends to the street conner everyday.
People like me wish that he canfforever leaves China.
thirds of the book but I haven't found any impressive sentenses.
4) China's economiy is gaining strength as it continues to increase its exports.
I'm going to be able to drink alcole.
Yesterdeay was my 4th wedding anniversary!
This event is a forum for professional or amature artists.
I've studied enghlish for more than 7 years, but my english is still so poor, I can't even talk to people, I hope one day I can speak english like a english spoker.
cause, I was bron into a poor family, I could not go anywhere but stay here, and my parents did their best to support me through school. I want to change my job, to improve my life, to earn more money to make my family more comfortable.
Ever since the first time when I saw a blackberry phone, I have been totally into them. They look luxuary, and the design is stylish.
I am still concidering whether to buy it or not.
Stiff shulder again
Steve 'Apple-Head' Joves is really cool. ``
We are forced to learn English since our chindhood. Until now, I'm learning it. This has become a big part of my study. We don't hear our students reading poetry, the essence of Chinese literature, which were paseed down for generations. However, we alaways read and recite English instead. Oh no, those are not oral English, just so called Chinglish. What a sad thing!
On that day, meny people come to my city.
ch it on TV. But my friends interested in F1, so we wach on TV.
Because, there are meny races in a month.
I sae colorling (colored) leaves.
It's veyr beautiful.
Autam is my favorite season of the year.
Rusian are mysterious.
Chanese people are also mysterious.
Althogh Samet island is not as popular as Phuket or Samui, its beach look very beutiful!
One can say that creating sentences is also a good activie that might
Many have oftenI thought about living in a place where two or more languages
Last week my degital camera broke and I need get it a new one for my trip next mounth.
I could see many diffalent costumes and dances.
We have called each other whether we were happy or groomy.
I attended it, and we cried utill we had exhausted our tears.
I think Japan is gentle for a smoker because there are a lots of smoking areas and cigarettes are chaper than any other country.
The restaurant is what is called a ``revolving sushi bar``, where dishes are carried on a conveyer belt.
Two pieces of sushi are on a dish and you can eat a dish for one dallr.
An increasing number of revolving sushi bars have opend recently, so we can have sushi at an affordable price.
There is no doubt that it is not good for our environment to bulid a factory in our community.
First, it will pollute the river near the community, which was full of fich.
It is not smart to depend the increase of the economy on the damage of the environment, which is very weak and cannot be rebulid.
Living in a community with fresh air, clean water and slient environment is much better than in a polluted area.
He told me to use the expressions that can be found in the dicrtionary, otherwese my English would be strange.
I hope that the people can find a way back to their normaly life and be happy again.
My mahor is Engrish.
My Japanese teacher asked me to focus on listening, talkiing and grammar.
I hope that I can improve my talking and listening as soon as possible because I really want to have perfect Enghish.
Hello evryone.
I did my study abrod in Fiji and it was sooooo good.
Especially over Hotele life.
After that I moved to a hotele whose manager is a Fijian woman who was so
Some of my firend who were also going back Japan cried and cried...
Anyway my English is better than before, particularly my spreaking
but my vocablary isn't good enough for staying in another country, I think.
that's why I am going to study abrod again soon.
I was really desappointed with my English skills again and again during the show.
Anyway, very few Japanese actors can speak English or Mandarin like native speakrs, so most of Japanese actors can't appear in famous Hollywood movies.
On a lemon tree which I bougt 5 years ago, swallowtails laid eggs since the last summer.
Living expens South Dakota!
Today, I began this lang-8 survice hoping to improve my English-writing skill.
Time permitting, I would like to take part in advsing on Japanese usage, and am very glad to get any tips on my English use.
Kingland is a beatiful counry in southern Asia.
People in Kinglang eat sea food every day.
I would like to see the coutry Kingland atleast once in my life.
I promissed my friend.
Even though we had never aten with each other, we had a good relationship.
Yet, I don't like to have a lot of free time, especially when Ioften sleep halfa day ratherthen spending time in the Intrnet, or even watching TV.
My goals are good pronunciation, writing English easily and reading English websites and books speedly and accurately.
Regular membar Cambodian vocalist Sokha joined us for 1hour.
Rurouni Knesin
They are very professionalist, friendly, and seem to have respect for all of the workers.
But there're only words and I feel that it's not enought. (enough)
Everywhere I go I keep listening to my favoriate song..
I made lots friends who came from all over and I always felt happy. I never felt bad because I realy enjoyed living in Australia with my good plicks! haha
About 10 days after got to Australia, when I was hunnging around, I found posh cafe and dropped my resume off.
They said, ``Come to an interview tmr.``
Why on earth has our rejection of nuclear power desappeared?
So today we went in and out every shop downtown and we trid on styles we like.
After that, we went to dinner at a Thai resterant.
I really want to visit it again and, if I can, (I will) live there for sevearl years.
Today I heard that my younger colleague had started writing a jornal at this great site.
Recently I have been practicing reading English sentenses loudly many times to brush up on my skills.
But I have yet to learn more words and flases, so I'm back to writing in my diary again to practice my writing skills as well.
The new year still has many challenges waitting for me.
Goodbye 2008, Hellow 2009 ~!
NINE is a movie derected by Rob Marshall.
In this site, I feel that I'll study more, and I'll be able to communicatin better in English.
Torne has a ``trophy`` function, which is someting that records my viewing history.
This story is a parody of The littler match girl and shows the European toumoil pretty well.
Recentlly, the Euro has dramatically fallen against the dollar and yen.
It was a beautiful day yasterday
I'm going to go to an art exhibision in Hakone this Sunday, so I hope it will be sunny there.
Then she disappeard with her son.
At tne end of class I wanted to try to talk with him, and I asked him how I was in his class today, he just nodded
I promised him to show the winter scenery of Hokkaido such as Sappro city covered by snow, the festivity of Sappro Yuki Maturi by ``You tube``.
5 years ago, I would have never guessed I would have commnication this way.
However, all the children became very queit
I just wached the 1st and 2nd episodes.
One of the survivors, Jhon Rock, should have been dead, but he was still alive in the hall.
Why did the crowd apper?
and I was always looking foward to it.
I was given a degital camera.
There is no way that showing kindness, affection, or any other form of positivity won't be appriciated.
You are the most jearous person in my class.
He is the second weightest boy of my friends.
We finished the (/ our) test and then we were going to the Black Cat in Brunswick Street, Fizroy.
Before we went there, we had talked about the distinctives features of this cafe.
So the teacher recomended a good restaurant near the Black Cat.
including Janan.
And I watched a movie in the cafe, ``The Bourne ultinum``, whose main acter is Matt Damon.
Also, Interenet Cafes in Japan have varsatile services.
You can spend a night on a tatami-floor at a price cheaper than a hotel. (but limitied room though..) Of course, they ordinarily serve free drinks such as coffee, tea, or juice.
Some of them have darts or billiyard!
IF I Won 10 Million Dollers
If I won 10 million dollers, I'd like to buy a lot of games for an Xbox360 and go abroud right now:) If I still had a lot of money, I donate to people in need.
To begin with, I'll finish my last semister at university for graduation.
Employees fingers are not put into the soup, making it cleaness and safe, preventing burns.
Or is it truely beyond my understanding?
However, my friends told me it's really yummy and sweety.
One of them is Israelim; she speaks English with a strong accent.
Should someone solve my writing error and layzines problem?
I have two children: one is in colleage and the other is in elementary school.
What kind of peple do you like?
The title is ``The Castle Of Cagriostro,`` which is made by Hayao Miyazaki, the most famous director in Japanese animation.
I find it very useful when reading entries written by other Jananese corrected by native speakers, because you can tell the difference in expressions between English and Japanese. It touches the heart of Japanese culture for Japanese people learning English.
Thus my evironnment seems never could make me have a new dream.
How to choose an appropriate article (that is, 'a' or 'the') is a very difficut question whenever I study English.
Thanks for reminding me and I remember this/ that moment. It was very amaizing. Life was beatiful.
I read in a magazine that the BOB cut is now the treand.
I was dissapointed.
To improve Enlgish is very very hard!!!
When I left the subway, I found the paper paperbag that had my lunch was torn because the subway was so crowded.
I don't want it to cost a lot of maney.
I enjoyed a fireflower and Japanes Origami with my siter's daughter and son.
I'm looking forward to whatching them grow up!
In fact, it's ture that many people are not hardworking after they go to college in Taiwan.
I watced Agatha Christie's work-Murder on the Orient Express and Miss Marble.
He put on a talk show at this event, but unfoutunately it was full before I could make a reservation.
]) but beforehand, I have to have some theoric and pratic knowledge about traditional art (painting, architecture or color theory, management of space).
You know, you can only apply for one school for your bechelor's degree.
The weather is cool and my friend is going to see a movid but I have to work
Please correct and answemy my question!
I don't know what happend.
plese ~ teach me English.
I'm an unversity student and my major is international law.
If you wanna learn chinse regularly, just add me.
Finally I got admitted to the International Trade Institude.
In my school, we are plaing instruments in the school musical.
because in 3-1 we are plaing instruments!!!
I needed a person who would let me practice verious skills.
I want go to shopping but I'm aways busy. lol
And because of the rain, I couldn't go very far for dining, and I could only choose the near restaurents
Especialy, anyone learning Japanese (^-^)/
I heard and thought, ``what shoud I eat??``
Because Bobby advised me to follow them to Chitaqua Park, I went there.
I spred it on toast every morning.
But one thing I have to be carefull about is not getting a bad tooth.
I starting Lang-8 rigjht now!
My English writing skill and bocabraly are really not enough.
First of all, she is a very hard working person. She has the capacity to work for a long time without complaining until she acheives her goal.
Besides that, she tought us to care about our studies and to search for knowledge everywhere and by any means, because she believes that man without knowledge is like a body without a soul.
They are Probablly around 7 centimeters or so.
I heard that our common frind, who is
I will show a video of thai fruit carving to you. When I was yung
So women would stay at home and learn about cooking, especaullly
In Feburary, I dropped and broke my camera.
Also in March, I dropped and broke my boyfriend's camara.
Tommorrow will be a great day, I believe!
My brother had a PSP (but he sold it), and we had seve games for PSP console.
If you can recomend me some songs, I'll be grateful.
He told me that I was addicated to the university.
During the past theer years, I felt tired from time to time, and sometimes I wanted to give up, but I told myself ``I must be keep it up, I must work hard.`` Now my efforts have paid off--I was addicated to a good university.
The phone that can be superior to iphone is nowher to be found.
Hi ~ I thank you for your lobour.
When I first visited this web site, I was suprised at how helpful the people on this wabsite are!
I am a little troubled because I want to help those who are helping me by assisting them in their goal to improve their writting in return.
But many peaple, inculding you, like to learn Chinese or Japanese. I'm Korean, so I can't help you directly.
If you're not disturbed by my hamble level of English, I hope that you will consent to being my neighbor.
You can grow tired of explaning the same thing, and lose your creativity.
For example, when I am stressed out from studyiny, I start to eat more or to sleep more than I need.
My faverite of them was a woolen coat.
I don't like you, not beacause you are an American.
I think I do my best to do your homework amd understand when you teach class.
I am vety happy to have a girl.
This is the first time I write in tihs diary.
In order to better learn the intentions behind his paninting, I want to take some classes to learn painting skills, like water oil.
find my diaries to recorrect.
In Taiwan, there are many people with a teacher lisence, but there are just a few students.
As a resule, most of these teachers are waiting for a job.
Tomorrow I'm going to have a test of Classical Japanese and I hope everyting ends up alright.
My holidday
Actaully, I don't miss Taiwan so much.
My roomate are always asking me, ``do you miss rice?``
I would rather try exotic food while in the U. S., rather than Taiwese ones.
I feel like experiencing the American life-stlye and being assimilated with them.
Even though he said that I should taste some Taiwanese cuisine here, that way, I could campare what the differences between them are.
A book I read when I was a freshman in my university explained that people want to work atDisneyland because everyone working there can do what he/ she truely wants to do.
Xtina is amazing signer. (NOT xtina!)
The idea occerred to me that, why is the image of a flight attendant different from Japan and in the other countries.
I can buy avery cheap clothes at Dinos.
roma-hiragana translator
So I want to use a roma-hiragana translator with this site, like the one below:
As you know the Korean penisular is still devided into the South and North.
Efectiv way of learning English.
I am always thik how I can improve my English.
Less efort, much more efection.
In that show the resercher said read letters in books scilently.
So we have to know sound infomation even if we read scilently
(in English spelling and pronounceation are difarent)
Seemed that this wasn't her first suicidal attemp.
Nuh...
Tomoyo and I went to a new caffe and talked about art.
That nigth, I called my boyfrend and Mayuko.
We are going to deinner nest Saturaday,
On such a big holiday, our family always gets toghter to
He was expected to win a gold medal, and all of his supporters in the arina became silent the moment he retired.
Anyway, from now on, I will come and write etreis at least once a week, so please help me to write proper English entries.
I'll try to write things here and it will be happy or good things which happens to me every sigle day.
Despite this constantly expanding library of exotic colloids, however, the advances in colloidal self assemby are surprisingly scarce, and the corresponding self assembled structures still remain quite simple.
Altough she is a second grader in high school,
We taled a lot!
In my first dgree, I went to Oxford Universtity in England.
I want to visit more and to talk with many kinds of peopole.
So if you are a very kind person, please cheak my poor Englsih!!
the weather forcast said (that) it will be hot again (soon).
First, today I am going to play Futsal in the evining.
What dou you think about the USCPA in America?
Ken adviced me on how to make a good presentation.
or going walking in nature for reflesh and health.
I don't have a perticular genre of movie I like.
But, I don't thik movies are made for fun. sometmes they give me deep inspiration and make me think about a specific topic.
I want to be an obstetrician or an engineer who makes medical machines to help as many wemen as possible to live happier lives despite their diseases!
Because sometimes it seems to me that most of them are very intelligent, organized, and priviledged at the same time.
He told me that American people are different from Egyption people
in thier thinking, and in their professional and personal lives. But not everyone is different.
I wrote this entry beacuse I want American people to reply to me
How they think in thier peofessional and personal lives and
I also want to know how the noraml people spend thier normal days
Thanks to anyone who will answermy qestions.
First I want to express my happiness at Srahu coming back from her vacation!)
this is very importent fo me I really norvos.
take a pll, but It's not usefull
I have a importent test next week
I belive I can do it well
For instance Taylar Swift, Stevie Wonder, The Smashing pumpkings, Offspring, Sum41, Steve Appleton, A Tribe Called Quest, Pixies, Jay-Z 3OH! 3, etc...
I really like her excentlic fashinon, action, peformance, and of course songs:)
Whenever I questioned something, people responsed very
There were (only) a few people who came to the Izakya
Now I am planning to travel to Tailand for my next vacation.
There are a lot of historical places to visit in Tailand.
After finishing the TV program of Gundam, at first all of the Gunadam freaks tried to buy plastic models.
But it makes me too addictiv.
Fashon Show
One thing that I noticed is that they (all) wore fasionable clothes as well as a lot of perfume.
Hello, my name is Sar. I am interested in the English languaga.
So people can easily make rhyms in English since English is avery flexible language in terms of sound.
The answer is quite symple: they use rhymed verse when they make songs.
So we are limited to manipulating rhythm in Japanese. Therefore, ancient Japanese people controlled thenumber of words in Japanese poems in order to make rhythms instead of rhytmed verse.
The teacher was Filipina who can only speak English, that means she can't understand if I speak Japanese. I was nervous talking with her!
I booked accomodation, which looked like such a treditional and awsome cabin for a night, through the internet, and bought a pack of beer and some food at the market.
The enterance was pretty, and the usher, who was a very old man, was kind to us.
Anyway, the accomodation was the opposite of the pictures on the website.
My husband worried about me as my codition was getting worse.
At last he confessed to me that the smell and atmospher drove him crazy, too.
I stopped drinking beer and smoking; I can't let them help me fall alseep.
I remembe I have a black ipod in my bag,
It seems difficlut to make new friends when we get older (and older).
I serched for good movies online and eventually I found
As I saw the first scean, I felt very peacefull and
Japanese culture and he was always given a cup of coffe for free
I went to an Uniqro store and bought some cute t-shirts.
I haven't been to Uniqro stores before.
Uniqro is really famous in japan.
I think he was chinease and he was buying lots of clothes.
I was born in Riyadh, but I am organaly from Yemen
My relatives want me to go to Ucraine for the whole summer!
This year, I'm teaching 200 students. They are not relly goot at speaking English.
just be pacient.
I met my relatives and gave them some survenir.
It's the first time that I wirte a diary on the internet.
If I knew of this site ealier, I could write English very well..
My majoy subject is English, but in fact, I have a little hatred towards English, for
In modern times, English is as commom as a piece of bread; You can find it everywhere.
A hiway is free, and that is quite amazing.
rarely: She rerely finishes her homework on time.
Sory) Again)
But I have been stydying it every day for a month.
I `m a junior at Hankuk University of Forign Studies.
This is a japanese kinf of custom.
Heven is over....
The loan officer approaches the blonde and says, ``We are very happy that this transaction has worked out, but while you are away, I performed a background checkd. And I'm a little puzzled.
The blonde replies, ``Where else in New Youk city can I park my car for two weeks for 15 bucks?``.
Prease correct my diary. <(__)>
The skanning and skimming reading comprehension had too much information for me to finish the questions in fifteen minutes 'time.
Last Monday, I got in a new office that is a clum (?) scool as a Math and Science teacher.
I have to be in school untill 8: 20 a. m.
After having dinner, there is a self-study period untill 10: 00 pm..
I bacame to hate my country, my language, songs, and Russian films and books...
Every night I imagine lttle houses on the cleanstreets of a small town in America...
I also set off big firworks
I think it is one of my favorite festival regradless of my increasing
My pertner for this trip, Nao, had a strong desire to visit there.
Especialy, the whale shark feeding in a standhing posture was interesting.
I just passed through it souldlessly...
I am stupied..
Because I have a improtant exam at the end of the month...
I should prepare for (?) my sofermore year..
It troubles me acttually..
Since It is not combenient for me to pay by cash every day, I bought a 5000-yen bus card.
``Your card doesn't have enogh charge.``
As I was stood in front of the charge machine biside the bus driver, so many people were were waiting for me getting off the bus.
He was probably in his mid fourty, and was a kind driver.
Of cource I repayed the 50 yen the next day!
I am scoled by the instructor every time.
However, there are diadvantages. The biggest one would be environmental pollution. Social problems might be caused as well.
If one factory were built near my community, then it would bring more investiments.
In reture, improving our economy.
Nevertheless, there would certainly be negtive effects as well.
The most serious one must be environmental pollution, particularly in regards to pulluting the water and making noise.
Equally trobling for me is my debt...
I had a job interview last Friday, but I couln't/ didn't do well.
I may not even recieve any notice of an informal outcome.
How do you feel if you get a call like that suddnely?
Thinking about it, I feel sick, deep lonliness when it is a full moon or new moon.
Start of English larning from Today
I quit English larning because working is very hard.
Acutually this is an excuse....
But I should thik about that.
As soon as I can do that, I will tell everyone aroud me.
Because Japanese people emphasize groupism and tend to avoid conflict personnaly with other passengers about their bad behavior.
Many stuednt were in Nara park.
It's a moving skatebord and it's cool and fun.
Please correct my senntennce
Today it is essencial to have reccomendations because the human resources are too busy to receive a lot of candidates.
Today I went to Hong-dae to meet my best friedns
So I went there to see eath other.
But I want to write an interesting and funny daiary in English.
You don't think this applys to Korea?
No, it's not Gomei.
Gomei is..
Gomei is, for example, maybe having sundried tomatoes
I just got thorugh with my work.
Today is a burnning hot day.
I like summer bacause it has many advantages, for exemple Swimming in the sea, doing BBQ party near a neighboring steam, playing baseball on the field.
1. He is tired of foreget important documents for the meetings.
Most salons encourage customes to buy a package of ten sessions upfront by offering discounts and special perks for your prepaid loyalty.
However, if they pay for some money to get manicure or padicure regularly, it could be a waste of money.
And the town is very small and quiet, fai away from the city.
The English poet Wordsworth said that ``The child is father of the man when he raises the son up innocently`` 1900 has lived on the sea since he was born, cut off from the outside world which is full of lies. He was innocent forever and had no flae until the moment of his death.
When the grown-up 1900 sat in front of the piano, using his slender hands; which are smooth like the keys, the ship bouncing on the sea waves, the piano's pulling and melodious tones, entranced by the music that he played for the poor people, my heart followed the tones up and down and the happiness on eeveryone's face.
Someone said that 1900 is happiness. He lives with his favourite music, people surrounding him are all friendly and kind, he needn't care zbout numerous complicated things and disturbances. Is this true? Everytime the boat draws into the shore, he looks at the island in a lonely way. He called strangers secretly with a nervous and expectant voice, ``hello, you don't know me, but, can we have a chat?``. Especially when that tramp told 1900 his experience. He wanted to experience standing on the island and listen to the sea. What would that be like? I'm not 1900, but I can definitely identify with his loneliness and longing-he was very keen to be on the island that he had never experienced.
This is a pictur of my dog.
In this country, the price of cigarlett is 5times higher than that of in my country.
Furthermore, every single pack of cigarlett contains advertisements which give us warning with horrible pictures about the harmness of smoking (Such as cancers).
I think I'm severly addicted to smoking.
Thanks for reasing my entry.
Japanese usualy begin to learn English when they are primary school students or junior high school students.
I want to improve electric vihecles and save the earth.
About 2 years ago, I went to Australia to study aboroad for a month.
I will send a letter to my fost family today.
-Coincidently their horses got tired in the middle of the way, at the same place that the moon was washing her hair
But, I'm sad, becouse she is one of my close friends.
At the beggining I thought I could put a picture representing France (= picture of France?) Well, then I thought about that supid stereotype: French people are chauvinistic.
That's slso exciting.
I will sell Japanese cakes and poteto.
When I liesten to the songs, I feel happy.
She would say to me: ``You always remember your birthday, but you never remember your father's or my birthday. It make me very sad!`` I'll said to my mother: ``sorry, mum, I'll nerver forget your birthday``.
I received an English lecture from my philipine tutor last Sunday.
She taugt me that there are only 2 seasons in the philipine. (dry and rainy seasons)
Goooooool!!! goal
Japan beat Danmark and booked a spot in a secound round of the FIFA world cup this morning.
with thire mobiles.
I remember when I was in college, my tutor said ``there is a gap existing between a customer's expectation and perceiption.`` As far as the hospitality industry, it's easy to understand the meaning.
3 stations later, I just stood up and said to her, ``pls sit down.`` Guess what happened??
The trueth is, do I have to tell her I was uncomfortable at that time?
Cars were congented around these buildings more than I had expected.
French verbs are changing so dinamically.
This is what it's facinating with French.
My dog died recently so I was suppoused to cry easily if I watched a sad movie.
As usual, I did my favorite exercice (and the one which is the most difficult for me).
I don't think this is quiete the place for you.
After I solved my thirsty promble I wanted to write something. But I have no idea what I should write about......... because recently I didn't do any thing that made sense.
it killed more than fifty thousands people. and destroied so many buildings.
I'm going to go to an italan resurant tomorrow.
If I eat slowry, will I lose weight?
But, authorities say the Tokyo area would be all right if the Fkushima plant were in a worst-case scenario.
The running menu was 30km with a pace of 4min per kirometer.
If you know, plese tell me.
HONORISTICS AND ``THANK YOU``
and tried to use ``Keigo`` or ``honoristics``, in Japanese.
It is very interesting to correct sentences that are writtern by foreign people in Korean.
In the futuer, I also want to learn Chinese and Japanese.
I always says that I have eanught time tor that, and I learn in the night.
So naw I have to write again.
because a lot of Japnese companies are deep in red for the fiscal year of 2008.
My co-worker whose name is Agnes went on a bussines trip.
My first daialy.
I think that I might not have enogh time to see you, but if I have, I'm looking forword to seeing you.
I am still comfused about the realationship with my BF
I doubted anyone could do the same as him, but after the seminar I could belive.
My systert got married
We will meet up and have a meal toghter,
After the home celebration, I wil go to the pc room and play the game sc2
and then I have to down load some files form the brokend computer.
Hm, maybe it's not so easy to down load files fromenthe the computer.
I was busy, I had a cold and I exausted so I didn't over work today.
Recentry I haven't been watching TV.
is we go into retail stores talk to people about Microsoft techenologies.
You spoke up about what you wanted to see the next virsonal of Windows
Windows 7 is designed be faster, more livele, and more conpartable, with more devices and applications, than ever before.
so they're really convinient to get to.
And with the new preview pane, it's easier than ever to see all the windowns that you have open at the same time.
which allows you to interact with the conputer using only your fingers.
now it is easier than ever to share those documents, pictures, videos, music, even prirners, with anyone in the family, from anywhere in the house.
With Windows 7, and suport devices, you can get even better experience with Device Stage.
We hope you are as excited about the next version of windowns as we are
The Reasens Why...
But it was realy difficult-there was snow, a blizzard and I was very tired and weak!
:-) Thak you for reading and correcting my sentences...
When I reached the railway station, I choiced the wrong exit.
I changed the date of my tecket at the front of the railway station and came back.
My parents write more because they send it to ther friends, colleagues and relatives.
Yeserday, I had a chat with a friend on Skype in English.
Before departing from Tokyo I woried about my kids's health conditions.
I'm currentry being extremely lazy, more than ever in my life.
even though im still keeping in touch with them, some of them seem to have forgetten about me already; that I even existed in their life or not.
If so, I wouldn't chase after them, as I got to used to forgetting my friends intentionaly due to the problem of distance.
The seasonings are soy sauce, mirin, sake and suger.
Put the all ingredient in the pot, and boile it for about 15 minuts.
Put it in a plastic bag whith flour, then mix it.
Next make the sause.
Its ingredients are soy sause, rice wine and rubbed garlic.
Put the fried wing tip into the sause.
I had a chat with Erica this moning.
I asked her about the present perface tense.
She said that, in France, the wather is bad (?) but that she and her friend were really happy at the
When they came to Thailand, we traveled togetter and had
Thai food togetter.
Good nite.
They intended to make their local Bon-dance into major dance like Awa-dance, and held a dance festival in Omotesando, Tokyo, which is famous as a site of Goth-Loli fashion and of yougster who appear dressed as manga characters.
There are his favorite phreases.
He likes to speak these phreases onece every two hours.
My anty and uncle are coming over tomorrow morning for New Years 'greeting.
and poor people will stiill be poor....
No one wants to wastethe their income.
Heppy new year, Every one
It is a small class with only 4 peaople.
There were small candles on evey table.
But we chose a main dish owrselves.
Lerning another language
However we should use formal phrases in particulary situations.
Definitety the word meaning is right, but actually it is not acceptable acording to the time and circumstance.
My university, university Keio, is one of the most difficult to enter out of all the private schoo in Japan, so there is many people who are able to speak English as fluenty as native speakers are.
It is regreted that I have not had such experiences, as I have studying English for so many years.
It is tipycal of Japanese students that they cannot speak nor write.
Aside from abobe story, I am excited whenever I jump out of the cage and enter the new world.
I need to do some shopping or lestting.
As the reviews on the website said, the service was terrible, but the tast was good.
I didnn't know about this nice site.
I only staied for a few hours but it was so nice to see them again and chat.
It featured TWO DOOR CINEMA CLUB, PASSION PIT, TAHITI80 and SMATHING PUMPKINS
Of course, I `ve learned English at school and at the University-but without any visible sussess =) Once I started to read`` Harry Potter ``and, you know, I was totally irritated by the wokr of the Russian translaters-they perverted all the names in the book!
And I just don't want to feel shame for my knowledge when I talk with foreingers or sending postcards on Postcrossing...
I received my new sleeping pill, because I'm insomunia.
So nice to meet you, my freind!
``Katuo bushi (a piece of (bried or breaded?) bonito)`` and mayonnaise if
I'm not sure whether this rumor is true or false becasue
But in fact, I really don't like the deadish coding.
Words and vocabraries
Are you trying to let get your parents to start joggig?
I watched a documentary progaram on TV.
Learning and promoing language ability has no ending.
Many Japanies students don't have their own religion.
However, I was absurbed in the fantasy world and it did 'nt feel like a long movie.
My friends who watched Avoter said this too.
There is a Chinise (maybe it's Buddhism) temple near my house.
It occasionaly has events held in it.
What celemony is it?
They should spare a thought for their neighbors before offering prayer for the dead, shouldn't they?
I think it's worth to go to Guamu just for the color of the sea.
When we smile, happieness comes to us.
He told me his father just passed away due to a heart attact.
But it's quite shocking because his father was quite healty.
In fact, I don't know wherther or not he is my boyfriend.
I've been thinking that I realy want to go everywhere in the world.
Because, when I watch movies about Victoria in Canada, I'm always stunned by the pictures of huge forests and high criffs and the views from the top of the famous mountain.
One tourist wants to watch Japanese Cosplayers on Harajuku streeto, another wants to be a Ninja.
I do not know what should I say, and as you can see, I am not good at Engllish.
I like wathing movies and TV shows. It's the reason I want to learn English.
My husbund and I visited his parent's house yesterday.
During occured talk I got shocked.
In Decenber 2009, I've quited the job.
Expecially, I like to smell the cold dust near nightfall.
borrowing custumes
I often feel lonly and bored though there still a lot of things I should do.
Naritasan is a famous temple in Japsn.
Ther was TV program on about pyramidz.
I found TV programs about piramid on the last day of last year too.
I wandrer why there are so many about piramid on new year's days in Japan.
But, as I watched them, I gradually bacame interested in piramid!
Some day, I wanna (want to) go to Egypt and enter a piramid!
Once more sad Middle Auturm!
Anyway, children will be sad if they will not be able to go out to join a lanters parade.
I know some people who really don't like Polish bands and singers because they say that Polish music isn't as goog as music from the USA or other countries.
So, I know how much it costs and its consentration.
I walk 20 minites to go to school.
Several years ago, a famous mathematician named Arnold refused to enter the Pope's academy because the people there did not justify (?) Jordano Bruno.
I am going to go to Iwate tonight to see my grondmother.
So I must ride shinkansen altough a Shinkansen ticket is twice as expensive as a bus '...
I have to memorize many chords and pratice for a long time.
The size is smaller than guiter and the guitar has 6 strings,
playing it is easer than guitar.
Right now, I am praticing ``Somewhere Over the raindow``.
However, I have to install the applications I installed on the last version AGAGIN, because the initialization was necessary for me to upgrade Proyo version.
I'm taking a correspondence course in pedagagy,
I'm so sorry to break my promise. I promised that I'll keep a diary to improve my wrting skills. But every day I think to myself that I'm too busy to keep it.
Tomorrow do it, ok? Then I dindn't do it when tomorrow comes. Yes, I know I shouldn't delay what I should do tomorrow. But I can't obey it, It's strange. I really want to improve my english. And I know the way to improve English in my mind. But I don't follow it. So sometimes I hate myself. Why don't you do it? Why do you delay it to tomorrow? Why?
You can't do things like Aya. you prmise you will do like the way Aya does. but you break it. it's so terrible. But I don't know why I can't. Every day I want to be better. I study hard to catch up with my calssmates, I think that they are really great. I must study hard to overtake them. and I do it im my own way. Every day I study English untill about 12 o 'clock.
I review my subject. I do lessons carefully. I hope I can catch up with them through my hard work. I know it can't be callde ``hard``, in another's mind, it's a ordinary life, can't be callde ``hard``. As for me, I think so, but if I stay up too late, I'll feel too lethargic to have lessons. It's my weakness as well as laziness.
Second, the governmewnt should take
Japanese twin sisters are roll playing MAIKO with a univercity student.
I am attrcted by MAIKO.
Try to sarch ``NHK-DANDAN`` in the internet!!
Her daughter is going to start kindergarden this April.
somebody wrote that this website almost has Japanese as the mother tongue laguage and
I think I could not get to sleep. because I feel so excting.
It's expensive but usefull for me.
SUBWAY-sandwitch
I always order Subway's dayly recommendation.
Yesterday, I ate a BLT sandwitch.
One reason that I like to eat sandwitches is I can eat vegetables.
Recommenndation of today is ``Avocado Veggie``.
I thought I could study hard in my dormitoty, however I was overconfident.
com is still undergoing maintencance.
I decided to unionize with the others to show our attitude that we won't aceept it!
Today I talked with my best friend, and she said thath her mother is sick.
I'm impressed by his belife and I hope the Prime Minister of Japan has
I want to visite Bhutan one day.
In China, parents always treat boys better than girls. Also, I'm smarter than her, so I gian more attention from our relatives.
I cried out: how could you say that? you mean I just help you because I want something from you? okey, you tell me, what should I ask from you? I wish you can get me a girlfriend? or, or wish you can marry me?
My sister totelly drives me crazy...
My parents and I just confussed about what's happening to her, and what can we do for her.
She feels longly and homeless.
These days/ Recently, I'm redading a book called ``Small Steps`` wrirtten by Louis Sachar in English.
To some extent, experience can be said as a custom or behavior that was formed in past days, and can give you ability to know what to do when the case is different from what exists in textbook.
Recently, I feel conttantly irritated.
When I see people who are very ill-mannered in the street, I cannot help but get angly.
I feel very relieaved when I communicate with you on Lang 8.
I enjoy holydays ~
I'm reluxing on the holydays from 8/ 13.
Today I'm going to clean my room, loundry, washing the deshes and so on.
So, I'll do these things on my holydays first.
My sonsin is sick and I think I am going to be sick too.
I am a univercity student.
So I gose to baseball stadiums at least once a year.
Later he is going to show this pickture to his friend and say you are his girlfriend.
Filally I agreed to do it.
So at this period, I don't have enough tme to administrate my blog.
Coundry Living
At the time, I couldn't understand English well; I just enjoyed looking at the colored pages without reading the articles in English.
She did not study hard and endded up as a maid too.
I'm sorry for the person who replied to my writting.
After I saw your writting, and tried to see it again,
If you see my writting again, feel free to mail me.
but useally I don't have to write in English.
I don't think that I can say, ``I livd in England,`` as the first sentence of a speech.
After that, I moved to the living room and called police but, at the same time, he cames in to my house.
The police was asking me for my adress, as he keeps coming closer and croser to me.
I put the telephone receiver on a table because I thoght the police could get my adress with their tecnology.
He cames into the living room.
I attacked him again and again untill he couldn't stand up.
hallo! Everyone:)
I want to study English little by litlle so that I can go study abroad to in the future.
The Ueno zoo was fomous for having giant pandas for a long time.
Especialy Indian movies.
becuase I wasn't sure about a few of the questioons, I guessed.
My out-patients couldn't rearch the hospital due to stormy weather.
It's so beautiful and. wondaful.
Fact: I attended a trainnng session for running.
It said that scientists have found a new species of spider wich is able to spin webs about 25 meters long!
I don't think I'll ever go to Madagascar for a hollidays...
There're common sence that It's difficult to memorize vocabulary and there're too many thing to memorize.
I don't known what happend to her.
She often graspde/ rubbed her ears.
It trubled me.
It would be very effective if your working atomosphere is like a English speaking country.
Name your dog or cat, Jack, David, Alice or Cartherine.
Hia teacher is an American who stayed in Japan more than 6 years and is learning Japanese. He likes Sumo and he belongs to a Sumo club where he must speak Japanese, because all the members are Japaneese, he said.
Some Japanese are excellent teachers who can teach you good English and their grammer knowledge is marvelous.
Hi, everuone:)
But the article I read was critisizing this movie because it is historically wrong and Pocahontas is too sexy:(And that this wrong image will affect the thoughts of children too much.
In the article, this kind of thing is written: ``this story is like Anne Frank falling in love with a Nazi ofiicer.`` It means that this kind of love can never happen between a new settler from England and a Native American.
I want to study languages by chatting with people on my computer and I serached for a website like that.
'Maria' wanted an option of replying to comments to be implemented, with which I strongly agreed, and she encouraged us to use 'native nod' function more to confrim the other natives 'correction would be beright or fair.
Maybe all we want is to make this wonderful language-learinng site 'sustainable' in terms of funding or in terms of level of correction of any languages.
When I went out to the exit from the circle road crossing route19 and route1 in long beach, my car bumped a car which overpassed my car on the left side.
what is why, I migth go to phuket.
Because I think that they sang more earnestly about people's feelings than in comtemporary songs.
It was too difficlut.
I think taht Italia has many home-loving people.
I realized there was an increase of foreigners from various coutry.
I really love a multi-cultural and chaotic enviroment!
the main avenu is srrounded by many anime signboards, which are huge and crazy (as many reasons..).
and illigal merchants were selling illigal software or erectric goods to pedestrians.
Becouse, We have to do practice and more.
I want to obtaine a driving license soon.
Mexico is just as beutiful as Canada.
My town is as big as Calgy.
Mexico is not nerly as big as Canada.
I don't like the bus becouse the bus is very crowded.
If I can't find a seat, I have to stand for fourty minutes.
The grammar in these two languages is pretty simmilar, though.
If there are any affixed decorations (for example, banboo leaves), you should hide the small bone with it.
However, I only have a few imformation about Mexico.
If you have been there before (even if you have never been there, but you are familiar with Mexico), please let me know which places I shold go to.
and foriner. haha
My dream is to go and live in another country and marry a foreiner.
Finally I am wrting a letter to you that I hope you will like.
grandfater, I love you..
But I left my work for parentally leave.
The concert thema is the Final Fantasy game series.
Today I saw an article that if express tolls become free, many pepole will use cars, and as a result the theat greenhouse gas emissions will increase.
I don't think it's smart to waste the commutin time.
But, I'll be larning English on Lang-8.
It's a very excting spot for Ghibli fans.
Today was was very ivent!
this is my frist time writing something in here.
I am restarting this bolg.
The main purpose of this trip was to attend a wedding celemony.
Because sometimes Japanese wedding celemony are really long and boring.
On the way, I am really scared if I can't explain why I didn't ntice the valid period of the pass which depends whether I can keep on staying in Singapore and study.
Bu lucily at last, after 5 hours of waiting I spoke to the counter staff.
I am a software enginner.
Somehow a lot of sofware enginner like animation compared to people with other occupations.
I expalined my patent to them.
I noticed that the American culture is very diffrent from that of Japanese.
I'm very very suprised, and I have to study the culture of other countries more and more, especially Australia's.
It was tasty, though I fogot the name of it.
but I like everyoone so much.
I went to Germany for bussiness last weekend.
I ate sarami, it is very good.
I am looking forword to drinking it!
Strangely, I think that Koreans bear a resemblance to Isreali because they share the same passion and temperament.
How misterious and marvelous things God will do!
I called why the notice is not announced, and they said that it was delaied to next week.
There are a few visotors and huge, about a meter of snow.
I got into a blkes
It was preasant to rige on my bike.
I rode on a bike as a child so I still ride on a bike even after I become an adlut.
I have got to be carefull so I'll never break the speed limit.
Today the wind is really storong.
My collegue, who come to our clinic by bycycle, said that it was really tough to pump the pedals because of the oncomming wind, and that it took twice as long for him to arrive here than normal. He saw some people fall off on the road.
This is sometimes dangerous because in the day when the wind is storong, we have more patients who break ther bones.
The purposr of doing that is to enhance my English skill.
I want to get other people to understand my English. unfortunatelly, I cannot step in because everybody else changes a certain topic too quickly with smooth English.
Jizo holds a staff in his right hand and a wish-fulfilling jewery box in his left hand.
Thank you for understanding my situation and please don't be offense if I cannot provide you with my Skype ID.
The photo studio brought me these nega..
btw today I worked at the cram school and it was my last calss.
Anyway after I made a leson as usual, I started to give the students some advice like 'just be hoest about what you want to do when the time comes to think about clleage'; 'please don't lose your pottential'; 'do not be afraid to take on a challenge and make a goal to motivate you'; and 'please study what you are interested in and enjoy developing your knowledge'. Because many japanese students including me study just for collleages.
Although they still don't know what they wanna be or what they can do, they have to decide what their major will be beforehand. But I think that's rideculous.
After I entered coulleage, I found out many things that I should have noticed when I was in high school.
The reason for my studing English
In fact, we are very worried about it, because if we fail in this exam, oue parents will feel very disappointed, and we will feel very ashamed in our classes.
It's going to be a very spontanious trip!
So, I have to learn something new to do during long hoidays.
My sister was good at the Flash MX Proessnal. And she gave me the
So, I feel nervos.
I ate a croquette of crub cream curry.
I love croquette of crub cream ^ ^
Rtythm games are similiar to learning languages because both of them require so much time, persistence, and unceasing effort.
This passege is mainly about the U.
And I belive that without challenge there can be no self-respect.
veryone would like to have it, and at the same time is afraid of losing it.
That was a wondeful sunny day!
Luckly, I was able to get many previous problems from my friend, and I solved about 300 problems before taking the test.
Fior instance, I was asked to find the mistake in this sentence: You shouldn't turn down an opportunity when you get one.
Tommorow is the first work day this year.
I hope my work in this year is successfull.
I've just startpoint my job-training.
Tday, I went to Cross Iron Mills!
A clush bag is a trend among young peple.
Gary is ild.
They are wroung.
I've been planing it recentry.
All the Chinese food even vesetables were too.
I tried to eat the food but It made my stomic upset.
It was three tims greasier than the Chinsese food in Korea.
Last year, the new ful (from pig) came here, too. (the swine flu)
But it is bad to touch our eyes and nozes, so it will protect from the virus on hands.
She and I were so excited and fureaking out!!
Story of two mice. Mee& Moo the mouce 02
Actualy, I have no idea how to get an ice cream.
Although private schools are still in the experimental stage and are much more expensive in comparision to public schools, there is no lack of application for the enrollment.
and the acter Eric Mobius.
After that, one of my friends wanted to play a shotting game.
I tought Facebook is a tool of communication for people all over the world.
She just stood outside the door untile her mother came home.
Have you ever eaten Japanese fast fastfood?
If you come to Japan, I encourage you to try eating Japanese fast fastfood.
The Yoshinoya is very famouse in japan.
Hapy birthday to my friend!!
7/ 5 was my friend's birthday, so our friends celeblated his birthday last weekend.
Today summer vication ends.
I was so happy during this holyday, I traveled outside the city.
I missd my friends very much, so I am ardent to see thm tomorrow.
I am going to study gramer next class.
I don't like gramer.
Now, I'm staying in Fiji becaouse I became student.
By the way, lately my English school's regidence was atacked by
It was so denjarous.
But abroad study campany still hasn't tolked about it to us.
So, every student thinks this campany cannot be trusted and it will be bankrupt in the near future.
So I am going to serch hard for another job from now on.
I want to know about recomended shops, the climate, places that I should visit and so on.
A week ago, I held a conference call with my manager and knew that the clients of new project are australians, so English skill is really important to communicate with cliens for new project.
I cooked eggplant-laced pan-fried noodles, boiled radish, and natto omelet.
So I hope thay you can help me with my English ~
It felt like my togue was burnning,
During third period, we have to practice chourus.
I wish to win the crown in the chourus competition next month.
I'm not strong in english grammatics, but I'm still studying...
pleasa help me!!
I've taken a bas everyday, but my feeling and scenery was different from everyday.
It is a preatty day in Bangkok.
I am going to have freakfast.
It was a preatty dream. If I saw her in Bangkok I wonder what my frist words would be.
I don't know but maybe I would hug her frist.
Despite this, I foun it's quite difficult to speak Englis well.
I planned to be awake in a few hors after my nap.
According to the e-mail, I made it to the finel!
The finel presentation will be held this Friday.
The templarature in Beijing is over 30 degrees.
Now the landlord of our office is going to break the contranct and kick us out because he wants to use the place by himself.
I'm really willing to learn French and English, but at that time I was starting to forget my Frech becasue in the other Canadian cities I didn't have to speak or write it for about 8 months.
It was AMAZING for me, because I was always dreamingn about the moment I could speak both languages very fleuntly.
Could you tell me What the dorama `s title is?
I had been exhasuted from all the stuff that I had to handle, so I thoght I needed a break aand this was the right time to take a break, even if I end up doing well and getting good grades this sememster.
The temple's quiet and calm environmentnd and my meditation may help me think more clearly.
Had quite an interesting tiscussion about routes and reason of fic-writing.
I junt found this site and I am a newbie here!
one of the important reasons why I study enlgish is that I'd like to communicate with other nice people from all over the world.
Although it is strange to talk to myself when I am lonly, I enjoy practising English this way.
I was so surprised that I have been asked to take a break from my current job on Thirsday since my poor performance at my job due to my body condition is not good.
I will seize this period of time as a vacation to recover my energ and ability.
Today, the typhoon privented me from going to school.
I can do houseword. Then my mather will be happy.
can't go to school untill Friday.
Be carefull, everybody!
I havn't gone to the sea and gone swimming yet so I really want to go!
Korean's big hoildays
Korean's big hoildays are coming up soon.
What am I going to do for the coming hoildays?
After thses holidays are over, it seems really gloomy because there are almost no holidays in 2009.
These days I keet losing money from the stock market, which always makes me feel like I got up on the wrong side of bed.
My friends said to me 'odajinii' and I was a little happy.
I read junp and magazines every week
B: Well, I understand what you are saying but I want to keep this cordial relationshio with you guys.
Anyway, you have a captivatig look.
Englisih is not easy...
I am studeing Englsih.
I went to an amateure rakugo meeting yesterday for the first time.
I like the chiken pies ^ ^
Sometimes I feel frastration about my computer skills.
I truly belive that.
I want to become a customer survice agent in an airport.
It was very interesting and inspirable for me because they seemed to enjoy their conversation and I could feel their energy, even though some of the sentences could use correcting.
Actually he can now speak Japanese more influently than before.
Now I'm following my acestors to be living where they had lived, therefore I'm going to the past.
(I know for me is the right answer but I just want to memorize wihtout understanding)
I went to Graymonth with my flatmate.
Testerday I went to the NBA game, Toronto Raptors vs Chicago Bulls.
My cellphone accidently rang warning me of to charge my phone's battery, that is also when I got a new idea.
``if you could, next time can we have tea in starbacks?``
Im goin to finish writin my graduation thesis soon.
Today, I'm goin to go out for a drink with my friend.
I try all the time to find an answer for the reason, I mean the most impoprtant reason we are here, on earth.
I asked myself, did I do what I should onearth, sending the good messages for my envirment by studying, then working and trying to help people....?
At the end, I felt even if I did and I am still doing this, I will never be satify with myself.
If I help people materially or mentally with what God gove and? still gives me (like money, health, knowledge...) I will never be at the top to thank God.
no, I try to get hapiness and not just pleasure.
I went to the hospital and the docter checked my temperature.
Today, I will start dialy in English.
I took the introduction to theater class this semster.
As you can see, this is an introductory course for theater, but it is still chalenging.
And next week, we will performe monologues in front of our classmates.
Details of the monologue assingment is that we have find books of monologues, and pick one to recite.
The exact performance day is next Wednwsday and Friday.
After I read it, she will explain deatails on how to performe the monologue in the class tomorrow, so I listened carefully tp improve mine.
I think I could do a good reheasal before the performance.
I like croqutte because it doesn't cost much (around 10-20 yen each) and croqutte with brown (worcesteershire) sauce is the best with a lot of beer.
I `m going to go to Australia in semptember
I am stll worried about it
We wirte a diary in English, read an English newspaper, read original booksin English, and study vocabulary together.
Thank you for your kindness and hospitarity.
I had not spoken English for a longtime, it was difficut to speak fluentry.
I think learning anothe language is like sports.
According to him, to keep your abity of playing basketall, you need practice everyday.
I don't work at the moment but I am going to look for a job, which I hopefly
To be honest, I don't hve any interest in soccer at all,
Well, I thougt as soon as possible meaned just a few days.
Rakhmaninov's ``The Bells of Moscow`` is difficult music for the figure skating, and maybe for the judges, I think.
I love this weather because it is like apring!
I hope to gain new knowladge!
I found it just now whilw I was using another site to learn English.
What a splended site!
The only things I know about him are that he is marriaged and had a baby recently.
So I boutgut two sets of coffee cups-Pink and Blue for him and his wife:)
When I got home, I checkd the word with my dectionaly.
By the way, the reason why I mentioned abot movie theaters above is because I will write an essay about the construction of movie theaters.
First of all, I agree that constructiong movie theaters is necessary.
I wil upload the cat's pics someday.
I want to be a member of lang-8, so allow me to introuduce myself, I'm Hill from Mainland China.
I have writen a love letter (But I'm not sure) for the principal when I was a kindergartner.
I've had no chance to play with kids resently, so
Becouse I have exams untill next Wednesday.
That is because foreign people can't come this univ if they do not have much money and considering the living standard of Chinese people, ordinaly could not come.
However, many Japanese people, including myself, have several complicated feelings concerning Chinese people, because the Chinese response to Japan is unacceptable to the Japanses mind. Of couse this does not apply to all Japanese people; but it is a pity that some of them it does actually apply to some of them.
Therefore I will end my commmet.
addiditonally, I have to cut and cut (all the ingredients) to eat.
Terefore, I want to let univ.
If I take part in such an activity, I can contribute largely to students and their parents concering their meals.
My rome is very hot right now!
I thoght that my accident was awful, but I appriciated my friend's kindness.
Playing guitar is interesting, althought it's a bit hard, I think I can have fun from it.
Suprisingly, my guitar teacher is younger than me, and he said that there is a seven-year-old child playing guitar well on Youtube.
He said if you pratce hard, you will also play guita well.
What is the most inportant characterastic to being a good teacher?
The unuversity is the most famous shool in Shanghai.
There, I made freinds with one Shanghainese girl.
First of all I'm going to lose 5kg of my weight without demaging my health.
I will neither skip a meal to become thin, nor do sports exaggratedly.
The same happend when I skipped meals.
Yesturday, itturned out he had been sending it to ``big' r 'obe.
Travel to sinapore.
Theycan get to choose their last meal.
She said, ``Many citezn thouht some judements were unfair.
How do you want to be procucceted?
I am going to pet shop becouse I want to get her some clothes
last week, I was there as a substitue.
I may get tir in the middle of the game.
then, I felf I need to improve my English more and more.
I have (basically) been starvining myself for an upcoming examination...
When I study for a long time (especialy subujects which I'm not interested in), I become a bit crazy...
If peaple look at me, they will (quickly) look away...
We talked about the examination like I thought we would... while having dinner...... though we all really wanted to change the subjuct..
It is writen in English!
So, in my opinion, the economy gives us a kind of grammer to recognize the environment around us in a new light.
After all, meeting strangers means facing the unknows.
And it's human nature to feel a bit uncomfortable about the unknow.
Most of our fears about dealing with new people come from doubts about ourselvse.
because it is defficult to put on.
It makes me creay, because I will feel very tired when I am busy with my work, I want to take a break, but my colleage ask me to do something important.
But I can't, nor can I talk about this with my friends, they will think I am creay.
But what I am doing now has nothing to do with English, and it is in cotrast with my aims.
I don't know how to hang on here, but it also very difficult for me to change another job, because the high cost of living in Shnaghai.
I am a little afraid of this kind of thing, because I don't want to ask my partents for money, because it is hard for them.
Please correct my writing from now on and engage in conversate with me.
Also, what kind of materials should I study that will allow me to speak out or verbalize more complex ocabularies?
But, because I have never been to other conturies, I am a little worried (Past tense)
One imortant reason is that my birthday is on the 9th October.
I went to practice bollroom dancing for the first time in two months.
The Teacher's eaplanation was always precise, and it was easy to understand.
Lomg time no see everyone!!
Though we promised to meet at Kichijoji stationon on September 29, he could not get on the right station.
In Japan we call America, Canada, France and England the four main contries.
Thisfamous story dipicts well how large Inokashira park is.
However the girl didn't stop standing on the boat and finally, she was scolded by the superviser lol.
The master repled ``none.``
Unfortunatly, they had no money so we went to a cheap one.
But they were hopehully satisfied with my translation.
I did streach my body fully before the class and it helped me follow the moves easily.
nunance, implication and connetation, ect.
In addintion, I'm curious about 'would have p.
How differant is it...
Korean English teachers taught me incorrect grammer in my school.
I believe you homest.
How differant is the nuance of these sentances?
If you are interested in Korea, korea language, culture or singers, I will help you,
Would it require an addictional fee?
I persented yesterday, but the presentation did not go well.
I can't recogonize what the questioner was saying.
I was shoked!!!!!!!!!!!!
I talkd so much on Saturday because I joined my friends 'bridal party.
I would like to know if I have written it/ this correcrly.
Hi!!! Now, I'm studing ``Media History of Japan`` at my college.
My other lenguage
In Spain, Spanish is the oficial lenguage but there is also Galician, Basque and Catalan. These three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country. I have the chance to speak all 3 of them. (?) As for Catalan, it is a romantic language derived from Latin and is spoken in Catalonia. (Levante is in the area of Valencia, the Balearic Islands, Andorra is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France, and some in an Italian city called Alghero, is the 75 most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak.)???
I cut my hair for the first time since I came to Austraria
My favolite hair style is short hair!!!
so my schedule is very flexiable.
I would be greatful if you let me know when would be
I'm a menber of Track and field club.
Fortunately, I could avoid that and I've beeen working as an teacher in a high school.
Is realy hard write here everyday when you have a endless routine.
And I thought the only thing that made us feel a little unhappy is that the serving fee is 10% of the price, even higher that the GST (the Tax), which they didn't meantion outside the restaurant.
Super robbot Wars L
This is tha latest in this serize.
Today, I restered on the web site, and then added friends.
The main materia inside the cabin is leather and aluminum.
I came to take an interest in it because when I'm reading Japanese journals that male native English speakers wrote, I ocassionally come across feminine speech and I've had a feeling of uncertainty about feminine speech in English.
Todya, I'm in a bad condition.
I bought a bottle of watter first thing when I arrived.
I felt good working because my friendly calleague were just seated next to me.
Shewent to China adn studied there for 4 years.
The researcher, however, argures that it is no problem because it is not clear that carbon dioxide causes global warming.
The restaurant is one of the most delicious creparie in Paris.
At last, T (t) he Summer Vacation is coming up tomorow (r) ow.
My Pregnunt Friend
She is pregnunt now.
Touhoku has a lot of beautiful nature but the nunmber of historical tourist attractions is less than other areas because it used to be the barbarian area in this country.
Ritht now everybody greets me like this.
LOL In addition, I've considered my plans to improve my listening ability: listening to some CDs for TOEIC or Western music carefully and confirming those lylics (As far as the latter goes, I think it's kinda meaningless though LOL) Actually, I came to know my big weakpoint in English.
Is reading nobels or magazines best?
I cannot get to sleep until 1 o 'clock in the moring.
Watching two episodes of FRIENDS before sleep is my hobit now.
So after all, it is 1 o 'clock in the moring.
She invited me to a restrant and we talked for a long time.
After gratuating from university, the rest is beautiful when we remembered the past between classmates.
This was my frist time making a cheese cake ~
Therefore, I could enjoy driving while admiring the beautifle view of nature.
We could go out to eat delisious Japanese kaiseki, which is a set of Japanese food, becaue my grand father was pleased that we visited his hous, so he celebrated our visit and the new year by treating us to kaiseki.
I'd like to get well soon, because I'm going to go to Ausyralia on Sunday.
I probablly understand Past Perfect Continuous which I mentioned in the latest diary:D Thank you everyone:D
I don't think I could live in the room where someone was killed or committed suicide and nowadays appears on full fullmoon nights:)
There were Mexican vampires, El Muerte, Retablo, Santa Muerte, Mexican holydays...
It's convinient to use, but when I turn on the heater, (the air in) my room is becomes dry.
I think it's the biginning of a cold> <!
So I'm hanging out a lot of wet towels in my room for my thrat, because I don't have a humidifier.
I entered into a Japan masters swimming commpetition.
Ten years ago, I was in my second year of unicersity.
I dindn't have a exact address.
I rememeber when an English teacher who came from American said that Korean emotions are affected a lot by the weather.
I was really surprised because my feeling is often changed by weahter, too.
I'm a bigginer in english
The house was increadible beautiful.
Heloween is popular with young people.
So when I feel ache on my back, I look at my addomen immediatly.
Oh, a litle part of the world.
Good sleep is very improtan for our health, especially for girl's skin.
If I mention Japanese Manga subculture, and how it is gradually spreading wirldwide nowadays, I can give a basic outline for Manga fans.
Like for kindergarten boys, kindergarten girls, young teen boys, highteen girls, men who golf, for gamblers, for marhjan fans etc.
All manga is able to be clearly devide into two family trees. One belonging to men `s culture and the other women` s culture.
Today is like yesterday and I think tomorrow will be ilke today as well.
I'm sick of the same rutine.
My husband told me about Buddhism meditation, and reccommended me to wish well on myself, on people who are close to me, on all living things, on others whom you dislike, and on others who dislike you.
do not hesistate to ask:)
At beginning, I thought we would barbece by ourselves.
I apperciated their hard-work so that we could have such
yammy food.
I diside to study English more/ harder.
If I wrote this sentence, I would plobably mistakenly use ``which`` or ``that``.
So many suggestions and advices were buzzing aroud my ears to tell me which way should be taken and which should be isolated.
I don't konw why the first letters cannot be auto-capitalized.
Welcome to correct my takes misktakes.
One of my favorite caractors in Greek myths is Hermes, the Romans call him Mercurius.
My littl finger got in my nose.
I saw it in the ketchen after that.
mayby somebody will help me?
Stomack Flu
But having found this site I dicided to start a diary here instead.
Now I am quite exhausted, but it's okay because I would have been dpressed (for nothing) if I had nothing to do today.
The day is Nayional Maritime Day.
Recently, I love looking at the National Geograpic site.
After few years I dicided to brush up my English.
I attempt to listen to English podcasts, and the radio every day (Maby you know some good radio stations with are lot of stories or interviews?) What's more, I bought a computer program.
In Japanese, however, it's totaly the opposite.
I really enjoued it!
I want to be able to speak English fruently.
Lately I like to watch ``The OC`` series dorama on DVD.
However, after comming to the US, I feel this is not true.
I'm translating some part of infographics book and can't say in russian ``mapped image`` or ``mapped picture``.
I have an example sentance:
I felf his love for her.
I visited sports shop to buy a belt bag for runnninng, which can hold a pet bottle.
Hoever, recently I've been reading some books ^ ^
I don't know the sistem of lang 8.
Yesterday my wife and I went to see Avatar, the 3D verson.
We didn't plan to see it in the first place, but after viewing so many recommandations and the high ratings people gave it online, we decided to give it a try.
Hope to see your letter or masege...
Are the governments grasping the serverity of it?
It is still hot in Japan dispite it being September.
Almost half of my time at school, I sturggle with Internet exlorer, not MS Word.
Today, the feneral for two Marines killed in Yonpyong-do was held.
I cried during the feneral.
Like bungie jumping and free fall.
Janpan's earhquake
I remeber thant I forgot to take a bath this morning.
I like harbs.
Many kinds of harbs are in my house.
Especially, he likes Tyme, Lemongrass and Chicory.
I sometimes use my harbs for cooking.
He sometaimes watches Japanise movies.
It's a holyday today.
Perticuraly when we crack jokes each other, we transcend the generation gap.
I understend a lot but my speaking is awful (?
When I was a high school student, I was always cocerned about the school uniform's somehow ugly style.
When I touch my uniform, I remember my teacher, my school life and all my efforts in that lovly high school.
I started to study English on Lnag-8.
I watch animetion every day.
Some parts of the aninemation I have watched few times.
I hope the animetion can come out again.
I understand myself, I lack some grammer and vocabraly.
However it's may be difficult for me to make my dream come ture, because I have a four month old baby...
Maybe it was a deram...
If he kept shotting in a normal way, he may never have caught a sheep.
There, he walked cheerfly.
Our country affected by huge natural disastute.
The aftershock contine now level 3or4.
I don't like scinece.
I want to meet her again and talk about things that had happend lately
I can incroduce myself here and we can make good friends.
Before I watched the class, I didn't know how a nursery was differnt from a kindergarten.
I want to talk in English with foreigners but I don't have an oppotunity like that.
So, I can't speak English with a foreinger.
There are many foreiger guest in Roppongi, I think.
Actually, I tought the beach was huge when I took a trip to Miami...
Well, I enjoed that time!
What a borring news!!
This is my fiest diary.
It is very cold, thougt today's weather is fine.
From Fumi in Nara, strugging with my final thesis ^ 0 ^
He went there with almost no English skills and he also didn't have money except for the scool fees for the university.
The lessons are one-on-one, and the teatcher is a very intelligent person, not to mention an exellent player.
My colloborator from Chine puts a lot of pressure on me.
Please let me know the rasism that your country has.
Speaking of ``sakuramochi``, Japanese traditional sweets, there are 2 diffrent types:
I feel lonely, but, next month, we will enjoy beautifull wisterias in Nara.
hai, are you still awake?
I need your help to improve my vacab. So if you have any good suggestions on how I can improve my English, please let me know.
In the morning, there were lots of gray clouds. They put me in a bad mood.
We stayed under one umbrella and talked, laughted, and did different, funny things.
I luve live in Taiwan. Currently I am searching for a new job while learning English and Japenese.
My interests are reading and listening to music; I like to read novels and comic books, and enjoying listening to Vocalid songs.
It's not my first time writing an entry in Leng-8, as I've worte in Japenese before.
I love jogging, I used to have this habit, but sundely I stopped.
It's fun, especialy to me, because I don't like to exercise myself in the gyn.
It's too crownd, I don't like the music, and I alway have a excuse not to go.
I'm working realy hard because I'm going to travel on June 28th, this summer, and there my aunt works with models, this boders me a little.
I'm trying to use words that I usualy never use.
SAD PS: My guitare was broken last week quite badly. I'm still waiting for the luthier to fix it, but it seems that he is taking his time.
Recently in Japan, animation dance is becoming more and more popular among young people becouse of a dance team. Their name is Hamutsun Serve.
Furthermore, even when someone has a good command of a certain foreing language, if he or she has no absolute idea about the culture of the other person who is speaking, it will affect their conversation.
I went to the Abercrombil& Fitch to buy clothes.
Then, I reserched this song's infomation.
It is just a tweet in the early hours of the moening...
I found this web-site in Nikki's daily newspapper.
I know, freedom is realy good thing.
I have to read a lot of documentation, comment's from programm code.
It's realy amazing
Sometinmes, I want to try to apply to be admissioned by some American school, but I know, I won't accept it if I don't study hard!
This year one won't be able to see the fireworks show. The municipality (Edogawa ward) has dicided to refrain from holding the event because they feel it would be insensitive to (the) victims of the 3/ 11 disaster (the huge earthquake and tsunami that hit northeastern Japan).
For several weeks after the disaster, some people accesed ones who were enjoying joyful occasions by saying ``That's unscrupulous behavior`` or ``You should refrain from such activities.``
These sentenses are correct?
The luckist man in the world, Steven Bradbury, took the gold medal in the Salt Lake City Olympics on 2002/ 2/ 16.
I'm so exhausted becuase I worked out for 2 hours.
Even thogh I don't have any energy left now, I feel much better.
I asked a shop girl if she can try to find the Leggins in other UNIQLO shops around Tokyo Ikebukuro area. She phoned many shops, but the result was the same.
I highly recommand you all to use a bluetooth keyboard.
Did anyone whached the news about the earthquake in New Zealand?
Yesterday, Christchurch had a big earthquake. At lunch time, our teacher told us Christchurch had a earthchurch which is level 6. 5. When I came back home, I watched TV, I heard that about 65 people died. Now, that's amazing, I hope that people who live in Christchurch can be better.
In concusion, these are the reasons why I think the Internet, mobile phones, and the development of the medical technology are the main inventions and innovations in the twentieth century.
There is no judgement, no confradiction and nagative talk and we sometimes can teach each other something we know.
I don't have a lot of friends but I do have a few close friends. I know they have their own themseives however ther are helping me improve.
I want to write English very well. I want to speak it very welll too.
My mother is a nurse whose job is to care for hadicap people. Her hospital has a school, car, and bus for them.
But, in the country I am living in now, many handicap people use the pablic bus, which have a lift for wheel chairs (it's cool!!!) and some blind people go to college!!!
They can work whthout hiding thier identity, and the class-mates talk to them as a one of their friends.
Most of my friends will choose coporate life.
studing overseas would also take almost all of the money I have, and I would need to sell my apartment which my parents bought for me.
It is so hard to make this decesion.
I hope verything is fine with my friends.
If nobody wonts to correct my notes.
It took me about 10 years before I lerned English.
As a Japanese, I also worry about TOYOTA's probrem and situation.
I'm looking forward in prepere the school's festival.
such as Germa, French, Korean and so on.
He has gotten a girlfriend recentry.
I felt so lonry.
I volunteered at the univercity last Saturday.
the parents of first year students come to the campas.
the campus tour was so popular, we incleased tours.
It took more time than re-installment.
damm.
``You will be here in 5 munites' time ``.
Does ``in 5 munites' time ``mean within 5 minutes?
on an early mornig
he chased me and then he finaly stopped after a few moments.
Begause we can operate it by putting our fingers on the screen.
I still can't bilieve it...
But today, I found on the interenet that the U.
K youth moility scheme was already full by 19-Jan-10!
I feel also this cetntury's moving very fast.
So I definately recommed that everyone comes to Seattle to study English!!
For that reason, multiculture is a big advantage of the tourism industry and this can contribute to the development of the whole society in general.
I have had some frusutation in my office.
Hellow everyone, my name is nakasan.
I want to spaek English.
Yesterday, I went to Toukyo Art museum.
The museum features [Stadio Ghibli] now.
[Stadio Ghibli] is a Japanese animation company.
I heard Napoleon Bonaparte was a short sreeper.
I'm embarrasshed//
The day after tomorrow, I'm going to move out from the currnt place to new place!
I can't belive this many things are here.
Because I'm taller than avarage for Japan and my shoe size is bigger.
Have you ever heard about the Winner winner chicken dinner? It is an old American motto with long histroy. OK, let me tell you something about it.
It is said that in the 19 centry in american, Las Vegas had already become a fairly famous place where rich and wealthy people spend their money.
At that time, there were few casinos there but each of them provided good service for custorms to enjoy ther time there.
At firt the custormers mostly consist of the rich and famous people, but as time goes by, the economy got better, so it brought more typical people without fame or a high place in society to Vegas to try their luky.
At that time, almost every casino brought out a new service in which the custorms were able to buy a kind of dinner with chicken and some meat in it.
That was such a cheap choice for most players, so it gruadtully become an American motto: Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!
Now I am looking for a new opportunity, espeically in a foreign company.
Please check this text for me, ergent
We have Chinese people who can speak Itailian, English, and germany..
Reacently my opportunities for sleep have become short because my work schedule is too full and
Actually, I got merried and have been here for a year.
I usuall use broken english when I talk with American or other people, but it's enough to be able to communicate.
Life in a forign country is hard.
Lost (my favorite) is about the survivors of an airplane accident that crashes on the beach of a misterious tropical island.
The survivors try to escape from the island where amazing things can happen; for expample: people are healed from illness, there are polar bear attacks and a smoke monster that kills people.
I hope you'll help me brush up my Enlish.
White day is a very happy day for somone who has a boyfriend or girlfriend.
And they give presant, such as candy or red-roses.
Aside from the chimps, Rideing them seems to be fun,
First of all, most of our cities are very dense and our roads are very, very nallow.
Secondly, Japanese people are very health-consicous, so they tend to walk places, or ride their bikes.
I saw on the news on TV last night that the goverment and some of people in Thailand don't understand each other. The people who call themselves (red shirt) are protesting against the goverment because they don't like the Prime Minister. They want the Prime Minister to resign from the goverment.
We have had this problem for a long time, but last night something that we did not expect has happend
The goverment decited to stop the Red Shirts.
One of the people who died is a photograpy from Japan.
I am looking forward to know what the goverment will doin the future to make the improve the suitation.
and they can understand each other. I hope everything will be all right and that no one else will die in the furture.
Thank you for helpping me with my English long time to write my journal entry.
He didn't send any messages or emails during his absence, nor did he take the innitiative to talk to me after coming back.
While having lunch with my junior colleaque at a pub, I saw the selected design for the 2nd phase of the Yongjong passenger terminal on a newspaper, and I was almost stunned by their reckless design scheme choice.
There are very beautiful flowors in Japan during the spring.
I am still a student, and my major is Internation trade, Oh, I forgot, I'm a freshman. To make friends is to improve my spoken english level, so, hurry up, plesae help me, let's work hard!
Whatever your dream is-studying abroad, working in another culture, communicating with friends from other contries-it will come true with your little but continuous effort.
They fought bravely against Japan and died for indepence.
So I bought a white watch for myeself and a pink one for her because my estimate was 2000 ~ 3000 yen.
I went to a golf practice center and enjoied golf.
I've found that lots of how-to books on developping I-phone applications have been released.
I don't know it is ture or not.
He konws there.
I hav got the entrance exam today!
Subhects are math, Japanese, English.
It's not difficult but I maed mistakes, OMG
I hav to study still!
The Japanese govenment decided to start an English education program at public elementary schools in Japan starting in 2011.
It creats a big mess for homeroom teachers.
The govenment is ordering teachers to teach English by themselves without any training in how to teach English to kids.
That is, the govenment throws things at each elementary school.
It's on a first-come-first-served basis but capmer should come with an open mind.
+) I have one question... Where do you usually get your travel infromations?
I want to make a lot of friends throgh this Lang-8.
I'm going to practise my English conversation though skyp.
I like it becouse I never had it before.
I used to have long black hair with my bangs aparted.
Being a millionare, the presendent of the world, a super hero, a famous actor or traveling all over the world might be part of our dreams when we were kids.
Losting the passions we once had, now we pursue a common life, simple and stable.
I saw an eclipse this morming.
We Japanese tend to gather and drink when we feel sad, stressed or unhappy, the typical example of which is a ``compaining drinking session`` after work.
Normally, a couple of colleagues gather together and drink, complaing about their superiors after 5.
The same thing can be said at the end of the year, taht is, most of us would want to forget sad and unhappy events of that year while drinking with a couple of friends or a couple of colleagues, etc, etc....
Godness.
I prefer Q and A sessious report writing, because report writing is very difficult. I have to write the report in a specific style, for example, each sentence has to end with the same inflection.
For my presentation, I will talk about my research for six minutes, and afterwards there will be a Q and A sessious.
Yestarday I was not working at my second workplace, because the rules allow me to have one day for rest.
For now I will just have to study English harder in Jpan. (^ ^)/\ (^ ^)
But my bank account still shows a double devit.
Althoughn I have the chance to take the test but I do not have enough confidence and always consider that I won't pass the CET-4.
I just found this good place wich may help me to improve my English capability.
It is freezy cold today.
Three of us, including the taxi driver, were so embarrased that we said nothing for a while.
So, we just had the Gay (Pride?) Parade, which is one of the gratest paredes in the world.
In particulaly, biology and chemistry.
My ielts has passde 5. 5 two years ago.
I'm fine with my classmates but some think studying in such a big group isnn't good for us, as it can distract us from our studies.
And furthemore it puts things in perspectiving.
And you must to know a foreingh language very well in order to be understood.
On the other hand, education in your own country, for example, in Russia is very perspectiving too.
Russian, Literature, Physics, Chemestry, Chemestry extra and History..............
Yeasterday, I went to Shinjyuku to meet my friends.
I think my heearin skill has gone a liite up!!
There are no more than 5 people who can prononciate my name.
I have a cat, it is a gril.
It's verry good gadget for me.
I rented the second apisode of HullHouse.
But I was suprised when I went through the toolbooth.
Ithink people who normaly don't use this toolbooth will use it from today.
I have to be careful diriving tomorrow.
I've never been to such a place as the Rokies.
But I laid down without hunging them out!
Recently I haven't writen diaries for a few weeks but
I can get feed and other necessory things for free.
This is a thank you to all you kind people for your yourpatiences in correcting them.
It is natural that Japanese go to shrines when we need a peacefull mind.
I feel TOOOO BAAAAAD; [
I nerver thought about writing a journal in English.
you will get a speeding ticket in Japane.
you should drive by a speed of up to 40 kilometers to 60 kiromters.
If you drive on the road with many houses on eather side or by a shcool,
you need to follow that sighn.
Can you corroct my sentence?
I felt it was eerie and thought the national histerics were something like fascism when I was watching TV.
There will be the exhibition at my daughter's kindergrden tomorrow.
She brought the program from kindergarden last week.
My daughter is in the yougest grade so she made ``daruma`` and ``christmas trees``.
So, how do you guys study for learning your secongd lunguage?
my computer broke when I tried to start windows and instanling some software, if I had enough money, I would buy a latop, a toshiba one.
During my turn, the examiner just couldn't find the form for the examine next to me, and he looked like he was very busy, so he was not so strict when I was driving, and that made me get 100 points on my dirving exam!!
Sue: Parden?
I will call the others and tell them to get ready in advence.
Santa clous came to the party/ visited our party and gave me a present.
My teacher say/ said that Santa Clous is/ was majoring in engineering.
I hadn't a chance to say ``good bye to Santa clous, so my teacher will call him later.
Because Sant clous brings them gifts in that night.
Children are hopehull on the 24th night.
She has finally become accustomed to staying there just in the past cuple of weeks.
At fiest I was worried about her mental condition in the changing surroundings.
Thank you for readind!
Paragragh 1:
Intoduction: Travelers from other countries bring more advantages than problems.
Paragragh 2:
Paragragh 3:
Overseas tourists purchase surveniors they cannot purchase in their own country.
It brings a lot of intersts in the country.
Paparaph 4:
In couclusion:
Generally, it appears that there are more advantages than problmes.
I've been studing it since I was six, but in recent years, I haven't been able to practice it.
We had an all inclusive stay, meaning that we could eat and drink everytime for free:) Egypt is a very interesed country...
Kiss for Egypt:) Bye. See you tommorow.;)
The dauter thinks that roles should not be determined by gender but by personality.
Louse in ``Fat Girl`` is closer to the contemporary woman than to the American sife in ``Cat in ther Rain``.
``Cat in the Rain`` focuses on nuturing.
Unbelivble!
So my town is convinient located but it isn't too busy
Life will be defferent then.
I would like to improve since being fluent could help me in my futur career.
Even though I study englishI, I really want to write in English.
I am going to enter univercity come Feb. 26.
If whatI am writing is wrong, please corrct me.
Japan usualy hires the students as new workers until Spring.
American, Europian, Chinese, and so on...
One day, he happned to meet a pretty girl and fall in love with her in their childhood though he doesn't look young, and after a long time they meet for the first time and they are so passionately in love.
He had already lost 2 baibies because of famine, and now he had a new-born baby Pauro.
Pedro never forgot this promise, and he sent his son to school. Pauro wasn't a very good student, but he was a goos futball player, and when Pauro was 15, Pedro sent him to his Transport Workers club, where Pauro trained very hard.
When you open the card, you can see Santa Claus and a raindeer coming up to give Christmas presents.
For most of defenitions, thesefeatures are:
So the solution is reduced into a simple in theory: if yuo want to be successfull (happy, lucky, rich etc.), simply think that you are.
Woukd you please teach me this word?
Girs in Thailand were very beautiful and kind.
But my girlfriend fobad me to dateother girls.
2008. 11. 18 Tusday Sunny
My eyes were red and swellen, and I sneezed a lot and had a runny nose all the time.
By the way, I ate beaf bowl at lunch.
, I added too many red peppars.
Have you ever imagined your future lover seoriously?
Finally, I couldn't even shouw my smile in front of them, therefore I couldn't see their smile either.
I am extremly excited to hangout with them (who is them) as a friend or more than that even.
Morover, I found the hottest girl one week ago by accident.
Im really ashamed of the beheivior I've had so far.
If you are also trying to learn Madarine, it is good way
When I am very moved by some sceans, I get gooss bumps and I can't stop my tears.
Recently, I'm so busy preparing my resume for appling for jobs in Singapore...
Now, I'm trying to learn in this way in order to distinguish casual Englis from business English.
The first day was so crowded we couldn't cross the streat.
I enjoyed the weekend nights at hoom.
I think it's a great website because I can partice English here and I hope that I can help others to learn Chinese too.
Salt or Suger?
And I mistakenly used salt insted of sugar. + Oh no! +
I do not have one thougnt.
A lot of people are still missing or waiting to be rescured.
For many people, it's a very confortable temperature.
By the way, I don't heve a part-time job.
5 mounths of winter!
I only want wormth.
Because I have played badminton for fifve years.
So I can ues the computer.
I retern books.:)
Yesterday, I drank too much alcohal
Yesterday, I drank too much alcohal because of alumni
I called my mather, I thought if I could hear mother I feel good, but it's not ok.
I want to say, we heve to be able to distinguish between correct and incorrect information.
My day started at 10 a. m. I just went to kitchen, made some food (it was an omlet made from three eggs and some sausages) and I ate all of it.
And in that dream was britain comic Sasha Baron Cohen, Britney Spears and some other TV-stars.
My dreams are reaaly strange.
I was the leader of the international club for two years, and I aslo stueid aborad for a year.
Hi. Introdusing myself.
My teacher gave me advice to look at this site to practice my grammare and writting.
Next time I'm going to do a transletion of some parts of sume books or something like that.
Don't laugth at me!
After class, I have twe meetings with other teachers.
This is my frist time
But my spoken and writen English is so poor, that I am afraid open my mouth.
I don't have a foreign friend, and there is no freigners around me.
What if I speak English to my friends? That's so wierd.
Second, they may not konw what I mean sometimes, because my English is not good enough for them to understand.
But, she showed me how to cook it very carefuly, so it was very delisious!
Soak the fish, the onion and other vegetables in the sause.
If you have a recomendation for flowers, please let me know.
I had met a Phillipine girl who needs to learn Japanese.
Through teaching it, I could have noticed diffierences
I'm too entuhusiastic to fulfill my work plans recently.
But some clouds was hidding it.
She took me all over the resort and showed me a lot of Disney history and tought me a lot of Disney knowledge.
I think she is the most beautiful personwho who is alive today.
Free as a croud,
I learned a lot of things about shinto.
Before going through the Torii, we bow tword the main shrine.
Prists always say the most important thing is to respect the gods.
Don't warry about making misstakes.
If you cleanse your hands parffectly,
Japanese people will be serprised.
I don't believe in the existance of gods,
Anyway, it was a nevel (?) experience for me.
Next time, I wish that I could meet another beatiful actress by chance.
the story was about a mathematician who tried to prove Fermat's unproofed theory.
It tuen out that it's made from glutinous rice and powderd tapioka.
It tastes terrific and the textude is like that of a rice cake.
After that we had lunch togeter, we had udon (Japanese noodle)
Accoding to the Bus guide, there wer 2000 temples and shrines there.
We laughted together and played pes 2011.
It seems that there was not any diseaster in my life today,
so I closed it and logged on to the internet to realx...
When you speak Japnese, you will find that your
I have not gotten used to Japnese pronounciation until now.
It's the one of my favority sports.
But I couldn't do it. When I try to post it, I always recieve an error. Why???
How does everyone get cute pistures???
The striong wind was blowing and the rain was pouring.
she gave the world a moral exemple that bridged (the)
divedes of culture, class and religion.
I have to travel by plane on a businnes trip tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.
So I'm very concerned wheather I can come back to the Kanto area on Thursday.
I'm really nourvos becous I was not taught on how to use the registeration machine.
However, my corwarkers are very kind:)
it is so confortable to be with them:D
she said one more thing that if you had made a call this mornig you would get the whole fee
So I was little Luky.
I am not really a hard-working or dilligent student, I always join
in on some activitives in school rest time, such as dacing (Jazz), when I dacing, I feel happy.
so the Chiken's name is vons chicken.
Is it reallly good/ interesting?
My birthday is janualy 17th.
My family consists of 5 menbers.
My dream is to be a good busness person.
Becausem my family are not so rich.
Some people say (that) the placement of her features (eyes, nose, eyeblows and mouth) is perfect.
The story of the play is based on the dayly life of citizens of ``Edo`` (medieval Tokyo) or Osaka, usualy funny and sometimes moving.
Please tellme me if you have time!)
I thought that foreigh gods are very strange and interesting.
I changed my job at the bugining of this month.
Its been alomost a month.
where I work is confortable and the enviroment is just what I wanted.
So I decited to start studying English again.
I'm studying English so hard in order to go abroad and study English this Augst.
So, I've been atending English conversation classes since a year ago.
She has wounderful stories about her life and her ministres in the church.
Now, I i intnd to participate in an internship overseas next spring.
Also, some elderly peaple think, a cool body is bad for yourhealth.
When we think negatively about a lot of things, our mind can be filled with horor disbelief, anger, and other unproductive emotions.
Today, I discoverd this site while I was surfing the web.
I tkink I should drive more frequently.
Today I had a soy latte, egg toast, salad and yogult.
They had lots of stock, so they just wannaed sell them...
``Do you have any plans to get merried?``
My hundle is Sukesan1984.
On the menu was ``Sukiyaki`` (Japanese stlye beef and vegitable pot)
So I really feel greatfull for my friend!!
My command of English isnn't very good.
Sometimes, millionior give money to society, which is then useit to make a better place to live (in).
Even though we use the barter mechinsm for the market economy, it is not true that people don't have the eagerness/ desire to own things.
Recentry, I don't take any medicine. In a case when the symptons are serious or continue on for days, I will.
prepar finaly chopped green onion, and grated ginger.
I've heard before that people in Australis eat a lot of soup when they have a cold.
Because Dazaifu-Tenmangu is a beatiful shrine.
When we are angry, not only can't we slove the problem very well, but we also make the conflict grow (or worsen).
The earchquake and tsunami are devastating, and suffering continues in northern Japan.
I traveled to Punom Pehn, Combodia last week.
bikers, taxi drivers, the staff of the guest house, a poor person said ``give me ur money``, and more...
This white cat has yellow eyes amd looks fat.
I enjoyed myself chatting all day long with my friends on cacaotok, which is a famous smart phone application, and also the most useful messanger in Korea called NateOn.
Children should be given guidance when watching TV due to foul language, and objectionable/ abscene scenes.
English is not good becouse I can't use English fluently.
tasks given to me are not int (re) intresting,. They are boring.
Lotte Mart stopped selling Tong Kun chiken because of pressure from public opinion.
Tong Kun chiken was released at the incredible price of 5000 won.
Actually, this is a naturall process as the company becomes larger.
That's why there's conflict between the two intrest groups.
The second issue is the conflice between the small scale sellers right to live and the consumers right to choose.
Some groups who represent the rights and intrests of small scale sellers argued that Lotte Mart sold chikens unfairly in spite of the deficit.
Regardless of whether sth sis true, it is natural for consumers to choose cheapper and higher quality prodect.
The third issue is the properiety of the comment by Mr Jung, a top politician in Cheongwadae.
But I can 't do anything now. I can only do one thing, which is prastic my dance seriously and I hope I can get rid of my stiff dance step and not tear my trousers, so that my poor family will be proud of me.
I'm wondering what this santance means.
``Buill said you were in charge of real estate.
They are outstanding, kind and always willing to assit in my homework and reports.
Actually I mean I'm happy because I can write here freely without warry about people laughing at me.
I want to speak English more comfotably
Every begining of classes, I get too much nervous.
They were so delisious!!
But still It showed increase in performence.
I used this cart so I should return it over overthere ``.
She answered ``It's their jods``.
I'm looking forward to talking with new frend from all around the world.
Japanese TV broadcasting will be changed to degital after July 2011 and TV prices are lower these days.
I am very satisied.
About Paper media graphoc design
a French friend tald me:
I serch the correst recipe, the main crux is eggs temperature and setting oven time.
In time, he rose to the position of a head agent soon after his appointment to Heiti on a mission.
No one suspected the Colonel until he was caught when he was trying to sneak nto a confidential room of the Pentagon which he had no access to enter.
Yesterday, I was very suruprised at the earthquake.
At the beginning of the shagking, we thought it must have finished as usual, but it continued for a few minutes.
My friend bought a backpad and a pair of slippers.
Also, I feel glad that I'm Japanese because many people know about Japanese culture such as the cortoon, and they are interested in Japan!
I often talk about Japanese anime and cortoon to them.
So, I want them to know another aspect of Japan, and I also want to know the cultuer of the other countries!
I cannot alseep so I have to wake up........ take my money go to bank. it is hot today. I hate to walk in the street.. coz make me sweat.. but I wanna...... save save money... for my plan.. great plan....
I got kicked.. I am the amdin but they deleted my ID..
2 years time gone to watse..... I worked for it everyday...
The number of paticipants was about 100.
So I (deside that) learn English every day, I (belive) that I will (get sccess) in (June).
hold on, I belive thati will pass english 4 examination f finadlly.
I'm sutuding English for an exam to enter a college.
The second exam will take place half a manth later.
This is a writen test.
Coulud you please help me with my writting?
I'm lokking forword to collecting my journal.
I hoped to go to the hot spring in the south town. (My country has a lot of hot springs around) But It dpends on weather from now on.
I should brance myself.
by the way, I wrote the difficult poety phrase in the first paragraph, so It took a lot of time to write that part.
I recieved an e-mail from someone who saw my profile at that website.
And I recepted his invitation.
I have learned that I should never use the webscam with strangers.
And I delited my profile instantly.
watashiwa nihongo benkyuo
anatano ie pasokan wa arimasu ka?
The purpose is studying English, especially speaking and listning.
They offer discounted prices on flights, accomadation, and car rentals.
6) and there are too many applications whose functionalities were extramely similiar,
Unwillingly, I wasted 2 days recovering the OS, removing some applications which were rarely used, cleaning and defragment the hard disks and regestries, and so on.
It is about 18 miters high and 12 miters wide.
my overall high school score was not that good for my orignally university selection, and although I didn't have a very big passion, it can't be helped that I choose the Korean history section.
but as I say, I was intersted in korea history.
my familly motto is that everthing is influenced by the heart.
When drivin my car, I plan the things I have to do today.
I don't hink I have any....
after that, I wanted to keep the class giong.
I think that my studnets was so suprised that a beautiful woman was belching..
waht do you think makes a respected teacher?
study hard, and symphathize with studnets by reading their mind.
at last, advice to lovely Chirwon highschool studnets.
at this time, yu don't have to be greedy, so they can find their own beauty, make impressing momory, and grow your self confident to challenge new things.
so I wish you become the most sparklest star in the world.
``the new day, the owner of the most sparklest star is just you.
That I was surprized and disappointed that many people said we don't have to help Japan because Japan pilaged us before.
(I know, these kind of people are olny a few and they never stand for all of us Koreans and Korea.
It's not gossip, it's a terible disaster that happened to human beings.
He lost his house and family, only thing he has niw is a life.
hellooooo everyone.
woow, I am so happy.
I slept for 14 hours. heeheheheh.
I downloaded a movie that I am very excitiying to watch.
imagine spending two and half days dawnloading movies; two of them.
So I had to go to the site where I oppend the movies.____ O
luckly, I found the movie on direct links.
It fit my toes and it was so confitibal.
I canged my shoses to Geta and went to my home.
Ito Yokado, one of the biggest super market chaign in Japan
I tried to study Spanish after I came back to Japan, but There's no lectere in my university and I didn't have enough time and money to spend for it.
I bought one easy book for biginer, but that's all what I did.
, I dicided to study it again recently!
I enjoy finding unique names and I imagine what kind of pople they are.
It means pig in Japanese, so I couldn `t confirn to her that she was Ms.
After I went to a cafe, and went to a shopping moal.
I got that at half plice;)
Of cource, most utilities and restaurants separete non-smoking area from smoking area.
So, there are a lot of people smoking on the atreets.
For example, very high tax is imposed on cigarettes, and smoking at public place is comletely prohibited.
Last night, my friends celeblate my birthday.
So I quess we should live our lives as happily as we can and let our government take care of the rest, pretty little citizens as we are.
I went hiking in the mountains with my friends and my sisiter.
althogh nowadays it takes only 45 minutes by car through the highway.
I piched those from the internet because My photes at the shrine were not very good for showing how it was there.
Next time I'll show my own photes.
What a pitty!
When entering into a boutique or facing a clerk over a casher counter in a supermarket, Japanse customers do not say hello to the clerks.
(They wanted to know where the bag was available, but they were dissapointed to hear that she bought it in Japan.)
I have heard she has many funs all over the world.
Jigisaw Puzzle of Mona Lisa
The man who drove the car was very rich, and he had been punished twice because of overspeed.
We swet, and felt healthy, fresh, and hungry.
We ate a humburger around midnight.
Our jogging didn't make sence.
This book is the second volumn of the series.
This book is also interesting, as much as the first one, but couldn't show the deep impression of the firtst one.
My name is Nasser and I am from Yemen. I work as a pharmacist and I need to study English becaouse I am going to travel abrode to study for my Master's Degree.
At this time I worek in Saudi Arabia, but realy I cant stand it here. There are many many mistakes in Saudi Arabian living. They're terrible in dealing with foreigners.
ect.
Am I wrong? I want to clarify our realationship.
I could enhance my relationshipo with my friends by using mixi.
Are you good at mathmatics??
I'm not BAD at mathmatics.
I mean, I can get a so-so scole on an exam.
For example, people who really understand mathmatics can get visualize things in their brain quickly when they are working with a trigonometric function.
Anyway I think when I study math I need a mathmatical way of thinking.
That is the fact that I need to take a mock exam tomorrow and I need to face that fact before thinkng about why I'm not a mathmatical person! xD hah
But whenever they speak with a pronounced accent, it's too difficult for me to undestand them.
I habe never gone abroad, so I want to travel around the world and see many places.
It was bery cold this morning.
I offen sit vacantly at my desk and do nothing on a summer afternoon.
Maybe I'll gain weigt!!
Soon after the quake, we found ourselves unable to buy any food because of the immidiate closure of establishments forced mainly by the interruption of utility service.
Yesterday was my first day back at school and I stil feel tired. I am bored with my studies, as well as other things in my life.
I've worked part-time as a home tutor, read articles and watched anime (or ketp quiet in bed).
Nowdays Japanese society is/ has become personalized.
It's really amasing!
So, Perth was celected for Best Place To Live.
precious mamories
His university is very famouse.
But I have no plans, I haven't dicided where I will go.
Definetely, I have visited most of the sightseeing places like diamond
I received a new spanis text from Japan, which is for beginers
I am just leranig ``ser`` and ``yo`` with it.
I was so impressed by his acting and got interested in spanis and its countries culture so much.
Although I have been studing English, speeking english is difficult for me.
Actaully I was there when they met each other for the first time:D
I couldn't belive I laughed...
I think I have to study harder, because I can't speak English infruentry.
Every summar I have to prepare for a formal teaching test.
When I was in the college, I always went to her class and did teaching-obersation.
I love teaching and I think it's a most sutable job for me.
Haruki is my favoirt author.
I recomand reading ``Kafka on the Shore``
By the way, I'm not sure about the defference between ``it`` and ``that``.
I hope that it wil be very interesting and funny here.
or how did she already get many corrections even though she has olny 2 friends on lang-8.
The second reason is our school uniform is a little expnsive. (URL
I rarely cry when I watch a movie, but I crid.
I will stay in the administion department.
In the moring, my phone rang.
beat Manchester United footbalteam.
Of cource, I will study!:D
He intervied me for an admission interview 5 months ago.
The full moon has very strong and strenge power.
Soymilk tastes simipar to milk.
The meeting lasted 6 hours and attendants asked the board members about newclear plants.
I am still poor at wrtiting English.
But if I cotinue to write in an English diary every day since today and someone corrects my poor English, I will be able to make progress.
But it was boring and I thought it was nonsence, so I was out on my own way silently.
Nomally the way to make noodles to is boil in a pot.
When you have bothered with everyting.
However last Sanday, I left for Mt.
Fuji is full of/ covered with volcanic ashses.
The temperature at the summit was very low even though I wared a down jactet.
My friend said they went to Univercity at night or during time off from work for the last 5 years ago.
I haven't tried to do anything for a long time, so hearing about it was really tuoched my heart, because I have also wanted go to Univercity, but I couldn't decide how to get started.
My friend's talking made an immpression on me.
I have struggled with it up until now because I have no confidence. As a bussiness couse would make it easier to find a job in New Zealand.
But-he left more messanges to me.
Last night he left messenges for me again.
I'm very nervas, but I can only study for next examination.
well today I haven't done anything special I have just visited the shopping centr Filion at Fili station.
There are many staind glass windows there.
I am a bit comfused.
They looked as if they were walking or running near me, and I enjoyed the feeling that I was diving from the clif.
But to my surprise, when I just beginned to talk that I felt so bad on Saturday, they gave me a ``Sorry`` immediately, I thought they would argue, but they did not..............
The day before yesterday, I went out with 2 of my friends ^ ^ We got togather in Sendai, the city which got hit by a big earthquake.
It seemed like the reconstraction was going on pretty fast which made me feel happy.
We studied togather there.
I want to say to every single user, ``Thank you for helping other people who want to learn foriegn languages.``
However, when I got to the college, I heard that the story got brighter in season 4, so I decided to give it a shot and rewatch it again.
knows aboyt many things like classical music, clothes, or shoes.
As far as I remember, people in Wenchuan, Sicuan province who experienced the earthquake recieved a lot of help from the whole country.
Hope we can go to Euope next time.
My Mother Is Storong
She's storonger than me.
My superiors were arguing about subjects I did not kwow so, I have to
so, it was confusing to communicate with a patiant.
First, When I ask the condition of the patiant,
Are thease correct??
or what are other real English conversaion, please
For example, reflux in veins, clot in areries, venous insurficiency, and
from different countires.
It should be deliveried in mid Apr.
However, ometimes we go on a picnic or walk in the city.
I would like to listen to classical music in a theather/ theatre.
Last year, I realised how beautiful classical music sounds when played/ performed by an ochestra.
Because of that, I now employ a guy from Austraria as a waiter from yesterday.
He wants to learn Japanese and stay in Furano untill the ski season closes.
And he can speak Japnese well.
Of course, he has to work as a waiter for the guests from Austraria.
There are many differences between Japanese and English, especially the Grammer,
I missed my Englsh conversation club two weeks in a row.
However, as I said, since they had to observe the strict rules for whatever reason and they were almost not allowed to express their own ideas and opinions, sometimes some people felt very unconfotable and tried to get out of the community to seek solace in another place.
Wow it's an owesome place!
Will I meet some good foregin friends?
My dream is not to just be a doctor, but a skilled, heartful one. And as a phisitian, I'd like to make many people feel at ease, and happy.
I wish that he could live as lomg as possible.
It seems like a boring and hard suumer day.
I took the airport shuttle to Wikiki and then took a taxi to the place where I'm going to stay untill Januart.
It is in the Hawaikai area where my homestay family lives near the Koko crater which was an active volcano along time ago.
I am so glad to stay in such a lovery town for an upcoming 4months.
I learned about stress reduction and how to relieve axiety.
I heard that she bought a lot of alchol, especially Japanese-sake, when she went
Therefore I have to be possitive and do my best every day.
Sometimes English prononciation is hard for me.
I can't prononce ``squirrel`` and ``POLO by Ralph Lauren`` perfectly.
One of the reasons was she was unafford and two, I did not understand about the job.
My ex-colleague was not receiving saraly sometimes, when he worked in canada.
tongh or nipple.
I want to go there onece a month!
I went to see my friend after I finished work. We went to the same reatuarant. We were sitting in the suanlum night bazaar and listening to music. We had drunk friuts shakes and ate something.
She invited me to go night clubbing on saterday but I did not say yes. I permis to tell her tomorrow. I cannot dance very well and I think I will prictice today. I like to play the guitar when I have free time but not now because at the moment I would like to prictice English more than play the guitar.
I always think about it more seriously than anothers.
But I found a diffrent kind of fashion from traditional fashion.
From nezt week I decided to go to community center's English club.
I really don't want to foreget English.
I am worring about your condition.
But I was not aware of somebody ever approching me.
Why did they chosed me?
There are 4000 American psehrases.
Hello, my frends.
I also hope that I can make many new frends here.
But here, I can say angthing I like, even throught it wil lwrong.
I should finish my English practices and understand the most elementary English knowlege, before the school year begins in September.
But I feel that it's important for improving my English to express my thoughts and describe my infomation.
I like to watch america, Korean and Japanese T. V..
I am a colloge stdent.
I study spycology.
I know that spychology in foreign countries is very famous.
If you like me, you can leav messege to me.
I am very gratrfull to everyone who correct my diary.
I admit that, while studing, I have become bored.
I was also impressed by your many heartful words.
For the last few months my parents and teachers have been talking about nothig else but my exams in May.
There are relativly many English speakers in my company.
But because there are not many shoppigng areas, restaurants, or cafes, it is a little inconvience.
Maybe the weater changed too fast.
I don't like this weater.
I went to Hwagye Temple to join Sunday Zen program with my English teacher, her friend, and my friend yesterday.
We practiced meditation while sitting for 25 ~ 30 minutes, walking for 5 ~ 10 minutes, and disscuss Buddhism together.
Hwagye Temple is a special temple.
I wanted to participate this Hwagye temple's Zen program, but I hesitated.
You can custmise your home on the ``Settings`` page.
I love my little docher very much and she knows this.
It is only 40 years old, but there are very talanted actors and actresses.
Dinner was also great! particurally, the chocolate fountain, which was delicious!
I cleand the aquarium and did away with books and CDs.
25 I happened to meet my friend who has been frieds with me since we were students on my way home fron London.
That things are unperfect is the reason that each day is new and gives the oppotunity to make things better.
I majored in English and judt took an Italian class.
Most of them must have been/ were made in Japan, but all the lebels were written in Chinese.
I normally don't use them, becase I always rely on the dictionary.
But I dreaming of going to another contry someday, to appreciate diffrent cultrue and do language exchanges.
I think the internet is wondaful tool.
I am trying to write my message and exchange with other leaners.
I am studying English in an enlish trainning school.
My friend wanted to study enlish, too.
She finally enrolled in this English trainning school.
Everything was ok, and we could study English together.
The problem is, this trainning school gives me a ``transportation card``, which you can use to take buses or the undergound in return for my recommendation.
I am very disappionted in her. So, I gave the card to her.
I am really dispointed!
Please check my diary if you coud, I have to study English thoroughly!
First wrinting
This is the first time to wirte a diary on Lang-8.
Yesterday one of my firends recommended me this service,
Some Japanese can obtain very haigh marks on it. How on earth did they score such high marks?
I wrote I am goiing to a concert on Saturday.
But I missed out on my favolite band's performance, cos I was late by an hour.
I had rememberd the incorrect opening time.
It was rainning.
I waited for the plice for about half an hour.
It was already midnaight. They asked me many things.
But I love tropical fruits!!! I cannot contrl myself when I face them.:)
I think it's good for us because we don't have a lot of money so we can't afford to visit foriegn countries.
the frist diary in English
I heard that people normaly type their resume in America.
The frist one
I happened to know this website, and registe as soon as possbile.
When I was taking a Japanese course last summer, my teacer told
me there are some websites where you can write artcle and help to
But after that, I forgot it amoug the darily affiars.
I am weak in. writting.
My speakng and listeing skills are exacty low...
But I know practicing is te best way to speak English very well.
I wish I won't think that I wish I had stuied harder///
I'm goino to school in September.
Maybe the reason I am so much silmmer than everyone else is because I am not a big fan of eating food.
Korea was very strong, but fainaly Japan could win.
we were realy excited and happy.
Especially, I like that, I can see the each prefectuer's special products and famouse things.
I learned of Nebuta Matsuri from that, which is a famouse and unique festival in Aomori prefecture.
At the same time, some people play and the other people dnace by jumping.
If you are interested in Nebuta Matsri, I suggest you to serch about it on the internet.
As you you can see around us people are increasingly subhealthy. why?
He is a foreiner and has lived in my country for a_ long time, but he cannot speak the language very well, so we usually talk in English.
But it did not work well, and our relashionship finally collapes...
It is not easy to find foreign freind in my country.
Of couce I am not a perfect person, and I have my faults, but I couldnotn't accept what he said...
So our relashion has collaped...
and if you have a simmiler experience, please tell me something about it.
I selpt late last night but I have to do that because I intend to improve my strength.
Today I am going shopping with my sister and my cousin. My cousin wants to sleep at my house today. I am so happy. My baby sister is slepping now. ^ ^
I will even know some laws of Ukranian `s Rights of byers.
Embarrassing siturations
It's annoying Becase it means I can't speak loudly.
Sometimes, a lot of people including my friends and associates come to my office to ask for counselling of their own proplems.
But it's usefull for me because watching foreign news is good for those studying English.
My [teacher?] taught me taht you should watch it every day if you want to learn English well.
It is time to go to work! If you don't get up, you will be late. ``I responsed,`` Mom, please give me five more minutes. ``
But now there is not much water,_ canned food or lamen.
noughty.
I ate rice alrealdy in the morning.
Now I think I will have enegy again to do what I want to do today. ^ ^
I forget grammar so it's very diffucult for me to answer them.
His favorite charactor is Bumblebee.
Today, I went to the library to study with my frend.
l heard some bad news from a dotor.
He said my frist son needs to have an operation.
It is a national test for all the univeisity students. The test is a little differcourt, but this is not the point. I am so dissappionted that my boyfriend didn't come to go with me together!
Maybe, he never love me. In some sence I think, he don't takecare for me like before. A month has passed, he said that we should go home together. looking this time, whate said is ampety.
Some foreigners, who love Japanese culture, always said that they learnd Japanese from animations and manga.
A: After joining a clup in my college, I met many people.
Most shops don't close on Saturday and Sunday in Japan because all shop staff work for the service industory.
Becuase I had a lot of work to do, I work up early in the morning.
my family and I sometimes enjoy talking about disguisting things during dinner time.
A: One day my mum bought a yarm for dinner, and we dicussed the turd-like shape of it (= m =)% ^&*& (&)% $... (talking in detail)
Their offense and denfense are great.
Recently in Japan thre have been a lot of disasters, for example the Tohoku-Pacific Ocean Earthquake.
Actually, I desided to be a waitress at one of your restaurants, because I thought the hospitality in all your restaurants was very high.
However, I relized a problem in my work place.
I found the problem 2 weeks ago then I sorted out the regular customer's deta.
At that time, suddenly all the detas was lost.
I want you change the protection software and check all computrers in your company.
So I'm writing these sentense for the time being.
I don't have schoootol today.
I didn't use to raed a lot but I try to read more now
We've now become familar with his songs and can imitate all of his songs!
If he had strong Cristian beliefs, I thought he might not be able to accept (his) wearing it.
ipad is also a really special gadjet.
I will pass through Brisbane, and if you have time to see me, I will change my schedule to stay 1 night in Brisbane befor going to Melborune.
Please give my regards to XXXX (her hasband's name)
In my house, it feels as if it was a family menber, or it isn't too much to say that it sometimes has a bigger inpact on us than a family member.
I mean I want to improve through conversations firsthand rather that unilately in front of screens no matter how inaccurate the information is compared to those of mass media.
During rush hour, one guy said, ``Sorry, I am in a hurry right now, so I will give you two stikcers.`` When I collect 30 stikcers, I can get a Doraemon fan.
The highest level of heaven... wow... amasing!
Bean is very funny and foolsh, Rowan Atkinson is usuary a serious and calm gentleman.
The Mid-Autumsn festival night
And I kenw she stole a glance at me and me too.
I look forwart to seeing you and chatting with you on twitter!!
My favorite display was a groupe of sardines.
Novemver? December?
I'll talk about one characters in one of my favourate/ favorite films.
It is a very imppresive film.
He doesn't give in to the contemporary sociaty.
He won't do things which he thinks are meanningless.
Eventually, after his insisting on the things which he thinks are meanningful, he succeeds and gets a genuine career, genuine love, and friendship.
So it encourages me to persue things which I think are meaningful, and which I think are right.
becaouse last night I ate so much...
it's becaouse I want to leaen englsh
So, I want to practice wrihting about many different kinds of themes.
Today, I wriht about following teame: ``What person do you respect?``
Although I still dontn't want to go to bed,
I can ajast to cold wheater but not to hot weather, because I can put on more clothes.
Unfortunately, I was using my raptop and I didn't have a mic.
I must work bucause there are lots of bills to pay.
Hi, I am susan. Today is Valentine's day and this diary entry will be my frist on lang-8, I am so happy.
Yakiniku restaurants are very populor in Japan.
So we eat Kimchi, pickles, and Chijimi creap with baked meat.
We can eat a lot of different kinds of beaf and poak.
Some restuarunt bake our meats for us.
Both have melit and demelit,
so it's nice to have a choice from the view point of your lyfestyke.
The tecknique for cooking Karbe beef, is not to bake it for too long.
Be careful, and resarch the homepage of the restrantl first.
If you worry about how to resarch,
My Singaporean frend tood me that Singapore has no ``White Christmas`` but we have ``Wet Christmas`` this year.
He is a professor of phamacology and a friend of my last supervisor.
Neverthless, he listened to my story earnestly and gave me many great suggestions and opportunities.
Third, he knows some pharmacy studens who are interested in Japanese and he will introduce them to me.
On usual Manday, my feelings are low because it's right after the weekend but only today, my mind was clear and I was excited even during work.
She said that ``I promis you that I'll do my best to study hard.``
However, I didn't think I made a wrong decions.
About earthquke.
What do we as common people deal with these really sad sitations?
The man who looked like a sincerefamily man actually turned out to someoneseriously addicted to porn and ``casually hooking up`` with women whom he had met at soem on-line dating websites.
Of course friends, relatives and loved ones expecially his wife and two children have been so shocked about what had happened to their husband/ dad...
eveyday I will write in English in my diary.
I decided I wanted to give a souvenier from Japan to my American friend.
He is a male and mybe 26 or 27 years old.
What would you like as a souvenier of Japan?
I'm worring about accessing the Twitter site.
Some patient don't understand that tey can totally remove the scar but only make it lighten.
winter's holidy has started...
I was suprised about it snowing in October.
I went shopping with my firend.
Are you satisfied with your carrer?
Because, I'm just starting/ in the middle of my carrer now.
I have not imagined my carrer goals yet.
You know, it is one of the most famous universities in indea.
Thd Story of Coffee
The night view from Victria peak was wonderful.
I love this season because autumn brings us tasty foods and beatiful weather.
I got up a little late in the moring, but she got up earier than me.
I saw a dilicious breakfast on the table.
Now I feel this unpleasant stmosphere has gone.
First, in my case I wanna go to Tokyo because it is such a huge and dynimic city.
Which sentenses do you use, ``Do you have a pen?`` or ``Have you got a pen?``?
I will write in my diarly next week...
When I was a juniour high school student, there was a Kendo tournament.
becuse I have to go to school!
In addition the steak is served with an ice tea as huge as a samll bucket.
When I left part of the salad unfinished, I felt kind of apologestic to the reataurant.
Is this a kind of Sothern hospitality?
There is a diffrent between South and North.
I often go to a restrant near my office.
The way comedians make a lot of people laugh is defferent in each country, isn't it?
After that, the trafic jam started, so when I arrived at the office, it was already closed for the day.
Life is always full of frustration and disappointment. As you just surmount the present ones, new challengesare are constantly arising.
As far as my recent condition is concerned, a serious obstale (actually a really frustrating interview for a position in the student union) has now left me feeling disappionted, worried and annoyed. All applicants, some of them my classmates, were hired except me. When I found this out I could hardly believe that I was the loser. It really hert me and affected me badly.
When a person can't reach his destination he may fantasize about success. I suddenly remenber this line from a magazine. So this state of mind made me revise my performance.. Maybe I was too childish. Maybe my ability to tackle personal relationships is lacking. Maybe I wasn't qualified for the position. Still, I never doubt my persistence and patience.. Everybody has his own adventages and disaventages. My rivals, no matter how immoral or even evil they are, were all accepted. Sometimes I feel it's unfair and think about the value of my existence. However, I also think that it's reasonable that I, such a silent, humble and inactive student, should not be given many academic affairs to handle.
We didn't even go out gor months.
I talked wiht an American friend this morning.
I became a mentor in the buddhism temple.
And my anncestor would exclude everything.
But he suddenly died from major illness befor he was about to succeed to rule the whole country.
After his sudden death, our ancestor's commonder became weaker and weaker.
I come from a small family in Taipei. I live with my parents, brother and 3 pet brids.
They are lovely, espcially my 3 pet birds.
I like to take pictures eveywhere.
I know English words and a little bit of grammar, so I can write English sentenses like this.
At first I want to concentrate on improving my English avility.
about 30% of the exam, I am afriade I cannot pass it this time.
Today I will go see a movie in central Melbourn.
It is so defecult for me!
Child education is a very usefull subject because I want be mother
I want met people abot the sme age as me.
I will cntinue writing my diary to improve my poor Engrish.
I want to exchage letters with new friends who aren't Japanese.
It was quite useful for building up my vocabrary.
The owner is a huge fan of pro-wrestling and he does up the restaurant with various colorful masks.
I met some guys whoc always stay at home!
They said [we know you are good at English, so is it possible if you could cotnet with japanese people who are also good at english and ask them for some adult movies!!!]
THIS ESSAY NOT JSUT FOR CORRECTION, IT 'S ALSO FOR [HELP]!!
In Osaka, it's quite warm todyay.
I turned off my computer because I'm afraid the computer would be attacted.
I'm nervous because the result of the University Entrance Examnation will come out in two days.
When it comes to human relationships, inferring a counterpart's feelings or thoughs plays an important rolle in comunicate well with others.
They can't help foster our imaginations, but imformed us with a lot of fucts about the world.
I gave cosmetics to my friend and sent an enail to her.
I'm will be glad if the items will arriv this week.
If I have the power, I'll write an essey.
the accupuncture university.
While I was studyng English, I could see two pigeons walking by the window.
And then, damin it, I took a nap.
Today I went to a Maxican Restaurat, to try out other nation's foods.
Maxican Restaurant in the U.
I wasnn't drunk but it feels good.
First, I needed to go to the box office to get a tiket.
I scarried to the next.
Suddenly it spilled out sollid excrement from it's behind.
Opps! It's a pun, intended hokum.
I wondered why it was awake in spite of its 'being. nocternal.
For a long time, maybe for seven years, I hadn't been to Okaska therefore, I really enjoyed it there/ this time.
University athletes compete in a 200 km marathon to decide which unversity is the best.
I really want to bacome good at English.
secoundly, I must listen to English CDs every day.
Thirdly, I must remembar an English word.
Not only were the scenes emazing, but the actor was also handsome.
But I like it, exausting myself doing the thing I like best
It is only Japan where you can eat raw interal organs from all over the world.
Almost all turists who come to Japan eat ``sushi`` and ``tempra``.
But raw internal organs lead you to a special and unkown world.
That's not so surprinsing, is it?
I didn't undastand all of it, but it's an interesting and fascinating novel.
However, the other day, some Japanese delivered my baggags for me.
This walk was a very rare chance to exprience the beauty of American wildlife.
This bivillage has 5 springs, 1 souvenir shop and 1 green tearoom.
When considering pronuciation, English and Japanese are so different!
In a pool, she is scared to put her face into the water, and at a park, she cannot spin on the iron bar, because she is scared of bending her body toward the grownd.
But I want to be an a programmist so I want to know English for my future study and work!....
The tenstion between Pakistan and India has been strengthened by the terrists attacks recently.
I wark as a bellgirl at a hotel.
We have a wediing hall and a banquet hall, so we are so busy on holidays.
Seventeen wediing ceremonies were held today.
But, (ever) since I became intersted in English, I have wanted an English name.
S plese, recommed an English name to me!
About 35 thouthands people participate.
Yestarday, a subcontractor visted my company.
Part of the Tokyo area strated to have power failure.
He ofen makes a round trip between Tokyo and Nagoya city.
I think it'll be helpful and interesting for me to study Englsh because I can practice writing and someone will check my grammar.
I'd like to say ``nice to mee you``
A wanderfull event has been held in Okinawa.
Tomoroow I am going to watch ``Sex and th City-2`` with girls and will ry to be merry, carefree and so on.
They were my first choice company, so I'm very dissapointed..
At the time all stores closed from the 30th of Dec to the 3rd of next January, so we had to stock everythig: drinks, food, videos, refreshments, snacks and so on.
Now, 24 hour convenience stores have spead out everywhere.
It is literaly convenient but I am a little bit disappointed that such a thriling custom has gone...
Luckly, my children like my cooking.
we belive it is normal that we graduate from a Japanese university
The test consists of two section. The first section is easy and almost all exaninee can pass, but the second section is hard and very few people can pass it.
If I spesk English fluently, I will/ can go abroad.
I want to go to many foreign countres.
Then he found a bed and strat taking off his clothes.
However; there is not yet consenses on thether rich countries should give financial aid to poor countries.
The first point with respect to this is that powerful cpuntries could offer advanced techniques to the poorer countries.
Take China for example, when scienitsts developed new tehcique to plant crops; China could stop importing crops from other countries.
Last but not least, powerful copuntries should also offer medical facilities to poor countries.
In other words, disease also plays a criticalkey part in economics.
Adimittedly, it is not enough to provide financial aid to poor coumtries.
But my wife ilkes it very much.
I have certain (stereo) tiypical images about certain countries.
I went to a music instrument shop to check guitar-efecter.
tommorow, I will go to BBQ shop with my friend.
Today my colleage talked about Western culture and Christmas presents.
At least one people is happy this Christmas, the giver or the reciever.
So they tend to decline the invitation to paticipate in the WBC.
I was almost on the deadline, so I needed the Exchange Coordinatrors to fax the documents (to be sure that they made it on time). I asked them to mail the documents to Japan.
The bizzar weather.
I watched something on TV about the bizzar weather all over the world.
I've heard many stoies about the collapse of the earth.
I belive that she will get the gold medal and I can see her best smile that I `ve never seen.
Mind probram...
I don't like English classe.
Please.. T ^ T correct some setences.
feel relieved bisa menerjemahkan menjadi 'bersantai'?
On this special day, we visit out family, eat eatdumpling, and walk out to enjoy the beautiful lanterns.
I explored the area where Prague catsle, the river and the Old Town are located and enjoyed myself at various entertainment places.
It was about a teacher that was fired from his work becouse he did a little trick in the classroom.
I realy laught a lot when I heard the story for the first time, but now I feel sorry for the teacher.
And what a crazzy principal!!
I was cought in a shower last night.
Acording to legend, 'Exposition of the Hieroglyphicall Figures' was written by Nicolas Flamel.
I tried to eat sandwiches for the sake gainning a variety of nutrients.
In my family, when we get a cold, we drink roasted tea with a little solt.
I walk 15 minutes from the station to my oficce.
But I do many things durring this long commute.
listenning to English conversations using iPod.
So, It is very important for me to spend time in the train, valurable studing time.
Good-gye.
Now let me intouduce our cityy to you.
We expect more and more forign friengs to invest in our city.
This is my first writting.
I wounld like to know how to learn English faster, can anyone tell me how to learn English faster?
She drinking beers and smoking chicarate in a club.
I could not find it yestoday morning.
JIANGHEN told me that he took this book when he went home yestoday afternoon.
The school festival begins today and it continues until this weekand.
I saw this game last year, I heard many departments did that and they earnd lots of money!!!
Chinese uses hieroglyph characters. English is phonogram letters. Each Chinese character is different from one othres, but English words are all assembled by the same 26 letters; it's easy and efficiently, especially when inputting them into the computer.
Chinese words are assembled by charachers. English words come from [creation =?], affixation or compounding.
Most of people said ``Avatar has a kitsch scinario, but is a movie with excellent spectacles``.
Surly, the scinario is kitsch.
So recently my ability to speak English is incerasing....
I want to be an emproee of that bank.
In rencent weeks/ Lately, nearly everyday I self-study with my boyfirend.
I learned many students have read the book, but I'm not sure that they have the kownledges, but at least they're a step further than I.
With the passage of time, I feel a lot of pressure arround me.
This week is really important and preciuos for me.
In recent years, enviromental pollution has become more and more serious.
Many countries pay attention to the enviroment.
Because I wantto perfectinate my English and have good conversations with people without having tothinkfor one or two minutes to talk or answer one question. If you want to talk to me, let me know and I wiil stay in contact with you
I'm begening to read this book in English.
I remembered, that I have a transleter book on Russian.
I want to develop my English in oder to be better than before.
I might not get used to this weather becuase some coworkers are wearing short sleeve shirts.
In addidion, I'm using a blanket.
This is my secnd Home page on Lang-8.
It is named Femt.
But I am looking forword to meeting many people.
Now Im have a lot of free time to spend, but I don't have anything to do. In this case, if you were me, what would you do?
I want to go to Macdonalds to eat their new hamburger.
According to reserch, theaverageage of Japanese people when
I'm tired but I cant fall resleep again.
Theseday days I'm so lazy.
``keep yourrselves from Idols.``
I will probably have coffee in the furure because it's easy to make and tastes better.
It has already come extermely hot tempreture in Qatar.
I really want today to pass imdiately.
When I was an elementary school student, My father bought a PC made by Fujitu.
I want to know why unhealty foods always taste good.
I went to a park called ``ge yuan``, which was built by a bussiness who sold salt.
There are four different views in his gardon,
In 1999, a horrible nuclear incident occred in Ibaraki prefecture.
But one month after I moved back to Japan, I couldn't speek English any more.
He is always smoking and drinking coffe alone.
Then suddenly the man (who was reparing) opened the door and shouted like this, ``Water please!!!!!!!!!!``.
And when I entered my room, it smelled like yhe aroma of coffee beans.
I'm learning English and woule like to improve it more so that I can travel all over the world and communicate with a lot of people.
It said about Rat-as big as a cat discvered in Papua New Guinea.
This tital is ``National Security``.
It was very dericious!
Because of the high tempreture, the snow was kind of melting.
In this shop, I could have coffee with rabits.
I look forward to meeting with you on this wonderous and beautiful site, because it lets ushave Communication with others from other language speaking regions with peace.
I look forward to ur visiting and participation.
Activity 2: sepetember 28th, 2010, Xinshi center park, Xinshi agnello and Shaoxing wine celebration feast
That's whay I joined this Lang-8.
Japan wil play in the finals with e South Korea at 10am tomorrow.
I mean, I guess many people break their sellphone because of their habits.
And when I was 8, my father went out for binese.
Anyway I can make my freind verry happy and that is my plsure.
I'm lokking forward to eating them! X)
I apreciate it.
I could catch his English, but I couldn't speak as good as I expected, and I didn't know how to make sentances, so I'll try to improve my speaking skill.
If I need to make an appointment with my friend, but I am not sure when he would be avliable.
I love her evry much.
But, If I take a careful look at my life, things are changing at a leasurely pace that I barely recognize it.
We were really lucky because it was a fine day yesterday, though there has been a long spell of bad reather recently.
I'm thinking about beginning SKYPE English conversation with a foreigner.
My friend gave me a blacelet.
My favorite taste is solt, but, today, I ate miso noodles.
It will hold to appeal that Tohoku is fine so pay visit each festival in Augast.
When I entered my university, I took TOEIC TEST.
I wote in a journal entryyesterday that I wished something special happened, and here it is!
Everyone can coment on my writing.
If students want to go to college, they have to go to school where they focus on stying.
Then I broug the bicycle to a shop to ask them to fix it today.
I will not give up to lift untill last next time. (??)
Umm, it's kind of intersting.
And why are so many of them collecting unemplyment benefits?
Japanse call that type of person ``a paper-driver``.
Although I was a little ashamed of my fertileless results, I had to pretend to be satisfied and present it confidently to all the professors invited to my defense.
The main reasom I write 'this' is
Until today, the family's schesule were different from each other.
I did this unconciously.
In the class, there was a women who is a foreing student and she spoke French so fluently and talked with the French teacher in French.
Starting today, I'll do my best to study not only English, but als French.:)
Subsistence cyecle.
My introduciton
He could have been sucessed as a doctor,
but he choose to become a compter engineer,
even though he couldn't be sure of being sucessed.
Now, he has become a professioner at Seoul University.
I want to remaind young at heart untill I go to heaven.
You can make youself
So I believe the best way of window shopping is bringing mothing
A newborn baby brings happness.
A newborn baby always brings happness.
Blue sky and blue sea, a very nice conbination.
The Sunshain is a little bit warm.
When I comrare it with the opportunity of a book, I can get more benefits from a book than a movie.
Today, I had an English lesson with Brian, who is my new English teacher, at 8: 30 at Starbacks cofee.
I am eager to speak more intelectual.
I would appriciate it if you corrected my diary.
When I was in China, I uesd to walk around the lake in front of my house every evening.
I want to understatnd movies without japanease script and listen to English songs directly.
Of cource, I want to be able to use einglish for business purposes.
whice the temple is named.
Some people prefer entertaining TV shows, talk-shows, quises, such as ``The Ground of Wonder``, ``Let's talk``.
I'm not atracted to humble-looking people because I look so humble too.
It is not dyed, and looks healsy.
What made her look humble is defenitely the combination of her damaged jeans and sneakers.
But it is very sepcial for me because it's the last summer holiday in my university life.
In addtion, I want to do meanningful work from which I cannot only earn more money but also get useful social experience.
Everyday I come across many custmoers including native people and foreigners from all over the world.
Though it exhausts me, it is a new challenge and a good opportunity for me to touch the competetive society.
I'm always worring about that.
Before, I lived in the domitory of my corporation alone.
I used to cook or buy something to eat in my domitory alone.
But now I enjoy dinner time with my famiry!
I live in the Russia in the city Khanty-Mansiyske
I like Kanty. =)
It was very tasty, and I felt comfortabele.
Could anybody explain the sentense below?
And I help my moter with house work.
It is important for me to study hard, but it is also important to help my moter.
I try to study hard and help my moter this month.
Please help me with any grammatical mistakes in my entry. If something doesn't sound innative, please help me refine it!
It was not difficult to drive in the Drievr's license test course.
Hope all of you have a fatastic day!!!!
Yesterday, my mother's friend and her hasband came to my house.
There was an amaging accident in the championships...
Tomorrow, I will go back to Tokyo with her and her hasband.
As a result, I felt terrible for a had a darrhore in the afternoon.
After taking a barium, I've realized that taking the stmach camera (or spectroscopy) may be easier than (the) barium.
It took a lot of time and I didin't know whether my sentences were right or not.
This is the last day of Eastrn.
The more hot weater we have, the more I need a sweater.
But I feel like the temperature in the library is below the freesing point.
Summer weather in New NewYork is similar to weather in Seoul, Korea,
but I think New NewYork is a little bit nicer than Seoul.
After I heard the news it will be made a movie and will be released in autume.
He said some caustomers misplaced it after they read it and they didn't put it back in the right place.
So I counldn't help taking time to find it.
Athough I was too late for the festival, I went to see my friends.
I belong to the Guitar and Mandlin Club.
there are many shops. (sports shops, clothes shops restaurant and so on.) it was very vrowded because it was a holiday
I heve to do an assignment about industrial dynamics in this morning.
because the Japanse economy was so good at that time.
I hope their bussiness is going to get better.
basseball and Yakyu
Of course, I always wached them in Japanese when I was a child
American life is cool for me though I can't bring spesific examples
I feel srangely dull everyday so I want to finish
My orlder brother and orlder sister give me a present every year.
A few days ago, I used up my rotion.
I shopped oline for about 1 hour, I bought a rotion.
The rotion arrived this morning so I used the rotion.
But I don't like the scent of the rotion.
I live by myself now but I try to prepare meels by myself as much as possble instead of buyng food.
For my health, recetly I try to eat back beans and agar and drink at least 2 litres of water a day.
Peaple say that black beans are good for your blood circulation and helps your skin stay healthy and the agar has a lot of faivers which help our circulation.
I enjoy cooking and increasig (more my repertoires.) =?
In addition, I'm refreshed by it because I would experience new things whenever I go to an infamiliar place.
The sales person looked a little in a hurry and she rushed to anwer our questions.
And what makes you absulutely Happy?
I odered some hijabs, I mean special muslim's veils, not all clothes, only for the head from the internet, because here there is only one shop with muslim's thing, and there are almost only books.
--> On 26 May, my team needs to finish the final porject, I must work hard to do that. I hope I can pass the exam because if I can't, I will have to study one more year.
Because it was the TV drama of the BBC, the acters and actresses were speaking in British English.
I gained weigt!! (T T)
My weigt....
However, I was surprised when I saw the awesome scenary.
At nigth, I cooked hashed beef and rice for dinner with my mother.
But he is also gathering infromation about jobs in another country.
Anyway, yeasterday was Chiniese new year, so there were many Chinese festivals in the city. We can always see many Chinese people in the city, so it is like Sydney is part of China.
I had a sore throat today, so I took some strong herval cough drops.
There, you will find everything from street vendors to hign-end designer brands in huge department stores.
What I found is that the sound and the rythm of
It takes about a hour to get ther by car.
I Watched a Horro Moive
I accidentally tuned into a moive and started to watch it.
It was a horro movie.
That was the kind of moive I like so I contined to watch it to the end.
Three diedthroughout the moive.
It was a heavy moive.
Recetly, I have wanted to get it more and more.
Thre are Maguro (Tuna), Botan-ebi (Shrinps), Hamachi (Young yellowtails), Shima-aji (Horse Mackerels), and Hotate (Scallop)!
'till then I'm goin to visit a couple of Arts courses.
Today, I woke up at 8: 30 am and went to school for my practiceng play on our school festival.
Many poeple had their dog walk around the lake.
As you know, in most companes, there are more than one employee, and we can call all them co-workers except you.
It's difficult to speak to forgin peopke in English.
My friend asked me to transrate it English from Japanese.
Could you currect it please?
Cross my fingars,
Last Sunday I was at PROPET (pet industry trade fair) for a dog grommer course
It was cheaper for me than other similar courses, because I had a proffesioal invitation.
I want to say I have several promble with studying English.
How do I solve my english promble?
Becouse the entrance for foreigners was brightly opened, I just passed through the gate of the Ewha Womans University easily.
Actually, I've been in Vancouber for more than one year studying English.
She also likes natural foods such as seet potato, pumpkin,
Although I spend much time on it, it seems as though it makes no sence.
I like this period from summer to autumun best of all the seasons, because I feel energetic during this time.
but I cannot learn bengal.
and I want to eat deliciauce Indian food!!
I didi not have time today
My oreginal color is dark brown, now it is chestnut because I dyed it.
I am Bulgarion and leve in the town G.
Orqhovica.
I am a studnt in Veliko Tarnovo city
I enjoyed Rock Crimbing!
I think having a car is very important for colledge students because college students need to make friends.
When I was a colledge student, I went skiing twice a week with my friends.
I used to watch Twenty Four, and I watch Full House these thesedays.
(I mean ``copy`` and ``cpy that``)
Her mother married a man who is the brother of her former hasband.
However, today, by purchasing a flight ticket in advance or carrying no eatra luggage, customers can get tickets at a incredablly low price.
Amittedly, without globalisation, economic, culture, literature and legislation would make little progress or envolvment.
I have been to London, Hawaii, Shanghigh, and the west coast of the USA.
I went to wach my dauther's badominton games yesterday.
My dauther's skill is getting better and her patience has increased while playing.
He has taken a tennis lesson bofore.
On the other hand, if you talk to your boss or people you aren't familiar with, it's more appropriate to use indirest questions.
Is studying abroad or going to an English comversation school necessary for speaking English to some extent?
The Asian Gemes excited me!
Water is droping down from the pipe....
I will complan to my landload.
I was absent from university because I had a bad headace.
He is called ``King of Pop.`` I've never seen his performance, but if I have a chance, I want to seet it.
However, that's an impossible dream as long as he's not a lier.
As a matter of afact, I had been a kind of an old fogey.
But beliave it or not, I hadn't bougt my own cell phone, or car,
But nobady is going to stop me.
If I could think in English while reading Enlish sentences, then my English comprehension skill wouldimprovng rapidly.
I arraged it for me, adding cabbage under the pork and a soft-boiled egg on the pork.
One is by Renka, who is my favosite actor.
It is one of my favotite books!
And also Renka has always been (?) my favotite person!
One oneday I hope I can become a rich woman like her,
Maybe there are not too many people that know them in Taiwn.
When I was feeling sad and lonly.
Are the following sentences I wrote gramatically correct?
I've been studing English.
In addtion, I recently fell into a slump.
Although Lewis's piano solos are somoetimes a little bit annoying,
Somethings that are truely new are often accompanied by some kind of discomort.
There were too many people that Johnny separted from his mom.
The shop is in Kitijyoji City, Tokyo.
The reason why I walk is because I am engaged in a walking competition with my collegue.
I thought it would be difficulte book them for during the Christmas holidays, but it was easier than I thought.
I will be living in a domitory next semseter.
and I bought a lot of things for my domitory XD
There is no intresting places to go for a wolk.
For the first time these places seem like something unreally intresting.
My grandmother was from a wealthy marchant family in Sakai (in Osaka).
(It was misteriously beautiful, she said to me.)
It also pourd into her ears.
She has a elder brother who was sent to Siveria but fortunatelly
She can use walfare for the disabled,
So I decided to cut her hair, and leanrd about how to do it on the web.
Also, I can be more aware of the auther's ideas and imaginations by writing on them.
Because this pen uses thermo-techinology, therefore even if you erase it perfectly, the ink would still appear under some conditions.
but I'm glad to see he is active in another coutry.
We have to study or research very hard to wident the tunnel and to learn how to dig tunnels.
I came accross some sayings when I was reading an English document.
Some have already been (provisonally) chosen for jobs.
I like japanese food, because it is frash and heathy.
In Japan, we are anxious about relationships with neighber countries, ie China and Russia.
I've selected out of those and developed about 150 and enlearged 10.
When I was young, I went back to visit my grandmother every year for the Songkarn Festival to receive her blessing. The belief is that doing this will bring good luck and prosperity for the New Year.
l have brrow books.
Why was my diary not corrct by anyone?
So I hope to meet more foreinger friends and learn languages from each other.
But it has passed a half month into Feburary.
I love sakura bloosams.
It means Sakura bloom beatiful becouse of cold winter.
It means ordeals will make our mind and humanity beatiful and strong.
I bet tonight I will sleep well and I'm looking forword to seeing someone who is coming to visit Thailand..
Hallo eveyone!
Today I have written a diary in Englich.
Plesae checke my diary.
I love Einglish and childeren.
I must study hard in EInglish!!!
What a supecial day it is!!:)
Legister lang-8
Today, I legistered in Lang-8.
The Writting and speaking skills are terrible.
And I put it in the refrigerater.
It was so much fun, my friends and I stayed in a hostel which was a 15-minite walk from the beach!
After playing that, whe were so tired because we were rasing our legs, jumping and dodging etc.
I want to go to aroad, and make friends there!
/ Although I am ashame, I also feel hateful towards myself.
But to give an example, I have a/ sence of justice!!!
It is famous for it's painapple.
For instance, many exotic countries make millions of dollars on foreign* turists.
Not all of the turists know how to keep the area around them clean.
I'm a biginer at Engrish.
I hope to use Engrish beter and to meet some frend.
todey, I will eat kaki fureit. I like it.
It is sweet and derisuse.
Now, in Japan, there are many kaki fruits on the trees in the gardens in tawn.
Nowdays, I am reading fanfic of Sherlock (BBC 2010).
Have you been to a sushi restaurants in your citis?
A television is being truned off.
Is there any differece?
I'm a little upsed by it because unlike many people in my age I like going to school and I'm keen on learning new things.
I love this fiction mostly because of its exquisite psychologic description.
They ask me to wear office cusual clothes.
He just said ``not too formal and not too cusual``
write in Enlish daily and watch NHK's English program.
But I overslept today, so I couldn't study Enlish.
I turned arround and arround, which made me dizzy so I couldn't walk well.
I have to go to bed in oder to wake up on time.
Last Sunday, I watched a film called The King's Speech. I recomend it; it's a very good movie, not only because of the story, but also because it has good actors and a good soundtrack.
Thre were UFOs in my house.
Wathing TV (^ ^)
I'm Wathing tv now!!
And now there exists a major problem that my vacabulary is not enough and moreover I am forgetting what I remembered.
An improtant text awaits me and I try new ways to remember words by is skimming through part of the vacabulary regularly.
Don't tell her that I was druken last night.
We buy a lot of vegetables and fruit (appels, oranges, strawberries, bananas).
I always buy semi-skimmed milk and my mother buys goat's milk because she is alergical to cow's milk.
On Sunday we are going to make a big cake with strawberries and a littel chocolat.
When I'm on a diet, I wanna eat a small quantity of high quality food insted of making a pig (out) of myself by eating low calorie, chemically enhanced food.
I slep with my sister last night she is always welcomes me to sleep with her.
He likes to come to my house because he has many friends incoulding with my counsin, who plays with him.
Today I plan to read a book somewhere arond my house and coppy a book for my student.
It has come to reach the conclution that we will be playing covers of the rock band ``slipknot``.
For the next class I have to listen to a Korean song and try to write down the lyrics, I want to choose ``I can't let you go, even if I die`` by 2AM, can you recomended another song to me?
level, especially my speaking skill is bicoming bettter and better.
We know about sharism and we're better at creat something new and special, but the old generation may feel nervous about the PCs and iphones or androids.
People may pay more attention to their individual experience and their need to satisfire their desires other than those built on possessions.
People are crazy to own a house or an appartment.
If you were a boy or a man, you should have an appartment, then you can marry.
I Love ``kaitennsusi``
I love susi.
Do you know ``kaitennsusi`` everyone?
I ate a lot of susi.
becouse it was cheap and delicious.
I think I have to go on deit!!
but maybe I will go to ``kaitennsusi``
hi guys, I am Mohamed sadiq from sudan I'm 20 years old, itz 's
my first time writing an entry in this beautifull site and I want to tell
I had been working at a damage insurance research company for 20 years untill years ago.
This work had grately developed me and a thoughtless remark disappeared. (more specific?
When I try to remember new words, I look them up immidiately and review them before I go to bed.
And I hope everyong to be happy and safe
I paid two handred Hong Kong dollars to him and shook hands with him.
I thank not only everyone who made crrection, but also Lang-8 a lot:)
I wish ALL people who are studying a foreign langage knew about this beneficial item/ website/ place.
The short time makes me rised my concentration for studying English.
Addmission was 8 Euros.
My fisrst time was over 10 years ago.
I had a soup curry in Sapporo which is the bithplace of soup curry. The shop I went to is 3 stories tall in Sapporo.
I home stayed in Austaralia for a week.
It was an amazing experince.
I don't know if it is difficut to write what I want to write in English.
About English singer, I like evernessence, britny Spears, and Avril Lavigne.
I'm gon to count sheep.
I'm a native speaker of Spanish and I'm trying to improve my English as I'm studing a teaching programm of English at the University of Santiago of Chile (USACH).
Certainly, I'm not good writing in English and I still make silly mistakes, so I joined this website in onder to improve my writing-and speaking-skills.
I'm interested in English and I think I need Endlish in the future, so I study English now.
I will write my diary everyday to improve my writing sklils.
Sonunds crazy, right?
In the last set, I was trailing by two points at gamepoint, but luckly, I got four points in a row, not only did I win the game, but I also controlled my stress well,-this made me even happier.
I cannot understand some corrextions.
I'm so sad becouse he was a person I respected.......................
GMO (genetically modified object)-foodstaff, a living organism, created with the help of genetic engineering.
Finelly, the butterfly to the back.
Bon moring.
I found this wedsite by random searching with the goole bar.
The different cultures of each country in which I am interested can be learnt from this wedsite through our communication.
We are in spring now andI saw the cherry blosom with its roses. I irealy like this kind of tree. And I have liked it sinc my childhood. The cherry blosom is called the tree of ``sakura``
I have a lot of hobbies. I don't like spending my hobby alone. I like spending my hobby with my frind or with my brother or with my family. I engoy with all because I spend a long time when I make my hobby.
When I heard this, I was realy shocked...
My job is called center operator which means home electrical repair.
So, these sweets bring out the delicious tasts of powdered green tea more and more.
In other spots of the mouth, bitter tasts of powderd green tea bring out these sweets.
In addition, my company usally don't work on Saturdays.
but yesterday (sateurday), we worked.
I couldn't go to the clininc (or?) to work.
because I don't neet to work today.
So I was relexing and watching TV shows which I missed because (or due) to working overtime.
It is the firt working day.
I like Ken becaushe he helps me when I have a broblem.
Ken is good my friend. He's a businessman. He has many houses. His main hourse is very beautyful. He usually travels by plane.
I beleive that this culture is stupid!!!
Today, I watced a movie again
Everybody drank and tolk a lot.
For example, thanks to the developmemt of the Internet, we can now communicate with people wherever they live, without the limit of distance or time, by using e-mail, Skype, and so on.
I straddle the line between these wrolds.
During the weekdays, I am obsurded in my classes while on weekends I am devoted to part-time work.
I have a part-time job at a watch boutique within a hotel resort. Today in the morning, one couple walked in the store, and I talked with the customers actively, I was going to tell customers things about which watch they are gazing. Since most of our customers come from mainland China, I tried to communicate by using Chinese. However, they don't seem to understand what I said, and there was no response with my talk. So, I turned to specak in English, but it was so embarrassed that once I finished my sentence, the guest replied me in Chinese.
I like making someting.
But I cannot chatch the meaning of the following sentense:
Jinger tea
I've been drinking Jinger tea for a couple of days.
Because of a hard schedule, I stayed there for only 10 hours, but thanks to my friend I throughly enjoyed the food and a massage.
I live in japan, and I am a Japanese callege student.
There were mamy people there.
Today my coworker invited me to his orchestra cocert at Feb 22th.
``Nooooooooo Im Japanese!!!!!!`` ``Oh you are lier....`` ``I never lie!``
so many japanese people have got Tatoooooooo.....
Its getting populer I thought...
It was a really fuun day!!!
I've heard an expressin to do something to reduce stress is 'vent',
And I will go to chitopractic tommorow too!!
But I feel refreshe so much afterward!!
``Just cut my friange, plase``.
``Cut up to above your eyeblow!?
But actually I wanted him to cut same line as my eyeblow..
At the moment, I didn't recognaize my misunderstanding.
Just being attracted by something will make people drop into a ``sea of knowleage``.
Everybady, take me there!!
In Japan, tatto are not socially acceptable.
But in other countries, tatto are socially acceptable.
I wonder if this situation shows that Japanes people are on the very conservative side.
Every morning I wake up and feel so good, though, a liitle bit tired.
Lesson making sentenses after reading Myanmer over the horizon
It was only a one hour meeting but a giant step for a fruitiful future for the Myanmar nations and all the other neighborhood countries.
I'm wonderding if the Arab spiring movement has warned the regime to grant a democratic voice.
These words below are from the article and I made sentenses using them.
2 condemn-Japanese Govenment has offically condemned the Russian President, Dmitry Medevedev, for paying a visit to Kunashiri island.
3 mar-Kosei Gaukuin's honorble result in the Natinal high school baseball tournament was marred by the announcement of some members 'drinking last winter.
4 detention-High school Baseball Association doesn't give any detention to the school because the students concerned are in the highest grade and the team has launced the baseball team with their new members.
Therefore, I seldome tell my friends about the existence of my blog.
That person kept responsed to my article.
I goole it and I found his blog.
beuacuse, we lose the power and courage to carry out our dreams.
I want to traverl the whole world and go everywhere, while I am young.
The day everything will be restorted is not far away..
Anyway, I became aware of the following statement last nignt:
I was denied when I asked to request a highter selling limit applications.
Why was I dennied?
Currently the nursing system is a ploblem in Japan.
I think it is not good to have a society that afflicts the eldely.
But I'm not decite on whom to vote for yet.
I want to (listenin, write, speak, and readng) English more.
I feel it is hard to study English because since I graguated high school, I haven't studied it.
During World War 2, Japan colonized Korea and took some poeople from Korea to their own country.
Today, I went to a languege school for a trial lesson.
Because some students absulutely didn't speak better than me.
So please correctu me if it is neccesary
``So, do you want to try the yummy soup?`` She asked me with her eyes shing.
``Take it or leave it!`` She yelled and shutted the door.
you said it! ``The wiered voice came again.
I hope I can travel to 7 countries befor I die.
Another teacher called Mr. G treats us very nicely and aften entertains us by making jokes.
I've worked at a law office for a week, and everying is a new experience for me.
Then I heard the most unbelievealbe words come out from a reporter to a big star. The female reporter shouted the S-word to Nadal, turned aroud, and left wihtout looking upset.
(IHere's a question to British people: Having used it just now, does the word 'bloody' sound so vulgar that it sounds weird when used by non-natives?
But I think I should supress bad feelings as soon as possible.
A transition into a new president of the United State has many significant influecnce to many people and many nations.
In fact, many pople are still suffering from predudice or discrimination.
The message is that we are not stupit, and if we wish, we can overcome the discrimination.
Two years ago, I went by myself to Lasvegas Vegas to see an Aerosmith and Motley Crue show.
He and three other major players expressed their unpleasant feelings by quiting the Winter Traning in HaiNan Province.
I want to go to the sea this sommer.
Am I a Charactor in someone's dream?
When it comes to travl, different people have different ideas.
First, travel will help you to acquire bnowledge.
When you travel to a place, you will have a better understanding of the local culture, tradition and costum.
Second, travel provides you with the oppotunity to practise*.
I also went (/ visited) the Aso Farm Land where you can find many shops, accomodations, hot springs, and so on (/ and more).
That makes absolutely no sence!!
I made a mistake that and deleated many songs in my I-pod...
It is everybody's day tommorrow.. We can rest for 3 days.
Epecially, the wind flapped us. (?)
It became a good opportunity to know the difference between my mother launguage and other launguage well.
I have to teach my workmen some knowladge about our production.
It was beyond my English vocaburaly.
The differnces between humans and chimpanzees
Maybe I will have a topit to write tomorrow.
I have to get home aroud 7: 00pm to take care of my baby.
After a while, I recerived her abdominal x-ray.
Just overeating can mimick the symptoms of a severe disease.
I think everyboy has a window in their heart.
first of all, my name is tulio, and I want to learn English, becuase nowadays companies requier that you speak English
Last week, I saw a new advenstiesment, ``they need a new reporter, but he or she must be able to speak in english.
Firstly, my hairstile do not set.
threrfore I do not like June and July.
Las Vegas is an exciting city, so so I'm agrry when it's called sin city.
Vegas is awsome!
And the conference that I had hoped to participate for many years was awsome too.
If I remember correctory, your brother lives in NY, is that right?
Do you go to NY occationary?
My favorite auhers are Haruki Murakami, Soseki Natsume and so on.
Haruki Murakami also translated some foreing works into Japanese.
I sometimes feel very confuzed.
C. without subtittle now.
I want to visit the place wher the drama was filmed.
Because my best friend gave me a free tchiket to the gym.
I thought that the cafe was so confortable.
It is really cruel! The team protected the Kekexili for 3 years without any support from local goverment.
The bullfighting is a ceremoney not just killing the bull but looking forward to a good harvest.
In 1990, he became the first left-hander to win the United States Amature? Championship title.
According to the article, he has a left-handed golf swing after mirroring his father's right-hande swings.
I was at the company sending for a long time. My boss musst use the detile today for presentation (?) but I did it slowly because my computer at my company is quite slow. I falt bad I couldn't send the file to him in imtime. I tried to ask a colleague to help me send email to my boss because I must change the details. He is very cute.
My friend called me to make an appointment on Sonday this week but I did not say yes because I would like to sleep at home for my weeken.
I checked email today. It's great to hear from my French friend. They sent a text to me, I had not seen them for ages. They had lived in Bangkok for a long time. I knew them when I went to packtice English in Impini park. They are so cute and taught me a lot of English and French.
I had studied French language for 3 years but now I have forgotten it. I cannot say anything, just bogjour, comment ca va and Je t 'aime.
I was fanatic about Gyoza today since I was in the midle of working.
Incredible three thimes.
Most people (can/ could) have difficulties when they speak a foriegn language which they've alread studied for a long time.
Moreover, I can even hardly express what I'm thinking in the foriegn language.
What do you think the most important things are when you study a foriegn language?
Everything was expensive and there was a variety of marchandise that kids love (even adults.)
They looked quite mature for thier age at the entrance ceremony, because they wore suits.
My university doesn't have a lot of students but because of this, I can make friends with almost everyone and I'm looking foreward to that.
It's difficlut to discrib the receipe.
We saw a bear acrossing the road.
I hate waching violent films.
Outrage has sirious and comical scenes.
Today Osaka is soooo hot!! xO
So Green tea is Ryoku Cya in Japanese.
I felt it was weird to put something in green tea but we put suger in English tea so maybe it's the same thing!:p
Then it becomes two parts in the calssroom: I teach my own things
This is my first diary entry in Lang-8, I hope I can improvment here and make friends with you guys ^ ^.
I like reading cookbooks, the pictures in the books look so delicious and meke me happy.
Do you know the Jpanese noodles called ``soba``?
Reducing carbon dioxsides is attacked by TV commercials frequently.
While I feel they are similar, I'm assured that Toyota's car is safer, more economical and envernmental friendly.
It is eviidently that the car's fuel consumption is 23 kilometers per liter of gasoline.
And I am learning Thai unformally.
Last week, I didn't paln to go traveling over the weekend.
But one of my roomates asked me to go to underwater world with them.
Unfortunately, I was busy all the time and had not had any chane to visit it.
Unwxpectedly, however, it was raining and it seemed like it would continue to rain.
wha a pity.
I wll study more English and go to bed.
The Interenet in Thailand is not as broad or commercialized as the one in Hong Kong, but the quality of its system is high, built around the country's universities and technical institutes, guaranteeing a large supply of Internet-literate people.
Today, the day was darking when I left the reading room.
This theame is my homework.
I'll explane about Hikikomori.
I'm sure all of us can be hikikomori, because we are weaker than we think, and the reasons are more complecated.
My English isn't very good so I want friends to talk with so that I can use it more regularly and improve my English expecially my spoken English.
During this period, I was fasnatend by other worlds and cultural things.
I locked the door in 3 different steps so he couln't open it!
To be blingual is my dream, and Singapore has a good economic situation and working environment.
It has a monster mathematic thery behind it, and people will never think any raw data is useful unless they understand the theory.
It's good when you sit down in front of the screen, watching the earth move like water, the spoon drift touch the cloud, and the dramatis personae always stands on the edge of death.
The end of world, this concept has never been a part of Chinese culture, and no one belive it.
Of Ofcouse, maybe this is the difference between the ease and west.
I use a Bkack reather planner.
1, manthly callenders for proglaming long tarm sucedule and maiking apointment
2, daily sucedule and task notes for protecting me from forgetting and increasing efficiency
4, rifills written about information which I need to watch frequently.
This sistem is like Franklin planner.
I studied the sistem of Franklin planner,
and reproduced this sistem with blank rifills.
I don't have any confidence in my memoly,
Actaully I can't believe it yet.
tommmarow is the end of vacation,
Global warming is a thred for all man kind <or> humans.
The weatherman on TV said that February will be rxceptionally warm.
yhat would be nice.
I was very suprised that every person I met was also korea.
I'm currently* developping iPhone application in a Japanese company.
these days Japanese goernment is very weak and tends to be changeable.
I aften eat a dish called NABE, which consists of vegitables and chickins, pork, or whatever your favorite ingredients are cooked together in a soup.
However, I didn't have anything to do and couldn't even take a shower becuase the water was cut off.
we met and then we went to eat somting.
It was very deilsious.
Then we went to the acdemy again.
I didn't know this actually but yerterday they had a Japan versus Scotland football match, here in Tokyo (I guess).
Yesterday, she taughat us about how to pick-up a Canadian guy.
Today is my aniversary
He has powerfull energy and charisma.
I would like to learn Biomechanisms and Robotics at Thukuba graduate university because I want to make a Robot suit like ``HAL``.
I watched the movie, title is ``zonmbieland`` and ``kickass``, today.
zonmbieland is very a sweet movie!
I couldnn't turn it over well but it was delicious.
Although nuclear power produces nearly no coventional air pollution, qualifying it as ``clean energy``, the disasters it brought have thrented the existence of human beings.
For example, I had to be home by 5 o 'clock untill I graduated high_ school and I could not leave any food, even a single grain of rice.
They were prety naughty to me but not to thier mother.
I told them to stop it many times but my face and head got hit by sevral stones.
Next day I was dismissed becouse I punished them.
Although I am sigle,_ I am nervous about becoming a parent.
I feel a little bit nerous.
Snacks goes crunch crunch in people's mouth also drinks goes gulp gulp in children's throught.
The speakers are birsting out with loud and clear music.
There are full of regretful coments with regards to his death which can be seen below the video.
I didn't recite all the vocabulary, so it took me a lot of time to read the sentance.
I want to buy some clothings for winter.
I'm tired but I thougt my work is was pretty good
I worked for one month so dedicatidly for him after my 'afternoon work' and during my days off.
I was so surprized.
A funeral (PLease correct my sentense)
I like its coloer, very pale pink, almost white, contrasting with the dark brown of the trunk.
In my opinion, all males should leave on Women's Day also so that they can consort with their firlfriends and wives.
I found it very intresting.
I like rock 'n roll, for example: ZZ-TOP, JIMI HENDRIX, BB-KING, METALICE and so on...
If I can, I hope to take advantage of my previous experience and English conversasion.
I thought it was a bit wierd because she and I were not so close as to exchange messages.
So, we can easily understand the why people crowd in the promotional merchandise and discount sections, and the people produce and sell unsafe food, which seems strange in some foreogners 'eyes.
However, food securtiy takes money, which raises the cost of food.
He was an about three-merter silver robot.
Today, I have entried with this site.
English conversation, English grammer, TOEIC Reading,...
I have to study English for bussiness.
However, I didnn't have enough money to order ramen because of the book I had bought!
I repplyed OK!
While playing, I strumbled on the soccer ball and fell.
Then, I strained my left hund!
It's makes me feel good to express my own feeling in another countrie's language.
The senteces below are one's I made up today.
It's not perfect, so I want you to correct my senteces.
Beef is quite expenssive.
And they are destined to trade goods and merchadises with each other.
Thanks to your hlep, I'm doing better at english than I ever have before.
There are a lot of Japanese toys for kids, and I would be happy if foregn people also liked them.
I've been having a cold and a stiffy nose for a few days.
So, Okinawa prefecture has different culter from Japan's mainland.
I love the compassionaite people, the subtropical climate, and the beautiful sea at Okinawa.
I had a pracrice of soccer at night.
However, I had a lot of fairures.
I was shocked because bomp sound.
I'm so excited to see her on the other hand I have to tell her my desition...
But I have to tell her imidiately......
Anyways, how diffurent is ``Be going to`` to ``will``?
Referring to those information, we discussed what Japanese Goverment should do.
We hope we can solve thie problem next time.
I went to my restrant to work.
Meny people visit there.
Born in 1869 in the hinterlands of Siberia as a son of a mere peasant, Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin would have appeared an unlkely candidate to rise towards a position of considerable personal and political influence over Russia's ruling Imperial family.
Yestarday, I was depressed because I want part-time job, but it was a day off for me.
This weekend I want to rest and review my seminor textbooks.
I felt the Chinese pepole's energy in the festival.
It was because I caugh a cold.
The ``Sping Bank Holiday`` was on 25th May in the UK.
I finally figured out how to use my electronic dictionary which I got from my family as a graduting present.
Suddenly ``Go for your cowokers.
Love is paradax, don't you think?
I having a troble right now.
I and my friend Eri tried to stop continuing ssociation with him.
These are pictures provided by Multonman County Sheriff's Office.
He understaned the my problems.
I really don't feel like going becuase I have other things to do at home.
This afternoon, I played 'Zhen san' with my clsaamates, but we lost every game. I felt so upset after that that I went with some glassmates to play ping-pong. I hadn't palyed it a long time, and when we were just getting started I felt like a beginner.
About my syster and her husband
(Iwork Jinbocho.
My university has a lental DVD center, and all the students can rent some DVDs with cheep price.
Is it normal to rent DVDs on campas in The States?
That's more weired than doing nothing!
There is not a crownd of peple and it is not noizy.
Being a college stdudent is terrible.
I'm so norvouse.> <?
The adventage of Lang-8 is that I can have my composition corrected for free!
Therefore, I will wrire diary or essay day after day.
She saied that she really wants to sleep over.
Functional Magnetic Residence Imaging, FMRI, is a parsisure that uses magnetic residence imaging to measure the tiny metabolic changes that take place in an active part of the brain.
My first writting.
In generaly,_ it is meant to symbolize that I should be loved by many people and also love many people.
But in fact,_ my father had a fovorite child at his workplace when I born,_ and her name was ``AI``.
But I like my neme very much.
We cant communite very well.
I laothe english.
Like I said before, I will keep movimg on.
The newscaster said that in Islington the number of cars runnning on the street has genuinely decreased.
The univeristy try to push students to communicate, and use a lot of English for studying.
That was realy realy interesting!!
The aftershock is coming, the nucleare problems haven't been solved and victims of the tsunami have not been rescued yet, but I believe we can repair the broken city.
I like ``Toy Story 1.`` I hane watched it more than ten times!!
In other words in English, 'The whoopper is very delicious'
Today's lanch
I like spycy and ethnic food, so I sometimes have Thai or Indian food.
To take in nourishment, I endevor to cook light dishes through trial and error.
But, I am not goot at cooking...
It was very windy last naght.
It is especially exceccive today.
I thought the stuff is too exprensive. I can't afford it.
My friend He spent 400 yuan to buy a cloth. He is very pround because the cloth is a famous brand.
But when you receive t the jeans, you find this jeans is diffrent from the picture.
Eiglish is difficult for me.
tremendous damege from the earthquake in Japan.
Now, over 1000 peaple have died or are missing.
Sendai, one of the biggest cities in Japan, was heavily dameged by the tsunami.
It was the biggest qiake since we began to measure earthquakes.
I cought a butterfly.
After that, I sometimes caught other butteflys.
There were some foreign toureists
Her occapation is as a beaucian.
They were very kind to me and their house was confortable.
My scool is ACE, Australian College of English.
I love flwers.
My best score today is 89points, and today's avarage is 85 points.
A Headace
I hate math, so I allways get a bad score,
Some people say that simply read through the words is enought to memorize those words.
Some people divorced 25 minits after they got married!
I was very surprized to see this news.
But I think it depends on their personarity, so that can't be the only the reason.
Reading is very funny and excitting for me.
My body is heaby.
Today, I was very unfortune.
It seems like a (very) geat community.
I'd like to make use of it, and iimprove my English ability.
It's one of the parts of speech in Japanesese grammar.
That is absoluly fantastic awards I'd never seen before.
He's act in the Dark Knight was Amzing.
I think that the train stopped and I couldn't come home becaues of the typhoon.
When a typhoon almost comes the train stops at my office neary the statiom.
I became very scared and decited to be careful from now on.
Last week a paster said that we had to take a pious attitude during Lent.
The date of Easter is decided each year according to a given rule of the church, [/ BLUE] and the dates of Ash [BLUE] Wendnesday and Good Friday depend on the date of Easter.
This year Easter falls on April 12th, so Ash Wendnesday was on Feburuary 25th, and Good Friday is on April 10th.
Many Christians fast on Ash Wendnesday and Good Friday, and the mony saved from the fast is given to poor people.
Lacky me!
He is marriaged to a Japanese woman,
And had mongolian traditinal boiled mutton's leg.
I realized the necessty of English for global communication like this.
Today I went to school, because we will start our new semerster the day after tomorrow.
I'm into holoscope these days.
His Paformance is attractive.
I'm glad I can join thise site and meet many new friends.
Having a phone call when their roomates are reading.
Washing things when their roomates are sleeping.
Thanks to this journal I rememberd the washing!
I'm looking forword to meeting them!!
My sister's family picked us up and then wer went to the Korean BBQ restautrant.
We haven't been there in nealy a year, so we were so excited for their food.
I ate eatwatermelon, and caught beetles.
It's a precios memory.
The old house was remodeled.
Hatupousai is Chainese food.
I fried many vegitable, shrimps, and cuttlefish.
The victims of the tsunami and the radiation leaks are suffuring from a serious shortage of food,_ water, medicine and heating oil.
I was impressed with both contries.
I am 20 years old and studying in a univeristy in Taiwan.
I think I will start trying to write my jornals in Japanse, but I'm using Engish as the (median) supplement since my Japanese is so poor!!
Anyone who can help me correct my jornals will be greatly appreciated!!
Yesterday, I posted an entry for peoplo to correct and no one did.
I have to returen some books.
The Japanese person is a gril. Her name is Ami. Me and her are the only two gril in the calss, so we are very good friends.
Our human should unite togerther to build a United Human Republic.
I have already wached the first one.
I am not good at writing essey.
I have poor grammer.
I am working at a restrant.
Thamk you!
We were imppresed because the illumination was very beautiful.
Today is the startig of my 4 day holiday.
Out of all foods, it is the most delicous
Please check my crumsly English.
It had a lot of thinds.
When drinking with friends I'm not well aqauinted with, I have to say '' I have to be up early so I can study tomorrow '', ``I left the oven on`` or ``I think my boyfriend is having an affair, so I have to go home and catch him red-handed`` (of course, the last two were jokes) in order to interrupt a conversation and go home early.
In summer, the weather becomes hot and severe than usuall so we haven't much work to do.
My cats are running aroud energetically in the house.
I'm chainese.
I'm good at sprots.
Repeat this 20 times, then put your hands on the back of your backhead, and repeat.
I was in the lab untill 11pm because I had a lot of things to do.
My alam clock
I alway set up my alam clock.
The alam voice is a music.
I think I have to change the alam voice to be noyierso that it can make me get up early.
I've been interested in English since I was a young gril.
I still cannot imporve it as fast as possible....
My writter neither...
She bought a lot of things in the web and spend a lot of maony.
2ne1's chams attracts people.
Although I'm also fond of watching other singers 'performances, these days I'm sure that 2ne1's perfomence makes me feel good.
I also know that the eliminatin of nuclear weapons is nearly hopelessly impossible.
regarading earlier posting
I wrote a brog post for the first time on this site some hours ago.
I had a graduation examination yesterdar and today.
I `m expecting Japanese figure skater Mao will get the goald medal.
12 year artwork project ``Story to build a ship``, This project works by PH Studio (group of architectures and artists and photographers) and people living in this vallry.
It was not until then that I actually felt I was in Europe, which is quite differnt from Japan.
I think I got sick from overexposure to air comditioning..
At that time, the weather was so hot that I was wearing a lessveless dress.
So I shived in the cold while watching the movie.
:) The pictures that I have attached are not cleard because they were taken with a mobile-phone camera, but you can feel the joyful atmosphere.
But I will rather buy my safety and comfatable
There are so many aaants in my house especially around the kitchen.
Taipei New World Mall boasts all kinds of shops, spoiling tourisms and passerbys with their boutiques, snack stalls, apparel stores, video game stores and so on.
I had good experiences to comunicate with people of diverse nationalities.
In diaries that other sutudents wrote on lang-8, the word ``busy`` stands out.
I haven't cooked rencently because of work.
I wouldn't say that I am a vegetalian, though I love all kinds of vegetables!
And I realised that even my childish laugh had disapeared.
But I am trully surprised.
Today was a liesure day, because I didn't need to go to work.
I got up late, then I felt confulesed--what should I do?
Wind flowed, clouds were beatutiful, the sun was so hot.
My kids have changed my thougt.
Then, we entered the same high scholl and joined the volleyball club again.
What do you think of my pronuciation, to be honest?
The report noted that the student hung herself in her bathroom with a terrible pose directly because the school rejected her mother to live togather with her in the student apartment.
As a young person, I knew; either for others or for myself; I shold work (in order) to live.
I'd like to make friends with everybody, to know each other and make progress togather.
My other firend and I were impressed by his comment
Ohh how surpised I didn't think I would see them there..
I wish that snows would be melted by tommorow night.
Arfter that, My Korean housemate came to my room and told me he had tried to made Krean food and eat it.
I am studing English hard these days because I want to expand business in the world.
I usually use our dialect, so peple ask ``Are you from Osaka?``.
``Yes, of couse.``
I occasionally watch TV ploglam.
It is the last year for me to be in the univeristy.
So I want to go to experience and campare personally
It is btter to travel than to read voluminously.
After that, I dropped in to a carrer center in uni, and wrote a report on job hunting.
Every stuedent has to hand in the report, so that it will help the students who will go on a job hunt next year.
I reccomended to him to download a word file from a website, and told him how to put a photo on a document.
Do you belive that Mary is going out with Tom?
Tom was a quite, handsome man, (don't pretend you don't remeber him!
But I still have no ability to write or to speek on an acceptable level.
I fenished my job today. (^ ^;)
I'll go shower after writen this sentence.
I want to know abouto foreign comics.
After (?) Openning the window, rain drops come into my room.
Before it came to my house, it was my grandfater's.
I saw each year a countdown festival from bradocasting on television.
But she recieves a small salary.
I always feel excited when I go to Karoake.
Suprisingly, he bought presents for me and my friend.
Today is reiny in my hometown.
I think Saiunkoku is a fun story but the thema is politics.
As my homework is so heary, so I haven't watched any drama.
They are the reason that I have difficulty writing oftenly.
Recentry, I don't feel well.
I just don't know waht to do when he is grumpy and disappears.
The third son recently hung on to somotyhing to stand up for the first time.
However, he is very dangerous because he very often falls andoversets.
Those years were great, I met so many people from diffrent countries. I liked them all. The world is so interesting. We are all are so diffrent, but we are all human. We have the same wishes, the same fears and emotions...
Hi everyone, I'm Chinese, and I'm studying Englis and Korean now.
Now I totally regret my behavier.> <
The most precious moment was when I passed the final interview for going to Vancouver for the inter skills training program as one of the representitives for my university.
Lastly, I feel grateful to Byron for helping me improve my English and encouraing me to practive everyday.
I was smilling shyly in the pictures, and looked happy.
That is meanless, in addition, This word must make me walk back.
He is the most interesting and well-ingormed person I have ever seen.
He told me that there are many treatures in books.
Moreover, he loves to travel to diffirent countries.
I remeber that I wrote one diary yesterday here, but I can't find it.
return gifts as a token of thanksness
I think that it is important for Japanese to show 'a token of thanksness' in some way if we receive a gift or favor.
Any way, desire of studying or learning by inspiration helps us not to learn at high level but helps to learn for discoveing the real wrold.
The little pies and chocolate pumps at a candy store little popular but with nice swetts.
it doensn't make sense.
The whole city is pluged in confusion and sadness.
I was despiced X (
Rose shall retuen again!
nihonggo daisuki demo
It is a convinience with many transportation sites.
I prefer to swim in a swimming pool because I don't like getting a sunburn, butI sometimes I want to swim in the ocean.
They have been supporting me whenever I'm in troble.
One of my doble majors is Chinese literature so I applied to the student exchange program.
However, when I was young I also got interested inEnglish because I started listening to Pop Songs (especially rnb, hiphop:D).
However, to ME, the most important thing compared to what was said above is our relationshop!
So you have to study it very hard. ``I have to say that's ture.
You just have no gift in studing foreign languages.
You should just take pride in yourslfe, because you can speak the most difficult language in the world, Chinese. ``
Writting an English diary is a new way.
The glasses I bought are light and taugh more than my old one.
Studying at colledge is a lot of fun. I've met nice friends and I have wonderful teachers.
I'll try the TOEIC in the next six months. I've decided to study hard and earn a high score, so someday I'll be able to talk English fluentry with you.
Boys especially behavior like this.
What I can do is to wish him a pleasant jourary and fly higher in the future.
I have tried to find the reason, I think there are two: one is that I did 't get a good start, which means my colleages don't like me very much.
They just keep making fun of me, and they don't distribute some of their work to me, but to another colleage who came this compang later than me.
This month, I faced a lot of difficulties, one is about work, and another is zbout a relationship (actually it's also about work, because what I am going to talk about is difficlt to deal with-the relationship with my colleagues, and some of them are my roomates.
Usually, I like cooking, but my roomates don't like it.
This kind of things always happens, but I'm not usded to it, I am innocent, I haven't done anything wrong.
After so much time without a single word here I have decided to return to my blogg again.
I stueying English.
At the meeting, I had to explain the doccuments I wrote.
I planned to visit my wife's parents this weekend, but my wife won't be going back together with me since she has to receive one-day's training in onmodern management on Saturday.
I already need to sleep again because I need to get up early tomorrow moning.
Moreover, overseas visitors chose June nad January in second and third places with around 600 thousand respectively.
Furthermore, similar treands are reported except a siginificant decrease in September with just over 600 thousand in 2004 compared to around 350 thousand in 2005.
In terms of the top 5 countries, the talbe shows that Japan, Australia, the USA and South Korea were the commonest countries as tourists to Britian in both years.*
The top 3 countries did not show big changes in their percentages, although Japan was reported as the first country in 2004 and became the second with the only nagative change of 2%.
But many people think that it's a sahme for an adult like me to be a fan of this story!
But I cannot do anithig about it.
I've alredy read all five books (including the last one, written from Edward's point of view and its fan fiction) first in English and then in Russian.
I restarted studing English last month.
I quit studing English 6years ago.
There are a few sounds I can't pronunce yet:. For example, I don't know how to roll my R.
A seriouly infected patient is a 6-month pregnant mom.
The eighteen year old mom has been confirmed with the 2009 flu. She revealed pneumonic symtoms and respiratory failure, she needed urgent treatment for her life.
PS: This is my first entrie.
But enexpectedly as soon as I got up in the morning on Monday one of my friends called me and told me that she wanted to visit my home. I'm was really happy and she came in the afternoon, brighting me delicious food which we ate while watching TV.
In the afternoon after she lefe my home suddenly another friend called me to go shopping on Tuesday.
Surprisingly, while I was eating my middle school deskmate called me and asked to meet in a coffe bar on Wednesday.
So on Wednesday I drank a cup of coffee in a coffee bar with my deskmate while we were chating and playing bridge.
The next morning my classmate called me and said that she had an upset stormache and she wanted to know if I felt ill as well, but luckily I didn't.
The cange's god.
It is chenges or bills.
Maybe There is a cange's god.
The cange's god, thank you very much.
I bought a lot of things that I loved including a buttle of sweet cream wine.
Yesterday I terned on the air-conditioner (or the AC), but today I terned on the heater.
I know the meaing of word, but
I don't understand the use of this pharse when it occasionally doesn't seem to suit the conversation.
This school's theme is: I will be a professonal business person and president.
The europe buildings were resplendent, elegant, and spirtless as they always are.
I want to be a scoial worker or a reporter.
I'm looking for goint out for dinner with her.
Thank you ffor commenting in my last journal, I feel better and better.
I figured out what it is was thet was bothering me.
I try caping with my life.
It helps to step foward from dispair.
Some students were runnning around the school.
I was not good at sports, and I did not like runninng.
But, lately I starated slow jogging for my health.
Some day I want to run a marathone.
One day, I found this website on the komica. It's a ACG website and I immeidetaly found that it's a very interesting website.
When I think of people who live far away communicating with each orther, I feel very excited.
The other smartphones are not very atrractive for me.
Reading Habbit
summerize the book using charts and graphs with just 1 piece of paper
read your book dirtly, don't save your books.
build specific point of view, write general subject like prizm, not just dig subject (?).
I went shopping at an erectric store.
I want a small parsonal computer.
It is very expesive.
I don't have enogh mony.
I want a lot of mony.
The population is on the decrease. More specifically, young people are leacing, and old people are on the increase.
On Friday we had American gests from New Oreans stay at our hotel.
They were so friandly, easy-going, talktive, even, and they just start dancing.
I've liked history since I was a child, and I studied it in univercity.
I didn't even look down, maybe by that time I'm a little sared too.
At that time, he knew that he must go or he would be a delious meal for the fox.
My wouk schedule is flexible.
I am a 23-years-old Japanese girl as I mentioned in my profile, and I mainly work as a kindergarden teacher.
I want to go to foreign contries and thought that Macao is good for me because of the language and the money.
After that, I listend to music.
I have several comporsary duties [compulsory already means 'which I must do'].
I awaken and I am very tired, totally exgusted from it.
There is a pharase in Korean like, ``Men have only three chances to cry``.
I must keep calm in front of my subordinaries, so I had to find somewhere they couldn't hear and see my weekness.
It's very peacefull because everthing fell asleep... except for me.
It publicate itself as 'L' ife is 'G' ood.
Of course, since it's only a semester-long course, it's not enough to cover all the problems there are, but it still can give a general impression on how complex and interesting this area of engeneering is.
I wonder if fornigners have a difficult time trying to speak Korean too.
Today (Japanese???) I wachied Tonari no Totoro by GHIBRI on TV
But I'm cheering Daiske Takahashi!! (?)
If you have some good abvice for me and find my errors, please tell me, I will thank you for visiting my blog!
I couldn't understand it completely, due to its historical background. After seeing the movie, I want to know the hisory of Spanish.
This morinig, I watched the movie (called) 'Beautiful Mind.'
I like to drink alchol; beer and Shochu are the best.
I started writting a Japanese diary entry.
I started writting a Japanese diary entry the day before yesterday.
Because I was not intersted in all of my studies in those days,
Now, I saw many people studying Japanese on this site, so I was growing more interst about Japanese.
I decided to start writting a Japanese diary.
I think that studing foreign languages will be one of my hobbies.
In the case of a movie or TV, the actor's speech is very fast, so I can't catch on normaly.
Today, I joined a local soocer club.
One Aussie guy was alreday sitting on the grass.
It was so greate, and it was Rock 'n Roll!
I think ther are a lot of good things about the bus here. I mean, most of the time they are clean, they have a sistem for people in wheel chairs, and they are big.
Taht day we played card games and chatted about summer plans.
Then we decited to go to the Taipei Water Park together.
It was not very exciting but intresting.
I like computers and the internent, and have& nbsp; read many books about& nbsp; them, such as The Microsoft Word by Bill Gates, The top of the wave by Wujun.
The dead lenguages.
We could not finish the work we planned on doing, becuase the customer got the wrong program.
The weather is vry hot here.
Hard schdule.
I feel I'm luckey and I want to take care of care my daily life.
Mia has no father, becouse her parents had divorced.
Many of our firends came and we had a good time.
I wish one day I could be an excelent teacher as they are now.
What we should do is respect them and try to inmprove teir lives.
Yesyerday, while I was on YouTube site, I found nice hip hop groups in Japan.
My major was internatilnal relations especially East Asia, as an undergraduate and graduate.
(It's new expressiton for me!)
``This is a kind of fundamental soya bean....``
We received a persent from the science club!
Her voice didn't sound as lovly as it used to.
I Iwaitted 3 hours for my mother to comehome.
In the hall, I listend to the lectures about which course to take in the future by two
midical interns.
I'm so worried about which course to take in furuture that these lectures are
I've been longing to make freiends all over the wolrd and enjoy chatt and spending a lot of fun time with them.
Avril Lavigne is my favorate singer.
And Japanese is prohibited from now on. ``It was a suprise attack.
Altough most students were calm, a few were shaking.
The notion I was not alone comfrted me somewhat.
I will post some essays in the furture and I hope anyone who reads my eassy gives me some suggestions.
I spent one day playing with and taking care of my addorable niece.
I will import the CDs to my WALKMAN tomorrow and I will listen to thie music every day.
Who are your favorite musicias?
But this quake bacame strong and someone shouted.
I have worked with DSK in kroea before,
I am sending our main products list as attahced.
Thus, I think it is natural taht parents are the best teachers.
It's so difficult for me to use English in my surounding.
I live deep in the mountains where there are no people who use Enlish.
We came back from Boston late on Sunday, so we colud pick her up on the way back to home, but the kennnel wasn't open last Sunday and Monday for pick-up, due to Memorial Day.
First, I saw the Japanese style armers.
For example, some armers seem brave, some dignified and some intellectual.
The weather forecast said, ``Pay attention to heavy rain till tomorro morning.``
Actually, the previous article I wrote was never crrecting.
What kind of promblems can this cause?
If people inve in other countries, they would experience the difference.
Connecting a city road system to make other free travel moreeasily and more quickly than steets and roads congested with many singing andlight bus stop.
Today it's raind so ~ ~ ~ ~ much!
but it raind, so I could not go out.
what happend today:)
I saw a TV program about the new year's marathon while getting ready for goin out.
Just the diaries of a stupid gril. that is nothing spciel.
This is becouse the light reflected off the water bottles repels the cats.
I think that is interesitng.
Soprts bicycles are expensive so it is necessary to be carefule when selecting a bicycle parking lot.
And I guess electirc toothbrushers make my teeth more clean than manual brushing.
I suddenly realized that it was time to pull myself together despite my parents 'broken marriage, and focue on studying again.
My friends taugth me how to use the computer well.
While we were going home, we tried to speak only English istead of Japanese.
Although our conversation proseed slowly, I thought that it was good idea!
I feel the diffrences between two sentences.
But I cannot explain the diffrences clearly.
I am in a ELD (English langusge development) class. If my English improves, I will take some science classes because I want to go to a good university.
However, I don't remeber what it is about or how good it is.
I paracticed playing this song today:)
Today, I dropped by a glasses store and bought a pair of sunglasses for my use on a short trip the day after tommorow.
Tommorow, I will wash my car with my elder daughter for the purpose of a short trip.
Then, I thoght I'd study English words while reading book.
Is there a book that you can recommend for biginer.
Do you know a book which you'd recommend for a biginer?
Acutually, we all felt that way.
'cause I blieve that to do one's best is important and valuable.
I'm not a ginius, I'm just a nomal person..
^ ^ but maby I can do it.
speaking of methed of studying English,
I beilive that Lang-8 is very effective and addition, it's free of charge.
usually I would work out, before swimmimg lessons, but I didn't do them today,
I rarely have an opportunity to work with foreigners, so it is a prime opportuniry for me!
I LOVED TAHT!
The temple was good to see and Seokgatap in the temple, which was constructed in the mid-eighth century was simple, but had a good blance.
The homework is to read a book witten in English, and write about the setting, summary, and my impression of the book.
: quated from ``Pay It Forward``.
He allowed me to, so I called my mom to pict me up to go to the hospital.
Itarian restaurant
Yesterday I went to an Itarian restaurant famous for organic vegetables in Ginza.
Theoritically, Indonesia is located in a strategic position.
And they were touched by beuty of Korea's traditional house.
Now it is neary 6: 00AM.
Parhaps, it will shock everyone.
I hope my poor words can descripe it clearly.
What's more? eah... wait for me to have a dream tonigh
2 days ago, at Yoyogi park, I drank wih my friend.
I was completely drunkn and fell aleep on a bench in the park.
By having this faith, I have the confidentence to face the next challenge presented to me and I am not afraid of facing problems.
Second, I want to go to my home in Hirosima prefecture.
I look forward to reading my diary after it's crrect!
In the future, I will take more time to read, because I like reading very much, and I want to have more kownledges about all over the world.
The job is difficult but it brings me a sence of fulfillment.
movies, news, novels, grammer, diaries, travel news and so on.
hello, it's the frist day I came here. I'd like to make friends with everyone.
I have to work hardwork for the meeting of our project in Sep.
In China, finding a good job is very harrd, in New Zealand it is 't so hard than China, but it's not easy.
When I missed getting off of a bus and was concerned wheather I could get to my home safely, the bus driver made the effort to make sure I got home safely.
It is that the weather in Seattle is very changable.
I miss my country's familiy, friends and food but I know there are lots of interesting things in Seattle.
So I hope you can correct my worng expressions.
we are gonna go wacth the musical ``the lion king``:]
Resently I got a new job.
I am not sure if they do drugs like drug addic or if they just did it once, because I heard it from someone else that I hardly even know.
So I decided I want to ask them face to face if they are drug addic or if they are dangerous, because I don't want to bejudgmental, talking behind their backs.
I want to make a friand!
I have friends in the UK and we exchage emails with each other but I make mistakes all the time.
I will write my journal and emails which I want to send my freinds.
I enjoyed many experience, such as Mekong river cruise, long tunnel of Kuchi, and shopping.
They have food that goes with drinks, such as fried rice, grilled fish, and Chiken karaage.
This September, I will be promorted to a position that requires me to fill out a lot of documents.
Please resolve my quesyion.
I've fainally finished school test last week.
I challenge cecondary level so I want to improve my English.
Yes, my handle name comes from the from famous musician Jaco pastourius.
I was very supprised, because his sound was very unique and very interesting.
I like learning languages, so I interviewd with a foreign exchange company.
A litle bird
We used to be more talkertive.
Refference:
The teacher said we can read toghether in 6 months to a year. (half or a year.
Or what do you recommand?
I'm a bigginer so please recommand easy ones! XD
So I buy a fiction named ``the Lost Symbol`` which written by Dan Brown, one of my favourate writer.
Hence, I am not good at speaking and listenig English.
How shoud I study to be able to speak and listen to English better?
I felt reflesh after a 90 minute nap.
Ican have breakfast for a half of the day, reading lj and planning smth for theday.
Before I posted it to tiwitter I had deleted it by accident.
Do you know that Japanease mobile phones are very high qualty and have many functions so they are very expensive items?
I have heard that there are simple mobile phones for average users and kind of pda for heavy users in foregin countries.
My Japanese collegues are morons, nobody can speak English well except for Seki-san.
I am going to take the test in Feburary.
Now sixteen years later I still take time off of work and study to play it very ofen.
I've nerver had formal training or a coach.
But I beleive I have a gife for this! Ysterday I found a website which has many people that live in my city who love this sport.
Also: according to past exeperience, the attendees are mostly professors, NGO staff, governmental associates, and university students who are related with this subject.
Dispite yesterday's continuous rain, the sky was completely clear.
I cleaned my room a little becase it's nearly the end of the year.
You are a worker of a large supermaket.
Maybe your supervisor has a trouble infoming somthing to all the workers.
Because the supermaket is very big.
When I listen to music through headphones a little loudly, sometimes I feel I am in my own small unversity.
It has become cold these days, so I bought oil for the air heeter.
However, I couldn't use it because the pump to pour the oil into the tank of the heeter was broken.
A raccon on the balcony
It was very surprising to see a raccon on the balcony!
Well, I'm living on the second floor, so it's a big quiestion about how he could get here.
I like it when I touch the keybord for the first time.
However, the typhoon is comming to Tokyo and will be here soon.
I was surprised by this number, because the iPhone, which is the largest competitor to the Nexus One, had sold over two handreds and fifty thousand in first week, according to this article.
My dad is the most ugly man in the world. I hate him hate him so much, what a horrible man he is. We hardly ever talk, and we are always angry when we speak more than 6 words, so I perfer to talk with a stranger than to him.
I have been satisfing with this vacation.
As a result, my study is prompted superefficiently.
I am a grade one uniersity syudent now. I've studied for two months.
How follish I am.
everybody has different plans& dreams in the their colledge life, I want to be a business man in the future and have my own company.
That journal was written by a japanses person.
I eat dounuts and drink coffee, of course.
I finished a chinese chracter's homework during break time.
When I took a bath with my younger daughter last night, she asked me, ``Can I get a baby with my tummy?`` Ske is 9 yaers old, a little chubby but watches her weight.
My American friend told me that she had a friend in Australia and we found out that her frined was a student at the university where I will take an English course.
After words, l went back to my home and watched the movie ``Btterfly Effect 3``.
I like to have a my own garden where I can plant some vegetables and herbs, set up a table outdoors so I can read and realx
In addition, another advantage of living in a house, it is much quiet than an apartant.
However, therere are also some advantages to live in an apartment, such as better location, cheaper rental then a house, close to public transports and variety of facilities from the apartment, For example, a bigger swimming pool, Gyms, theaters and a security system which is very important of our properties safety.
I wana study science in a university.
I like scienc very much.
But then I realize that I'll never learn how to if I dontn't make these mistakes, even if I get embarrassed because of them.
I lost my moble at a bus stop.
It is certainly a new way of communication wich we did not have some years ago that provides posibilities not available before.
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure wich of course can be found in other very old examples of our societies.
The brain of that computer is composed of 2 Bouble-Core CPUs.
I belive I can do it by Mac.
Short time ago I read my acquintance's diary in mixi talking about lang-8.
There are three words which mean the same thing as ``result`` meanslol!
I met one of my friends who I have been best friends with sinse we were high school students.
I had a plesant time ^ ^
He has a very global philosopy.
They talk everyday in lovery voices.
If you are free, please check my sentense.
The theme of the lesson today is net play and practicing vollay.
ever since I came to this school, I have kept tolding myself never
Actually one of co-workers is complaing about her cuz she is strict on everything like cleaning, manual and so on.
Sometimes I really like to live here, but I feel sad ofter.
In October of laast year, I went to a Chinese restaurant in Fort Lee with my friend and her five-year-old daughter.
Nevertheless, my friend kept telling me that they served delightfull meals/ dishes, especially shrimp dumplings and wonton soup.
I didn't undersand what she meant by that phrase.
She replied, ``I said it's my treat.`` I was comfused, but I finally got the meaning.
When I was a high school student, I lernt it/ learned it as ``Be my guest.``
Ttip to India! Please correct my diary
I hope the nuclear emittions will be stopped as soon as possible!
Are these three the right expresstions?
I can talk to meny people.
So, I can/ get to learn some English from ther.
I watiched a debate between Toshinao Sasaki and Son Masayoshi on Ustream.
Sasaki guesses reform would need an application layer before rebuilding an infrastracture layer.
Math quesiotn
Let me talk again about my rubbiish story.
I feel more confortable in them than shoes. ``
Please tell me the differences bitween these two sentences,
I recieved a picture card from a male friend of mine.
He is an archtecture, designer, gardener, and a ceramist.
He has a broad maind and he is an independent person.
He grows rice and vegitables for his own needs.
I want him to get marrid and have a family.
Becides, I have to admit that I am a playful boy.
However, I think that I will have fun with lang-8 as I am interactin with people on the world on the web!!
on the other hand, I don't belive that I am loved
And let me know if you have any reccomendation for places/ food etc in Ho Chi Minh city.
such as Manga, Music, Snowbord, food etc.
Resipe for ``Okonomiyaki`` is very easy.
But this food is very derisious. ``Okonomiyaki`` is a local dish in Osaka.
So I took an aspirine and it went away.
Without a doult, Obama got what he wanted.
Will Martin say his dream come ture when he hears of this news up in heaven?
not attack China as much as before, this has made Chinese peolpe observative the two candidates in a more objective way.
I don't use the air conditioner and every nigthts feels so hot.
My favorite season is Autum.
So I didn't go to my English school and canclled my trip to Nagoya....
Fortunately, the job is finished at the end of this month ~ Then I am going to travel to hokaido.
I have stayed in another Joy for a really short time [?], and I left there because of an event that I could not edure.
I am so appy to join this site. Thanks in advance to all of you who help me.
Today I was drawting a lot of pictures.
becouse I had an appointment with my friend.
In my living memory, I've nver seen someone who can survive without the help of nutrients that are mainly provided by food.
It's no woder someone in Japan brings up this subject although we don't need to be worried about our food for the time being unless something irksome affects the food markets.
Therefore my brother temporarily adopted the stray, who is more loving and well-behavior than my own puppy.
Today was an ordinaly day.
I woke up and went to university, a part time job at Starbacks and then home.
I think Oden is a uniqe Japnese food.
It is an easy to cook and econmical meal.
I have no idea about grammer... and vocab...
But, my English is my biggest plobrem...
We ate okinawa cuisine together.
I go to work almost every day so it seems a little bit hard but it is fun to work with my coworkers, and I have to earn money for my working holliday, so this noodle shop is the best place I've worked so far.
I arrived at my first distination, Montreal, two days ago.
And due to the distance from Toronto, the time zone between two was plas one hour on Toronto time zone.
I missread it as she was good be born as good cooking person.
Thinking in foreign launguage.
In adittion, when I encounter daily things, I have started to describe daily events.
But Japnese's advantages, as it may seem, is a paradox.
If I have my owon house, I would like to try ``DIY``:).
Maybe I was gradually becoming Chinized?
Greeting with strainger is a wonderful habit.
Today is the Larntern Festival which I love very much.
The story comes from a manga in a magazin for adults.
Watashi wa Torukojin dese.
It is one of the most popular atraction, but I was able to ride it soon, I only watied 5 min.
I managed to ride 12 atraction and Sprash Mountain was the best of all of them.
I wanted to ride Space Mountain but it was closed because of mentenance.
The electorical palade was sooooo beautiful!!!
When I got home, I still felt as if I were riding roller coster.
I will talk about the advanteges and desadvanteges of a computer because I want talk about the advanteges.
About the desadvanteges:
At first, I thougt I just had a hangover.
I shoud stop working and go home right now....
And I'm sure that I sounded funny and akward because I just created most of the expressions right off the top of my head.
although the first price is chanegs, my expectation isn't changed.
I'm wating for May for my travels to begin.
In the beginnig of our relationship, he made me dinner that consisted of fried meat and instant mashed potatoes.
Honeycomd& hive
Here in my citi there are a lot of buildings, and there are also a lot of museums and parks. Our problem is that in other years you could walk across the streets free, without problems. Now, at this time, it is imposible because of security problems.
Bracelona.
Faced agaist Real Madrit.
I went back tomy seat and drank the caffee.
My parttime-time job is from 3 times to 1 time per week.
congraturations!
and today is our domitory festival!
I'm a domitory student council member.
As a result, I regist an account immediately and began to look for some friends whose goals or hobbies are similar to mine.
Theer is an exam about house building in Octorber.
So far I don't miss Japanese food very much because there is a large Chinese supermarket in the neighborhood. I can get vegitables, fish, tofu, soy sauce and many things to cook for myself.
I really regret not going to my colleage reunion!
I missed my colleage reunion.
Which is more popular in your contry?
Today I changed my celler phone to a BlackBerry.
Of course, including ``Lang-8`` to improve my English skil.
However it is a dilenma.
but the recrute is going to come soon.
I like to focas on my feelings.
A podcast is a free intenet service that supplies you with numerous topics in various languages.
People that host podcasts for begginers speak about/ on topics at a slower pace.
If you don't use podcasts, then I strongly reccomend that you use them.
Even so, I believe that Podcasts are still a verry effective way to learn a forein langueage.
Recentry, I've been going to an English Conversation school on the weekdays.
she spoked to me in a clear voice, and she knows a little Japanese because she lives in Tokyo.
Rather than that, it seemed to be from norvice to an intermediate level.
My name is Akito. I am18 years old and am a University student. I live in Shizuoka in Japan. Mt, Fuji is in Shizuoka. Why then, do you know Okinawa in Japan? I l ived in Okinawa before I moved to Shizuoka. I love Okinawa. There are many great things such as the clear blue sea, very delicious fruits, and native animals.
By the way, I want to study abroard after two years for learn Engish and a different culture. But, I am troubled about where I should go. My senior advised me to go to America or Australia. In his opinion, in America, American English is spoken and in Australia, Blitish English is spoken. So I should select them. Where do you think I should go?
I have little time to sutady becouce work began.
I'd like to introduce my houmetown.
It is the tallest mountain in Kyusyu.
It takes 1 hour and 10 minutes to get there from Yakushima ariport.
I'm studing art at Zhongyang Meishu Xueyuan (CAFA).
Outside of art, I like shopping,_ play the trumpet, guiar, piano,_ studying languages,_ taking pictures, cooking, watching movies, etc.
Encantado conocerle.
Today is Satur.
I got up early in the moring and did some exercises with my mom in the park.
Since last year, I have been studying ecinimics for a civil survice examination. (Sounds better.)
I thught that might be why I can't be good at it.
Today, An unpleasant thing happened,, One of othodontic appliances came off.
I have to go and see the Othodontist tomorrow.
brillint.
Recentry I can talk with them more smoothly than before, so I had thought my speaking skill is growing!!!
But in fact, thier listening skill is growing:D
I atteded the wedding party.
I wear contact lenses instead), unmblellas, scarfs, jewelry and so on.
Even at home, many things disappear, so I'm always fooking for something.
Yesterday I watched the moive Blood Diamond on the internet.
The story is about a diamond smuggler (Leonardo DiCaprio played this role) who meets a fisherman by accitent.
Chiristmas Party
Howevey, I also know technologies have been changing very fast and the cost of the products are decreasing quickly so I decided to buy middle range products.
I am satified.
Howvere, there are a lot of blog sites, which is the best?
At that time, there was a docter on the train and he was OK.
Anyway I think that they shouldn't learn bad Italian words expecially because what it is said could be very hurtful in your mother tongue.
Since I finished my Chinse writing assignment at school
It is very srilling and fun!
He looked fatter and he said ``singapole food is very nice!``
Certainly, singapore food is so good!
Ofcourse we took a picture together and after that we had a dinner in a thai restaurant which alongs the singapore river.
Maybe I should go to bed earier.
Have you decided what presents to give your friends and familiy?
The website said they sent exams result out last Wenedsday.
Today, two people didn't attend lab becouse they had a cold.
Now, people are catching colds easily becouse the season is changing from sammer to fall in Japan.
You shuld take care of yourself too.
English is vey difficult
Another song ``Kidz`` sung by Take That has (their) MV on the Youtube.
According to the theories of the great psychologists, I analysised myself, encouraged myself, and enlightened myself.
Actually it tastes good but sushi as raw fhish on the rice is definitely better ~:)
I watch Koby Brient the most.
We ate many humbergers because we were very hungry.
(But this was a big misstake.)
But the problem is my cousin seems like a mysophobia.
I baked chocholate pie and apple pie in the afternoon.
I'm preparing for a college entrance examination because next year I wil attend a college for further study.
So my resolution is to continue buying lotteries in order to pay for the expences.
But I try my best to heip those who are learning Chinese.
So that's the first dariy that I publishse here.
Moreover, doing churus in class brings them together.
Each one feels he or she is a member of the class and through singing they bond with thier classmates.
Apart from preparing for studying examinationand learning capacity examoination.
Morover, it will be more fun than studying by myself.
Second, I often help my friend who studies better than I do with my favorite subjects, except (?) for English such as writting, reading, etc.
When I was a high school student, I had a rival to increse my studying skills.
Finally, studying with classmates will give me great oppotunities to make a lot of friends who like to study with others.
I could get used to wirkung with many companies who can give me some kind of advice to run the company.
For these reasons, I prefer studying with friends rather than shuding alone.
Hellow,
I want to practice my writing skill, so I enterd this SNS.
What are your favorite chatting toos? QQ or MSN?
We got gethering to celebrate the day.
I just smiled and said ``Mom I'll get merried this year!``
I might have dreamed, but I counldn't remeber. But it gave me a headache.
I haven't finished writting new year's cards yet.
I may need to have a narve extracted if I feel any pain today.
I want to spek English.
I put it into my computer, then my Media Player showed ``under constraction`` as the tytle of the CD.
I would like to leaen real English.
The lesson of this story is that if you invest in artst's works, you should resarch the age and health condition of the artsist.
I wanna know many countries and talk to diferent people, know different diferentcultures not from tv, but in real life.
in the picture above is the city that I live in, the upperview is so beautifull!
And now I'm oficially on vacation, so I've decided come back home for one month, with my mom and younger bro.
Then I will exert myslef to study.
This is a very encouraging animation, so I recomend you guys watch it!
There is very very small pond in my greden.
I (previously) mentioned that I wanted to watch Incepition.
It was a very compricated story, but because my Engilsh teacher had told me the basic story, I could almost (/ just about) follow the story.
I'm pround that Japanese actor Ken Watanabe plays an important role.
I felt that a typhoon carried someting adventurous.
I think it is diffecult.
And It is esay to find people who are you looking for.
But it was blamed by many mixi users and it was callpse just one day.
I guess I want to cominucate with friends who study language.
(In Lapan, it has become popular for people, especailly business workers, to get together and study in the morning.
I surelly depend on my iPhone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is reaaly nice day for me, because this morning I found some money in foront of my house.
The motorcycle came to my home, I don't havea a license for motorcycles over 400cc yet.
I like something simple, so my fovorite coffee is an americano.
The owner of the cafe is very kind, the price is not expencive.
It is mysterous.....
I have difficulty explaing the rules in English, so you may not understand.
Today, it was extremelly cold!!
Students at many unicersities in Japan are requered to study a foreign language, usually English.
I succeeded in comunicate with them because English was spoken.
Today I had a graduation exam and missed many guestions.
I always have trouble keeping up with the rythm,
The story is about a woman who travels to Itary, India, and Bali (in Indonesia).
So I'm a bit nervous but I am looking forward to studing English here!
I thik language is very important, because who study various languages has more opportunuty.
I have two favorite books.
I am sorry about that.), Chamber of Secrets, Prisoner of Azkaban, Golbet of Fire, Order of the Phoenix, Half-blood Prince, and Deathly Hallows.
Dumbledore is the principal of the magic-school, named Horgwart.
I envy the author's emagination.
And he wrote a very awful letter like 'I won't thaks you for the present.
I'm looking forfard to it.
As an English teacher I should encourage students to write more so that they can review and grasp the knowledge well, such as words, prases and sentence structure.
Of course, teachers themselves must have a good understanding of grammar and expressions so that they can give stidents right and instant correction.
When a thphoon comes, elementary schools are closed.
HALLO!!
In this way, autonomous enrollment is a good additional procedure for Colleage Entrance Examination.
For another, Colleage Entrance Examination is a only way for students to enter Colleage before emergence of Automonous enrollment.
Therefore, Automous enrollment is benefical for students to do their best.
Taking into account of all these factors, we can draw the conclusion that Autonomous enrollment is necessay not only for universities, but students as well.
I have a good Korean frinend.
He in on doctrial course.
I went to a korian restaurant.
Additionaly, I learned about many delicious foreign dishes when I came here because there are many foreign restaurants here.
My favorit foods are Thai food, korian food, and hamburgers.
korian food is a little bit similer to Japanese food, so I like it.
I love green cury because it tastes spicy and sweet.
I think American food is more yammy than japanease food.
Because of this, my weight increases litle by little, but I enjoyed today's lunch.
These rights guarantee equority without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex,
Because of it imported goos become cheaper.
At the same time, I have started to learn Jepenese so that I can watch Jepenese T. V. programs.
I'm a Korean colleage student.
But it will cost about 50 trillion yen to realize this plan, so it is supposed that the consumption tax will be raised by 4%, health insurance premiums will be raised by 2% and premiums for nusing-care insurance for over 65 will be doubled.
It's made from roast cereals and doesn't contain any coffeine.
My favorite music! Part 2
my frist entry here
nighttime, I either went to the library or had a wolk with friends on
the athlete groud for more than two hours to practice our cantonese
going to skate togher.
Houever, the service industry is really intresting.
The dishes were very delisious, but I got the same dishes also 1 month before.
There was a dramatical change in the youngest group, but the two other groups showed gradual increases as well.
He was very the one who had been teaching me and keeping me safe before the accident happended.
How can I meke her like memorizing words?
This picture is our national flage.
It is a peareful country.
We Welcom you!
We orderd chicken dishes.
I have to buy a chcket, pay travel expenses, and book a hotel.
I'll spend much maney this summer.
When you draw natural things like trees, stones or clouds it doesn't metter how the line goes.
I bought theipod touch with 64GBs, because I want to download a lot of autio books for now.
Still there seems to be a pile of arduous taesks in front of us.
My phone rang [past simple] at 0 o 'clock hmhm a new messager is the first in my day.
We could enojoy karaoke more than ever.
cooking is splended.
As commander in chief, the game user has to manage money, resources, supplyment, equipment, military forces in order to command an space army and defeat the enemy.
So I want to see a lot of things, and talk to some peaple.
Tis trip will be a great pleasure for me.
Ramadhan is coming, so I will have a lot of time to stay at home and do nothing.
Today, I will try to think about the ways of studing.
So some people say a way of studing is good, but other people say this method is bad.
I have read dozens of books about ways of studing.
Because this journal is really long, I will write a concrete way of studing tomorrow.
She is studing and works now too and she is paid about 500 $ a month.
Yesterday, I recieved my TOEIC results.
Hello, I am tdesesk. I am from Spain and I am learnig English to speak with my friends and to understand people when I go to other countries.
becourse he always talk big and he is mean.
2 yorks in my bowl, every morning.
It is an international and professional organization. The members can improve their speaking skills by givig speeches.
I hope someday I will be able to talk fluently in front of the public without tention:D
Other than that, we also need to turn in (or submit) a group project assignment of 15 pages and have one group presentation and one individual oral prezentation.
Yesterday, I signed up for the correspondence cource.
The contents of the cource consists of hearing English for 1000 hours in a year.
According to the explanation of the cource, it is generally said that about 1000 hours are required to get used to hear foreign language accurately.
The cource costed about Fifty thousand yen.
It was not low but I could pay for it by the welfare progrum which my company are offered to me!
The cource will begin in next month.
I feel neverous right now.
But I hve no idea how to stand out during the interview.
I'm so nurves....
So praise God I can take the class, and hopefully everything will be ok until the end of the semester.
Well, even though it is September, it's scorchingly hot today.
They are so strenge!
If I will go to oversea, I would like to see munument!
I think there are so many monuments that are fashonable, and strenge in other countries:)
Today I discovered an amasing work of art and a good atist.
I think that his artwork is miraculous and beautyful.
When I went out for work, the temparature was onry-10 degrees.
I usuealy work until 5: 00 PM from 8: 00 AM.
I understand now why I couldn't write anything; it was because my motivation came from showing off/ looking good to other people, not from a desire to express my criativety.
ESL Podcasts are for English beginners and it's easy to listen to thier pronunciation.
I went to my University thise morning.
To be a telemaketer for the day.
Thise topic was ``No smoking at work``.
Reapting the same questions again and again was vapiditive.
First I want to learn English, so if you want to help me I will be very gratefull.:)
The first people who take paid leave (days off?) in 1936 go camping and danse the tango under the windows of a britain manor.
Another reallity makes trouble in the manor: the influx of foreigners coming from Germany to escape the Nazis.
This happiness dissapear because of the agitated defenders of Occident.
Studiing English and massage
She has a nice bodyline and beautiful legs.
We're trumbling together, to get more clear that what is tender
Although it might be tiny numbers compared to the US market, we've begun to ren or purchase movies via the internet.
Today is a very comforortable/ pleasant/ nice day,
hello, I'm interessing in learning english but it's very difficult for me...
I'm learning English and Japanise.
I want to speak English and Japanise better>-<I think I should study more!
My lunch today is fride rice and fruit.
The leaves change thair color to red in November.
I have many doreams.
I think all are future tence.....
I woke up in a very good mood, but the sand in the wind was very strang. A strang wind blew the sand in the air, although it was not much sand so I could still see the sun. But the sky changed to gray. That was the first time I have seen sand in the air.
Dehehe.
He is an English teacher at the stitute where I'm teaching.
The answer is a Japanese celemony.
Japanese children are wearing western cthothes usually.
but now the 753 celemony is more simple.
I'm affraid Japanese traditional celemony are smaller than old times.
since I opend this web page last time lol
I don't know what bad tranlations are.
v valantine's Day.
Of couruse, I'm included.
It made my taste change spaicy!
Ater that we enjoied shopping and became tired, so we went a cafe.
After hiking, we went to a Japanese Sushi restaurant in Okland.
On July 24th, an earthquake with a sesmic intensity of upper 6 occurred in Iwate prefecture.
Fortunally, buiding damages were small.
I desided to translate a short story (well, actually it's not that short!) by Somerset Maugham ``The force of circumstance``.
But for my dismay right now I can remeber only one of them.
Reading these books helps me learing English, but it is bad for the store if I never buy them.
Electorical supply store
I was happy just looking and imagining what life would be like with thme.
The surgery was about 20 minuetes or so.
Theere were 6 or 7 pieces.
He cleaned and stellerized it.
I'm OK now, but every time I eat something, food gets stuck in there and I feel very umcomfortable.
The reason is, fiest of all, that he has a lot of knowledge about architecture that he is always willing to pass on to his students.
However, in fact, I don't know, and I'm afriad about the exam next year.
About The Canadian International Doragon Boat Fastival.
Dragon boating appeared in Vancouver as a demonstraition sport at-Expo 86.
The peolpe raced out in their fish boats and used their oars to keep the fish and water dragons away from his body.
But it so exciting to know something about a foreign education sistem.
I felt English was really interestig!!
So, I wanted to become a costomer service agent at the airport.
I am learnig English and Chinese now.
It is funny for me to waching sters while thinking about myths.
When I try to charge on a customer's credit card, I call a company called 'Authorization Centre' in Japanese in order to get the transuction number from the company.
I'm studying Japanese teaching and I want to live in a forign country.
Reacentry I studied English hard to improve my TOEIC score.
These sucide bombings have taken place universaly so the United Nations officals felt obliged to investigate. The situations told by witnesses who claimed to have seen the incident were extraordinarily similar.
Though I'm not a follower of the press celebrity, when daily we are harassed by bad news, a wedding does stand out from the rather mortiferous current events which surround us.
What makes them so fanatic? As I grew up, I became a little bit buddhistic-minded, but I have not practiced any of the disciplines.
HE IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE SINGERS I TO LISTEN EVEN THOUGH IT HAS BEEN JUST 1 WEEK SINCE I FOUND HIM ON YUTUBE.
SINCE I 'M NOT INTERESTED IN LISTENING TO MUSIC, I JUST TRY TO IGNOR THEM.
IF I HAD TO DECIDE ON HIS BEST SONG AMONG ALL OF HIS BEAUTIFUL SONGS, I WOULD CHOSE ``BETTER TODAY`` INSTED OF JUSTIN BEBER WHO I LIKED BEFORE UNTIL MY FRIENDS SAID ``NO WAY!!!!``.
I find it is very diffecult thing to do.
In fact, I have a new dog two weeek ago!
Inspite his tiredness, it took a long time for Shu to fall asleep, which made me exhausted.
It is my wish that chidren become fond of mathematics in the future.
But, I'm a littele worried if I'll be able to when I'm hungover.
They were so delisious.
Havee a good night! Thank you.
When I rode home, the breeze smelled so sweety and anmiable that I felt just like a bird, soaring freely in the sky.
This election was my first big elesction.
I think it's a very big event and it is just a nomal thing too.
And I saw a TV dorama on PC.
We drank shampaign and beer.
We requested songs and drank some shampaign.
Sentence structure and grammer are very important when we write.
I hope this article is almostly correct.
I bought Draino yesterday.
Why are you waiting untill it fails? ``
A few days ago, I was really confident and believed I could do everthing. I could even act like a well-known actress.
I want my mom or my close friend to hug me whether I do well or not.
I have just started to write a dialy on Lang-8 today.
But I don't have self-confidense with letters.
A good frend.
I have a good frend, an e-pal, but I treat her as my frend.
She is an interesting person, I wonder whether the word ``interesting`` is right or not to descibe people, lol.
Although I am older than herI think we will be really goos frends,
I thought tomorrow is Sutarday, so I don't have to work, but my customer said ``Let's have a meeting tomorrow.``.
I shold have watched them before going there.
If you have kids, you can bring them there to jion the story-telling event.
When I chatted with my American friend about a Japanese hologram idol, Hatsune Miku, over Skype yesterday, he sent me two very funny video clips from YouTobe.
I am Ukrainan, but I live in Russia.
Ergo Proxy, Texhnolyze, Ghost in The Shell (I like movies more), Whitch Hunter Robin
It is an illastraion of girls dancing a fula.
A for a long time that it was not correct, because a cunjunction must be used in the middle of the sentense.
but I don't konw what to write.
This movie didn't meet/ satisfy my expectance, but it's still a good movie.
We may be as happy as can be to read the books which our favorite writers wrote or are about what we are interested in during the long nights in this most comfotable season.
There was an old man& nbsp; wating there, too.
It is the UEFA chmpion's leagu.
So I am writing a dialy and killing time.
I hope the drinking party will be over in a few minuetes.
I have been learnning English for five years and I have no one to communicatae with in English.
I want to go to Canada to study Engrish.
I was at sea this summer the ferst time.
Today, I thaught of a difficult grammatical concept.
Today, the water suppliment our neighbourhood was
I want to try a lot of thinds actively in this year.
We cosplayed as KOF, a popular Japanese fihgting computer game, and placed third in the Beijing area.
If I wanna make a foreign firend I must command this language.
Today when I woke up and brushed my hair, I found a part of my hair was ttangled badly.
Fianlly, I used the brush to comb my hair again and this time I was able to brush it through.
I am proud of the workers who are warking at to solve the nuclear power plant disaster.
In fulushima, although they are working hard, there is still no electricity.
both residents and Japanese natinal.
The rocks wiould be slippery and waves would be high, so we decided to cancel it.
My English graeds are still very bad.
I'm Japanese and university student in Kyoto which is the most histrical city in Japan. I'm majoring in cultural anthoropology.
Simply put, it's comparing a culture with other cultures in a histrically context. For example, if I study about a festive, I have to inspect the place, the histry, and refer to certian books.
Humnn, it's difficult to explain exactly. Anybody could passiblly be ``otaku``.
This theme is very challenging for me because the invstigation of the matter is still under way.
When I was a junor high school student, The Beatles 'best album`` One ``went on sale/ was released.
It brodcasted The Beatles 'promotion videos,`` Yesterday ``,`` Let it be ``and so on.
To be honest, it was not grat of a festival, but if it hadn't been rainy, I would have enjoyed very much.
I uplaoded a new picture as my avatar.
her classe's new teacher came.
She said that she was planning to visit eight studednts.
She staied at my home for only fifteen minutes.
The resolt was that there were two wins and two losses, so it was draw.
Their performance, music, jokes and color atmosphere were wonderful!:)
'You'll get fat!', they said and laught at me.
If I had to pickjust one, I would choose honor the most important characteristicI want in a friend.
Do you agree or diagree with the following statement?
As a result, I can learn English leanguage from native speakers with the use of a new internet service technology.
Yestaday an accident happend in my train.
In summer time, sex crimes on trains happend sometimes.
But if his company knew about it, He would be fred.
I am going to an outlet shop in Gotenba, Sizuoka prefucture, today.
I lived there untill graduating from high school, after I left Hokkaido afterward.
I felt very thanksful to my professor.
So, I stadied Chanese.
Chanese is very difficult.
going fisshing, taking a bath at the onsen, and swimming at the sea.
I will callenge this new job!!
Today I ate ``Abekawa mochi`` with my American friend at a garden of Shinto Shirline.
We are saved by your warm hert.
Plesase call me okinawa.
I have graduated from Shenyang Airspace University in july, I mayored in Japanese.
Can someone to search this book's Engish version?
So my stady has been very very poor.
spicy foods& cat's toungue
``I watched TV and learned that it's because the tangue's movement
People who have cat's toungue cannot avoid the part of the tangue which can sense the heat the best when we eat something hot.
They end up touch something hot by that part of the tangue which senses the heat the best.
The problem is the way the tangue moves. ``
My favarite recipe
I have some favarite recipes.
Of them, my most favarite recipe is acooked dish with beef and vegitable.
The trick of tasty food is entering spices which are Soy-sorce, Japanese-Sake and a Sapanese spice called ``Mirin``.
I have been going to driving shool since Feburary.
It is Valentain's Day!
bacause it's my mother in laws birthday.
I hope my whises are granted.
I like to watch TV. I like watching ``Spongebob squarpants`` but I don't like Spongebob, I like Patrick. He's so cute.
Rainny day.
I'm very happy becuase I wanted to learn English in more proper way.
It was ranning heavily today.
many things about my life on ranny days.
That factori makes toilet paper from using recycled paper.
I think taht much water is needed to make the paper and
recycling is very important for a susutainable society.
Of Ofcouse they asked us questions like what is life, what is die and what is a family.
Becaue the temperature of 37. 2 degree C in Taipei, was too hot to me.
In Nepal, many poeple consider it bad luck.
I learn lingustics at a university.
The languages I learn are English, Chinse and Korean.
It's hard to pronunce...
There are many girls in my course, but please don't get jelous of me.
About Archtecture
I answered: There are some issus remain to be solved.
It was with hoipped [?] cream and chocolate sauce.
(I watched ``My Cusin Vinny`` last night.
Barger King
but a few years ago there was no store in Japane,
I understnd about a harf of this radio program,
It's very good program for biginner in English.
This first restaurant is a traditional Korean restaurant that serves a style of Royal court food (that is) inherited from 500 years a ago, with the main ingredients being fresh seadfood and seasonal food.
Since 1988, this Chinese restaurant has run for 20 years because of it's clean sanitation, fresh igredient, and, by extension, delicious dishes.
Moa is the best restaurant for your health and extending your life with our refined and various Jeonbok disheds that are good for your body.
I went to Okinawa on my spling holiday with my friends.
I went to duty-free-shop, did scube diving, ate ``So-ki soba`` etc.....
We also went to ``Nago pinaple park``.
There are many pinaple foods.
I especially liked pinaple pie.
During the trip, it was rainy or crowdy.
yet I cannot speeak English very well.
antway...
Dear Japanese, you guys don't have the right to critisize the riots in London.
I can imagine that some of them think, ``See? Japan is a safe country. Fierce riots only happen in foreign coutries I am proud of Japan.``
Therefore, Japanese people don't have the right to critisize the riots in London.
His name is Igor Vladimirovich, and he professionaly plays volleyball.
I think that the pronuncation is pretty and fun.
Today, I began studing hard because I want to get a better score before I take a TOEIC test.
If you have some advice for studing English, please teach me how to study!!
I didn't know there was such a famous festival untlil
which means it was really fun hunging around!!
in winter of 2009, The movie 'AVATER' was released in japan.
Acturlly I didn't try my best to find a new job.
Beacuse I spend my time thinking what my favrite job is.
thease days I am thinking of becoming an actress to earn some money and also to kill time.
I will write about my business (I am salesman) and my hobbies (reading Japanese manga, playng poker-Texas Hold 'em-, playing video games, and cooking) on this diary.
We had pretty hot weather last week but the tempreature dropped down about 10 degrees since last Sunday and now rain start amd stop and start and stop.
because I work at a very famouse hotel.
The other students said ``Teacher, he doesn't want to learn, our main teacher said that you can let him out``, but I said ``If I do that, he will be poor in his studies becase he will miss the course and can't catch up with us!``
Today (15/ 12/ 2009) at Macquarie in Sydney, I'm studying in the computer room, it's so goog that I'm not late.
So last night Im went to bed before midnight but I don't like waking up early in the morning.
I hope that he is happy with his music and also with his doughter and wife.
Me llamo Tammy, escantado.
Such a thing has happend a few times this summer.
I want to become a fluentry English speaker.
Study animetion abroad.
He is studying Japanese animetion at school.
I don't know what kind of animetion he was studying?
But we had a nice conversation togher.
He looked fuuny and friendly.
Nace to meet you!
Nace to meet you, Lang-8 members!
I'm waiting for your coment!
Today is a holyday called GW_ (Golden Week) in Japan.
Therefore I've been searching a package trour to Hawaii.
Companies care for their emploees 'health.
Today is my students 'entranse exam.
a large part of students and their parants choose the public ones.
When we had tried to go there last autum,
an autum outing (holiday) season.
in the moutain.
l 'm amazing beacause I knew this site.
I put my daughter in a summer workshop that's called ``The Stage Coash`` which is a school teaching children how to act, sing, and dance.
My husband went to the work this morning, but he came back to Wimbledon from fis office in the city to watch her first performance.
Anyways, the thema of the show was ``The Wizard of Oz`` and our daughter was one of the villagers in the Munchikin Land.
Of cource everyone wants to be Dorothy or a princess!
The 22GH incorporates-HDMI, DVI and DSub interfaces. The reason why I have selected this monitor is that it will produce a quality picture due to it's 97% ColorSphere.
Driving in American is easy, althought the city roads are very wide.
As there are severl blind points (or spots), you can't see in your side mirror and rear-view mirror.
I am so gald to find a place to learn more and improve.
I think it's very deliciace!!
History, Maskd Rider
I am unskilled at drawing, but I like to drow.
I have a questin.
The frist picture is the river where I went to the temple to pray the monk to ask a blessing.. we saw a lof of people there and I used the Chinish language a bit with the netive people.
I would like to show you some video but youtub don't want me to make video ^ ^... thank you for looking my picture and coming to my page.
The end of Nov is the time for gloomy, windy and depressing weather here in Russia (I guess there are lucky people enjoying something completely different) I would like to grasp this opppotunity and share some photos I have taken in Italy.
couple of hours getting there: first by car, then by feery.
The avarage temp is around + 20C, the sea (ocean) is still available for swimming, the food is excelent and people are very friendly.
1289 one thousand two hundred eigty-nine
45989 fourty-five thousand nine hundred eighty-nine
667890 six hundred sixty-seven thousand eight hundred ninty
5098433 five million ninty-eight thousand four hundred thirty-three
I thought ``I won`` was correct, because it was for a past ivent,
Answers on his cellphine during the exams.
I'm very confising. (This is confusing)
Beause I felt he was difficult for any one to get close to.
He half-opend his eyes and his eyelids were very sharp!
I thougaht that Sendai had a l poor economy this time.
There is a nuclear power staition.
So I have to do sarch about malta.
I'd like to speak English fluentry.
I'd also like to know how to study Japanease.
There are lots of English conversation school in Japan, but few Japanease conversation school in America or other country right?
Whitch is better Iphone or android (google) phone.
Recentry he comes home very late because of his job.
She said ``no`` to marriying with her boyfreind recently because of something that changed her mind.
But in the afthernoon, weather became so hot!
She has four big titles: a jude wrestler, the wife of a famous baseball player, a politician and a mother of two children.
One of my classmates has been a beautiful policewomon ^ ^;
wowo, I feel a little pitiful LOL.
What a hard work in Tokyu it was, with my hands!!
Rcentlly, I have started a part time job.
I went to the Pride parede.
Especially when I wacth the same TV show as before,
She said to me ``I put too much Cranberry souce in it.
As a Documentation enginner and English translator, I'm now doing Photoshop-related things now.
However; I really feel sad that I cannot even be brave enought to start up a conversation with a native English speaker.
I think I'm ike a worker bee.
I also dislike my life because it's boaring for me.
(Especialy my best friend in London who is busy with her job, study and boyfriend!)
The picture you see here is one serving for the King of the Chosun dynasity.
But imagine all the ingridient that were prepared like that.
But you can taste similiar food for a much more reasonable price, with the preparation process reduced.
I'm happpy.
I am more intersted in taking a belly dancind class than the other exercise classes.
I am going to visit you as soon as posible (You're my best penfriend;D
She defeated her opponents maty times.
I'm gonna beat the conpetition.
Because I had to prepare for the Intenational Japanese test 1st grade,
My Techer told us, ``You guys should memorize the presentation scripts.``
Moreover a classmate always complants about my pronounciation.
Yesterday I met my high schoo friend who just came back from Japan!!
she also brought her freind who is a Japanese called ``Mimi``..
Korea soccer team beat Japn yesterday.
So I anticipte more success this world cup.
Each design desicion made to create this site appears strange to me.
This is the first time I ues this style tool just to learn
time Before I used to think that fall is the wors season, becouse it is always rainy, there is dirt under the feet, and sky sudenly turns into bright and blue.
I have registered for this website for a pierod and I added some new friends here. This is a language exchange website, right?
At about half past eight, we had enjoyed so many seesights such as pure water streams, grean trees, colorful flowers, etc. And we had also taken many interesting photos together.
For example, a cellphone, degital camera, and car...!!!
It's becoming colder these days, I runed everynight last month, hmm, I forgot why I quit, maybe cause of laziness, or I don't know. ^_ ^.
Back to the work topic, there are some difficults. First, the junior of my tean doesn't work hardly, and is less patient.
They've just graduated and have a lack of work experience. The point that I want to say is also a problem of China, is that the Chinese young people lack a sence of responsibility, are selfish, lazy and empty-headed, I think all the derogatory sense words can be used on them.
My English is so poor that I choose to major in mechanical system disign in Hongik university.
I have to speak English to sign up for the calss that I want.
It's a perfect fite that focuses more on me.
My friend and I finished militery service last May.
K!! (republic of korea) ``. We enjoyed the performence.
Although KORN is eaker now than in thier golden day, I was moved by them.
I hope I will enjoy snowboading this season!
I don't have gray hair, but some day I want to color them into brown, because I have never colored my hair.
I wachted ``The World Athletics Chimpionships in Berlin`` on TV last night.
Someome may think that I'm stupid.
Every athleter was very beautiful no matter where they were from.
I just want to know how to discribe different races.
Have you ever seen an Olmpic Gold swimming medalists who was fro
trivial techniques and have paitence.
How about figuer skaters? Especially women.
Asian women rank the toppest positions now.
It's still rare to see African figuer skaters now.
Some sports require trainning
It means that where your country's lacate is connected to popular sports and the number of players.
Black people can play better when much musles
figure skating and sincronazed swimming. (I said the same thing too)
Did you really wellcome Afro-American female champioms?
Finally I could conclued with a nice comment.!!
I'm regrectting to write such a long story!
Now I'm trying to make warmer my relationship whith grammar.))
And we will go to eat pork cutlet ``tonkatu.``
This weekend typhooon approach.
It's too difficukt for me, and I have little time to study! The final SAT is on December!
vocabrary is difficukt, grammer is difficult, and I still don't know much about American culture.
What shoul I do? It scares me that I can't see my future!
I am new here. Please don't ignor me because it will make me sad. (This may sound better)
It comes as no Unsurprisedly that I still have lots of homework and exams this week.
I have three lectures at my iniversite.
I am not affraid of earthquake, but I got stranded for about an hour
Touhoku traffic got wrose and there was lack of gasoline and broken highway and train.
Today, I went to a industral festival.
Optical fiber TV
I'm studying English voca.
I think language begins with voca.
Because the perspiratson ran down my face and back.
Finally, the dean of the department of dentestry decided to resign.
When the French teacher asked us some questions in French, we had a tough time trying to answer because we had forgetten so many things.
That is why I have just sent him an e-mail explaining the current situacion at the university.
ELLEGRDEN is known as a rock (punk) band, and most of theri songs are up-tempo.
When I was first selecting a jazz piece, I couldn't pass this piece: ``Walts for Debby`` by.
Because as always, I have troble with my bf.
Actually I'm kind of tired of studying for a TOEFL... my motivation is getting lower I guess.. oh my god... that's not good you kno...
I really want to know what people think from thier behavior or attitude.
It has been abour a month sinse I joined my current department.
Korean Kimuchi fried rice.
I received Korean Kimuchi from a Korean colleague as a souvenir.
Korean Kimuchi has a rich flavor.
I would like to take free tiral lesson of another course this Friday.
Life: I want to asighn as volunteer for COP10!
Currentry, I'm studying English hard.
I can't speak and write English very well, but I would like to communicate with peaple from other countries.
I am happy to meet my roommates, because there was no one excert me yesterday.
Local people, who live in the provonce of B.
came here with thiir families.
I feel strongly about the cooperation of thir families and the passion of their parents for them.
So he comne home on Fridays and returns to Gage on Saturdays.
By the way Most Japanese ppl have learned English for more than six years.
IWe think so too.
But Unfortunately, Japanese people don't have many opprtunity to use English everyday.
If people start noticing that learning English is for communication with all over the world, population of ppl who can use English will increace, I think.
In particular, in Japan, we are well on tha way to an aging society more and more.
The Japan national soccer team won the game agaisnt Australia and have now advanced to hopefully become the Asia Cup champions.
The most impressive part of this game was that Zacch, who was the mananger in this team, had a good command of things as well as changing players.
The Japan team could use a good leader! I'm loooking forward to seeing the next game!
Today is the Japanese holliday ``Children's day``.
When I worked at the consulting firm, I respected my co-workers, especialy my boss.
There are so many punkish guys, foreighners also.
Espeially, the band that I was there to see, LOST PROPHETS!
He useally sleeps.
I enrolled in an online English school a coupple days ago.
Can you believe that the price of one leson fee is 1 $ to 2 $?
I really wanted to go to the English school but I quit going there because the lesson fee was expenssive.
ere is one of my favorate proverbs that I learned from my English teacher.
What's your favorate idiom or proverb?
Please teacch me some, if you know any.
Once I studied English grammer books or something else, but I realized that I like reading books more than grammer books.
The schedule aprication is really great, and I don't need to carry big and heavy schedule notebooks.
If you have some aprication to recommend, please tell me!!
Acordingly, my company put up some mottos.
A colleague wore a green skirt, and another wore a green ring and neckless.
Anyway, I enjoy chosing out clothes.
Have you ever sucseeded in losing weight??
We ate strawberries and beans that she grew for denner tonight.
My englishi skill was build up through Lang-8.
An Amazing Wesite for Langauge Learners
Right now I've come to be albe to understand recorded voice in English, but it is still hard for me to understand what they are singing in English.
My hobby is playing the flute in wind orchstra.
Why do I feel very fashinable??
I guess I feel like that because of the well organised blaimwashing from Japanese shopping malls.
I as a Japanese put more werth in New Year's Day I guess.
l know even if l can't speak English, l can tranvel and see the beautiful landscape;
but l want to coummnicate with native speakers and l want to make friends.
l have traveled some of europ and aisia. When l came back to traveling, l felt that l owe thanks to my familiy, frends, my job, and much more.
Recently l felt that l shuld spend my life challenging things.
Sometimes, l thought that l was too old to challenge new things, but l chang my mind.
Even though when l challenge anything, l spend more time than any aother people.
hi guys.. I'm laura from italy... I need some help for emprove my english and my japanese too... I'm new at this website.. so if some kind person wants to help me.. I will be very glad.. I would like to help you with italian..:) thanks and bye:)
The suite brings welcome upgrades [?] and is composed of three traditional aplicatives (Word, Excel and PowerPoint), plus Outlook, which replaces the e-mail client Entourage that had been integrated into the suite since 2001.
I belong to an English club in my universtiy, and I have an activity every weekend in my club.
I will go there to guide travelar from abroad. I will talk to them in Englsih.
Well, seeing the ``dolls`` in this drama, I remembered the people who were incubated and their enegy ripped off by computers from the movie, The Matrix.
The badies are merely containers, and the data in the brain is what is human.
Beacuse I didn't have any special feelings about X-mas.
I will never saty alone anymore.
First of all, we spend too much time and are overly enthusiastic about grammer..
only grammer.
Also english teachers use difficult words to explane the english grammer.
Many korean students are get good grades on grammer tests, but they can't actually speak to people from other countries.
My farourite sports are swimming and running. Also, I like English very much. My home is colse to a river, so when I was 8 years old, I learnt to swim. I believe that failure is the mother of success.
You tolking to me please.
It is important for me to pass my English test so, please enoeryone help me with my English.
She said that it was the beginning of the year, so she thought she could get througt the whole year well if she did it.
When she was bengee jumping, she felt like committing suicide.
As I listened to her, I suddenly wonderd about the feeling of commiting suicide.
No one can commit suicied twice.
We got a shopping cart before we entered the store and I was pusshing it.
There were some people who were also pusshing their carts, but the person in front of me stopped suddenly when she heard the voice.
But afte a while, one of the clerks was very kind to take me to the product I was looking for, and a customer who had a big package of potato chips answered me with a big smile when I asked him where the potato chips were.
I went there and ate pork vegetable miso Soupe.
Finaly, if you want to learn Chinese, I think I can help you.
I learned a new word at today's lessson in starbucs.
Tha word is scapegoat.
I realsed that I ate dinner for 2 days.
Using this dictionary will be a lot of fun, as if I am travering in a foreign country.
When we left the market, we bought some cherries and two cakes, beacuse cherries were really delicious and chaper, cake was for my best friend, beacuse they left Christchurch today.
After farewell, we went to the Sumner, acturlly this is my seacond time I have been there, but last time my homestay father took me around Christchurch and past Sumner, so I don't remenber everything.
I want to learn Chinese and English in this universiy and speak them fluently.
I'll tell you one of the most scarist story I've ever heard.
I don't have confidence whether I can tell you guys scarrily, but I'll try.
That man was wearing coat over his shoulders, and seemed hiding his face from around, he walked while leaning on a wall, he came toward to elevator while holiding his hands over his stomack
And Chiang Mai is a prime example of thsis strategic model.
I hope that is the case becuase I want to hang the picture in my room with me in it.
I'm gonna write a short dialy or what ever I happen to be thinking about twice or more a week in order to be diligent:p (as long as possible)
Let's study languages togrther!!!
More and more I am interacting with many foreigh people, so I joined Lang-8.
I have Facebook, my account is takaxile, so plese request me on the web.
My first Periond is years lesson.
Topic was about past tense, and student chenged 'tanoshii' to 'tanoshikatta' or something.
Today all the students don't attend class, so we palyed a kanji game.
At first students devided into two teams, and put some Hiragana cards on the floor at regular intervals.
My fifth Periond was year11.
They were writing essey about the difference between Australian table manner and Japanese ones.
My Last periond was year 9.
Super collabolation
I happend to find this song on Youtube.
This collabolation is quite good.
Recently many singers relase a song feauturing rapper singers.
Well, the story is about aliens that (who) come to conquer our planet (the earth!), but their plans always fail. They are so funny. I always laught when I watch the episodes on the computer.
There are five main characters in the series. Keroro is very childish and selfish and always tries to make people laugh, but he is a very bad comedian. Then we have Giroro; he's always thinking about the invasion because he's a military man. The third character is Tamama-he's a toadpole*, so his sex is not defined. He is bipolar and he likes sweets. The fourth member of the platoon is Kururu. He is a mad scientist, and he likes bothering people. He's a pervert. Finally we have Dororo, an econinja. He came to conquer the planet, but when he saw the beauty of it, he decided to save it. He is always forgotten by the platoon. Poor Dororo ahahah! (haha)
I should have gone back to home at midnight, but the airplanet was delayed.
Simirarly, natural expressions are natural only because the most native speakers feel so.
Learning languages, either foreign or mother, is to acquire not only words and grammers but also different manners to perceve and represent the world.
How about your contry??
I dry the washing in the sun, then I air out the hutons.
Therefore, I dry the washing and huton everyday.
It is has been more expensive recently because it is imported merchandise which is affected by an excange rate.
It is a hard situation for me to buy an ipotT_ T
And I wnat to but a cell phone.
But it is too expescive to buy.
and I also watchd Eastwick s01 ep01 ~ 04, it's a funny and weird TV show
And whenever having (instan noodle soup/ it), I crack an egg into it.
To be honest, I always check the spelling out with a translater:D
so it'll be cool and confortable while I sleep.
This was callendars, stamps, coins, but none of this became a seriosly hobby.
Now I have only a few callendars and a few stamps from all of that.
Nowadays I collect other things, like pens with beautifull pictures.
Of courcse I don't consider this very seriosly either, but if I see a nice pen, I will buy it.
My friend led me to this hobby, because she usually gave me beautifull pens.
I chose tha class with the smallest number of people to understand English better.
And I took the class Amarican literature and so on.
I felt something was missing at today's luch time.
There are novels which include mistery, fantasy, historical, adolecence, heartwarming and love, business which are made of philosophy (?), ways of thinking, finance, how to express yourself, and so on.
But the Gelly beans are my favorite Jelly!!
San frasisco!
I went to San Fransisco from Aug 19th to the 22nd with my girlfriend.
I already got home, and I still can't believe San Fransisco is in California.
As you know, San Fransisco is famous as crabs, shrimps and lobsters.
I strongly recommend you go there, if you go to San Fransisco.
These reasons are extermly gerenal.
What mekes you study Japanese?
It tasted really good, adding condiment paste made from yuzu zest and chile peppers.
The guitar is a beatifull instrument, but much more easier than the piano or violin.
I `m like leaning Tourism English because the city I` m living in has many foreigen tourists, I want to talk with them but my English is very bab.
Maybe I can say this in a more buatiful way?
As a volunteer, I went to Hukushima (near the troubled electric nuclear plant)
I am currently eating Sumtum and writing my journal enty. Sumtum is delicious.
So I can corrent Japanese grammer.
When offered large plates of food most people would eat all of them regareless of whether they are hungry or not.
I llike Harry Potter very much.
I also admire Luna Lugwood.
well, I can only tell u that I'm in bed and my rigft hand is very busy.....
I didn't like animesToT
My favurite game is ``Diablo II: Lord of Dectruction``!
So we celebrited it yesterday.
Recently, I went to the eye doctors and had undergone some chicked up.
We are afraid of and struggling against the tremendous earthquake and Tunami.
So I wanted the charenge of a different job that time.
She offred me the job in a foreign-affiliated company in Akasaka.
I've just renewaled it the day before the phone call.
From what they said, it sounded like they were enjoying their unversities.
I don't usually use a casette player.
Last mounth, I spent three weeks in the capital of the UK-London.
But now only the names of the streets indicate this. They are named after famouse lakes, rivers, harbours, etc.
I lived on the street wich was named ``Lagado Mews``.
This month, has run& nbsp; 10 kirometers.
yesterdya I wrote an article about searching for a job
luckly, lang-8 is good to learn English because some people can teach me how to use correct gramma and I can make a friend.
I study animation at univercity.
But I like desgin now.
For example, sandwish, spaghetti, Chinese food, and so on.
But I can't speak Itarian or English....
Quite a few people believe taht the lucky numbers can bring good luck for them.
But it doesn't mean that lucky numbers can really bring goog luck.
Second, the lucky numbers are just a viual for hope.
My teacher, who teaches the students technick for it, said that bussiness vocabraly is most important.
I think the weather here is really cold. It's about + 18C, but I heard that the winter in Canada is abute-30C.
Here is the firework show of the new year in Taipei 101. A lot of people say that it is not as amazing as they expect, and think it is the worest firework show they have ever seen.
I was vey tied, but I thought it was worthwhile.
My final examination is comoing!
Now I'm in Beijin, China for a trip.
Today I wanna talk about my trip in Beijin.
That's why I'm in Beijin now.
Actually, it's been 2 days since I arrived at Beijin.
I haven't eaten any Chinese food, like Beijin Duck, I've only eaten some rice porridge and some pickle...
It's a phantasy story.
In this hopital, nurses have to complete some reports to make it to the next level.
This year is my second year here, I have to translate an English paper into Chinese, making it a short summary for all my coworrkers (about 16 people.) In the end, the nurse maneger of our ward will decide if I am qualified to go to the N1 level.
I was taken to one of Canada day events at a park by my hosfamily the day before yesterday.
After thet they can get a toy depending on the number of stamps.
dismiss about fifteen thousand emplyees.
Sould I work harder?
When will the deprssion end?
The Chinese tradiational holiday, Spring Festival, is coming soon.
It is my favorate holiday.
I think it is also most Chinese people's favorate holiday.
So I juse wonder if Americans or other English-speaking natives have a good
knowleage of English grammar.
I read a book or listen to mucic and so on.
It is first time my daughter is to join a paino recital.
When golden week starts on a Saturday, we can receive 5 consequtive holidays.
I'm jelous because I have to work during this great consecutive holiday.
I'm so tired, becaus today's tests were very difficult for me.
I'm so happy because there are some people who correct my Emglish.
I'm going to go to the restaurant to eat dinnar with my family.
Off cource, I can move today.
And a friend said ``you're such a boring gril.``
corean women have to behave carefully as long as possible.
Hello ladies and gentalmen, and all of my friends around the world
Where do you tinhk God is?
Of cours it's never at 'temples', 'shrains', chaches and moskes.
I became refreshed and wlilling to do things actively after singing.
I read books and newspares, or study English.
we could sort out the probrem of the Iranian election.
The probrem are very diffcult because we can't understand others and can't think about other opnions.
The idea of peaple all over the world using my program!
It exites me.
In our company, there are wide-open opportunities for profesional growth. We are a company that enjoys an enviable record for stability in the dynamic atmosphere of aerospace technology.
hollo world!!
Now that I've seen it again, I still think that Jeffrey was one of the most intresting people who ever lived in this world.
S-ok just to make it clear I'm not a fan of him or something; the fact I'm finding him interesting (and this is not from now, but from years ago when I herad about him for the first time) doesn't mean I think that what he did was anywhere near okay or that he is something he is not.
So hope you find it at least as intresting as I do.
Kitano is famaous for Ijinkan which is where many foreign people used to own residences during the Meiji era.
I can pass it ^ ^ later I went to pub where is so fashinable and a little bit expensive--I had (pasta/ a dish of pasta), cheese, sarada, noodles ^ ^ then we went to an internet cafe where you can play table tennis, darts, and karaoke. We just sang 2 hours, and played table tennis.
It was a warm day, so we felt comforatable having lunch outside.
They are women who work in the comons, in the clerk, in the university convenience store and in the library.
The best food I liked was ``Khao man gai``-steamed rice with chiken and raw cucumber.
I thought of the opposite views that once you had done the preparation well, you need not to worry any moe.
The IELTS class is more serious than the general English class so during the class eveyone focuses on studying.
Especialy my Spanish frined, he is so funny!!
I thought it wouldn't happen to me but my spanish frined...!
I was supprised to hear that de facto marriages are common in Frence.
There are variouse types of cakes there.
In the latest journal, I said my father's private inurance expired.
He stil can have an insurance from the government, which will cover the cost to some extent.
Roy became nervous and tought that it was too late.
He tought that Harold was responsible for this.
Unfortunatelly, the weather was bad...
Yesterday I went to play tennis, but I couldn't play because it started rain, then my friend Marsha and I went to a caffe and waited for the rain to stop.
I find you and I spend time navigating between the mistery and your taste.
I can harldy find out the meaning from each word of it.
``Stop hidding!``, I told myself.
However, starting now, I've told myself that I must stop hidding.
Just now, I realized that I was hidding in my imagination (?)
But I must stop hidding now!
It's because I entried an online English conversation class named ``rarejob``
After I regaind my self-confidence, I took part in a game against another unversity team.
As for me, I'm on Summer holyday starting today (for 4days).
I intend to attendent here every day.
Thans!!
When I j just started going to a university, I found my life comfortable. I saw life with simple eyes. I never thought everyone would be so kind to me and ready to help me anywhen I had trouble, but this was not right.
Only when you live far away your family, will you truly understand the feeling of beeing alone.
I know I will never be alone because my family will always love and support me. They helped me get through my failures so that I would be sucesses in the future. Now I always make an effort to live well. I hope my folks will always be happy and I want them to know that I love them very much.
However, it's difficult to speack in English when I stay in Korea.
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this site and your help, (which is very pracious to me).
I study things taht are connected to English in my university.
I'll go to Osaka by Shinkansen bullut train to attend a meeting with other companies.
I lived in Osaka until 2007 for nealy 6 years, so Osaka is like a second hometown.
I havn't been to this site for a long time.
So I got an agreement with my friend that we will study hard without thinging about anything else.
A person who I met on Lang8 contacted me on Skipe when I had just woken up.
But, my friend saied to me ``hourly wages of 800 yen is very low!``
I was emotionaly, and I quit my part-time employment.
At frst, I was worried.
Besides, he seems to change the bike into a good desine as well.
I wonder if he could transform it complately
While the Jews were out of Israel, Arabs called Palestina moved there.
The Palestina, of course, opposed this and attacked the new residents, and thus the strife began.
I will study hard so that I can go to the university that I wnat to go.
In school ther is an English native teacher whoes name is Sony.
But resently I learned that 2010 will be the year of the Metal Tiger.
Funny that Russian sites say it will be the year of the yellow metal Tiger and English sites write it will be the white metall Tiger.
Before the season started, I was looking forwaed to it.
Actually, I'm bad at using electronic things like that, but I can hadle it so far ^ ^ There is no instruction bookwith it.
Though it was a hard time, one thing I can't forget is that children were so cute and dorable.
The minimum temperature here this winter was negative 33 degrees Celcius.
Today, I bought The Littele Prince.
So scarely
You must know it's lenth is 5000 kilometres.
Most of it is unexploied.
Young Pioneer means morals for the children. We were prond of it when we were young.
We had to fight the tired body, fight with the strong sun, fight with the lack of water, fight with the dangerours of the moutain.
Diese Woche habe ich viel (Unterricht in Deutsch.) besser: Deutschunterricht
Whether we like it or not, inequality is a funddamental concept in a free economy.
To make the point clear, we thoght about its opposite.
In perfectly equal world, what would happend?
We cannot posess anything, be free to choose our clothes, or even what to eat.
The only thing we can do is to adapt ourselves to it to live a good quakity of life.
However, every gils likes fancy smell such as CHANEL NO. 5.
I perfer flowerscent perfume such as sunflower or rose.
I wound my bath towl arround my waist, when I was changing my clothes to go to the pool.
Does this actress think she can laugh all the way to the bank by rinding on a millionaire's cocktail (coattail)?
I go to the univercity in Nagoya.
I also study Chinese in my univercity
I whached ``Lie to me`` on DVD.
They will bloom at 8th, th weather news said.
I think tha it is difficult to grant a dream.
In my oppion, nothing is not perfect.
Because we can get delicious food such as matsutake (a kind of expensive mashroom), kaki (a kind of fruit), kuri (chestnut), nashi (Japanese pear), sanma (pike fish) and so on,
(Is it starange for foreingers?)
It's my favorit:-D
This year, I will dress neartly X-(
I need to take the TOEFl test in February to apply for graduate school, and I'm looking for someone who can chenk my writing.
``I need to read thouse academic readings so fast!!`` As a result, even though I sped up, there were about three questions left.
The Secound part was listening, which was also tough because some lectures were not subjects that I was familiar with, such as history.
Althought a guide might ask us how the museum was and we might be forced to say, that it was wonderful even we actually didn't understand its value.
There is even a small museum in my home town. They are exhibiting some bowls and paints that look like grafitti. (two sentences)
becouse I don't have money and there is no food shop near the/ my office.
Bcause of the car which was ahead of my car was moving very slowly, I passed it at high speed.
I was cought and lost 3 point (if you don't have penalties, you can keep 3 full points).
After I was cought by the police, I made my way back to the (driving) school, but I was not happy.
But, the relationships beetween the main characters are so complicated.
Piter's family is brilliantly hilarious, especially Stewie.
At firest, I went to Kumamoto and I ate Kumamoto ramen.
It was so dericious that I ordered seconds.
The different colored tree leaves are very beautiful at the back of the pond in autumu.
So I'm learning English. Its pronunciation is very difficult, but I undertood that there are days when I will want to learn more and more.
I called my colleague in to show some sentense.
I'm leaning Italian and inglish.
I came in italia to study arts, but I need inglish.
Becouse in school, everyone speak in inglish.
I can't speak inglish at all.
Can you imagine who performe without an actual instrument?
Air Guitarists had to perform a 60-second song of their own chocie and pretend to play rock or heavy metal.
Is the day that I can understand English news programs without subtitles truly comming?
This is an artical I heard from my friend Tyler ~ haha hope he doesn't mind, I just tried to listen to it very carefully and transcribe it.
Music is my favorate thing.
I'm glad to haer his voice.
He has two childeren and bought a new house.
Then, he said, ``Mandy, in the furture, you should study abroad and know the world.``
I saw some figures like Madonna, Sharon Stone, and Blad pitt and so on.
Today,_ some of my classmates said that they think every counry should close every nuclear power station,_ but I do not think so.
Although I am in New Zaeland where there are no nuclear power stations, I think nucler power stasion help people a lot, for example, nucler power stations provide people with electricity, and I think that is good.
On the other hand,_ when nuclear power stasion fall down, that will make a big problem for the world.
Independence Day in Mexico was yesterday, September 16th, and as usual we celebrated this date with the independence shout, eating ``pozole``, a Mexican food, prepared with corn and chicken, drinking tequila and listening to ``mariachis``. At least, this is the most tradicional way to celebrate this day.
Even though this region is one of the oldest places because it is the origen of civilization (when Mesoamerica joined with Mesopotamia), Mexico is a relatively new country, with just two centuries since having been founded as a nation.
Second-hand smoking is really disgustiong for non smokers.
But what are other habits or lifistyles that are responsible for health costs?
I had 4 days off last week and I went to Vancouver with one of my frinds.
We stayed in the Youth Hostel and visted UBC (University of British Columbia), Nitobe Memorial Japanese Garden, Tower Beach, Kitsilano, Gastown and Lookout.
I didn't go to Stanley Park and visit my acqaintance who I met 20 years ago in Vancouver.
It has a dignified elegance supported by its pefect shape and white walls.
Those Proffesional players had an impact on me!
The logo is of a very strange type and paticular color compared to usual.
It has various contents named podcast, such as news, comedies and documentories.
I've studied English ever since I was a junir high school student, but I can't write, speak, or listen to English well.
In the balcony, people cannot ony sit on the floor but can also lie down.
I heard that listening to the clasical music while lying down is too good for words.
It's ranning today.
I am not very busy at work today, so I have a short bit of time to go to Starbucks for a break, and I found this branch has many foreigners, especially many foreigners who need one-to-one Chinese converstion to learn Chinese converstion.
In the 2nd (second) floor, there are five bedrooms, two bathrooms and a large closetrooms.
I think most of the people in Japan will say ``I'm soory`` when you are asked to do something.
Japanese peole and Chinese people don't have the hugging manner.
She is my family and inportant to me.
But, everyboby!
Do you remenber one of my post/ journal?
It's okey.
I've been learning Eanglish for 10 years in school, but my language skills are still at a low level.
I want to practice Eanglish to use it well.
The hardest fot me is the grammar,
My wifw cooked lunch.
I know that the vocabraly and the letters are obviasly different!
But I want to think about not the visible surface of the langage, but the concepts or something like that.
She sent an e-mail to me on Manday morning when she arrived at her flat to get her notebook PC before going to university.
I will try to chang my attitude!
(It's the first time I went to that restrant)
They are all coming tommorow.
I am sure he will be nurvous there for a while.
to fashion, centain styles look better on some girls than they do on
oters.
I like nearly all color clothing except red, but I don't konw why.
I perfer the fashy things.
So I like many kinds of jewerly.
My faviorite pieces of jewerly are earrings.
so I want to go abrord.
Someone tell me about a good palce in a foreign country
I couldn't sleep well last night becaouse I have a cough and
He was named a menber as a goal-keeper.
He has many experoence.
We alighted from the train (monorail?) at the last stop and walked from beach side to fisrt station while talking about a lot of things.
Unfortunatery, I was laid off at the end of 2008.
The staff began to explain it to me, and then somehow I turned my head towrd my left side.
Today, I ate takoyaki (octopus dumling).
My son plays in the Tamagawa rever, small forest and the park.
Well I will try to write with capital latters in the beggining of a sentences, because I always forget about them, and the teachers always tell me they don't understand why I do that...
Today I cleaned up a little my desk, but it's all messy again, becouse I started to make a drawing for my grandmother before she returns to her countrie...
We set up our tent on the coast of a small bay, near a greate cliff named Scriper.
It was a very out-of-way plase. (is it correct?
It is a plase that is very difficult to reach).
Majestic Baikal was amazing. The water surface was like a mirror, and astunding sielence was breacked by gulls 'cry, trees' rustling and rote.
But we were realy mistaken!
Dropping a tourist group including ten people, and they camped at a distanse of fifthy meters from our tent.
They did not look like inadequate, noisy or problem, but I suspected that somethong was wrong when saw among them things several boxes with beer and vodka.
We broke our camp, foulded up the tent, packed all things into rucksacks and in spite of the sunset, went away to searh new plases.
It was quite dificult and dungerous.
PS: You can see foto from summit of Scriper.
It was very nice, sweety, juicy and fruity:)
Today, I got last month's mobile phone buill.
ForTo all surfers, surfing is ddengearous. dangerous
I decide to pay more atenntion attention to my bord.
Whether we can ring up sales or not depends on sales in the Tokyo branch office orgnaized by only 20 people.
Now we're forcusing on direct mail marketing, though that might be junk mail for many people.
One was about Budden the other was abour the brain.
I need to go out ater to buy a shirt for a wedding party tomorrow.
Here in Hawaii, I go to a laungage school on weekdays and I go there by bus.
It nomally takes 35 minutes to get there but it sometimes takes 45 minutes...
I want to improve my English in half a year, but this seems like a difficulf task.
So I thoght that this site could help my English, right?
I could answere the questions but listening examination was bad...
I couldn't answere..
I wonder if you could do me a favor.
But her speach was so boring that I fell asleep.
It said: ``congraturation you have passed the exam.
I don't remember about the details of our conversasion, but I think he said so.
I would often wonder what the diffence between the two them is since then.
Secondly, I will go to library to review my lessons and do some ILETS tests and I want to go to foundation in April.
and my budget is limited, I wil have to also limit my destinations.
The crient is very kind and and passionate.
I'd like to return a the fabor to him someday.
It is dizzylingly hot.
I'm now studying English and Japanes.
Does anyone want to be my freinds?
I like English, writing, speking!!
If the wind is too strong, I can't go suring.
I had a very wanderful day.
As I would like to be better at English, I started wrinting a diary in English.
Now I specialize in comunication studies, and study English and Chinese.
It seemed my heart is still living in Shanghai, I must have lost something, something I dare not to face, or I just can't face myself, my weekness.
I will tell evryone about a creature that makes Japanese people feel it's summer.
Its creature is called cicade.
Japanese people feel summer when hearing cicade's screaming.
By the way, Some carcasses of cicade are scattered around the entryway of my apatment house.
I thought this cicade was already dead, so I pokesd it with tip of my foot.
I want to ask everone.
It is very itresting to learn English, and I shink that I can learn to speak it very well!
Of course, I like to travel around Japan too. I went to Hiroshima last month, and I met an Australian frined and got drunk on good sake.
In English class, the English teacher taught students the expression, ``Graveyad shift.`` I thought it was an interesting expression, because there is not an expression like that in Japanese.
Firstly, there is a growing awareness that using public transportation instead of driving a car leads to the reduction of green house gases because cars produce more green hosue gases than trains or buses.
My borther helped me work this morning.
I want to learn English wiht the help of lang-8.
Unfortunatelly, my work does not require English.
The other way is to think about where it came from, and try to figur it out.
It's like unbelievable medicine, which absolutelly heals my body and soul.
Is it natural to feel like that or am I too shy about speeking a foreing language?
In China, students have endless exams to pass along our lifives, even after (maybe) you have entered society.
How abou your countries?
my use of English in the publie examination, My life became somber.
These thesedays we are unable to see each other.
I always feel I'm still not familiar with calculating the money especially when I shope at a mall here in Durban city because this country has decimal money and most likely because I have not stayed so long to calculate money smoothly and Japanese has a tendency of keeping other people from waiting so long behind a line.
It is very fun, and I will have an excit experience.
I feel that maiking ceramics is a kind of physical labor.
However, You'll get tired of it if you imagine that you put it into the mouth, chew and then swallow it as many as 30 times repeatedlly.
We may be able to use it to dcrease the intake of unhealthy food and drugs.
They feel ahamed if they are found wetting their pants.
thanks for taching me correct English!
I, am a really short temperd person.
and I try to speak in English with my friends and I restarted to communicate in English convesation class in my university.
My major is Managenent.
if I keep on studying English hard, I belive I can be a person who can speak good English
Untill I go there, I will do my best with presentation!!
I took off my shoes at the porchI and sat at the kind of table which can be seen at many korean restaurent.
It tates good.
Although I say that I will save money, I'm actually going to spend a part of the bonus on a handbag, a pair of shoes, accesories and so on.
Many trains will be suspended tomorrow, so many people can't go to (get to) their schools or offices; of ofcorse I can't either.
First, great teacers have a passion for their job.
I had time to go to see a movie called, 'Pirates of the caribbean 4'.
It wasn't as interesting as I'd expected, becuase it wasn't much different than the first two films (movies).
She told me that I have an interview changce to her department as an executive assistant.
It's a big company, but the salary is not heigh.
What elso do we need to do!?
The act prebents my body from getting cold.
I want to returen to my normal life soon.
Before their concerts, they pronounce the members of the day, and funs can choose the day their own favorite musician plays.
I have heard that there are some funs coming to hall not to listening music but to watch their dance.
My friend gave me a book titiled ``The Authoritative Calvin and Hobbes``
I was so surprised to hear that when he first attended the law class in graudate school (He anttended Univ.
Also I think those foods must be atracting to people, arging people want those foods.
Some of my frined were in a bad mood, so we went to a loungh
Today was very intersting and fun!
The shpe of UK
I went there to get my bicyle yesterday.
When I saw my bicyle, I was astonished because........
Befeore I came here, I thought ``If I live in the U.
for a year, I will be really good emglish speaker. ``But I was wrong.
I am surprised how difficult it is to learn other langages.
So I was really disapointed in myself and kinda bored studying English.
But Lang-8 often encourages me to study it, because I see many other people who study other langages and may have similar feelings.
I really like to correct forigne people's English.
I really like the way people act, american greecy foods, stupid cartoons...
In Japan we have to follow certain social rules like showing politness to people who have seniorityand giving many complements. a lot and This makes it extremely hard to be close with people who I meet for the first time...
I think I `m going to study a little bit but not the way the teacher told us because everybody studies in different ways so I` m going to do waht I feel like doing.
I started studying Russian, and I'm trying to improove my skill. Little typo on improve.
My school is very small and almost all of the studenst are Japanese or Korian.
I really want to talk with foreiners.
I have watched a few... stries....
I want to make foreiner friends
I was thinking of it as a normal self-advistising website that claimed to help people greatly improve their English.
Of course, thanks to today's grobalization, Japanese people have been getting more and more somewhat open-minded to the outside than ever before.
Listening is diffirent, because every day you watch BBC, CNN or varieties of English programs on TV, and automatically you will listen to the same word again and again.
I quickly took off the headphoe from my ears and tried to listen to her.
She said something but I couldn't catch her words becaue my heartbeat was louder than her voice or (perhaps) because of my poor Japanese listening ability.
And, I was a just poolish Ossan who didn't know that I was on the express train and needed to pay or buy not only the normal ticket from Osaka to Kyoto but the express ticket too.
And that mainland China stops its boring threat to Taiwn!!!!
Seperated family members gather and celebrate this holiday together, enjoying delicious foods on this day.
I dicided to use this site because I wanted to improve my English writing skills.
I feel that it will be bustl in our home this summer.
First of all, my English teacher recommanded them to improve my English.
Most Japanese people don't know what ``premotion`` means, but we use ``shuffle`` as Japanese word.
There are two types of digital Camara.
I really had fun and thaught ``I must study English harder`` so I will write a diary from now on.
I definitly will NEVER forget this summer memory.
I like that I feel the cold in winter at mornig.
I strongly reccomend this book. (this sounds better)
I especially loved that the process throughout which the King's trauma was gradually healed was very carefully descrived.
I usually feel down on sundays at midnight (it's arelday Monday...), but I am still in a good mood.
Anyway today my neice (my old sister's douaghter) came to my house and I was asked to keep an eye on her for a couple hours
Since she brough the movie Totoro from her house, which is a very popular anime film in Japan, we watched it together.
For some reason I want to post a picture of the main caracter on my account.
The most sccary roller coaster is the ``White Cyclone`` without a doubt.
And English is the most popular langage.
are there any gramatical error?
I ran 100 meters in 11. 2 secounds.
Typoon Aere, which was the strongest typoon this year, has passed us by.
When will the next typoon appear?
Most of you have not experienced a typoon, right?
So we asked a staff member in the boose.
The rainy season has statred.
Thanks to the fan, I can be confortable.
I grilled an eggplant and meat with katakuriko (potato storch).
I added a drop of chinese soy souce to the eggplant.
Jesus, please attrac me more and more.
My heart is your thorne.
She emphasized ``The beauty can be maked, and it's the easiest way to get love.``
From last sunday, it has kept rainning for a whole week!
Cold, bleak, and bitter are OR would be the best words to discribe the terribel weather.
I find what my goal is and what I shuold pursue.
I have to study grammer from the beginning.
definately the one I would recommend.
Anyway, most of the movies on th above list are not that thought provoking
You say, ``Japan is the best counry``?
It was fresh in a sence.
The wall was gray, the humidity was excesive.
Haaaaaaaa!!
part-time jod.
because our techer absence.
resturrant together, we drinking and eating there.
So as the punishment, I drank a bottle of Japanese liqure.
Guys, who can tell me how to leave a message on other people's page in Lange-8.
Next comes three years of middle school which is mendatory.
That's because I'm foreign to the diffrent school system.
I was walking around the ``Wakayama jyo`` for abaout 20 minutes.
Because of the butterfly storoke, I'm losing interest in swimming.
I was in a hurry, but I didnn't understand this sentence, ``Don't post to Twitter.`` In the end, I didn't publish it.
I've been taught English by a philipino.
, Accutually, making holes is boring work.
But It looks like she is looking foword to her two granddauters growing up.
So, I went to see my tutor on Monday to discuss the project (Design A Train Schedual Based On Baidu API).
Now I have chosen to continute my Computer studies to become a web designer (not really sure...) and the day afer tomorrow I will meet with my angent to determine my major.
What should I do to in order to be more skillfully in Japan?
In fall, there is a junor college festival.
Unfortunately I have a little oppotunity to speak and write English.
I am taking care of my causon.
and I drank lots of alcohole.
but I can't stop drinking (alcohole)! XD
Next time, I'll take care when having alcohole.
Especialy, Italy.
I want to talk about my unusual exprince of a traffic jam.
I guess you won't often see a main road where there are many empty cars in the peek houers.
But that time, all the drivers left their cars and openen their doors, since the main road would be closed for 2 to 4 hours.
But today's wheather is bad.
I'm disapoited, that's why I didn't go shopping yesterday.
in fact, nowadays I'm studyng english because my major is business administration, so I need to study english and learn how to write and speak in english.
She was adorable girl so I thougth, ``I want baby, it is about time to have baby.``
I want to talk with them if I have an opputunity.
I felt sicky before long.
I want to leave for Toronto sonn, but I have a lot to prepare for a new life over there.
Writting Practice 1
Desipe how I know they can benefit me, I don't have enough time to study details. Besides, I must spend more time improving my poor English.
Then are 'Can I go home?' or 'Can I try this?', all unnatrual expressions?
Then I rince them with water for a couple of minutes before placing everything, including the bowl, up on the side.
Next, I deal with bigger ones like round-bottomed pans and sadad bowls.
The tenpareture was less than 0!!
Today, I woke up eraly (in the morning) and I baked bread.
Breakfast was very good, becouse bread was very hot!!
I greatly apreciate everyone who helped me with correcting my writing.
Becouse Argentina's team is so strong team this year that most soccer fans rate them number one.
The lover of the protagonist died because of failure of abortion which was not disired by her.
Moreover, the friend of the protagonist felt sad due to lack of understanding by adults and finally he committed suicided..
Alomost of all of them were arranged like alternative rock music.
The air was freezingly cold and the sky was cristal clear.
But there are very few because almost all internship events have already finished their applicantion.
I went to my grandmothers house and saw my ratatives.
Beef tongue is especially deliciopus.
I noticed the information writted on the board.
To complete this course, I have to take some English classes for horing speaking and writing skills.
However, the atmosphere is good in this class and the instructer was nice and had a sense of humor.
I am looking forward to nexr class and talking with classmates in English.
A woman is introdusing extraneous matters into the debates.
my hobby is taking piture,
they are extremely beatiful ~
Thanks for inviting me as a frined
Recently, I have been busy but I want to introuduce something to you!!
, The Jananese economy is getting worse and worse now.
Usually I hate to go to there because I am tone-deafnesss, but my friends really want to go, so we did.
I will excersise tommorrow.
I will do Yoga and streching.
This is my first diarly on this site.
(Maybe, this is not like a diarly.)
I think these are good for improving speeking and hearing skills,
I will write this diarly every weekday that I can,
so please correct my diarly.
That bothers me, because I have plans to travel with my family at the end of yaer.
We knew each others 'new parsonalities, thinking and own past stories etc..
I think that if you especialy enjoy your recreational times, you have to do something your job or you have to do reguraly.
Becouse if you lazy in your job, don't you feel lack of pride??
My girlfreind and I
That is not alloved in our country.
Actaully it's not just raing..
but after a while our mood became natual.
We were talking about eatch other and had a lot of things in common.
IKENOBO is an old and traditional style/ art/ tradition of fllower arrenging in Japan.
For example, the life of Thomas Edison, Madame Curie, Hideyo Noguchi... (Nogichi is famaous only in Japan?).
Therefore, it is hard to imagine how they look to us modern peple.
You may lose everyting in the blink of an eye.
Today I scruw up the midterms.
I want to go to Itary:)
The touch of my hands, and the touch of your hands too, will never be imited.
That is the reason behind my interest in exploring the limitis of control, the reason why I am going to move to London at (or after) 18 years, that's why I have sex in my room while my family is sleeping or have my hip bone tattoed with a colourful dragonfly.
Kindly, she acceped it& made a dish which inclued Kimch.
Soon I asked a person on duty and I found out that this failure would continue until evening due to constraction.
Well, I'm just starting to learn this language. To tell you the truth I'd like to learn japanese, but I thought it would be better to ``start from the beggining``.
Are there ramen reataurant in your country?
Of course, we need to pay for the basic charge, but it isn't so pricy.
So we Japanese have a party called a ``Bounenkkai.``
I plaied a sport.
Actually I've been learning English since I was in first grade at elementry school.
I've been learning it for more than 10 years, but I'm stiil horrible at speaking it.
Thease days, I am waching the Toy Story movie to get English experssions such as, 'is mom losing her marbles?'...
The shop keeper recommnended the point card (PONTA in Lorson).
I am interrested in several point cards, so I applied for the point cards that I wanted obtain.
It is organized into Reading, Listenning, Speaking, and Writting sections.
I wathch the concert in the church.
Thier music was truly matching.
I watched a movie called ``In her shoes`` last night and rememberd that I wanted to read poems by E. E. Cummings.
My plan (on) this weenkend.
I met them when I worked in the military servie.
So I am extremly excited to meet my friend who came from New Zealand.
After our meal, we will go to a coffee shop to talke about lots of things.
Of course, I also have to meet my girlfriend this weenkend, but it is not
because she is going to work tomrrow morning, so we are going to
weenkend about this weekend's events.
Have a nice weenkend, everybody.
But, we shared a large lobster since we couldn't waste the good opprtunity.
Since entering hig school, I often get migraines
She cleans often and cooks delicion meals,
My girlfirend called me this moring before I got up just to tell me it `s snowing outside.
I think that it is more convinience for us to have a car in such a situation.
I'm writing in a dialy for the first time in my life,
Yes, I love books, and in particulary old books.
This book is about complex analisys of a field of mathematics.
It is not very easy to understant, because it left several parts of the demostration to the reader, or it asume that the reader knows things that nowadays aren't taught in school.
I'm going to study abroad in AUS from March to Sebtember.
I'm majoring in International Communication at the university and I study Eniglish and cultures in class.
I'll always challenge myself to speak English and to get accostomed to my new surroundings as soon as possible.
If you have an e-mail adress, I'd be glad to receive your mail.
My e-mail adress is-------.
My hoby is to make sweets.
However, Cantonese, which is widely used by ppl in Guangdong Provice, Hong Kong, Macao and nearby regions, is definetely distinct from what is generally refered to as a mother tougue spoken by one or several ethnic groups.
Instead, in my view, Cantonese is a competing force against Mandarin, mainly due to its popularity and dominace in the most well-off areas in China.
and that would be the reason that the center authority is becoming anxious.
Cantonese ppl surely take pride in the special dialect they own, because Cantonese-speaking regions are a statement of wealth, development and fast growth.
But in the neighborhood is also the ownner's other homestay, which is the homestay of other students.
I have twe fears.
So many people say taht.
So, I've joined this portal a couple of minutes ago, and I'm kind off bummed out because I was expecting to be making friends left and right, that I'd be learning Japanese straight away (that was the main purpouse of my joining to learn a bit of Japanese and to polish my English)....
Yestoday I bought a belt as a first experience.
What's terrable about custom house?
Today, I began keeping a dialy on Lang-8.
Please contacy me, if you like.
My department is the School of International Liveral Studies.
Yesterday my stomach hurt very badly. I felt better and worse. It did not take Dad and Mom, only myself. My good friend was not around me, but I was told my friend was aggry from the close encounter.
I went to Tokyo in Simokitazawa with my frind.
The apprearance of someone like him has been expected for many years, so people tend to have excessive expectations of his policy, action and statements.
He may be required to hundling some political situations with severity....
Investment trusts (the indexcial funds) are worth less day by day,
Of course I hope to return to the level befor subprime occurred.
I ws exhausted that I just I bought something on the internet.
I thike they're difficult!
When I spoke to my American friend, I am speaking English but Jpanese words are always spinning in my head and they would even slip out of my mouth and cause some embrassenments..
threre's no time to have breakfast..
I know a lot of words and grammer but it is a little bit different to speak freely.
sometimes I can't stand my vocice and pronunciation.
I felt so exicited that I couldn't control my tears.
I could do nothing but say thank you, my dear frieds.
He has seached, looking not only for Japanese cuisines but also the spirit of Japanese dishes.
In this sence, I like it.
The Aretist is Maurice Brazil Prendergast.
I don't know if it's valu*****
The other is a wooden escalator near Antwerp Cathedarl. (I forgot what name it was.)
Today is national fundation day in Japan.
So today is a holyday.
Recentry, the weather is bad.
I don't have much money, so I can't go so far, but at least I'll be able to visit ``Amano Hashidate``, which is oen of the most beautiful sites in Japan, and means ``a bridge of the sky`` in Japanese.
I have to reply to my Garmany Professor for correcting my paper.
I attached corrected tex file with this e-mail.
Dog meat is a part of the traditional Korean food cultrure.
Next time when I see an opportunity, I would like to tell them about our recommeded places.
I am still waiting for her asnwer...
It was so confortable!!
I thought it was a interesting system and I_ Ican use it for free.
She is my best friend on my universitydays_ days.
Moreover I shoud improve my speech again and again,
latery it's so cold!
And you must set it concrately, which means the plan must include a numerical target.
The more concrate it is, the better the result will be.
By the way, this morning, I resieve an e-mail from the Education Department in the company where I warking.
I'll do my best to do well in the exam thuogh it's quite late to start practicing.
I'm a 21 year old Japanse girl.
Today I'll once again write sentenses to help me incorportate new idioms and words into my vocabulary.
hatcket> A man cut a smalltree with his ~.
Although, thoughts of a blissing family life might change a person's perspective.
Do you speak forgein lenguages?
Why are you going to univercity?
It is similar to Hungarian in many ways, but nately unfortinately differences are frequent, too.
Miyazaki Gorou received bad ratings on his first work, Ged Senki even though it was clearly good.
he is an Architect in the next proverbace.
I fele angry, and I didn't communicate with him.
he is by himself and I hvae a good family.
It is neither a typical familiy, nor romantic movie, but it contains elements from both.
The dog slowly transforms their views and opinions about the most important things, like taking responsibilities for something, planning babies, helping to find the balance between the carreers, the family and themselves, etc.
Butthe most importantly, it is really funny:)
Hallo frends!!!
On Saturday I climbed up on the Eureka Skydech.
I entred the showroom and took photos, then I climbed up on one of the Ferraris, my dream is realised!!
On Sunday I went to Philip Island for to see the little pinguins.
I saw the little pinguins come in from the sea at night, and I saw the pinguins walking on the beach to ther house.
I love the natural sights in Tibet-the animals, people, mountains, lakes and tamples make the perfectly harmonious photograph, that's where I want to live in the future.
This year, after BEC exam, I decided go to Tibet. It's really a long time to wait for the perfect time point, maybe October, for around 14 days. It will be 55 hours by train. I will see the transition from city to valliage, and eventually to altiplano.
My training always starts at 8 a. m. I llive not so far from the place where I train, but nevertheless I was almost late.
The first prize was a degital camera!!
I ate food already even though I didn't feel hangry. It is important to eat food for breakfust.
Hao are you?!
The preocuppations of an ordinary man are to make sure he wakes up in time to arrive at school/ job, to earn his living and in his free time, to watch a movie or get out to his friends.
Thank you for always teaching me varius things!
Ohh no, I didn't know that they don't have any homepages aprt from geocities Japan...
I always remembered that a girl once told me: ``When I saw you at frist, I thought you were a very serious teacher, but when you started teaching us, I saw/ found that you are very gentle.``
For example, last month I'd read ``Alice in the Vonderland`` by Luise Carrol.
I thought, ``These words are used in formal writting.``
We waited 90 minutes for Tower of Terror, but we enjoyed the time because we could look at many atractive objects that had the story on the way.
Of course, Tower of Terror was so funtastic!!
I loved the senery too.
Tokyo Disney Sea has American, Arabian and Europian streets.
I especially liked the Europian street, I felt as if I were in Europe.
I spent a lovery day!
I didn't ask further; therefore, I didn't know excactly what in the picture needed to be modified.
When I went to the hospital, a nource said to me: ``Lets check your body temperature``, and she found that my temperrature was 37. 8, so she told me not to take a medical exam today.
It was very intresting to learn about the future relationship between Russia and Britain.
A set of unimaginable elements occurred around me, destroying many greatful memories, harmonious relationships, as well as laughter, which all attribute to a benefit that is not worth mentioning at all.
I feel complicated like a kite having lost her line, like a boat in the darkness having lost his direction, like a lione having lost his temper......
They have a lot of beautiful parks, fashoinable street and shops and classical buildings which made me happy!
I konw new friends
from a clowd called the heart.
She lost her hasband three and half years ago.
I had gone to her house to see her occationally when I was a high school student. However, I can't do it easily now.
I don't mind what cuisineis it is.
I was wearing ugg boots and as you know, they easly get soked so I had to walk very carefully till I got to work.
After I finished openig the bar, I tried to order some food because I was starving. But sadly, the restaurant could not deliver food because of the frozen road due to the heavy snow.
Okey, let's do something.
Recently, I `m studing at the Goldsmiths university in London.
I need to be slim (especially my weist) because I have to select clothes that can be wore from my closet every morning.
to return to the topic, how are they able to round their hips so fastl like that??
In Amereica?
Recently I can't play baceball because of my injury.
I'm busy studing, so I can't show myself.
I heard that Christmas Isrand has nothing at all.
I want to go Sentimental Jorney alone in Island.
I want to improve my Englishi, so I joined in this activity.
There is no spcial topic every time.
She really likes talikng, that's why I always can't get a word in edgewise.
At first, he pronounced one of four words, ``very``, ``bery``, ``velly`` or ``belly``.
They are also cute even thouch they are Mexican men!
Steave Jobs announced this morning that the new iPhone is going to be launched onJune 24th.
The cat who lives aroud my house had five new babies.
I feel tired at afer work....
He plaied a guiter and we made a song.
So I will enjoy my wrinting from today.
My brogher never gets used to get up so early.
I'm a third year universitiy student and I have to face job hunting from this spring.
I have to thank this site and you for helping me to impruve my English skills.
Mabye, that's because my friend came to my home yestrday.
We ended up doing an all-nigth.
My firiend is very funny.
How does she thnk about me?
Questions about a short sentece pt. 4
Fortunatelly, she loves English books and reading them to her will be useful for me too.
And when it comes to speaking, French people are also tempted to prononce in the same way that they would doin their native language.
My major is Inglish.
tenant-recident
restore-fix-repaire
Every time I speak English I think, ``which words (phrases) should I use?`` I want to understand these alittle differences.
Somebody can read my English and correct it! It's really amazing.:) I want to say thank you directly to people who read this diarly if I can.
Many apple and grape trees, and rice fields... (a little boaring... but I like this town.
I studied English at school (junir high school, high school and University),
The movie's tital is ``The World of GOLDEN EGGS``.
Bothe of us were a little uneasy.
So it was diffcult and boring.
Both were woolen garments. One was a light orange skirt and a jacket; the other one was a voilet dress.
When I saw my mother brushing her shoeson the proch, I felt thankful to God that my mother is alive andin good health.
And it's a new oportunity for me to study my english*-* ((I know, my english isn't good))
It was very hot and humit.
I had beem running.
I had beem running for 40min around my house.
Hower, I found all the girls who I knew were boring, so finally I decided to ask her.
I am SO busy this week that I'm close to explod!!
I wnat to know why the vacation ended so quickly....
Therefore I went to berbarshop.
It was distiny!!
I was going to a Susi restaurant for lunch with my wife.
language exchange Taipie
I now live in Taipie
I would like to find a langauge exchange to hepl with my English
I couldn't run in the halway any more! It's also painful, especially the toes.
I haven't dicide which country yet.
And I will make a plan for a trip with my famaily next year.
My dream is to travel around the world with my famaily.
We were going to play borling, but we couldn't because there were lots of people.
I sincerely repect computer programers and PC technicians.
yesterday, I had a conscription examination, I am very nervous, about whether or not I will successd
She was having a small conversation with another passanger next to her.
I think the most challange thing in life is negative feelings towards others or things. If a person always thinks positive, he would be happier and healthier.
maybe it will not take effect that fast, but in the long run, after anyalise and thinking it over, I may behave more positive next time when a similar challange attacks me again.
I rememberd someone once said, don't spend a second to think of those who make you unhappy.
hi, I am newly registrator on Lang 8.
my master's degree in taching Chinese as an second languae.
I need to prepare everything and be careful takling with people but I am a sincear person I don't want to a liar lol.
It seems I should describe about two jobs and also my bisiness (teaching Thai) too.
Later that day another acquaintance wants to find poeple for his business too.
htere, every summer a few old people die of heat stroke.
Yestday I had physical examination for this year.
Hi eveyone!
In this course, the teacher tought us how to use acrylic paint, but it gets dry very quickly and the final result is not as beautiful as if it would be done with oil paint.
ooOoooo ~ ~ It `s too late to write an entry now, but I will write very beiftly.
When I was holding a class in this late afternoon, my son sent me a text (/ phone?) messange, (and) said ``Shall we eat out this evening?``/ ``How about eating out this evening for a change?``.
We stood in a long line under the white snow because my son wanted to eat in a small reataurant.
I came here with the hope that I could chang myself.
We relaxed and talked about thier journey.
That was a cockroache!!
We were upset and tried to throw it out, but it was so fast, and hiden behind a cooler.
``Somethig is
And then the cockroache appeared from his pajamas.
I feel a little bit narvous.
The cat lets them get on itself and geso to look for Mei, and they can find her.
Hanami is like you go to parks or somewhere with your friends or colleages to watch cherry blossoms.
I went for Hanami the day before yesterday and played UNO with my frieds.
On the other hand, the full-blooming cherry blossoms were really beuatuful!!!
And I beleve that to be in contact with students who are learing Mandarin is a good start.
There are too mant things to fix; it is more than I can bear.
I feel pretty prussure as I can't do better than other students.
But I think that it is because I love Disney, espesialy Disney philosophy.
In Japan, there's a phrase like this with the same meaning (transrated).
Hey my name is,, Sana From Palestine I'm a studet of English litrature. I need Some helo with my writing..
I will get enough pay even eventhough it is at my house!!!
So many people couraged me so I appreciate you guys....
It says ``Vivid separates in contrasting hues (such as this fusion of tangerine and plum) feel modern when accented wioth a structured purse and wood accecories.
Does ``sturucutured bag`` means the bag which is made of connected parts?
Lavora a scuola.
English speeches are really good to practive English with.
Besides, it feels great to givie a speech in front of many people. I always becomw extremely nervous though:P
Anyway, the kids were lovely and a plesure.
On the way, I bought a mocha and sandwitch at the Excesiol coffee shop.
I wish to have many meetings throgh this diary.
At least I must be couscious and careful of my bad habit of getting easily absorbed in Net-surfing...
It is alredy passed midnight, so I am very sleepy:(However, I cannot go to bed yet as I have not finished today's part of my studies...
These days, bisiness at our store is very slow, and it makes me
I'm not a beginer anymore, but I'm not an expert either.
I'll go to Enoshima island with my friend by motorbike tommorrow.
Enoshima island is located near Kamkura.
Today I watched the Japanese story from VCD, The story was about a woman cartoonist who raised an orphant cat named ``Sawa``.
I like Japanese Horror more anyting else since it doesn't need any explanation.
do you know Ghibiri movies?
Raputa is one of the best. (I can't decide no. 1) which is your best?
Some people observed my class so I was a littele nervous.
Today's lesson objestives was& nbsp; to get used to using the name of body parts such as nose, mouth, ear, and eye and to enjoy activities.
I'm in chage of a second grade class.
I think there are some things to modefy.
Koushien is high school student's Baseball conpetiton.
In japan, almost all people know of some programs about langage aired by NHK.
In fact, many people skilled in foregin langage such as billingal and trringal people have made use of them.
To follow in thier footsteps, I have tried to watch the program.
So, sometaimes I fall behind [?]
I had wanted to practise writting English,
Now I'm writting an article in English.
but I wanna keep writting for the sake of my English.
It has been rainiing since last night.
Soon the festival is going to end, so both flowews and tourists are few.
However, all of it waere rich and delicious.
I often go to Jingu studiam to cheer for them.
Today, I'm writing this diary at the terrace of a starbucks caffee.
I didn't see his races in the past becuase F1 is very difficult for me to understand.
What was I wanted to go was Mikunopolis, which is the virtual idol Hatune Miku's concert at Anime Expo.
I put some 'KAKUAGE' on it.
I want to intriduce my character today.
When my teacher enterd the classroom, we sang a Teachers 'Day song for her.
because up untill yesterday we donate our holiday for this project...
But I think some poeple are nomal.
The test is a conversation with a native English speaker for 15 minites.
becouse I want to study arts in foreign countries.
I finished my hamework very quickly bacause of the drama..
They hadn't known their responsibility untill the party finished.
But it is not easy to decrese the welfare budget.
Many contury are facing this ecomonic crisis.
It's beem a long time since I last visited this site.
Actually, When I was plannig to visit South America,
But I guess that mission has not been uncomplited.
Studying aburoad is my important dream.
My father hasn not stood up since 2 days ago.
B: Don't warry.
I might love her, but I hardly know about her feelings and what she thinks about. Althogh she is reallly attractive...
I'm from the fromsouthern part of Korea, so I haven't seen much snow there.
Last night, I wached ``Hairspray``.
Mayby I like his voice.
Tonight, I'm going to take part in a Gohst tour.
Therefore, we can only imagine how life would be withot schools.
I saw Gandam
Then my mother took me to buy some watermether, because it was so cheap
Sapporo shirine
When I heard the news the prime minister didn't make an offering at Yasukuni shirine, I remembered Sapporo shirine.
Sapporo shirine is a shirine in Hokkaido.
I think this shirine is a park rather than a shirine.
I live in Saga, Japan and I go to univercity in Fukuoka.
I often watch movies and doramas with my mother.
I thought it was some kind of a suspence movie, but it filled me with a warm feeling in my heart in the end and reminded me of my brother.
Next day, my husband found an extra lock and attaced it to the bike.
To avoid intensive use of electricity during weekdays, the rest-days of our company have been changed from satauraday and Sunday to Thursday and Friday.
So, today and tommorow are my days off from work.
Therefore, I went to a Public Liberary to borrow 9 books.
I remember the liberary is full of books about Technology& Program, Geo& His.
Also, Hong Kong's Liberary lacks Audio Books.
Thomas the steam engine is one of the most popular animation calactor in Japan.
It was held in a suburb of London with a lot of spetators.
It is defficult to have a chance to watch and ride on steam engins in Japan.
It's very important and singnificant to keep the old items in good condition.
lf you ride trains, you can see a lot of people using celphone,
Or if you are walking down the street, many people walk while using their celphone.
But thinking about a 9/ 11-type attack, it seems to be defficult to abandon our weapons and arsenals.
We're forced to defense ourselves and our allies.
And then, we wouldn't have to defense against, or deter any adversaries:P
President Obama's way of speeking is quite respectable.
After graduating from the colleage of pharmacy, I joined a Japanese pharmaceutical company.
At that time, we had the dog (attached pictrue of beagle) who was a cute and smart boy.
Because she is too lould to make me consider everything.
There are a lot of pop up rabels explaininghow themusic is nice... something like that.
Thank you for readling that.
It sounded like they were not native speakers of Enlish.
I am from Colima, Mexico and my first languaje is Spanish, so I hope that I can help you to learn Spanish.
well if your answeer is NO!, I send you an invitation to come to Mexico so you can get to know this beatiful country.
I met a friend who could spoke English and I siad to her ``Could you give me some adivice on how to speak English fluently?`` She siad ``Probably your English level is good but you don't seem to speak English well so you should talk with a native person all the time.`` That was nice advice for me because I was thinking that I would try to talk with native person.
Recentry I have studied English at an English website.
Nowadays, people face a series of problems surrounding the enviroment.
We uaually do the things we want to do but damaged the enviroment at the same time.
I thought it's very very useful and helphul.
On Saturday morning, my fridnes bought breakfast for me.
The movies were very interesing.
It's not broadcasted enougj in Japan.
Those photos are ``The old Hrosaki city library``, ``The old touougijuku foreigner teacher's house`` and ``Hirosaki castle.``
(I forgot to writting this.
But interetation is very diffrent from speaking English.
I boutght a coffee.
Wounded and breaked,
I have been making bread for two years at home and it has been a fun and refleshing te for me.
She just refuses thme without giving them any chances.
I was in charge of facilitating an English conversation clab for biginners today.
We have the class almost every week, and I often join it as a facilitater.
I thought vidual aid can help me facilitate the class, and I was also able to enjoy watching the video.
I go to shcool.
Before I photoshop an image to upload onto the web, I'll finsih the Coke, grab some fries, and write something here.
However, what should have been an impressive exhibit of his gifts, became an embarrassing moment because he didn't understand what he was asked and he also made misstranslations.
One of my favorite things about Jpan is the cherry blossom season.
However, they are only enjyoed fora week or so.
The lifespan of them are very short and this, I think, makes cherry bloosom more special.
I had a cherry bloosom party with my friends today.
I have to cook my own breakfask, lunch,& dinner.
Yesterday, I drew graffti on a public road near my home.
Many, many kids drew graffti with chalk.
And I drew graffti (too) (....
Drowing on the road was very interesting.
My first experience with Russian was not very good, because there is no appropiated practice material and all that remains in my mind when I read a title like ``Russian in 30 days`` is an extreme frustration of not having mastered all the thousand ways to decline.
My poor Einglish
My major at University was Einglish.
Soon I will probably have a nateve English speaker friend.
It had been a long time since I saw my firends. We had much to talk about.
I had a long walk, went to Freshness Burger, listend to music that I like, let my mind drift back over rundom things, and tidied my stuff a bit.
I was kind of thinking about what happend to me yesterday.
I'm not going to write about this in the diary but some thing special happend to me yesterday.
I'm going to get ready for tommorow
I have to specify cupcino or espresso or americano here.
I want learn the englisn language.
Becaus I was in a private educational institute, I couldn't see the first half.
At the beginning of the first half, Lee Jung soo scored the frist goal.
But, at the end of the second half, Greek players palyed really well.
Although World Cup was held in another country, Korean people gathered in stadiums or big sqares and cheered for Korean players.
Congradulations, to all the people from Krasnodar!
I have found that befor I submit the paper about nationalism to my prof, I must perform a presentation about sociological methodology in my seminar.
That is more difficult than writting a paper!
There were so many participaters.
You can read a veirety of topics wich a bit taugh to find in regelar lapraries.
When I write, it's ok but when I speak that is not ok.
My Engish is broken by me when I talk.
I'm very happy that I have no class today because the tyhoon is going to hit TAIWAN, and the authorities have decided to close the school and the company.
The tyhoon may even cause a serious disaster like a flood or a
in it, but the pictures often come out blurredly.
I finished working earlry today.
I then drank alchol in a pub in front of Shizuoka station.
Honorific expressions are usefull in business.
This summer holiday, my 11-year-old male consin came to my family, taking two references of grade 5.
The task to assist him to review his courses in grade 5 burdoned on me naturally.
When faced with my naughty consin, I almost had no strategies.
Although imposing is unwise, it is obviously effective especially when coping with such a noughty boy in a short time.
I'm very sorry Fukushima has become infamous for the accident at the Fukushima Daiich nuclear plants.
Becouse she likes to play pc game,
Work using English in a Japanese compay.
I did not know there was a wepsite which brings together so many different people.
He was a professonr of computer science and he was diagnosed as having an incurable cancer at my age.
Because the brick walls are tere to stop the people who don't want something badly enough.
I think it's a very usefull tool to learn forein langage because whererever I am, if I'm in the situation where I can use internet, I can talk to anyone all over the world.
but weekdays I get home at about 9pm, so I serch for an online (Skype) English school.
serch....
Hou many school are there?
And now I've found a very nice website for learning Engish: I've already signed up, and now I'm writing my self introduction on it.
I subscribed to micro-microblog on QQ, where I encountered a famous saying that says you shold use your mobile phone, when it hasn't been ringing for a while.
Someone once said, ``Our life was made of 5 percent of surprise and the same amount of grife, the rest is normal things that you cannot remember.``
My eyes glisted with tears.
Like this dialy, whenever I have time to teach.
I am looking for begginer, intermediate and advanced persons.
And tommorrow is May 1st.
Now, I don't speak English much. In japan, there is no oppotunity to talk to anyone in English.
I want to introduct the review in the book, and I'm going to translate the review little by little.
I am interested in 'Mizuhiki', which are colorfull strings used for special occasions.
Actuall it was still raining outside when I was writing the sentence.
Hi bbvoncrumb, thanks for your comliment.
because I have low blood pressyre and I'm senstive to cold.
If I can pass the test, I can go abroad and get trainig, take part in editing textbooks...
We will eat loacal food and go shopping! kkkk
Because I will study hard for examination befor it.
He said, ``I slept yesterday without using a heater, in order to save elecricity.
I enjoy exchaging postcards with people in other countries.
at that time, the appearence was just like a bamboo stick.
Everyone will go somewhere even if it is expencive.
I'm writing in the ealry moring just after my job has ended....
Thank you for reding my diary.
It's fine today although some clouds sporadicly adorn the blue sky.
If you are allergic to polens, I'm sorry to say so.
I don't have hay heyfever, so I can't relate to the calamity.
If you were in a quiant village where the roofs of the houses were thatched and you were surrounded by a number of beatiful cherry blossoms, even the word ``specutacular`` wouldn't suffice/ be adequate.
People revel in drinking and eating there and eventualy grow into boisterous because of intoxications.
I don't know where this 'UNCOMPORTABLE' feeling comes from.
I can do it agine, keep going ~ ~!!
we felt happy because we had been out of contact for a long time since we went to college. Hence, we talked about a lot of things including tiring things but finglly, we both had a good state of mind.
4 What's the defference between 'I have some questions for you' and 'I have some questions to ask you'?
Today, I came into the office as earily as usual.
I remember the time of my interview, during which my manager asked me whether I could get through difficulties or not, and my answer was difinitely yes.
Howerer, I feel it's a little difficult to do it now, because it's very hard to get along well with my collauge.
This is my first tiome using Internet to learn language!
To type English with keyboard makes me crazy, 'cause chosing the word to describe the situation that I wanna express takes me a lot of time!
Today I have stronger pain than yasterday.
While watching posted videos on Youtube, I am discouged
Geroge Michael and Shogo Hamada.
My loundry won't dry!:(
Eating and drinking good food and wine with ppl is fun, what is more, the dinner is free.
I apprecite having the chance to go to XXXschool and I hope that I do
There are some things that we are not clear about, and then we have misunderstadning and it makes people who are affected by our mistake feel angry, or at least uncomfortable.
We can't deny the dominance of Endland in comparision with the rest nations about aspects of life, but it should be clear in the way we call nations 'names.
I have ever thouhgt that Great Britain and England were the same, and this lack of knowledge of mine made one of my friends feel uncomfortable.
And now, after taking a class on British cunture, I know exactly the reason.
Because, I didn't transfar money to bank!
I transfared money to bank a little while ago...
I hope that my website's data isn't deleated...
Becouse the wine distributor arrived yesterday.
By the way, it will be rainny tomorrow.
I can write some sentences in English because I studied grammer in Japan, but I'm not sure if it is natural or not.
I prepaeared to go to colleage in a haset, because the speed at which the lec takes place is very fast.
This is the reason why the lecturer illustrates with a moniter, not a blackboard.
So I thought ``What's that!`` when I woke up this morining.
Do you agree or disagree with the following atatement? Parents are the best teachers.
However, we havnn't tdecided the day when we will go yet.
I don't know why, but foreign senior men who apeer on Japanese TV shows also speak 'OYAJI-GAG' on the show.
What was more, I didn't want to get off the bus even though I traveld from Barcelona to Madrid for 8 hours.
I read the news recently and heard about the major earthquake that happended in Haiti and killed many people.
I belive that my country make sure to help them.
Cause he will back to Hong Kong and will not return in vaction.
I think it begins with noting, then it finishes ethier with nothing.
a freaky intervirw experiencs
Now it wants to launch its own shops; hence, it needs to recruit some store managers, sales persons, and maketing executives as well.
HR called me yesterday and asked me if I was interested in the position (maketing executive) or not.
However, this company has totaly dispointed me.
First, I filled out a sheet of personal information and a sheet of MERTKETING questions--freaky qestions.
The interviewer asked me to breif introduce myself and asked me severl questions.
Thus, I asked how many brands they would launch soon and she wasn't abled to answer me.
I also asked about the location of the noew shop and she said she didn't know.
That really surpriced me because the new shop will be launched in the coming April.
So I wanted to go to Kyoto in the morning for siteseeing.
But my spine ached... therefore my motivation disappered.
Mayby today 'll be consumed by reading books.
I've had my chopstics in my left hand when I had a meal 3 months ago.
Left handers are exellent at feelings and inspirations compared to right handers.
After that, we had a barbecue party to clebrate the sucsessful completion.
I come from Vietnam, a beatiful country.
. Austrailia.
It's 23. 14 and I've hust finished watching the first episode of Gilmore girls.
I had classes every day durng my first year at my university.
S is composed of 99 members devided between 5 sections,
this is my frist diary..
I decided to improve my Engkish and I need your help.
Searcging for the meaning of life, human-beings seldom think about the
Working like a bee and then panting like a dog, this kind of lifestyle keeps bothing us people day to day without an end.
It was aduring Happy Hour.
I like beer, but I haven't drunk it in my home for about 2 yeras.
part time jop
I went to my part time jop.
but I have to work to earn mony.
To waht extent do you agree or diagree with this idea? ``
If the company sells their goods only on the internet, waht would happen to people who cannnot use the computer?
In my country, Japnan, many company use web-application systems.
It is a smarting pain rather than just feeling a twingle.
So my room became simple and (refleshed?)
She told me that she would quit teaching English school, because she was busy with raising two young children aged 9 and 7 years, and support her husband who would like to change his job, and also she wants to pursue her carreer in writing.
I need to Travel arount my contry to finish my job.
but I don't have much opportunities to practise my oral englsh.
I have strted to snowboard since this year.
This Sunday was a little bit different than usual because we had twelve visiters from Cambodia.
When he asked her if she would do it, she wlillingly accepted his plan.
Eventurelly, the plan proceeded this afternoon.
After I became a grown-up, I'm likely to be shy and nervous, so sometimes I lack agrresiveness.
When I think about Arabian people and Ratin people, even if they don't know much about English grammer, they can speak and listen to English, and they don't seem to be shy or nervous or hesitate.
Japanese especially have a tendensy to be silent, I think.
In Japanese education, listening to what teachers or people say is a viture, so people won't say anything while someone is speaking.
, and happy holloween!
We plan to go drriving tomorrow, however a meeting time and our distination is not decided.
She probably dirnks beer in a pub.
It was very sunny today, so I went to Osaka castel Park to see cherry blossoms with my son.
because everyday I think ``l 'm happy, l have all the things l wnat`` but sonetimes l don't want anything.
So, I have to eat lunsh alone!
I didn't eat breakfirst yet.
My English teacher recomended it to me, so I expected a lot before I watched it.
But after a while, you will know it has been spritual nourishing.
I'm not good at larning English.
I'm in my final year of the duch equavalent of high school.
I still made my first entry here an English one, mostely because I have my first English final comming up and it just happens to be a writing assignment.
And also because I just really enjoy writing in English, and I'm kind of affraid to write in German for some reason.
I've never felt sick since I came to Australia, but at that time, just that particuler day, I wasn't fine.
Last Monday, I met my former crassmates.
It was lovery day so we bougt lunch and ate in the park.
But I did an oral test, I don't speak English very well, I don't have the opportunity to talk in English, I need to find some way to train my conversation, but I dontn't know where.
TUTER!
I'm looking forward to seeing my lovery wife in yukata.
You told me that you were taught Shakespear with boredom when you were around 8 to 11.
I love TED and Steave Jobs 'speech in Stanford university.
I appriciate learing 2. 0:-)
If you want a product cheeper than the retail price, it is very usefull.
Many Koean use Coupang, Ticketmonster, Gurupon...
Social commerce site have various kinds of coupons: shopping mall, bueaty shop, hair shop, nail shop, masage shop, restaurant, cafe..
ect..
Becouse if I think too much, I can't continy.
I am buzy, so I am going to just try and try.
I thought it must be a lie, but when I visited her apartment, I saw there were four bannas in the kitchen.
so my daughter was eager to go out somewherer.
Haneda airport was used mainly for domestic flights and connected to only 4 foreign ariport in China and South Korea.
The workers took off their shoes inside the building until it officailly opened in order to keep it clean.
Dear friens!
It is difficult to point out the errors in the Japanese sentences non-naitlives write.
We read a recpi while we cooked ``tororo-conbu-nabe``.
It was a great success, Thoug it is our first time cooking it.
The part 'hoor' sounds like 'whore' in English (srry for the wording..
So the Englishman thought my mother often called her collague a
Englishman thought my mother called her collegue whore for sure.
so my friend advicsed to write my journal in this site.
mmmmm, I've got to make new friends.
I want to use the phrase, ``Get to the bottm of this``.
If you can't beleive in yourself, just concentrate and keep up the effort.
``A Claas of Art``
I will have an art class and I'm going to go to near the port, and I will paint a pecture of a fishing boat.
Yeaterday, I played soccer from early morning.
I will join a soccer tornament in November.
Pls correct my English.
When I drove my car, I was aware that the right side blinker of my car flased faster than the left side blinker.
I found that the bulb on the fornt right side blinker didn't work.
It might be more expesive than fixing at a gas station.
That reminds me of the death of princess Diana who died in Paris when she was followed by many paparrachi.
Also, people missunderstand the important news of the world, since every time you see the television in Japan, there are so many programs with information of the star's gosips; because of such nonsence information, it reduces the time to show other serious news that is much more important for the world.
By the gosips from the media, these fans can be confused of the difference of the image and behavior of such stars.
My birthday is this Saterday.
I think I didnn't do well.:(After the test, a cinematographer came to my school and gave a speech.
there aren't a lot of days left till the worldcup Cup!
If someone asks me ``how about writing an essay togeher about his
From tomorrow I'm gonna start to attend a English institude.
He is Korean but at this moment lives in Japon and studies Spanish.
I am goind to visit Tokyou tomorow as my sister is getting married.
Althout I habe visited Tokyo once before, I am excited to go there again.
A mail from a colleage was about my boss '
I chose chemistry while others chose geography, biology, physics, politics, or histry.
In my piont of view, that is just because they all belong to science.
In university, the phydics class is much more difficult than before.
I have thought that a person would be slimmer after finishing a series of difficuld questions.
We had a wonderfull time in NYC and Washinton, DC too.
I thought that maybe they were born in (came from) Europ when I first listened to their music.
I felt the Eropean style in their music.
Polular places for Hanami such as Ueno Koen are usually very noizy because of people talking, shouting, singing etc.
I am Koream.
Althought I can't speak efficiently, I want to enjoy with friends who can speak English.
The main topics of conversation were all around me, like seasons, alchole, hobbies, gambling, etc...
However, this experiment has encouraged me to leran English.
Yesterday I took this picture because the flower was so beautifl.
I mean that even though people prepare enough to achieve something they would like to get through sucessfully, when it counts, they get so nervous and worried and as a result they can't perform as they had thought they would be able to.
It's difficult to discribe.
The animation is so beautiful and I think it can be proud as a Jananese calture.
So today, I was looking for good ways to practice my english in an interesting way-waching movies, chatting, and talking are very good ways aren't they?
Good night and thaks for reading,
It is the most excitest MANGA I've ever read.
They sometimes make me angry, but not really because they're my lovley dogs.
But it's lanch time soon!
Hong Kong was a very fun and lovery place.
There were many different foods, it was very yammy,
As I could try the flavors of several countries, it was very interensting and celicious.
My colleague from the previos company (I worked for) called me last night.
``The competiter can't do it.``
because I'm affaid I will need a alot of corrections..
Good morring from Thailand
As soon as I got up, I washed my fece and brushed my teeth.
I'm looking forware to that, someday.
You also wouldn't hear the noise of cars on the road, beause there were few cars at that time. Most of people went to work by bicycle.
Their were green plants instanded of high gray buildings.
I suppose their strategy is very successful among this generation besause of their reliance on the Internet.
In addition, the laziness of their customers resuts in the offer of a delivery service.
The older we get, the better we get at handling human relaitonship.
And then I went to snowboard about twice a sisen.
In the future after our dreams come true, I hope to travell overseas with her.
I want to write the reason why I stady English.
Above all, I just stayed and traveld there without any consideration for my future, whether I could get a job, and so on.
Belarusians almost never say ``Good morning.``
This earm
This earm is so interesting.
I am surprised that so many people are able to speak good Japanese which is said to be one of the most dificult languages in the world.
My dog is calld Rei.
My dog is sheeping on the sofa.
My first trip outside Taiwan was Japen when I was 13.
Earning money by myself is not unusal for me; however, it's really something to make money in a foreign langhage and a foreign country.
When you wnat to rent equipment such as a camcorder, a lighting unit, a microphone, etc., we ask you to register as a member of the Community Media Center.
somethinf happened to me recently.
I went to a japenese food resterant with my boss yesterday.
The G7 meeting ended and they dicided to carry out some provision which has never been done before.
I have to have my motocycle looked at by the motocycle shop's employees.
Yesterday, I was very excited because it was my frist time
Because there was already existing resorce which I did not create.
The strategy is how I shoud make use of the resorce, thinking of priolity and limits themselves, I guess.
But I realized the existance of copy right, and I gave it up.
I asked an electiric store to repair my air conditioner.
I want to know about Minnesotta.
Today I went to the club camerot in Shibuya.
I relly think ``What a wonderfull world`` every morning.
Becouse it is intersting and fashion in the clothes.
I would like to join the next perty some day, as well.
As I didin't know when to submit it, I asked my friend for the deadline.
I really recomend this book.
It's soncond Sunday of May today.
Now they're keeping that secret just between themseives, their mother has not known that it's Mother's Day today.
Each Ramen shop chef has his or her own recipie.
There you can be satisfied with each bowl at a reasonble price.
It raine yesterday, so I came home to my dorm by school bus.
Also I think that we have been only larning formal sentences because when I talked to native English spealers, I could not understand anything they said even though they spoke slowly for me.
Facing the failure of my College Entrance Examnation, I felt depressed at first.
Fianaiiy, I want to be rich.
I feel sometimes it's good to get away from electrical gudgets and doing something diffrent from what I usually do.
From today, I want to keep writting as many entries as possible anyway.
Today's picture is the most beatuiful beach I visited in Taketomi island.
and our body gets older. We need to take care for ourself such as eating a velue food that is useful for the body. Even ``water`` seems to be important.
I tried to comunicate with British people.
There are three pieces of news which I'm worring about:
We have classes in her office over tean and cakes.
Susan and Catherin are very American.
She wanted to be a conductor of an orchetra when she was a high school student and she majored in music in college.
They are Chiba Lotte Marines (a Japanease Professional Baseball Team) fans.
I had took this methord for the past six months, but I did not improve much.
If you have a good methord for learning English, can you share with me?
I am from Saudi Arabi.
I joined this community site because one of my friends reccomended it to me.
it's difficult, for me, writing in English dialy.
Anyway I had a gud day.
The store is very big, and I was so excting about shopping.
time and I also forgot that I came there frome the other side.
Am I your daughter? ``My parents laught.
Do you remember? ``The Assisrants laught too.
When I was growing up, my parents often tell me about/ remind me about this thing, and we laught about it.
I'm getting better recentry.
Then I wondered why all of girls who you kissed were very surprised, when they looled at my face.
In the world, there are many people that commit suicide. Maybe they have many defferent reasons.
People always do sonmthing they are unlikely to do but they must do.
People always do someting bad for themself but they still do it. I think my smoking is the same with those people.
I want to make foreign fridends!!!
I'm enjoying 1 Liter of Tears now.
Yesterday I stopped by some Indian-currey restaurant to have lunch.
So I encourge myself.
I'm learning Jazz dancing from 4 years ago and I'll try to do yoga and velly dancing this year!
sun. Meanwhile, my boys workd very hard.
They cleand at the bottom of the mountain.
True or Flase?
We try to gether audience, but only a few people come to our show.
Like most of the Chinese students, I have been learning English for a long time and improving it by taking various langage exams.
It should be after my Jappanese languge proficiency test level 1 and earier than my 1-year-exchage in Jappan next year.
To recite all of those vacabulary and pick up English writing, I have decided to start writing dairy on Lang-8 once again and I hope I will do it longer this time.
I am learning some words that I am not familiar, espacially those from TOEFL vacabulary.
3, I reaaly need to improvve my English which is very important for job and I'll do it with my full heart.
I feel lilltle ashamed of myself.
My frieds what are your suggetions to my English study?
I can type anthing I i want to share with you guys.
The main actor is Won Bin, who is very handsom and tough.
Especilly in the last scene in which the main character struggles with all the bad guys is very cool and exciting.
So I recommond that children and pregnant women don't see the movie.
but I couln't.
I like winter but today I thought that this winter is too cold& long/ hard and it will be wounderfull if it is over sooner and spring comes.
I went to see Jusesu Christ Superstar by a Japanese theatre company yesterday.
Yesterday's stage was called ``Japonesc version``.
Kanamori as Judas 'song is ringing in my ears... painfuly sad voice.
For serveral years, some friends of mine, who are very well versed on the subject of comic books, suggested that I read Watchmen/ suggested to me that I read Watchmen.
The depth and humanity of the characters makes them different from the stereotipical comic book heroes.
The plot deals with several interesting themes such as human nature, perceived reality, politics and the difference betwen ideologis and reality.
She says she enjoyed it, but I think it was a little hard to understant for her.
It's the sweet poteto season!!
I like sweet poteto very much.
I want to make baked sweet potatoes, tempra of sweet poteto, and many other delicious things.
I'm going to get some sweet poteto, so I can start cooking seet poteto!!
Are there other dishes using sweet poteto?
Some people might say it is meanigless.
A 100 yen shop has daily goods, stationeris, toys and even food.
The rent is determined by various factors such as location, neiborhood, building age, amenities, whether or not there is a doorman, elevators, and so on.
Since the neiborhood itself is very popular, the rent level is very high even if quality of an apartment is low.
I prefer to live comfortibly comfortability inside an apartment because I spend more time inside than in the neiborhood.
Thank you for reading my dicitonary!
However, a familiar word, ``McDonal's``, as we can see around the world, has the letter ``D`` in it as a captial letter.
Additionaly, she was a patriot and we should construct a statue to extol this noble spirit.
Statues are built to remember people who contributed to society, and thereby making more people realize theire responsibility to the country.
We went to Bexhill which is near Eastborne.
We went to see The Red Arrows show in Eastborne.
We saw two ponnies, a pig, chickens and many kids tried feed them all the time.
I went to see the broadway musical ``Legally Brond`` last night.
Please check my grammers.
My favorite figure skater is Plushenko,_ because his sketing is very good and exciting.
and because now I have native speakers to speak with and practice with, even this site is one of my important reasourses ^ ^
These things, for me, are so beatiful.
Please correct any grammatical errors or any expreesion not commonly used.
I rememeber when my girlfriend and I started to see each other, she always made fun of me and told others that I'm so stupid to be with a girl in the same department, even in the same scholl.
Sters are very beautiful.
My heart becomes peceful.
The view from the small mountian is especially good!
I'm liiking forward to that time.
In an hour's time, I will go to school to cintinue my studies.
Chonese lesson, english lesson, maths lesson and so on.
I hope to ellect the person that has proper thoughts and actions.
Sorry, I haven't posted my dialy for two weeks.
A presentation topic will be attractive with the support of examples and proof, especially for academic, sientific and technical presentations.
I'd like to improve my spaking skill by using my iPod and this speaker.
I am an account ececutive.
Everyday I need to handle all kinds of things that are complicated and irritaing.
I think I should be more careful and deligent in my work.
I'm a bigenner on this site.
This is my first dialy.
I read a book about organizing of desk, infomation and thinking.
Most Popular Chara in Japan
After I moved it, I chaked the data on the DVD-Rs.
and after a while, thenPC went blue (secree) again.
Beause I felt very cold, we went back early.
Hai! My name is Yasuna. I am a freshman at a Japanese college.
The Fitst
Below is my introducation.
In the future, I want to becom a successful secretary.
That's all to my personal introducation.
As I did poorly on the listening ang writing.
Quatitive, Verbal....
I wonderd a little bit if the bubbles are bad for the lawn.
Chinese tekens, gebruikt in het Japans, kunnen op verschillende manieren worden gelezen zonder dat hun betekenis veranderd.
I wanted to watch them because they are so famaous.
Naruto is famaous in Japan too.
I tried drowing at the workshop.
But I couldn't even drow straight lines.
But our program teachers, yong Americans, have opened my eyes.
what's your mathods?
I am a Univercity student in Kyoto and I am 20 years old.
It's an old Japanese mortercycle.
Sometime last nonth,
At the biggining of counseling, I asked a student what the biggest problem facing him was.
Maybe someone wants to know someyhing about Russia.
The song I want to practice next is the classic old song [Juat Once].
It is ``I'm not okey`` composed by My Chemical Romance.
The sky in autumn is so beatiful especially in Japan!
If you have not seen it, I will realy reccomend it.
``autum`` and '`` fall ``
Some sentances in the novel ``Night`` which I don't understand.
And here are some sentances that I found emotional and beautiful (I don't know how to descibe it appropriately, maybe you can help me XD) and want to share with you guys:
It is famous for its ``night marcket``.
Wooh it is almost 4 o 'clock in the mornig and
My voice surprised my son when I read his picuture books.
My company is a commercial firm so we purchase products from Swithland and sell them.
Since we send products to the costomer after we receive their order, it takes a long time.
Our products are very complicated and people may be unfirmiliar with them (it is a device for vacuum), so we need to think of it and find a good way.
My main job is solvning my client task by digital communication.
I can hear spectators sing a song together in order to cheer players up at sport events such as soccor and baseball.
I make it a poin to listen to Enya's songs when I am stressed.
It looked like weezers.
He told me ``These are tongus for chips.
Are they convinient to eat snacks with?!
I want to study English and Spainish. I have been studying English for a long time,
I bought 20 greaded readers books
I'm looking forwad to receiving the package.
We are looking forward to visting Denmark very much.
Since January 1st, I have been writting diaries in English on another site.
The Sushi he made was so delisious, and his delight (from it) was able to be seen. And a smile on people faces who ate his Sushi was noticeable.
Knowledge is what maks adult and chilren different from one another.
Finailly is skill.
Consequently, my consentration increased and I could go home early.
It seems I have a new computer rigth now but I don't lilke it. I like the old one because I was used to uisng it.
There are many atractions.
Speaking of atractions, some of them will scare people but they are out of order.
I have a fear of hights.
I'm a chiken.
He has a very good psysique.
We asked a peson there to take pictures of us.
When my daughter found the bycicle after waking from her nap, she said,
``The bycicle is laying on the ground!``
sunndy day
perosn in the music industry.
Friendship is an essential ingredient in the making of a healthy, rewaring life.
All people have the right to access the best medicien available.
While some people think it is necessary to ensure human lives by providing them with advanced treatments and the best medicine, it would be very difficult to take care of or save thier lives completely in terms of the budget and facilities.
It is true that people should be treated equally regardless of thier level of income.
Rich indivisuals or companies cannot take responsibilitiy for the medical world.
For exmaple, in Japan, it takes a long time to raise enough funds for patients 'opperations. The goverment still lacks money even after abolishing unnecessary business activities.
I have been impressed by the theory of Ebbing house befote.
I'm visitimg websites, including this one, by using my cellphone.
How dericious it was!
Firstly, miso can be devided into two types in terms of its color, aka (red) miso and shiro (white) miso.
It's really hard to discribe colors in English precisely!
so I've been tierd these days.
OKINAWA's music has very special hermony.
Your country may have that kind of biscuit too but Tim Tams have a special ingredient which your contry doesn't allow to put in biscuits-drugs!!
My next English lesson will be about surperstitions.
Now I work in a kingarden, I do like children, but I don't like to play with them all day long.
It's my frist time logging in LANG-8, so I'm new.
I want to chang jobs, but I have no confidence 'cause of my poor English.
Just kiddning ^ ^ But I want to if I can.
My dream is to become a management consultansy.
I cough so seriously that sometinmes I can't even breath.
After coughing for 3 days my mother said ``I think we should see the doctor, the doctor of traditional Chinese medicine.`` The doctor of traditoinal Chinese medicine is about 60 years old.
English buisiness letter
My custums broker says that the importer's name was my storage company's name on the B/ L.
I think it's very hard for a person with no experience like me to get a job. It must be very hard at the beainning, but I believe that I can have a better tomorrow if I work hard. ^ ^
I used to save my small allowance to buy a new album and then listend to it thoughtsands of times.
What is strange is that on the other hand they're willing to pay 300-400 yen to download a single 'chaku-uta (music file specialy coded for mobile phones)', to get the song immediately when they want it.
I guess what they value more is convinience than a small amount of money, which is I think a bit too expensive for a single song though.
Dubois put her girls to bed and was wating for her husband while sitting on the sofa alone with the lights turned off, when Mr.
Dubois, who has been deeply destressed, finally said to him, ``Honey, it's already 9 o' clock. ``
I was got a little cultral shock at that scene.
The younger people in their 20s usually go out with freinds till very late.
When my husband and I were dating, we used to meet aroud 8 or 9pm after work and hang out in a cafe or bar, then went our seperated ways around 10 or 11pm.
Restorants usually close at 10pm and supermarkets and shops usually close after midnight. Moreover, there are lots of bars which stay open through the whole night.
Topic: you need to write an appropriate response to Eeil, being around 100 ~ 150 words in length
How are you doing? Last nihgt, I saw a TV program that said Japanese people eat Japanese food less these days.
How are you? Your letters never sease to enjoy me.
Second, the number of Japanese families who buy groceries from online supermarkets increasing these days is not a good way to buy food because, in my opinion, using online servises like this would discourage people from enjoying themselves before making meals.
Personally, even if a custom in one country is so crule or so stupid seen from people from other countries, they don't have the right to say if the country's custom is good or not; all costom have the right to exist in the world.
Althogh this entry is so long, please correct this> <; sorry!
Today I slept untill 10: 00.
I started to write a diary to improve my engilsh:)
So many people were there. I saw many beautiful girls and florts.
But the most surprising event was the Stels B-2 fighter flying over
The Taiwanes perple are very kindful.
I love Taiwan and Taiwanese perple.
I can make various pound cakes, for example, chocolate, pecannuts, banana& walnuts, raisins, and some dry fluits.
I take pictures of some triful object that has a nice atmosphere.
Then he suddenly started talking about gambling and the rich man who is the president of oil company in singapole and winning 20000 $ last night and he taught me how to win.
I'm Jpanese and I'm buddist.
However, a lot of Japanese people like to celebrate Christmas like foreign peple.
I've heard that in many foreign countries, people buy prezents for their family.
However in Japn it seems to be only for children and cupple.
Maybe it is used as advertisement for toys or jewelly?
I gave prezents to my nephew and niece.
After graduating from ESL and switching around some majors such as Spanish and Social Work, I felt like studying more about the earth and the things related to it, so finally I majored in Geography which foucus on resources and the environment.
My school life here in TX has been intersting and fun although learning English is still in progress and I still have long long long way to go.
I'm a graduate student and will graduate from my univeristy next spring.
I need to wait until the company starts intervies again.
So I deciede to return to the place where my university is located.
Neighbor restaurants menu
I could add new a item to my neighbor restaurants menu.
But it was not the that strange untill my college classmate appeared.
I don't know why I always dream about my elementary school, highschool, and the places I played in when I was a chind.
Suddenly I feel like readng blogs that/ which are written in English.
There are many language in the world and I selected English first because I've been studing since junior high school and orignally I liked English, especially I want to understand and use ``jokes in English`` (hahaha)
To be awkard, I want to teach more to 13 girl and play with 11 girl!
It is of the ``Godzzila Rock,`` which is in Syari town of Shiretoko peninsula.
I sat for examinations from Tuesday to Sataday.
My classmates suggested we go to see the movie 2012 to relax and relase our pressure that's been repressed these past few weeks.
I've skipped it twice, and if I am anbsent the class three times, I can't pass the exams, even if I get 100 points.
Even watching TV is a lille bit hard.
And I looked up about my class 'tacher too.
Luckely, I downloaded all the episodes from the Internet and watched it within half a year.
But the even busier season is comming soon.
I work alone untill very late in office when I have big projects to complete.
Sometimes untill 3am or 4am...
I got an offer to do website and product design from swissland company.
But it faild.
For exeample, optimistic, negative, positeive, cheerful, kind, strong, and more
Please give me your good advaice!!!!
In November I will go to Finland to meet an international coodinataor who is in Uni.
Actually, it took longer becouse I transited in Malaysia.
I enjoyed talking with them, and could feel cultural diffrences.
When I heard that, I felt the immense distance between countries becouse the sun sets earlier in Korea.
But there is a diffrence between only knowlage from a dictionary and the stories we can listen from people living there.
I wish I could have traveled around Australia becouse there are a lot of good places to visit.
I shoul have gone to the Great Barria Reef for squba daving.
So, I'll go to the Kaname-cho station to study English with my friend who theaches me.
Thterefore, I make it a habit to check calories.
I'm disappointed with this result, but prbably
I'll study basicly English, like I studied when I
Once I have begun to write diary, I check for my buddies and reple everyday...
Although I'm doomed to fail, It is an ordianry thing for me and I will do it again and again..
Today I made fried celery and becon, boild spinach with sesame, and rice balls.
Tomorro I'll make boild poteto and beef with soy sauce, and some appetizers.
I'm on a bussiness trip in KOBE, HYOGO-prefecture.
Many foriner are in KOBE.
I usually go on a bussiness trip for ten days in a month.
It's hard for me to take a long time for torancepotation.
Recently I was thinking about two quetions:
second, where can my own happiness and expience come from?
I will go to France for 3 months from august to october to do reserch for biology.
In the labo I will go to, everybody should comunicate with English.
My major is Japaness.
I have a lot of intresting.
I cannot contect some friends who live in the devastated areas.
We also decided that we would sing together one Englis song and one Japanese song and after we sing well, we will post it on YouTube.
I will use ipot and master singing English songs.
But the yonger one hates it.
Of course this is a good way, but before doing that, for people who are not confiden with their speaking like me, it's very useful to learn how to write well organized English.
So I'm practicing in this way so that I can put toghether English words quickly.
I found the anser to this question.
Work is impotant for me to enrich my life.
neice to meet everyone!
Recentry, I was too busy.
Please look forward to my next jurnal.
From tmr, I'm gonna start working on my desk and I feel like that's gonna go well.
So I could not agree with his ponion.
For some pelple, red is a beautiful and lucky color.
But, I learned that it's sad to regret in the furture.
VietNam learning English
Hello everybody, I am VietName and I want to learn English.
I think that is a long time, but I am not goot at English.
Im love shopping, besides I'm just a student yet and, because of it, I'm constantly poor.
Cut an onion leangthwise in half and slice the halved onions.
Place some butter into a frying pan and and fry the onion over a moderate flame until golden brown (for about 8 minitus).
While we were walking, we discovered spinich in the field, which is a vegetable I really like.
I could enjoy having a dinner with a wonderful side-dish of refreshing spinich.
They always say, ``We are too busy now, so we can't deal with your things at once.`` And when we ask them when they can do it, their official response is ``we will do it on our own schedual, but we don't know when we can finish it.`` Nevertheless, our leader has no power to ask them do our matter as soon as possible.
I don't know whether I should work harder atmy job, or look for a better job in near futire.
I love automn too.
I like this season the best because the clamate is very accurate to do anything.
As soon as I woke up I felf a sore throat.
I thought ``Today, I'm not so busy, I wiil be OK,`` but unfortunately...???
Becase I find I'm wasting my time.
We should combin them with some other ideas or some global standard.
To me, English is a chaming language.
Some students use color or hightlighters.
I'm wokr at a logistics company,
Today the weater was bad.
When I stayed at home in the Kanto-area on Frieday, some violent shaking occurred.
But a tyhoon hit.
I hate when independent rock bands break up because they are not famous and they can't find the oportunities to sucseed.
Filipina girl, 3.
But I can't speak Englishu fluently, so I will mend my ways and enjoy everyday to the fullest.
Ten days later will be Chistmas, but it will also bring me a difficult problem. That is what should I buy for my supersivor as a chiratmas gift?
I work in a InterCintinental hotel (a ingternational hotel) where most of the mangement staff are foreginers. Such as my direct boss is from Austrlia, our manager is from Netherland. our GM from italy so on.
Generral speaking, we celebrate christmas just for pleasure in China.
But this time it is absolutely differen. We will be celebrating christmas with some real foreginers!
So I think it's necessary to buy something special for them as a christmas gift to help them to have the same christmas as before. At least they will also recieved a gift.
I think theis fellings about Christmas is a bit diffrerent from China, and my main task is to make chrismas as fun as it would be in their homeland..
Shino-chan also came to Osaka from Hiroshima for to take tha lesson.
I heard an interesting speach.
But I think it's very important that we have to show concideration for each other.
Our group's main purpose is introducing Japanese student guides to student travelar.
My freinds reccomended that I eat dinner.
I migth look for people who can advise for me about diet.
In order to do it I walk aroun and go up and down.
And through some windows I can see some greeen around my house.
As you know, the roads in the morning are full of cars which are droven by workers.
In my opinion every subject is importent.
Many students think maths is more difficlt than Chinese, so they spend more time doing maths than they do practicing chiese.
It will make me feel longly.
How do mivies or TV affect people? No. 4
Heroes and heroines achieve great sucess of their business, attain sweet love of their life, and gain high respect of their fame so easily within a two-hour long movie.
When watching it, audiences can experience the same events and share the same feelings. As a result, this whole process would fulfll their fantasies and cause them to find balance in their lives, or to some degree, lose the balance in their lives. This all depends not only on the movies but also the audiences themselves.
To put it differently, takss are arduous for mass media to bring people laughter, joy and relaxation, and at the same time some pedagogic meanings.
I've been practising magic trics since I was in the university.
The earthquake happend in Tohoku and along the Pacific Ocean coast this afternoon.
So you might see a rainbow, Althouh there are some other necessary conditions.
I went to an Italian restaurante with my husband.
It was so delisious that I ate too much.
I want to tell my sister about this restautante.
The end of it threw me a curve when her hand suddenly appeard from her grave.
Also, she said that ``You can never be cereful enough; you are a girl.``
This evening, I read a novel wrote by a Britian womon writer titled, ``Harry Potter and Magic Stone``.
His uncle has a chubby and spoided son.
The uncle and aunt treated Harry curelly.
Harry went to the Witchcraft and Wizandry School with the help of an escort who was from that school, and began his lengendary experiences.
There was truble on Wednesday,
The sore thorat will heal by gradation.
I am verry happy!
Tomorrow I hane an interview test to work at a part-time job.
I am a bit narvous.
Then, we took the travel angcy's bus there.
We were disappointed becuase we had spent time and money. We just took the bus all day. Then I went to the travel agncy, and they returned some of our money.
Accorinding to the news, it is an aproaching Typhoon.
I heard about Lang-8 incidently from a Chinese website called CnBeta, a IT news website.
One measure I am taking is the pursuit of muscle excercise.
Unfortunatly, There are no lessons in the holidays.
They live in appartments near the university so that they can go to school by bike.
First I need to coppy a book for him.
Do I sound a little mysterous?
My bad luck began when last month I went to a temple to pray for mome money.
So I was thinking, ``I definetly have to go there again.``
Now, I feel like my esophagus is buring.
I need to find a way to alliviate my anxiety.
As a female patien, I have good reason to lose my rationality.
We talked about the past, the embarrassings happened to us.
I'm twenty-one now, and I have many random thoughts. (my friends call me ``poet`` sometimes; I wish I wouldn't make you luagh).
I'm sorry I konw I should.
but still I don't know what I want to do after I finnish these studies.
I continued to make the panda that I began (?) yesterday, again I made some mistakes-.-I was really hoping to finnish it today, but I guess maybe it will be tomorrow lol
Because of that terrible life style, I had a high fever every month, got the flu in winter and suffere from chronic constipaion.
The host family was good, I thoght!
``It makes no fifference to me.``
I want someone to correct my dialies.
As a aaresult my performance was OK but my index finger was burnt.
Well, I will enjoy the perty.
I just need to be happy but it's so difficle.
Our country has a lot of good culuture., so I want to introduce it to people.
And recentry, the custom of wearing kimono is dying, becouse many Japanese do not wear kimono anymore. So, I want to try and bring this custom back to life.
Thanx! ~ ~
Hair Of Beutiful Women
I want to improve my English and it depends on the criticism, so turely, I hope you can help me correct my English.
However, all the hotels around the airport are exspensive.
Oen day, my co-wroker told me about lang-8.
I feel that here is a good place to learn, beacuse many people share their diaries.
First, I have an English test in Augest, so I must spent a month in for preparing it.
Well, I've mostly just hung out with my freinds and went the library the last few days.
After Choo-Suk, Korea's second job recruting season will be begin.
I hope to work for an international company where I can use Enlgish or Chinese.
Of course 10 people including me were attending the meeting for a system assesement; 4 people were foreigners who came from our HQ and most of the other people had a good English speaking ability.
At first, it was a little exciting. I tried to listen to them and undertand what they explained.
These exams will be very deifficult for me.
Recently, I watched the movie ``A single man`` with Colin Firth as lead actor and the briliant Julianne Moore.*
It's just beacuse of Tomek Michniewicz's book ``Samsara``.
But I will write a blog evreday.
So he is sleeping beside me at the momen to rest.
I appreciate in advanced to peopel on this site, because I need help with my English writing.
Yestereven was Christmas Eve.
After this trip, I think I should study English haeder all over again.
Today I writr an email to my customer.
But my collge said, ``it is incorrect.``
Originaly I wasn't a person who was in charge of anything because I was the youngest of three chilren in my family.
I went to an exhibition about the/ our solar system with my BF because BF's major subject is electronics and his fater recommede it to us.
I also played bloon 3 and bloon 4.
I went to sell unwanted things to a recicle shop last weekend.
Though I've thought about these words lately, I sitll don't knowwhich situations these words are used in by native speakers.
I often hear ``definitely`` when I am warking on a street.
I remember when I was in high school, I seldom had a feeling that ``I don't know what I'm writting about`` but now I do feel unsure sometimes.
Because my school is close to my home, I can go home every weeked.
My byfriend asked me to go to his boss's cottage 2 or 3 weeks ago.
His boss, Nancy, and her hasband, Steve, are really nice to me.
He said, ``I woud like to say something.
But, I realized what he was trying to say from his serious face and eyes.... then* I* was afriaid to hear the words.
What I said back to him was, ``Thank you,`` and I explaind my feelings to him.
vey hard week
espaccialy at weekends
I am a Jpanese man living in the Miyagi prefecture.
I usually paleyed Metal Gear3 on a Play station3.
So, I will quit the game and start to studiy English.
I don't like to be in the cold, so I wore a sweter.
I think one of the scary parts is there is no vaccine againt the new flu yet.
I thinck I can write a dairy or something related.
I would like to buy new dictionary, because my degital dictionary is old.
Of cource, the class is all taught in English.
Also, I `m goindg to go to a theater in Osaka with my friend.
Resently, I have studied English.
Your cooperation is appriciated.
I have to addmit that I'm in love with Engish as a language and I wish one day that I can speak it fluently like the natives without stammering and pausing in between words.
I have a big cozy whithe bath with different kinds of foams, salts, soaps, gels and many other sweet things that are necessary in the bathroom.
I sometimes take a bath and read a book or a magazin.
Ruby is developed by Matz, who is Japanease.
``Year 3000`` is a big-sellor song originally made by Busted, which is a British band.
Today, I planned for this year what whould happen and when I'm going to take vacations.
And, I want to watch a baseball game with Ichiro, who plays for the Seattle Marinaes.
There's too many seminars, and I'm not concerntration.
It should be peaceful between conuntrys.
After that, We went to the erectlicity shop, and played with iPad.
All of thoes are totally different.
Adaptable, versatile, indusrious.
It's still lika new, because I don't really know a lot of miso menus.
But 4 years ago, I went to Okinawa with my family and I tried snorkling for the first time.
My heart was pounding while snorkling.
I don't know why, but I beliebe there are many incredible creatures and I feel like I won't be able to survive if something happens to me.
I'm going to Okinawa this year again, but I will just look at the beautiful scenary.
I cannot understand his behavior, eather.
Krean friend and food
I have been to Souel in Korea once more than ten years ago.
Even after the lesson, she used to go straigh to his house with him, not back to our house.
I was quite sure he always looked down on my plan that I would go to Austraia to master English.
I wonder how you guys can stay in such a cruel and hopless country.
Today I am going to the sotore and shop.
Later I am going to eat with friends afther that we are going to my friend's house and we all are going to wacth movies and listen to music.
`Let us discover the sigunificance of birth and the joy of living'
Every shake remainds us of the disaster.
There is a coin box in the convinience store I work in.
Becouse now that is all I can do.
The GM asked me to be his assitant and he told me I could do something in a prefessional setting in logisitics.
Internet calls have many adventiges, but lots of things still remain to be fixed.
In the beggining, I was just looking for people to talk with in English to improve my conversation abilities.
When he was a baby, he had an experience of curing a decayed tooth that was cused by his mother's milk.
I sometimes feel lonly and I feel jealous of his ex-girlfriends.
how about doing an internship and studying English in the Philipines?
Salary and supply survice is not bad.
Fortunately, I have enough time to think and decied.
My co-worker had told me about this site and I have registrated!
I was not confident I could learn the symbles and I am not sure about studying pronunce, but after the lesson, I studied a little bit myself and I could hear English sounds more clearly.
I'm dissapointed.
I followed my husband to a dental clinick in the neighber town after work for treatment of his decayed tooht.
Sushi is my fevorite food.
The DVDs I bought were ``No resavations`` and ``Wanted``.
I like Catherine Zeta-Jones and Anjelina Jolie.
Probrem students
Next year, some problem students will be coming to my raboratory.
This is a difficult problem in my univeisity.
What's worng with me?!?!
but I'm really angry to myslef.
Maybe we will get stiff muscles after climbingLOL
There are always many customers on the weedend,_ but that day it was very empty.
My friend has got a headake after this travel!!!
Especially the grammar, it's so complecated.
In Japan, basicly, we don't kiss in public and also we don't kiss on the forehead.
I saw a car ornamanted with Red Bull signs.
I started to practce the drums 11 years ago.
Hello, my friends. First of all, I want to apologize to all my friens at lang-8 for being absent for this long period due to the requirements in my last year of college. No doubt that I miss you all. I pick up this topic because everybody here is talking about the referendum in sudan these days. To the people who don't know much about Sudan, it is the biggest country in Africa and located on east side of Africa; south of Egypt. My country has struggled with political instability and prolonged wars since being liberated from the Britich 50 years ago. Unfortunately Sudan was born with wars and the most harmful one was in South Sudan. That war is considered the longest war in the history of Africa or modern history. The war continued 50 years after liberation, killed two million Sudanese citizens, and caused four million Sudanese citizens to emigrate due to the paralyzed economy we had during this ugly war.
Sudan is a country of diffrente races, languages, and religions, but specific parts in the north are more educated than other parts of Sudan. This is because during britich rule the south and west of Sudan were closed areas and the government didn't allow any cultural developmental. So, soon after liberation the Sudanese found themslef with big challenge of how to rule this wide country where the north Sudanese were more educated. The government was ruled by them and other citizens felt like this government doesn't represent them. The biggest historical mistake is that this government did not change britch policy of closed lands. As result of this huge mistake, the racism grew between Sudanese populations and rapidly the southern Sudanese took up arms to get their rights in Sudan. At that point, no Sudanese, including southern Sudanese, had the idea for a separation. They just wanted their rights in their country as whole Sudan. And, as days go by, and wars burned houses and killed children and women, the idea of separation from Sudan arose. In 2005, the happiest year of sudan history, the government and (splm) stopped the war in South Sudan the Nifasha Peace Agreement has born. The goverment promised a lot political changes: the system became democratic and a successful election also occurred. sothren sudanes can rule their own lands by the new fedral system. In the Nifasha Peace Agreement, the goverment sponsored the referendum right after six years of the treaty. This period was supposed to be the rehabilitation period of the wars affect on the south. The south took more than 50 persent of the oil to rehabilitate southren Sudan by SPLA. Due to the bad situation in the south and huge corruption, not many changes took place in health and education and most of the money was spent on southren sudanes army. Due to the environment wich lacks any trust, now the 6 years is running out fast and the Sudanese face a referendum one month from now. The news is not good about the south, because a lot of politicians see the sapration as the start of a new phase of war in Sudan because most of the oil in Sudan lies in the boundaries between south and north. And these boundaries have not been defined yet, so the Sudanese are worried about witnessing another endless war. The situation is very tense and everybody is expecting the worst, but there is hope that the referendum will lead to unity. And if that occurs, it will be the true liberation of Sudan and a promising future. We pray for our children to be raised in a united Sudan without bloodshed.
thakns for reading:-)
For that reason, I love fruits such as pears, persimmons, and the like but I rearly eat these.
I'm studying English with a textbook titled 'Common mistekes at IELTS Advanced'.
If the AAMC is going to enter the Philippines 'education and training market, it could be difficult to prepare these enviroment in order to offer their services to custermers, much like Ausralia.
It is essential to collect as many customers as possble to make a business succed by keeping prices low and hiring local employees.
This is my first dariy on this website and also the first day of 2009!
I hope I have the patience and perseversance to keep on writting my diary in
Finally, pls please feel welcome to correct my mistakes, and thanks a lot for reading my long passage.
becouse I overdid it
Because I had to finish my intership.
Cuould you give me some tips about teaching myself to play the drums?
So foreigne people cannot understand what Japanese people think about.
But I was able to study although being preasure.
This month I have to do night-shift on Mondays and Wendsday
Baisically I work from 15: 30 to 9: 00 the next morning.
Last Friday and last Saturday, I went to bed but I couldn't sleep untill 5: 30 in the morning..
It's so unhelthy.
Unfortunately a lot of peaople forget about family atmosphere.
By the way, I registerd for facebook yesterday!
I'm stydy English, but I'm a beginner.
Good things happend
I kapt calling and calling, trying different country code but just didn't work. (Murphy didn't give me, so I searched for his company on the website.) As I was confused and considering what to do next, Mr.
The first route from Taipei sould be JAL instead of AA.
Psychologically watches can be replaced by 'the guy of your dreem'.
Is this sentence gramatically correct?
I 've got to fight this evil falb.
Tommorow is!!
This is my third visit to Beijin, and I feel that it has developed rapidly!!
Most of Chinese people start to learn English when they are still chirldren including me.
I hope nothing else bad happens, and that my friend is going to be ok.
When I got off the train to transfer at a certain station, I rearched into my pocket to check the time on my phone.
That's my favorite bevarage when I went to resturant or picnic.
My head is whinning.
I think I had better not drink anymo
If I they speak English, I can go to tojapanese people and buy food or go to Europe and see the difference of how Japanese peoples 'world view and thinking.
and when I hang out somewhere, I wish I icontributed something.
There are very few changces to practice.
So ashame!
I have learnd English for 5 years.
Acutually, I'm afraid of making mistakes.
I'm studing English because I want to change my career.
I'd like to know what does everybody else think about this suddly change?
My teacher is from the Philipian.
I've been very tired and sleepy lately, besause I've had a lot of homework to do.
And my frineds suggested to watch ``Saw``.
She is very kand to everyone.
I also walk around the park every evening. In addition to that, I walk as fast as I can, which means I always try to walk as often as possible insted of using a car or bicycle.
Second, I make sure that I eat alot of vegitables at each meal.
I also eat a salad, potato, or different fresh vegitables with lunch and dinner.
Finarry, I always try to ease myself of any stress that I feel.
But feeling too much stress can be dengerous, and what more, it can cause desease.
Listening to music, chatting with friends and singing songs are ways that I can quicqly and effectively release the stress that I have inside.
In conclution, joggingevery day, eating healthy food and elimitation stress can help me maintain my good health.
When I was a child, my mom had sent me to a swimming class once, but I quitted when I learned it in the helfway.
It can make your body more healther, maybe works on your immune system, so you won't get sick so easily.
But in my country, students don't really focuse on sports, even parents and teachers do not like to force children to take part in any sports games.
``Our university is really colsured!!!`` This news spread very quickly.
I'm supposed to work there and I don't even know how to cook or clean because everything I've wanted has been gioven to me from a very early period.
Thanke you from the mountain.
His sister was well kown as a slut among us.
But they're alraedy engaged OMG.
Kiyota: Oh raelly?
Even Kiyota had not expected that she said such a preety rude thing in front of her boyfriend and her older brother's friend.
But sadly making a close friend and a girlfriend is quite difficult in foreign countries because of the language barrer.
However this kind of dishonest women can easily get conversation partoners by using their bodies.
Every Japanese woman in foreign coutries has possiblity of being a dishonest woman to study English and settle down there.
I play games in my speas time.
We just do congraturate each other with comments or very small presents.
It was my frist time in 2 years, so I was a little bit nervous to play.
Later somobody assassinated Eliabeth in Swiss.
Soooo nurvous
The temparature was 21 degrees.
Now, I work in sales department which is in chage of overseas makert.
I saw the Chin gay parade on 12 th of Febrauary during the Chinese new year.
I'd been insiting that I wanted to work in Tokyo though it seemed likethere was a slight chance I actually would.
Of course it's definately the busiest city in Japan and acutually one of the busiest cities in the whole world!
I think I will miss the grocery store I've been going to, the hair salom where staff is really nice to me, and the karaoke box I've always been going with my friends.
To remember new vocabraly, I would like to read books!
On the other hand, the younger brother was facinated by the circus.
The sentece below is what I will talk about in a interview for a job.
and had a lot of chances to talk with foreign people such as Iraqe people, Iran peope, etc.
This is one of the biggiest shopping centers in Australia.
After working there, I moved to Canverra, the capital of Australia.
When I worked there, I found out that Australians like Estern food.
Sushi is originally Japanese food, but amuzingly Korean tend to be like Japanese.
Please correct my sentece.
I bought a fasion magazin recently, and I found a remarkable article.
People are always wonderring whether the country or the city is the ideal place to live.
The foremost reason for dwelling in the countryside is the soothing and confortable life provided by the pastoral view.
Those who have enjoyed the first cock crow in the morning, the twettering of birds in the trees and the breathtaking sight of the rising sun would go into rapture at only the mere mention of the idyllic life.
Relaxed and suburban dwellwers are able to hold a more positive attitude for life and achieve more accomplishments.
Another subtle explanation rests on the fact that country habitants are fortunate enough to enjoy the cozy and pleasant amience of the family without exhausting their social life.
On the contrary, it would be far more difficutlt to acquire such pleasure for those urbanites.
Naturally, it is possibly too reckless to assert that nothing beneficial comes from city life since several accompanying merits aslo come along with it.
Flights don't movied by one person's contribution.
Not only did I see thier collaboration, but I also saw the back side of their jobs.
Especially the cabin crew Echco (Haruka Ayase). They were so funny.
He looed at his feet; there were tiny animals.
He was scared, he ran along the innor way.
I like to drow art!
Of course, I know that it is regarded as taboo to talk about religion with strangers like this daialy.
All in all, Going abroad for study brings us a plently of wealth indeed.
Japanese weman are strong.
I'm not an athleat.
I made a proxy server for Chainese people.
Farthermore, some adults are there too.
But it was a sucsess.
Oska was famous as the most polluted town, but this city has been changing recent years.
For instance, disposal of food oill and garvage.
It's near the***** station, acroos McDonald's, next to the**** rent-a-car office.
My Frend's Birthday Party
I would like to opint out discrimination against women in broadcasting, which has enormous effects on people's way of thinking.
In Confucious cultures, as well as in many Western cultures, the left side is considered inferior to the right.
IU intended to temt Evian.
Now it's time to prepare for my studies, because next term I have a lot of ability tests to pass, like Japannes ability test 1.
I have already made a plan for myself and I believe that I have the courage to make it come ture.
and I have a curiosity to meet people throgh skype
today I went to a korea restaurant where there is really delicious seafood
Recentry I was emotional unstable.
I want to have a storong mind.
I have a bad feeing about last night's dream. It `s sort of sad, eventhough I don` t know why?
It was a jouranl about my memory of childhood (/ my childhood memory about my persimmon tree.) Bye ~ ~ Really bye!
Kan made economic activities worse in Japan because of his inconsistent policy regarding an economic growth strategy and an enegy policy.
I was supposed to only drink little bit, but of course I drank a lot, untill 4am.
I didin't have that much money inside the wallet, so I don't care about the money so much, but I had put some cards in it.
That's dengerous.
After that, an ALT teacher told me that the former sentece was not wrong.
Last weekend, I went to a playgroud and filmed the children.
He was a Rusian Blue who had beatiful gray hair and blue eyes.
Befor I met him, I was not interested in living with any animals.
I met with my proffecer
This morning I went to Tokyo University and I met with my proffecer.
resemble: The behavior of her son resembled his grandfather.
deceive: You cannot decive me because I saw you walking in the station with your dog.
doubt: I doubt that, meybe she forgot about the promise we made.
Hello:))) My name is Nastua. I am a student of L 'viv State Colleg of Light Industry.:))) I am 16 years old!!
My future proffesions is clothing designer.:)) I like my future proffesions.
People whant to know English because it is a very important languge.:))
THANK you whery mutch.:))
Houser chores are terrible, and taking classes is troublesome for me.
One resason is that there are not only books but also newspapaers and magazines.
I think that voluoteer does not always make the poor people who are the recipients happy.
I was going to a job interviw for an internet job that I got on the on web.
first, it is far farway.
If possibe would you correct any of my incorrect English?
Two weeks ago our attention was drawn to a LEGO evnet in Taipei.
my wife took part in the evnet and filled out the form.
I shot a video my son's happies face.
I click ``Save Draft`` and I can see a dot cicling, but sometimes it never stops and it can't save the draft.
It was realy wonderful so I was moved.
I need to finish my aasignment or else it'll ruin my holiday!
I was reary impressed with Ginkaku-gi.
I want to visit Kyoto agein.
I am going to Tokyo Dinsney Resort today.
A collision lets you konw what issue makes him or her feel upset.
Its title is English Grammr in Use.
The book is basically mede of short stories like a diary.
The main character is the author in his adolescence or youth, and the suppoting characters are his family and neiborhoods.
The docotor told me the ways on how to treat.
I hope the docotor can treat my teeth well this saturday.
When I arrived at Osaka, it was rainning heavily.
It seem very hard to servive in this world without paying money.
Actually I am going to take the TOEFL test and am therefore preparing for my further studing in the USA.
And I am really looking foeward to the day that I get the results and the letter of admission to a good school.
Her son is also the same age as us, but we haven't had a chane to get along with him.
I was trying to talk to her, but she seemd to refuse answering me.
I am so embarrased.
I just rode on a bycles and had a dangerous experience.
Somtimes I think of you.
-Familiy, close friends and living healty.
I learned the cultural deferences and how useful English is.
But, every year, by the end of summer, I always feel a bit lonly:-(lol
I'm already a univercity sophomore, so I have to study harder than ever (-``-)!
I think the best way to overcome the problem is talking with many peaple who live in other countries in English.
They laught at me of that time, but I could learn.
I am shure that I will learn to play flute now.
Correct or Incorrection? Please help me..
The story semed quite silly and the characters were really steriotipical.
This past year (2007) I stumbled upon the Abridged series. It was a dramaticaly shortened vercion of Yu Gi Oh, paroding the show's sillyness and the changes of the American vercion.
Just a few others have done voices for the abriged series.
I would like to try and do the Spanish vercion of the abridged series, with the exception of asking my friends to do some of characters.
One funny thing about this whole thing is that I always have a hard time trying to pronunce ABRIGED (the meaning of which I did not know before). Its really anoying.
It's so pitful.
It was difficult for me to remenber the children's name's.
Weather forcast give you some information on maple leaves everyday.
From more than a thousand years ago, Japanese peolple have
First, I ate some noodles and a polk rice with friends.
``We will execute plans to disetablish atomic energy plants.`` But he did not tell a specific plan.
I just want to read English articals just like reading Chinese.
We can see a foreseable future that the resolution of LCD or TV's will be progressing with technology's advancement--maybe far beyond human eyesight.
I watched a debate comepetion tonigh, One of my best friends jioned it, and his team won the competition, I am very happy.......
So, I'm always very carefull when speaking in english.
Is it as bad as the expression of rasing the middle finger??
The toilet, lestaurant, and all the other places were very busy.
I get mad whenever it occurres and I worry about the malfunction.
I went to Tsukiji yesturday.
Probably, the dream warnned me that I should better take my license out of my bag which I usually don't bring during weekend.
Happy birhday to me.
I drank many beer, and I became dranker.
Yesterday, I went to a night club in sibuya that plays hiphop n RnB:>
I want there to be a soft bed behand me so I can go to bed and relax.
I am used to making coffee every day at 3: 00P. M., but when I opened the ice-box, there was no milk insinde.
Suddenly, I had an idear.
I some goingko (goingko?) powder.
``Oh, It's not bad, but it seems strage....`` then, I make the same for myself.
So, I made a plan that I aime to keep to 1000cal (? Bad idea) per day.
I'll experience them, and decide what I sould doin the future.
Of course, some of us have happy memories and others have sad memories. I iam one of the ones who has sad memories.
Although I was very sad, I did not cry, because at first I could not process that mother had died and that I wasn't going to see her face again. The people who came to console me were very puzzeled by my reaction, but they understood it.
I couldn't waite to be alone with her.
Being a little sleepy when times carry you the day after today, smelling a cup of coffee, imagining the thing that you want to write, thinking about your sentences 'sensibility and sensivity also properity? in gramatic structures...
And when I am not able to write what I have imagined, I feel dissapointed.
That is somethinng like having the same feelings as a director of a movie.
However, I want everyone to see the movie in my head while I am desingning it but It isn't possible.
After maybe a hundered times I am again crumpling a piece of paper.
English has plenty of vocabralies (include slung) than Japanese.
I should have very strong willness to improve my English and keep my memories of life in the U.
I live neary Yokohama.
And trying to be as naturl as children can enable us to receive as much as they do.
educatinal oppotunity are available to more people too.
So it looks like the life of human beings is definitly better and better,
as we own the latest tecnological gadgets in the house, and live with educated people in an intelligent society.
I hvae to study here harder and harder day by day.
I think that practicing a languadge for 15 minutes everyday is enough.
I was driving a car near my house which is in a residencial area.
Then bihind me, another car tried to pass my car several times.
He was probably in a hurry, but of caurse passing is prohibited in the area because of the nearby school.
But I was a Japanes business man as well.
Chloe desperately asked father, but he kept laughing for aound 10 minutes.
We are going somewhere for the fisrt time.
On the other hand, when we return from somewhere, we tend to feel it's not so far away comepared with the first time.
I taught English to my junior high shcool studnet and I found this in the dictionary.
Of cource I know the meaning of the word 'walk'
I'm suprised by her English skills.
Beause I need you, I just need you.
I foud that we Chinese students couldn't understand our European teacther very well.
Our social envirenment has influenced us so much.
I pepared for this test a long time, but still lack confidence.
So, I guess the test is like a door in my way, if I don't pass it, nothing will change or hanppend.
I think I can do it, I belive I can do it, but success is not only composed by just believing.
Some people have gotten married already; others have bought their ouw house or car.
We are living a diffrent life style.
But the good thing ist that I will see all of my relatives which I normally don't get to see.
For people in Touhoku, which is loceted in northern Japan, the situation is much more serious.
I like sushi, which is a Japanese tradisional dish.
It is delicious and interesting because you can choose various types of sushi whiich you like.
Except the learning aspect of the internet, I can't forget about funnier ones, such as Manga, Anime, drama, films, books, songs, and a lot more. These things not only help me learn the language in certain situations, but it also gives me a lot pof pleasure, SO THANK YOU INTERNET xD
That is why I write [in my] diary when I expelienced intersting things or have quetions.
I think I have to get to bed rigth away ~
I learned hangle today by myself.
It was very easy lol I leanred most of them in a day.
This airport was equipted with WI-FI and I had a new smartphone.
That means it is necessary for me to learn a new language, Dutsh, because it is required.
I want to say hello to ererybody. but, suddendly, I found I don't know how to say it.
maybe I'm ritht. maybe you have another better way to say hello.
see yoo
We can work with an enthsiasm or tried mind.
I went to a hair salon with my friend after shcool.
depature date: ddmmyy
As a reasult
As a reasult, I was asked to pay 250 dollars for the Internet fee.
I got the reasult this dinner.
Some really want to change their aggresive personality or bad atitute.
There are exceptions, of coure, but those are few.
Recently anime costume parades are very popular especially among geeks and foreing people; P
Several years ago, on Halloween day, many foreing people with costumes got together on the Osaka loop line and stayed there many hours!
It was so fun!! but it bacame a problem and was banned for next year:(
There were many Thiland food stalls and, someone who was from Thailand was singing her country's song.
I ate kaomangai (rice with boild chikin), tomyamkun (spicy red seafood soup), and pattai (noudle without soup).
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the certer of the city which is surrounded by a park.
There is a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses: banks, bars, chemists, cinemas, pet shops, restaurants, fast food restaurants, grocers, travel agencies, supermarkets and others.
Consequently, I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness, really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside.
The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake.
Luckily, the scouls are closed for ten weeks, so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Leaving my country, Soamlia, was very hard for me.
But when I was there, I began to make new friends that I never thougth I would have, and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them eather. At the beginning, I felt very strange talking with them, but now we are very good friends.
We went to to Acapulco to play, to an event where unuversities from Mexico go and present cultural activities.
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there. That was an incledible experience that I will never forget.
Using public transport can be difficult, because we have a strict time and, normally, we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable.
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive, but public transport tickets are also increasing, so that advantange is not so good, actually.
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and cientifics.
But we shouldn't forget the pollution cause by cars. We should use a bicycle or public transportetion more.
If we are working with sameone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour, we can go to work in the same car. This way we use less petrol.
The governents are also important for taking care of the environment.
In total, there were 32 pelople, a white kittie and a dog.
That night, the dog, the kittie, Tom and Michel slept in the same room, and that wasn't too bad.
When Michael got up in the morning, he realized that his kittie had disapeared, and he found Tom's dog with some white hair in his mouth.
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night, so he shouted at Tom, opened the door and went away.
For those people who want to start to do the street workout, I advise you to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups, push ups, dips and squats.
Edison is said to have created the first comercially practical incandescent light.
Edison and his research team made his discovery comercialy and create a company called "Edison Electric Light Company".
In my bedroom there is a brown bed, a yellow chest of drowers, a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe.
The environment is our surroundings. There is no aleartness in our locality. They are busy with their own work. No one focuses on or sees what is hapening in our town. They usually speak about how hot it is today, but they don't know what makes it this hot. I am interested in planting trees and making our sorrounding clean. Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless. Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free.
Managemant acountant practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources, sales, marketing and potential customers.
To take care of the environment, each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country. About my village, we use banana leaves instead of nilon, dispose of garbage sensibly... and so on.
Are you studing mathemathics for your exam?
I'm a happy, energtic person who likes to work with children.
In my country peole make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish. They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places. The governement also cannot do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour.
The thing that he (the monster) didn't know about was that he had a spectacular infection (literally spectacular) that I think had no cure. It was called "The Monsteration Infectations".
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infectations, but they still don't have it.
I have neded to use English a lot of times during my professional activities. For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago.
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I'm listening and when I'm reading, but my main problem with English is, of course, when I have to speak. I fee terrible and without confidence. I think that I'm always thinking in Epanish and then doing the translation into English. Maybe at this moment, while I'm writing this composition, I'm making the same mistake. I know that learning English is a long process, but I must follow that process because I'd like to be an excellent bilingual person.
Currently, I'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my gol.
I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons.
I'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without traduction from Espanish (I hope hahaha)
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills.
Thank you for your attention, and I'll wait for your advaice, (this is my first time writing over 50 words)
Nowadays a person's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions. This mostly happens in high class famiies, as they foccus on achievements like power, political influence etc. On the other hand, for middle class families the old-fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty, kindness, loyalty, etc.
Public transport has no future. The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices, The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give incentives for consumers.
I know that I have not wraithen it but I have a brother.
I like to speak English at school too, but my friends don't like it when I speak it in school, so I speak Swedish ther.
My fewrit lechon are the Swedish lections because I like to write stories.
My family livs in a
How are you? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station.
If I am right, continou reading this.
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help, because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works.
What was mny job?
See you arrond
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I'm going to celebrate at home, with my familiy anda some friends.
This summer was the best. I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends. Their names are: Emilia, Agustina, Micaela anda Luca.
I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and if I go to another country it is very inportan to know English.
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing. I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym, where I met hansome guys.
You see, man, I don't like crowded roads, a nd prefere to travel by tram.
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished, but the construc of seaports and airports must with congenital condition.
I rather enjoy spinning, feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder. This gives me high energy each time I go spinning.
To conclure, in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car.
First, the bank notes are considerated how to design, including background colour, artwork and security issues.
Then, they are prepared by skiled machinists.
If the sheets are good, those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatach all over the city.
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits. It is more comfartable and less expensive.
Yoga calms und vitalizes body and mind.
And government, pls don't be so flabby with your own citizen.
For begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms.
May Maybe they are comfortable, terrible,, dangerous or avrage.
Cars and buses become dengerous and cause problems in the street.
She turned her haid and saw him. "He was following me", she thought. "Well, I should ask him what he is doing here".
First of all, finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the begnin of a new chapter for students.
When you are travelling around the world by yourself, you gain a lot of knowledge, culture, discorves and, with all of this, you gain personal experencie.
The job provides, like the trip, responsibility and experencie.
The consequences aren't good as the reasons, for instance, they may have the career prejudicate, or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a uniersity.
Besides that, they have different points of view on many sublects, that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students.
They cannot enjoy this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts.
It is a big dedcision, that brings great consequences and great experencies.
AAs an example, if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark, they can't go to do a sport because there is no time.
They would consider you as an indpendent person.
Accrodingly, you would take responsibitity for what you did.
I am ovewholemed with grief, living with them.
Eating habits in my country have really changeged in the last ten years.
it's r isn't clear complety, but I sopuse it depends on chenging life habits in the development process of our sosiety.
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calery and healthy food, because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days.
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do. After thinking, he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor's clinic was far away from her house. Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother's house in the next street. After he arrived, he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street. He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car. "Never mind" she said and got in the car beside him.
However, travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine. Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car, but you can never know what might happen with your car, where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accedient might happen.
Travell plans need to depend on public transport timetables.
Besides, Hong Kong also has many country parks for hikking.
Tom is sutding in London.
Alrough Canada is an English-speaking country, in Montreal, the offical language is Freach.
So I do not have the opptunity to practise English, because most of my colleagues speak French.
I was inspired by a true ledgend. His name is Edan Hazard.
That fact behind sense because the maintainance of public transport is not the responsiblity of the traveler.
If we want to count function of public transport because it's not enough words to say. But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villeges.
I'm sure you'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the captial of Russia.
I remember two contrats moments. One day, we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain; they chose me.
The reasons for stress are more diverse; perhaps because we have an exam period, family proplems or because we think in a negative way, or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort, and lots of reasons to stress...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves, because it's very harmful. For example, you can read a book, do sport, play music, eat delicious food, remmeber all the positive things that have happened to you, talk with someone who you trust, get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring, go out and eat a meal with your best friends, and there are a lot of things you can do...
Remmeber that stress is not a lasting thing, and you can avoid it.
In other words, both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from getting into the market.
Many people believe that nowdays there is no future for public transport, because travelling by car is so much more convenient, but others continue with the tought that they do help, for example, with travelling long distances.
The ticket doesn't cost too mutch and it is avaible for the majority of people, at least compared to buying a car.
Secondly, public transport is more eficent for travelling long distance than cars and people wouldn't have to purchase fuel.
When people need to tavel to other continents or far away, they may need a plane, wicth is a form of public transport, to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms.
However, a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in, and sometimes public transport vehicles aren't left in the best way.
In addiion, you have to share with people you absolutely don't know and probably won't see again.
But, by obseving all these people, you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics.
That was my first time on holiday in another country that wasn't nourth Italy.
We fisited a lot of monuments, museums and churces, like the Louvre with the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci.
It depends on five main steps, which include desigh, preparation of metal plates, printing, inspection, packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad.
Secondly, we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinsts.
If it's good, they go to packing and distribution, whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well.
In conclusin, the whole process is an unreversed schedule.
It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machinic.
To begin with is design, we have to consider backgroud colour, artwork, and security issues, and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates, using skilled machinists.
Secondly, printing-- including sheets of bank notes, are printed (50 bank notes per sheet). There are some requestion-- colour on both sides, special ink, slightly raised images.
Finally, if it is a good sheet, the porcedure is packaging and distribution, including cutting into separate bank notes, packing, dispatching.
If it is a bad sheet, the porcedure is disposal-- bad sheets and bank notes should be securely destroyed.
And then he realised it was an enourmous lion.
But suddenly he heard a noise, it was his mum. "Max where are you?" she screamed. The lion dissapear in one second, running.
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room. "What an mazing day!",
The most diffucalt area in English I have trouble with is writing.
I have no problems with reading, speaking or lesining.
As part of my plan to improve my English skils, I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing.
Trieste is a little town situated in the nord-east of Italy.
So the ambiental impact is very attractive.
Another problem is that the citizens of Trieste don't pay attention to the ambiental problems of their city.
I think it is important that, not only in the family, but also in school, we could raise a new generaion sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth.
I usually go two days a veek but henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter a local competition.
It turned out that that young boy had a good head for fishing and now they always go fisihng together.
I like running, riding my bike, playng football, skiing in winter, climbing, etc.
I like football because it is a sport that I have practiced since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport.
The amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time as the number of humans is increasing.
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to encreasing consumption of energy, water and other resources.
Nowadays, our local governmet is making some desisions to improve the situation.
There are a lot of citizens movement except oficial activities.
People orginise common action for cleaning areas near houses.
These activities take place especially in spring and in outumn.
Everyone is circious about making bank notes.
The bank notes are designed carefully. Workers need to design their background coler and artwork.
Then, the notes will be prepared on metal plates. After that, printing. The notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images.
Good ones will be packaged and distributed. workers wll cut them and deal with them carefully.
The rest of them will be disposaled of.
I think that Cdiz is the perfect place to meet, because Cdiz has coast, sea, and mountais.
In Cdiz, in summer, there are a lot of oportunitis to work.
I hope I will get my order and I hope you eill be more on time for the customer order shipping.
These people can influence our lives. For example, if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your life. So, your education depends on the people around you.
In general, people have the possobility to study in libraries or using computers.
Personally, I think studying on a computer is a better chooise.
We need to do something to sabe the world!
I think they are our first friends and our first confidents.
Thionk about a family's routine.
The Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test of our health.
And I think that it's not technology that will change, but the people and their caracteres.
Unfortunaly, for this generation, there won't be real relationships, all relationships will become virtual relationships.
According to my experience, if we don't exagerate the way we use technologie like the internet, phone, satellite.
For example, now high-heeld shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women don't look good in them.
Transportation is one of the most essential parts of our day to day life; whether it is puplic or private, transport takes the same priority in each person's life from the very early days.
In the age before industrialisation came into exsitance, people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another.
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convinient.
Continuing my visit to London, I will visit the largest park in London, Hyde Park, which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the perservation of the park.
follow in London I'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben, which is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour, where I will take pictures.
Later, I'll take the London Underground, which is a public fast transit system. I'll trawiling on it.
My favorite band is "cbjr"; it's a brazillian band. The type of music is rock and rap. Their music is very easy to single.
I usually play it with my frindes.
We won 1st place and got the cup. If anyone intends to play this game, he should practise hard to be able to play it proffesionaly.
To sum up, I thonk it is enevitable.
He loved Rose with his entire soul, a soul that he was losting.
Suddely, he took the agreement and signed the piece of paper with his blood.
Do you know a new recet for cooking chicken?
Our town takes care of the enviremont of our neighbourhood very seriously.
Not only the supermartket has these containers. They are also in the schools of the neighbourhood.
In my opinion, this gives a good example of the involness of the local government.
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three things: sovenirs, fashion and food.
Fortunately, visitors will find all of that in the Tourist Information Ofiice and in shops on the outskirts.
So, he is hard-working. He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problemns.
However, a few years ago, the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country. For example, they did a lot of advertising on televion, in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world.
In the castle there is the Holy Trinty Chapel.
The famous dishe of this restaurant is a huge hamburger.
So, train is an intermidiate way to tarvel.
I am writing to aplaay for the job in the USA published in an advertisement last Monday.
Additionally, because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities, private cars are more attractive for most poeple.
Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient than by public transport, but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations.
But public transport has a future for a lot of reassons. First, time. If the place you want to reach is really far, the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car. Also, the complications about the field, like if you want to go from America to Europe, there is no highway that crosses the ocean. You need an airplane and, unless you have one, you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car. A different reasson is politics, because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska, you will not need to pass through Canada. Comfort is a really important reasson, because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe. Economics is a factor too, because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do. It will be more expensive than on public transport.
In conclusion, for me, it is a lie that public transport has no future. However, they have to make improvements to this, like the use of better types of fuel or energy. One way is using renovable sources of energy, such as solar, haeolic (wind) or hydraulic(water),Also, there are biodisel and gasoline extracted from seaweed.
Dear Anne, Thank for your letter asking about my fmily and my friends.
When somedoby gets home, he wants only to relax in front of the television.
Besides this, TV companies have understood sports provide this relaxess moment, mainly for men.
In this view, I think that though there are lots of sports on Televison, there are not too many, because people have looke for it.
When the day came, we performed an amazing coreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals.
This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands, something close to an emocional statement.
My techer said that public transport has no future in our society, because travelling by car is so much more convenient. Nevertheless, I disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less.
Without travelling, people would be very bored, life would be very monotunes.
Nowdays people use cars a lot.
In the past, it wasn't like that. People did not have cars. They just relied on puplic transport.
There are a few people who use puplic transport, like students and people who have a low income. In my veiw, I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
He has been done several laws again Spanish citiziens.
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago. This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I don't want to be weak. I wouldn't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule: the strong dominate the weak. When I step foot in the gym, I forget everything: shcool, home.... Therefore, I enjoy it.
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle, the stongest beat the weakest.
What are the critria of this ranking? and...
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and recover from diseases, but they have another hidden effect.
Therefore, The afformentioned information above shows that our future could be worse than our present.
We should live in a stabele and peaceful world.
Nowadays, people use their cars to travel for work, for holidays...... but if the petroleo were cheaper, they could travel a lot.
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists, they take sheets of bank notes. There are three requirements fot this: colour on both sides, special ink and images that are slighty raised.
It smelld terrific, and teasted so good.
It was panncakes and egg with bacon.
After that I polyeder with my brothers out in the garden.
They usaly don't want to be with me, but today we played all day long.
It was such fun and I couldn't stopp smilling.
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for his attitude.
It will not be tredy because everybody will have his own car.
There are advantages and disadvantages; television can also cause a dipendence, cartoons and "stupid" programs can harm young people most.
Today, there are many children that have a dipendence on television, they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children's TV programs, while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends.
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution. Therefore, I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind.
In order to help reduce pollution, I take acction using the three "Rs": reduce, reuse and recycle, so I am more and more eco-friendly.
I reduce the use of innecesary power at home. In other words, I turn on a light that I need while I use it; I take cooler showers; I heat only the neccesary rooms.
In order to reuse, I convert all things reusable, for example, a plastic bottle as a plant pot; a glass bottle as a food container. I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salemen offers me one.
A car is less expensive, more confortable, faster and safer.
For example, travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plane is faser.
On the other hand, it helps to reduce the polution made by cars,..
The picture illustrate the progrocess of making notes.
Then, preparation of the metal plates and skilled machinists are needments.
If the printed sheets are good quality, they will be packed and distributed. Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packede or dispatched. The bad sheets will be disposed on. The destruction will be secure.
So it is not always a good thing, unless they are open-minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentil way that won't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes.
I felt that I could lose consciousness. That's why I removed the braclet.
I am glaed to hear frome you.
I am 24 years old. I am frome Lviv Ukraine.
My hobbies are footbal and gym.
I am stydying envaermantal science.
Now, to answer your question, I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town, but there is one place taht is special to me: 'A Fervenza do Pedregal'. '
It is a veri quiet place. Because of its location, in the middle of the forest, only a few people know how to get there.
It is an invledible forest, the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim. It is the perfect place to have a quiet day.
That is all I can tell you about this place. I hope tath my answer will help you with your project.
What is your last neame?
I say to people that want to tay this sport that it 's easy if you love it.
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems. For example, you could have problems with your hands, in your neek and in your legs.
Emily knew she would have to come to a decisin soon.
The problema for Emily was that her boyfriend was as cold as the weather.
She thought he was so boring, but she didn't want to be alone. she didn't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone.
The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays.
The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate rubbish from my town.
Combating the distriction of the enviornment, this is a serious problem throughout the world.
Nowadays, many trees and grassland areas are damaged in many countries, lots of building are constricated.
And people should pay attention to this problem and try to slove it.
For instance, people need too many places to build the modern society, so they cut down lots of trees, burnning many grassland areas.
Another factor is that the animals do not control themmselves and eat the plants leading to the distriction of the ecosystem.
Althought this change makes the life of people efficient, the problem should not be ignored.
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions. In today's world, there are lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission, they are destroying the forest, farmland and wetland, discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas. It leads to a serious enviorment problem.
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work, as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter.
The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars, reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt.
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life. One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it's a means of tamming the mind and the body.
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me, and to be alert as well. Also, it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well. People who want to start doing karate have to be patient.
They should emerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active. for instance, it's adviced to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly.
My favorite sports are football, baskeball, Formula One and Tennis.
For example, in our country, "Shinkansen" which measns burrett train, is famous and very fast.
"Blue train", which has many beds on the train and we can sleep comfortabully on the train.
Second, travelling by train is safe and reasonable conpared to planes.
TTravelling by train is cheep and getting a chicket is easy for us in our country.
And terolism is scarce also.
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist last month.
What did you do yestreday?
I'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a domitory at Ton Duc Thang university.
When I am running, all the preesure I felt is gone.
We have Eather first, then people, than our house.
Eather is our home, we all have to protect it.
But now people are distroy it.
Just for mony for more houses, but if we destroy it, we will all die. Our money will be gone, our house will be gone, we will have nothing.
Besides, some people destroy farland to build houses, but if one day there is no farmland, then what should we eat? Nothing at that time. We couldn't eat anything!So what should we do?
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland, forests and wetland to build houses, grow more trees, portect our world, our home star!
The lecturer desagree with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question: Can a computer think?
First, the lecturer talks about "Saran", who proposed a challange to prove that Turing's test was not conclusive, and that he created a paradox.
He selected people to go into a Chinese room. There was a computer in the Chinese language with diferente symbols. The Americans showed diferente behavior. They did not understand what was on the computer screen.
Science, I just remember I have always liked motor racing, but one of my frevourite is Formula 1.
The Formula 1 seson starts in erly spring and ends in late autumn.
I try to watch every race every fournight and the training the day before the race.
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world, but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac as they were in the past.
If sameone likes cars, then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound. I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life.
One day, the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game, he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had belonged to generations of gods. So he started throwing that for fun. One time that he took the jewelry, it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewelry emit some sounds that only giants could hear, so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes, so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods.
I hope you enjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our contury.
England doesn't have enithing. You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe.
With reference to the recent advertisement about 'USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER', I would like to express my interest in the position in the campament.
I think I am a suitable candidate for this job, because I like children and I have experience of babaysitting. Also, I work very well at making food.
It was presented by a politician, an economist and two envirementalists.
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law, they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in their lives.
This is an interesting question becaus I beleive that my family are my best friends, but at the same time, they are not my friends.
My family are my best friends because they realy take care of me when I need them to.
I started this sport when I was 10 years old. where My father was also playing this sport, but he started it when he was older than me. He was about 30 years old. where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age. I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time. We run in a small space, moving our hands in stretched and different ways, and at the same time we work our minds, so it needs care and quik thinkink, as much any as exercise you will find down the road.
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squach, which gives a you flexible and healthy body. At the same time, this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age.
I have praticed swimming for 3 years. I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments.
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world, and I hope that he returns to the olyimpic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016.
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always pratice this style because I want to improve.
Althouth public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly, it is not as flexble or comfortable as the car.
Exept for in the big cities, public transport is not an easy way to get around the city. That means that in the future even more people will stop using it.
In the first step, the bank notes have to be desinged concidering some, like background color, artwork and security issues. After the design has been prepared, skilled machinists preparaation metal plates in the second step.
And then, some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and depatched to where they are needed.
In today's class, we were discussing wheather or not we agree with the often enourmous salaries of fooball players.
For me, as a passionated soccer player, it is a good point to consider.
I recommand to the clubs, be warned.
By this aciton a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league, like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment.
This makes football or soccer ever more equisite to a certain group of fans-hooligans.
But if the prices are too high, no onw will visit the games anymore.
First, I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food. In fact, on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi.
One day, Michael wanted to go out, so he called his best friend and suggested going out togther. His friend agreed, so Michael put on his clothes, wnet out and closed the door, but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake.
When he got back home, it was late and the metting was canceled.
I know that I am a suitable person for this job, and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job, because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience, I have seen the necesity of work to finance my journey, so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps, and I have a lot of experience of this.
So, in conclusion, I think that if you contract me, you will get an axcellent person and an excellent worker.
In my opinion, public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car, because a car is faster than public transport.
Online Lerning
Positiv things about online lernign are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you don't have to carry so much paper with you. Also, you're on your own and at your own lerning speed, which makes it more spesific to the user themself. Maybe you're more confortable on your Smartphone than with paper.
Negaticvs about online lerning are that you're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer. If pyou don't have any listening things in the app you don't lern how to pronounce the words. In my personal opinion, its better to lern from a teacher not only because you lern to pronounce the words correctly, but you also lern from a person, which is, in my opinion, way better. I think we spend enougth time on smartphones, so I don't think it's the best if we use them to lern as well.
For words, I think it's perfect, but all the grammer and talking, I think you need a teacher.
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch, for example, sfter school.
Recently, there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building houses, which accour for some debation.
Apparently, it is a good thing, because it is a significient symbol of the development of a country; however, on the other hand, doing large-scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probems.
In a word, the government should appeal to people in some way, that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit.
It happened to me once and was very unconfortably.
Another very commom risk is falling on the court, which can cause dangerous scratches.
It is very nice that you remembe me.
All this started in Juli.
I needed money which I could spedn during my study semestr.
I konw that you are like me.
Best wishes your broo Bartek!
In later times, society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes, the building was abandoned because the government and country didn't have money for construction, to the point that the building's metal estructure was used for weapons.
They even asked me who I wanted to go with. They grabbed my hands, wanded me to go with themself, but I had no idea, because I love my mother and my father so much.
Finally, I cried, because I couldn't make a choice. My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going, and they saied sorry to each other and me.
Nowadays, I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekens.
"So many friends learend to swim.
Then, the metal plates are preparated by skilled machinists.
The next is called partially damaged shees, and bank notes are separaed into good and bad. Good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire.
This is the method of making bank notes, and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them.
The most important step is the inspectation by hand. That is to say, they should be separated into good ones, which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks, and the bad ones, which can't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage.
Actually, I realize that busynes is not for the major, everybody knows Tec is very demanandant and if you want to be there, you must work hard.
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I'm older. First, I want to work for a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works.
Tennis. Tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play, but it's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it. First, why did I choose tennis? Seriously, in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play. I think he is the one that made me love this sport, due to his professional movement when playing the ball. From that time, I was interested in this game and watching all the championships, so more time, time and time it is my favoirite sport.
Aisha is in her therties.
She's from Marocco, so she has Arabian features. For example, she isn't very tall, around 1,57 metres, she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive eyes.
Moreover, it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which are convenient for the majority.
First my favorite sport is futboll and I like it for many reasons. For example, while you are watching a match, you feel excited and entretaining. Besides that, football has the best fotboll player ever, which is Leo Mesy. He's the best and he's able to do awesome stuff when he's playing.
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects the garbage, already separated by the families, and afterwards does the recicling.
As well as the informative sessions about the enviorenment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents, it also has lots of staff that clean the streets, take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage.
My favourit sport is football. I love it so much. When I was young, I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona. I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that, and after that, we played on a football pitch like in real football. I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much. He is the best player in the world. A few people have told me that Messi is the best player, but I feel angry when I hear that, because that is not true. So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day. It's like a dream for me.
last night we went to the swimming pool. It was a little bit cold, but we liked it so we went to the pool and srated swimming. I know how to swim very well, but she doesn't, she has to have a support otherwise she can't swim.
If you want to visit me, you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament, and I must participiate.
To answer your question, I cannot attend the party beacuse I do not like theese kinds of parties, but I wish you good luck! Almos
Indeed, all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change, at least in the coming decades.
The way of livng changes every day: if we think about our grandparents ', but also about our parents' lives, we notice many differences.
Above all, they talked more. We live in the era of telecomunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer.
Moreover, also, simple things have changed. For example, the food we eat. Some time ago, everythingh was natural, healthy... but now everyone always eats "junk food" and thinghs like that, which are completely unhealthy!
About food, I imagine a future society in which restaurants won't exist. People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before, food in tins... so all unhealthy thinghs, which will cause many problems.
But phobias are fears which we experience that are life-threatening and they can distrupt everyday life, but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy.
So if we want to live a life which isn't controlled by our fears, we must try to be more objective and pay mre attention to real dangers.
Alison read the note, smiled, and immediatly put on her coat.
She went to her parents 'house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the oparation.
tube and train, but is there a future for them or not? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantanges and advantages and, finally, I will give my personal opinion.
Secondly, public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the enviromment, because it produces less polluting emissions, and many public vehicles use green energy, such as electricity or gas.
In conclusion, from my point of view, public transport is more necessary now than ever before. Cities contain more automoviles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking, and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities.
Some buses have special and preferencial seats for old people.
Many cars poluent the planet and people are allergic to the pollution.
The train doesn't cause poluition.
will be more heauthy.
I suppose their lifstile is intolerable, resteless and I really sympothise with them. The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated.
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of ptivate life and perpetual attention.
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but, through thick and thin, they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity.
In itself, the film didn't have an special topic, but I can describe it as a friends film, as there is a lot of laughts, jokes, and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists.
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest, but it is very bad and unsafe. The qualiti of it is very bad; the buses are old and obsolete, they have broken windows and old broken seats.
The service is very bad. The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with cauition. In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses.
I think if the goverment do the best work about the transport, they can save it.
It is true a car is more confortable, but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can pollute the atmosphere.
I don't think public transport does not have a future. There are a lot of people who cannot buy a car and they have to use communite transport.
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone, so we are communicating with distant friends, and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament ourselves.
First of all, I am going to talk about the adavantages and disadvantages of this topic.
The first adavantage is that the Internet is very fast. For example, when you want information about something.
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites, such as twiter, Facebook... You can speak with your quick friend, or you can meet ith them on the website. Therefore, you do not call them on the telephone, because the internet is very cheap.
As for disadvantanges, at present, children are aways playing with their computer games and mobile phones.
To sum up, the Internet is the most important advance in the world, but there are a lot disadavantages and advantages.
From my point of view, the Internet is useful for everyone, but we should not abuse it, and should carring out other activities.
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an ILETs score of 6.5 for the visa.
In particular, some people don't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves, so public transport helpeing them a lot.
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possble in the future.
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player, but you will feel like a famuos one.
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialty in animals with the same condition.
We bocome not only older, but also wiser. We learn, but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and, for sure, to make mistakes. But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future.
Becsuse it is turening red!
As you know, my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousint Jonh. Unfortunately, he has to do a three-month course outside of the country. Jonh needs to leave France next weekend, but it is not possible. I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there.
Nowadays, technolgy is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful.
We as humans living in these days, rely on technolgy. Every aspect of our lives is supported by technolgy.
One example is television. In the past, we used it only for watching the news and movies, but as time goes by and the technolgy develops, now television has other functions.
Second, tthese days, television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet.
In conclusion, televeision can entertain and also educate, because television programs do it in an interesting way.
Footbal is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males, but I'm a girl and sometimes I realize that I know more than some males.
I have recived your letter.
I agree with the statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer.
When I read his poem "The Adventures of Tom Soyer" I was excited.
I usually go to the seaside on Sunday moorning.
Firstly, they design the bank notes 'backgroud colour, its artwork and security issues.
Then the sheets of bank notes are printd. Printing colour on both sides and use sprcial ink and the images are slightly raised.
Finally, they find good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheeets or bad sheets.
At the same time, bad sheets and bank notes are securely destoryed.
The other reason for my opinin is that almost all people preffer using the eyes and ears to other people, rather than write and listen to understand new things.
That's why I think that it's a good momento to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity.
Deffinitly, it does not always depend on the kind of programme, but I think that nowadays, a lot of televisin ofert help for people to develop more effectively.
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suplliers. I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you about some complaints that some citizens have. This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service, and girls do not have to.
However, I just go to the restaurant on special ocassions, such as my birthday or when I pass an exam.
First of all, we should think of a design and dicide the background colour and artwork, or even security issues.
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish in diferents containers.
While I strugged to walk.
Finally, I saw a light appeare and I woke up.
We will have people that use the television as fun, most of the time; but we also have other people that use television for searchs.
For example, the chanel ''Animal Planet'' has a lot of information about animals and how they live.
Nowadays, everybody has the ability to buy a television, so the numbers of TV viwers is going up; even if you are poor or rich; most can watch a movie, or a documentary.
Also, I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is a summy day.
I can't pronunciate well.
The home was on the shore. There was a tunnel and it's hole was in the deep. At first he used to be polite and obay the other orders.
Once a day, he met a girl called Sarah. She was 9 years old. Although Michael was bigger, Sarah could control him. Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set. Once a day Sarah made a challange to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore, but Michael was afraid. He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there, but he had no choice, so he accepted the challange. Sarah told him she would go first. She took a breath... a deep one, and started to dive.
Our city is quite clean and livable; people are more careful than before.
Generally, we use a criket ground which has an oval shape.
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work, I haven't used my car or buses for a long time, because it is not healhty and costs a lot.
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less polution without cars.
I switch on the home hiting for a temporary period. When I am working from home, I use more energy to warmht my home.
We learn to really segreation waste and, in the future, how we could, for example, use the same glass a second time.
Anyway, a lot of people will need some transport in some cases, not privat, but public, and we can't say that this kind of transport willl not be useful.
As we are fully dependant on indivitual generators, these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke, oil and gas left behind, in addition to noise, of course, because they are the main source of the 18 countinous hours of noise.
People, espicially grnerator owners, have started using Canaopies, using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the polution.
Other resedential areas, using their potential to maintain the environment by planting trees, roses, have nemourse green spaces.
Also, recycling the trushes is a very inteligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines.
on the other hand, the eldest people in our city have many socity responsiblties and are encourging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens.
I like the Indian resturants in the city. In addition, the infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise.
In the village where I live, there is a lot of vegetation. For that reason, we try to protect the environment. One of the things we do is to do mantainance every week to the vagetation zone, checking if there is any garbage. To avoid this, we teach the younger generation enviromentalist actions so they don't throw cans, paper, or candies on the floor. They can also help the older people. There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation. To avoid that happening again, we have a punishment that is to pay some money. If they don't, they won't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again, unless they are visitors. In that case, we tell him or her the way we live in the village and, we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage.
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of them. For that we have a care centre and, other additional institutions. We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this. To sum up, our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us.
If you want to have fun, you can go to Parque de la Costa. There are many interesting rolercoasters.
Nowdays, in school, we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives. Some of them are really important, but some of them are just a waste of time.
When Freddy began to sing, the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear's Song. Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children, This year the stablishment closed because they found the body of a dead child.
I think it will be ghanged to become a bubile city and contin more high buildings.
If you have a car, you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus, but there are a lot of people who don't have a car, so they are used to going by bus and, for them, this way of travelling has become more conveniet, because they have done it since they were children.
She has twenty-seven maid of honor dresses. Meanwhile, she falls in love with a boy who is very handson, but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city. He is a good writer, and she unknowns that.
This story develors a mixture of themes such as courage, family values, friendship and love.
In conclusion, if you want to have a good time, you shoudl go to the cinema to see this film with your family, because it is an interesting and emotional film.
Transport polution is one of the most dangerous.
On the one hand, that quantuty of cars can't be forbidden, because it's a personal right to have one or not.
Also, another improving measure might be encreasing green areas in cities and towns.
Factories damage nearby areas and water extremaly badly.
In my opinion, firstly, new bilding on the banks must be forbidden at all.
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way. Most people around the world can see any news live. Media is more helpful for people. Television is also used as a study resource, for example for smart classes,
saddenly, an old carrying a heavy load hit him and fell down.
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk. You just need a pair of comfortable shoese!
Travelling privately makes one free of issues like harrasment.
I like a lot of activities, such as travelling, readillng, playing soccer and watching movies.
Besides, public transport will reduce traffice jams.
Finally, the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable, easier and faster way of life, but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more. Also, things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism.
Nowadays, an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of armland, forest and wetland disappearing because of some long-term human activities, for instance housing and transport networks are built, destroying the balance of the environment.
Firstly, it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people. What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more palce for living in.
And builing more transport networks is also a benifit for us, for example, the high-speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling, while the animals may not welcome it.
She was very shy, sensitive and embarressed.
She mooved to Kyiv, graduated from university, and started to work.
Althought she tried to hide, she became a great and famous model.
It would be interesting to accompain your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time.
The investigations were concentraded above all on the construction site of Mapello.
There are many educational programmes which we can get penfit from.
Nowadays, pollution is a plobelmatic that we have to solve before it gets worse.
As we can see, modernization is causing damge to rivers and seas.
While you are with me, you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country and we will become good workerds.
I was really comfortable in my bed and I couldn't belive that someone had interrupted my calm.
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again, then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shoower.
I practised danse a long time ago, but with age, I've preferred to practise an easier sport.
If I could give advice to new practisers of Pilates, it would be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher.
The lack of sleep often maks me unable to concentrate in class.
And just as I was becoming a proffesional football player, my right knee was injured.
I like that phrase because the boy was happy becaus he got to
He is, for me and many people, an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty.
Thank you very much, Joe, for thinking of me to be your witnees. I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witnees and, of course, I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding.
Tell me what kind of suit the witnees has to wear, whether I have to bay any colour of tie, a flower.... I'm really very excited about your wedding.
Your muscule will be hard.
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city. He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism. He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another. He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city. He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there. He showed me the city and we went to different parts. First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments. Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early-morning visitors. Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Then I got focal on the subway trains, so we went to Grand Central Station. When we arrived, I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work, so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a grat economic business. Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In this video game, you can kill, jump, dance, and eat all you want. It is a very good game. I think that it is the best "shooter" and that "Artic Combat" is good too.
Today is the big day, the day of his apresentation about acid rain and its consequences on the environment.
Feel the dramatism and realism of the best known event in Easter, played for nine years by the inhabitants, "The Pasin of Christ".
Discover the main representative museum there, the olive museum, where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners, in addition to tasting its exquisit oil.
The first time, it's difficult, like any other sport, because you don't know and you have to imporve by yourself, but if you like it, you will find it fascinating.
It is thruly that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running.
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to presente due to how wellcome I feel when I arrive at the reception.
Becouse of that, sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them.
I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could doin the kitcken, like baking cookies or making fresh bread.
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen, but to your surprise, it always turns out to be something unexcepted.
Despite the fact that there isn't any holywood star, all the characters are played very believably and some scenes won't let you sleep.
My fovourite place is the beach that is near, just about 20 miles away from my flat.
In toward to the modernization of life and technology, people believe in different perspectives of their way of life, but the majority of ones are totally utopic.
Actually, we have a lot of problems with traffic: lots of carriages on the railway and they aren't running; the number of cars in the street causes pollution; crawded railways cause a late arrival.
We descovery, in this context, special diseases caused by traffic: stress, violence, pollution, lack of safety, and so on.
If public transport were of higher quality, faster and with lower fares, the majority of citizens would prefer it: it is calmer to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in indiivdual transport; moreover, the time spent to go and come back would be reduced, because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway.
In the morning, we went to Ocean Park, we saw dolphins, cats, horses and many other animals. In the afternoon, we went on the rollar coaster. I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help. Actually, I hate riding on rollar coster. We played mind train, punch, and a lot of other games. At the end of the day I was running out of gas, because I was too tired to walk any further.
It has both advantages and disadavantages.
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist. The reason is just one: the life of this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics 'sight.
On April 2014 he was unable to give a performans.
On sepmtember 2014, a note was released and published on AC/ DC's web page. The note said: "Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health".
We are not alone. We live with people whome are family for us.
Television and other things invented by tecnhology are part of our lives.
I think every family has got a television in their own home and, for example, I have 4 televions in mine.
There are a lot of interesting TV programs where we can learn something and there are also intriging television programs.
It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our helth.
In general, I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight.
Laura, Adriana and me (Mara) love being a little bit cheecky, in a good way.
I rememmber, because we won.
Byt when I understood how much happiness this game gives me, I started more running and training.
not belive in yourself.
I would like to inform about recorrection of my family name in the result sheet.
Could you please recorrection my family name.
Sport is very importatnt for our bodies. It has many benefits to emprove ourselves and give us self-confidence, so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better.
About me. I like playing volleyball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body.
In Polen we have a lot of interesting places to visit.
Polen is an amazing and interesting country.
If you have working in Polen, the best way is job on holiday.
Every month, Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their cutomer, and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more, for complete informatioj you can check on the website or call the restaurant.
I hope it will hepls you.
Michel arrived home earlier that day, and when he oppen his door, he saw
That can be annoyand.
This is good, because sales mever went down.
I think my town really takes care of the environment, because there are a lot of park in this town and they are very clean.
I think almost everyone loves parks, because a lot of people go to the park and have lunch, picnic, do excersise, nap etc.
There are many sports grounds, for example, tennis cort, football pitches and play equipment for children, so I think my town takes care of the environment. That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time.
Generally, sports are growing our minds continously.
My favourite soap opera is "Friends". I remember watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out lous with my brother.
My favoutite character is Joey, who is a silly, innocent man.
One of the main advantages of family is the recogniton you are given at a specific age. Children require special attention to grow up well, and that can only be given by family. For instance, homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society.
Moreover, families play an essential part in protecting their members from bad atmosphere, and it probably reflects on their perfotmance toward country, leading to effictive, creative and useful civilians.
The last film I wachd was "The oders". It is a horror/ suspense movie. I was really scared.
and the mother thinks she is lyeing. But after a while, she believes her and starts searching for the intruders.
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because, also, that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health, their expectations of life and the way they want to live it, because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hearting the earth, so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives.
The companies who produce products with harmful ingedients are very powerful, so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce.
But one day, two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong, and they sad "what's that?". They saw a dead body. They were skared and ran to ther camp.
The other frinds called the police.
After two days, the poleas saw somebody at the crime scene. The policeman asked them what they were doing there. He was skard and puzzled.
The policeman whs sham feom the gues and he apologised.
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people. In order to cope with the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world, one must strive hard, which in turn increases their stress levels.
Also, I have not had an intitation to an interview yet.
The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britan from 22 to 25 February.
Well, I'm Sebastian Vega and I'm studying engeering sustainable development.
Nowadays, public transporte is hardly necessary to our life.
Consequently, gorvernment has started to support and take care of public transporte.
How can we revive public transporte?
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the etablissment.
Luckily the scouls are closed for ten weeks, so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Nowadays, there is very little public transpotr. The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around. Though pulic transport is used in mager cities to avoied traffic conjustion, it is wlidly reconizge that public transport is eco-friendly.
Many people say that public transport is not confortable. That's true. From my point of view, a bus is not so unconfortable.
Public transport is also used by children like me who want to go to school, high school or to univerity.
Finally, I think public transport has a very good future, because it has very good advantages but also some slight disadvantages. It's also very usefull for some people.
In my opinion, public transport shouldn't dissapear.
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight-scheduled work. I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect, because I have a friendly rapport with people around me. I would be pleased to receive your positive reply.
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment, so ecosystems have been destroyed, rivers are contaminated and pollution has reised in my town.
The recycling of plastic, paper, cardboard etc, by the poblation of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment.
TThe plot of this film is about a 25-year-old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Corean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule.
Pople are getting used to driving their own cars; it provides more confortability, and is more practical.
The government are opposed to investing in public infraestructures, because the benefits are lower every year.
I think public transport is better for the enviroment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets.
It is a true statement about cars. Travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new tecnologies apply to the
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a hgealthy lifestyle.
For example, India has a high rate of unemployment, hunger, poverty which leads to an immense embrassment about being Indian.
Nowadays, the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that people have collected over the centures.
Nowadays, public transportation is available almost all around the planet. We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century, but due to globalization and technological development, the transport sector is always in continuos transformation.
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing. Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreaced deeply, in order to let the plane market blomm.
Talking about local transport, we have a lot of choisses like cars, motorbikes, buses, trains, but also, as we were saying, planes.
According to the information donne, the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one, but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet.
In conclusion, we are seeing a new tend in transport. Increasingly, they are faster and more developed, with the latest technology included, but in contrast, we find also a contradiction, as we found another trend for tradictional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth.
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation. However, there are serious problems that come from it. The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution, which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation.
Thus, I think the future of public transportation will be more proferous.
Later, if you want, we could fiand a job for three months. In my opinion, a good job for three months could be as a waiter, because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer.
I started my hobby when I was a chid.
Maintaing cars is expensive.
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower. There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office.
In spite of that, he was dessed on time.
According to the results of a questionnarie (Houston inhabitants) most of them play basketball to forget homework, problems and to relax in their free time.
Furthermore, they give advice to all those novices at basketball "don't ever lose the passion", because if they give up, they won't play with the biggest players in the wolrd.
In conclusion, the real objective of the questionnarie consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America.
I love jogging because it's a way to stay outdor, immersed in nature.
I fell relaxed being alon near montains and snow.
Then there are some requirments for printing sheets: color on both sides, special ink and images slightly raised.
The most essential and key process is manual inspection of printed sheets with three categories: good quality sheets, patially damaged sheets and bad sheets.
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packagd and distributed, which means they will be cut into separate bank notes, packed and then dispatched.
He had a lot of animals: two dogs and three puppies, four horses, eigth ducks and one cat, Lionel.
Lionel was a black and white cat, and he was a very funny, fast and sweet aminal.
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyboll and I really liked that.
One day, I had a surprise. I met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team.
Sundully something happened. I needed to work to play my studuies in high school, so life changes anyway. I needed to stop my favourite sport, because I needed to study at that time. It was more important to me.
Today I do not play volleyboll anymore, but I really enjoy dancing. Now I can say that it is my favourite, it is all of.
The hugest gap is in 1981, when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expanditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval.
In approximately 1998 we can notice an equibrium price at $ 2.75 and an equibrium quantity at 23 billion packs.
Fistly, I'd like to talk about jobs. I think that these are the most important thing to worry about. If our studies get better, we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better.
Moreover, our capacity fosr learning more lenguages seems to be really adequate. Unfortunately, while there are a lot of teenagers that are working really hard, there are others that are all the opposite.
I think it is probable that in some years the tecnology could have improved quite a lote, and this is a very powerful advantage for us, the young people.
Beacuse we were born in 'the internet generation' as everyone says, so this aspect might be helpful for us.
In conclution, I've got to say that now we don't have to worry about the future, we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can.
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes. It shows how bank notes are manufacted from design to a thing we can use.
My hieght is about 5.2, my hair color is dark brown, my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt. I will be arriving at 20 past 3.
It was solwly.
This makes th
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities, because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more inteligent than your colleagues to get the work and that's great.
I have recently bought an electric car as a sustitution for my traditional car.
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethig immediately.
After waiting for an hour, the time came and, bravely, with a high confidence level, he walke into the office.
Please, write me a list with the words that I need for technical konversation.
When you drive your own transport, a car for example, you go to and from a specificlly place, but on a bus, you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school, work...
I'm studiying medicine. This major is very challenging although stressful, because the self-study is every day and there is a lot of information.
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships, not everydoby can afford them.
I am 14 eayrs old.
I don't have a favourite subject, but l like English because we can comunicated all over the world.
The names of my best friends are Agustina, Emilia and Micaela. We are strange friends. We anre in 6 together and that's when we bacame friends.
I am applaying for the vacancy in the summer camp.
Morocco is a kingdoom, like Spain and England. We have a king and princes.
we wnet to the Trocadero.
But the best was the Guarda of Bukingham Palace.
We travelled to London by plane, but to come back we travelled by car abd boat.
People contribuation is very important in this matter.
Firstly, hyrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends. As a result of this, most people do not use their cars all week.
This attitude has reduced the enromous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes.
Many factories are follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water.
In addtion to that, recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person.
Town council not only encourage people to plant trees or garndening, it subsidises their green improvements.
In summary, people take many intiative and are moving forward to have a safe and attracticve environment and surrondings.
This is an internacional sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it.
Football is a fameous sport. You can whatch it on TV or you can see it live. There ara a lot of level categories, the most fameous categorie is the first.
People that play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on TV. If you want to be a big football player, you must practise more time and yoor life should be healthy.
This sport is the best in the world and the most fameous annd I think that it is the most enjoyed.
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice-cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014. They are, respectively, an ice-cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool.
In the case of the ice-cream van, it saled most in Jul-Sep each year, nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year.
In the case of the indoor swimming pool, its sales didn't have large changes, it usually saled about 2000-3000 dollars 'worth in each season.
It usually saled most in Apr-Jun and Oct-Dec and slid to the bottom in Jul-Sep.
Ubearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems.
Finally, goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I think that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions.
So, we can say that time is a double-edged sword, either helping you or against you, and the popular saying is right: "don't put off the work of this day to the next day" because our work will accumulate. Then it will become harder to finish it. To ensure the best use of time in our lives, we need to be punctual. Punctuality avoids tension and trouble. Finally, even scientists have another vision of time. They have discovered that time is the fourst dimension through relativity theory, which exchange all concepts in science.
Oh! My brother, David, is going to get married! Sorprise!
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed of.
Thirdly, they print the sheets of bank notes (50 banks notes per sheet) with special ink, where colour is condidered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes.
It is an egyption movie starring khaled Aboelnaga and some young actors. The action of this film takes place in Alexandrie, a city in Egypt, and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they don't have much money to produce their own albums,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it "underground bands". Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January revoulation. I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society. There is no chance for young people and if they find it, they face a lot of problems to save it and they don't find time for other activties, and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love.
In the big cities, they have begun to build green buildings, they use electricial public transport in order not to pollute.
The day after, we went to a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum.
Nowadays, young people are influenced by the western culture, so they are getting more fashion-conscious. Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colored clothes. They are happy about wearing different color clothes. They don't want to wear our traditional dress, such as sari, dhoti, choli and many more. They only like to wear shirts, pants, skirts, t-shirts and many more. Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television.
Using private veihicles is more convenient for them than using public transport.
On the other hand, public transport doesn't pollute, but the car pollutes, so, for us, travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport, but for the atmosphere, it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car.
Also, TV, radio, the internet, big companies have adverisement about helping the planet.
To turn to, alredy people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals.
Technology is advancing very fast, in the best way. This is good for us because we wiill do a lot of things.
As a result of that, we will have a better life, more healty and clean in the coming years.
In 1810, there was a war for indepedent in Mexico and many people fought with other people. For example, Miguel Hidalgo is considered "The father of indepedent" and he fought with the Spanish monarchy.
I am an Arsernal fc fan.
I have been an arsernal fan since 1999.
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the arsernal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players.
People from diffenrent cultures play in the same club.
Nobt all of Russia is always under snow.
I will give you a review of a thriller. The thriller is Hunger Games. It is about some capitals and people are choised to play in a game. You have to kill people before they kill you. It is a movie that has suspense, because you want to know how they survive. In the movie, someone loves someone and they protect each other. It is really cute, but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family, capitals, friends, etc.
This sport is an invidual sport, so you win alone and don't beat a team, but if you play tournaments in pairs the one who wins is the team.
This sport is very famous all over the world, but in Italy it isn't very famous, becouse in Italy soccer is more famous than tennis.
But I know that a lot of joung people play tennis. I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years 'time, then you won't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player!
I saw your advertisement in a newsapper.
I have also been a member of the asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old.
I have worked for a few diffrent companies and asocations in the past.
Usually I was a voluteer, but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work.
My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my freinds.
l like to go to the beach with my freind or alone offen.
I enjoy watching people and childern having fun.
l like the cool breeze from the oacen while I'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music.
I really think taht we should go to that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities.
But we could also try the climbing, but it would be better if we could cimbing outside, in the countryside.
Emeil me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays.
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than private transport.
So I do not agree with this afirmation. In my opinion, travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport.
The men is very well constructed, and the food is based on local products.
This problem is that some aparatus are brouken and the paint is bad.
For me, the solutions to these problems are esey.
With the first problem, you should organis the timetable in order to have one class at a time.
And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenaits once a year.
I look forward to your positive awnser.
I am exicited about the idea of being with and interviewing other students from different parts of the world.
You don't need a lot of aquitment, so you don't have to buy a lot.
I think for people who are fat, they can go jogging, but a little bit slowler.
Unfortunately, Agatha can't find sufficents clues to identify the guilty party.
I prefer walking, because the bus, helicomter, and metro are very polluting.
The pollution is the firt problem with public transpor
While I was ringing the bell, the neighbourh's dog started to bark.
It was like it was waiting for a terrorific event.
Nodody opened.
When Michael saw me, he openened the door, but straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake.
Saying that, the music that they like is pop music and reggeton as they can dance together.
Also, the televisin programmes that they watch are reality shows.
In addition, regarding clothes, young people wear a dress, skirp or jeans.
We were going to Gdask to see the new statium that was built for the UEFA European Championship.
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the acumulator in our car.
This report shows the sorts of shops which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava.
It is thought that Chinnesse shops are the cheapest by far.
Something more fashionable: there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designes.
If you need something for a special event like a wedding, you can go to three shops which are specialited in that.
Because of different cultural backgrounds, the speaking styles of internaional students who come from different countries are different.
Do you have any Diffrent eating customs?
So. I need more inpormation about eating customs in Diffrent countries.
In Korea, we usually ues chopsticks when we eat meals ald spoons as well.
So, I have to Leand to use chopsticks to eat.
We think it's Improtant to respect meal manners.
All thanks to new technologies, innovation in the field of medicine and new scientific discoveres.
To my mind, our lives have been improved in these years by smarphone, satnav, digital TV, the Internet..
First of all, in the next 50 years people's lives won't resamble at all this.
Apart from that, I imagine the world with everything automatic, planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of weiters in a restaurant.
I cannot agree with the statment that there is "no future for public transport" given that the premise is "travelling by car is more convenient".
First of all, public transport is rather more convenient than a irvate car.
Despite this, the resaturant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments, hung up on the walls.
On our earth, Hunderds of millions of prople live.
A great number of bulidings stand on the land,
even though the place probably shold belong to animals.
However, we forget the one importent thing: the earth belongs to all life.
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes, and it leads to environmental deteriation.
We make the thransport easy. However, we take away other animal s 'lives through carelessness.
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA. HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS.
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS.
NOW, HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL. HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY.
When he was 21 yeasr old, his father told him something about his family's secret.
Just enjoy your life day by day, and be thanksful for an ordinary day. "
It is large, clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi.
It offers many kinds of delicious foods, like meat, cheeken, seafood, and if you want something different, you will find it there. It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant.
These days, computers are multifuncional.
I am writing to you about the adverstismen in the Mirrow daily newspaper.
I can speak severeal languages, like Spanish, English and Rusian.
I am available to start to work inmeditely.
Your faitfully.
I recommend this sport to everyone, because it could be, as it is for me, a moment to distract you from the world, a moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow.
Secondly, other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers, it is not only their parents but other people, who surrond them.
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad, and which way they will goin a difficult situation. For example, will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any suplements?
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything, it is like a challlenge, although you can do different things. You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone, so don't be alarmed if your children bother you.
It is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work. I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security.
I would like to tell you about this experinece and how much I enjoyed working in there.
I was responsible for selling the moive tickets and having a good time.
Michael closed the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house.
He mostly played in the number 10 even thouhg he also played in numbers 80 and 45.
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against diferrent problems. One day there is the problem of violence, one day the atmospheric conditions, or many other problems.
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources, such as eletricity generated by the light of the sun's rays.
Or in addition, we could use the energy generated by the environment, such as the wind or inorgainc waste.
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept in a museum in Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month.
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife: a beautifull doll dressed in a wedding dress.
Unfortunatelly, in a horribble night, the couple's house is invided by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them.
The Satanists invoced an eavel entity that is capabale of the worst things... Annabelle.
After Mia gives birth to her doughter Lilly, Annabelel wants to kill her.
Even the preist doesn 't know how to help the unhappy familly.
Everyone is terryfied and finds out that a demon is attached to the doll.
The gym has many problems that we are gouing to describe:
The first problem is that we don't have enough aparatous for all of the students.
The second problem is about that some aparatous are not working well because the school hasn't done manteinace a since long time ago.
For the first problem, in my opinion, the school should buy some other aparatus, because there are not enough for all of the students,
I hope my proposal wiil be useful to you.
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement "The Voice of Women" which is published by the WATC; the "Women's Affairs Technical Committee, and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development, a magazine which is published by the Center for development work" Maan ", annd other websites and news and media organizations.
Frist of all, at home we recycle plastic, glass, paper and cartons, oils, clothes, batteries, putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials, and, finally, all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere. Then, when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank, I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle.
This has some adventeges, such as it being more comfortable and faster.
On the other hand, private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet. We can help to prevent the pollution of the enviroment if we take public transport, which doesn't pollute.
At the moment, there is more than one car per person. That is a problem for me because people don't take care the of envarioment.
I am plannning to visit his company.
Life is unpredictable and unforseen.
But insurance is also a necessity and invetable for peace of mind. It gives us surety to live life securely.
It gives competition to national companies. By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders. People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurancce.
It's a very mooving book, but it isn't difficult. I think it's for teenagers, but it is also good for adults.
All over the world, people always need advice to keep looking after their environments. First, the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean. Second, they should run awareness campaigns about the environment; for example, telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre baskets, which helps workers to recycle it easily. Finally, to stay healthy, we need a healthy environment.
Sundly, a krav maga class started in a gym close to my house.
Diabetes is an increase of glucosa in the blood, There are two types, first Diabetes Type 1 which is predent in children, the pacient needs insuline every day. Also, this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline released by the person's immuny siste.
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults; the insuline is generated but it does not work in the body, so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body.
So it is necessary to eat vegetables and fruist and also to do ejercises.
At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to roch climb.
After the examns finished, I went home and had nothing to do, so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I had watched them due to the exam week.
I was so angre, because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing. So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but didn't find them.
It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC.
Vesuvium-this is the vulcano's name-covered it with a lot of ash so that walls, houses, food, clothes, bodies of citizens were preserved as they were.
In addition, it is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei's citiziens.
There is a unique athmosphere!
So, I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and counry.
Hi! My name is Ctia and I am a student of electrical engeneering.
I am in the third year at university, I don't know what the Master's will be that I am going to do, but I want a Master's relationed to programming.
I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanisms.
In the first place, I think that you must look on the internet. You will see diferents cities of this country and you can choose the best.
In my opinion, you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most atractives.
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediatele.
He had forggoten to go to his English classes.
But he did not realise something. His little brother was watching him througt the window.
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life, because not all people have the possibility to buy a car, and because public transport is less expensive than a car. So for that reason, public transport in the future could exist, because public transport is a necesity all over the world, not only because of money, but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport.
I don't know isn't an anwer.
After an hour, the dog was vaccined and taken home, but his mother needed a bottle of milk.
First, I want to introducude myself.
I am a young woman with a melancoly character.
I love bwrite but I am not confidance about my grammar.
I have no idea after this sentense.
Thereore, public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro, publis buses etc.
Working in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas, manage all departments and learn about business, management, economics, sales, engineering, tecnical support and other skills.
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaccion. However, it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work.
I started to play it when I was twuelve years old and these days I still love this sport.
At some point, you wish it was all an illusio. You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life..
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross otherwise. For example, I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series, has ambient lighting, it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button, it's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving.
Those are the main reasons that could make public transport diseappear.
Firstly, it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity. That is the first step to doing exercise, then competing in sports will encourage competitior to make an extra effort.
In addition, stress is a clear disadvantage of competing, because competitiors are trying to win and this can frustrates.
Finally, I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages, but when it is controlated there are some benefits that help you in your whole life.
Second is to prepare metal plates using qulified machinists.
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged, it can be packed and delivered by veichals after being cutted into separate notes.
I advise peolpe to start this sport, because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good.
When I was fourteen years old, I won a championchip because, in that period, I swam as a competitive atlet.
It was a real satisfation and I was happy.
Michael is a 22-year-old man, he has studied for a degree in electrical engenieer and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice.
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job. He looked at all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded.
In contrast, you could suffer some nasty cuts or, though, be sunburnst.
I used to live in assistent house. It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana, then I moved to an aparment with two friends.
The garbage truck picks up paper once a week, plastic two times per month and undiferretiated three times a week for all people who live in my country.
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing. There are also a lot of people that don't have the posibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons, like the price, because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car, or because of the traffic. Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster.
Secondly, there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and so saving our planet.
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English. If you know grammar, you only know certain rules for writing, but I think that speaking is more important than writing, because when you go to any place in the world, you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you. In this part you may notice that if you don't know vocabulary, you won't unsderstand anything. But here is another topic. Whether you understand or not, you have to notice the way that people talk to you, and try to understand what the person is trying to say.
I enojoy this because I like it.
I see myself as a perfect candidate for this positiona.
I live in one of the most beautiful countries-Ukrane.
When I was at school my friends and I attended unior swimming school.
My friend and I always had ice creame and fun after training.
Nowadays, the obtion of broadening the mind while traveling is very commun.
Apart from that, you see new places and you have fun. You also learn about other cultures, historical facts, you also lern to respect other people and thirs costums.
In addition, you don't think about your problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do.
Besides, you see new worlds and thirs ways of life and that helps to open your mind, to see the world in another way.
In conclusion, I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn. Not the only way, but yes, the best way.
I would like to recoomand friends to visit Italy.
So if you want to visit any country, I'm going to recoomend Italy.
This afirmation: travelling by car is so much more convenient, says everything. For example, if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination, and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car. It is more practical and faster.
Don't forget the cust.
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most. I think the Egyption family has become simller with the passage of time.
Finally, the consecuense of cocaine is death. If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot, you will die prematurely.
We enjoyed swimming in the sea, sunbathing, having a barbacue and seeing the sunset.
Young people want to find a good job here, but they are working in MacDonald's or burguer king for a low salary.
Television plays an essential part in our life; we turn it on nearly every day, since it can make life more interseting.
There are two pionts to prove it.
For one, a show broadcast on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment.
From: horses, steam vehicle, first petrol and gas car to future cars when the fuel will be electricty.
My hoby
But now I really enjoyed it, and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show, which was amazing. For s cuople of hours, I didn't move. It was a brilliant present.
In 1994, The Scream, one of the most expensive paintings in the worls, was stolen from the National Gallery of Oslo (Norway).
When he stole the painting he wrote a note sayng: "thank you for your good security" and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to steal the painting.
There are mainly 4 stepts: design, preparation, printing and inspecting.
This essay will explain these different stept.
Firstly, personnel design the background colour, the artwork and the scuriity features on the bank notes, which is also done in process of other card, such, such as notes for supermarkets.
After sheets of bank notes are printed, there are differences and specials for it, it uses special ink, and prints colors on both sides, and images are slightly rised.
Finally, inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and devid them into three categories: "bad sheets" are sent for disposal, where things are sercurely destroyed; "Good quality sheets" will go for packaging and distribution, where sheets are cut, packed and dispatched.
However, sheets that are "partally damaged" will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions.
I'd like to wtite on this subject because it's a very importnant topic.
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade& supporte my team with my flag& cheers.
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on hisself a lot and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport and show a lot of matches& followed by captain supervised on him
When you have the desire to do something, somehing you always dreamt of achieving, something touches you inside not only when you do it, but also when you think about it.
First, this kind of advertisement should be forbiden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable.
Kids around these ages (2 to 5 years old) do not have a mature critical sense and anything can easyly persuade them.
In conclusion, I am strongly in favour of this statement. Advertisements for young kids, not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbiden because of the kid's vulnerability and the risk to their parents 'relationships with them.
I am writing in response to yor advertisement which I saw in "The Daily Magazine" last week.
I am a twenty-year-old student currenly studying to be a chef.
If you need any further information, please do not hesitate in conctact me.
Nemo's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him. They cross all the ocean to go to Nemo's location to save him, while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist's house.
In the following paragraphs, I am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide a solution.
I like volei because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother. It is my favorite sport, but I like other sports too, same I don't play volei because I'm bad, and my friends that I know, don't like people who are bad at volei.
But today, things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives. The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxory.
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their techinique.
The diagramm shows the development from 1998 to 2014.
At Easter time, the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition. In contrast, the pagan spring festival doesn't focous on consecration but rather on celebration.
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car. A car is easy and cozy also, but public transprt is fair and is very affordable for all clasess of people.
Public transport mainly means public bus. People used to travell long disistance by publis bus. It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus.
Although I knew that there was some conflication between England and Scotland, the vote really shocked me.
I have been travelling with both for yeras, and I reckon everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another.
My favourite sport is soccer, because it is the most popular sport in the worl.
But every time, I get trubbel.
The hudsband of Grace is called Charles.
Her sons have a problem which means that they can't look at natural light, and one day, Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying. So she went to their bedroom and the courtins were not there. So she went to the other room and the courtins also were not there. So she starts getting more and more nervous. She goes and talks to the servants, and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys.
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance. He loves his job as he is patient when doing his jop. he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh.
Nowdays, the number of endangered species has increased.
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endagered species from illegal poachers.
To sum up, there are a lot of cleary strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos.
In my opinion, people should bulid some kinds of wildlife parks. This solution will allow
It's a really expensive sollution, but we must do that for
The charts below give information about the most importent reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers.
The first chart is the resons for studying according to age of student.
For carreer has 80%; under 26 years old students selected it. For the over 49 years olds, only 20% of people selected it; but if you compare this with interest, it is totoly different; under 26 years old have only 10%; but over 49 years olds have 70%.
The other chart is about employer support. Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70%, the scentd higterst is aged 26-29 years old; it has 50%; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30-39 years old.
You can visit the old city and see old buildings and the castel, you can see the beautiful view from bridges over the water.
isn't good for stydents.
First of all, by getting students out of the classroom, students take a breack from the school routine.
Fythermore, going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themshelves.
In adition, field trips are an important part of our school activities.
Unfortuntely, I saw you last many days ago.
My flatmatter is my best friend today.
Susan told me that you need to khonw a couple of things before your visit to Spain.
At that moment, he knew his decision was going to afect his whole life.
When he was scaping from the prison, he bumped into an old friend callled Charlie.
Why do I enjoy my favouite sport?
I love it when the temperatur is a little bit cold, but not too much.
But there's a differenc between eating a good meal, and eating by the way.
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus. Maybe she had always been the woman of his life. He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to satart to get to know her. But he decided to leave the pub. He walked to the exit.
All in all, I stil had a memorable vacation.
In addition, there is a small blackboard for my littel brother because my mother wants my prother to learn Arabic and English letters.
My country is a very interesting place. We have a lot of ancient and mistyc places.
I think you couldn't work in my country, because it's illegal for foreiners.
The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the tomw hall clean the streets.
To begin with, nowadays more and more people prefer trevelling by car rather than by bus or train.
In the end, I want to tell you that we are not robots. Everyone deservs what they want.
I like public transport and I love my planet. I think the best method for reducing polucion
annonced the way they take care of the town.
My aprtment is very beautiful.
It has some disadvantages like, it hasn't a praivte parking lot.
Finally, my apartment is very beautiful, and it has a lot more advantages than its disadvatages.
There are various kinds of different things that happen in peoele's lives, some may be normal and nothing special, while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber them for a long time.
Eventually, I was third in the comtest.
The most important thing is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure.
Resolve/ dertermine/ insistence
I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applaused them every time they win a point. Although I'm not on the court, I can feel the feeling of the game. It's really awesome.
Once in a while, I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament, besides watching and enjoying it, I can also learn how real the game is, what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the jumpire for no reason. You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice, or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real.
Pblico transportation is excellent; you sabe money, take care of the environment and make friemds.
On the other hand, she has never been a talktive girl, so it's usually me who is always talking a lot.
It is conveninet to travel by private car everyone can afford it, so that everyone has a private car nowadays. Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport.
For these reasons, it is unlikly there is no future for public transport.
Alison felt desesparate. She noticed that her husband's car keys were in her house, so he was walking or someone had picked him up. She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends. Nobody knew anything and now they were scaried.
My favorite sport is footboll.
In my opinin, if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team. Moreover, I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight.
On one hand, public transport is good because it doesn't pollute so much and you can muve around the whole city.
We don't use so much petroll as if each passenger were to use their own private transport.
In conclusion, public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem. It is true that sometimes you need private transport, but apart from that, public transport is used a lot by people of all ages.
I'm a comitted, responsable, and organized person.
First I would like to intoduce myself. My name is Joaqun Gutirrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football, which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old.
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a gruop of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent, like tennis.
Currently, I play in the first divission of the club River PLate from Argentina.
In my opinion, people will travel by public transport more frenquely, because this type of transport is less expensive, more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car.
My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world.
At 2p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I couldn't undestood anything and I couldn't talk.
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination. This often causes traffict accidente and congestion.
For this reason, people are becoming acure of the terrible problem and are learning and teaching vial culture to new generations.
In addition, public institucions are promoting this and also private companies create advertising to increase awereness.
This is due to the fact that Lima, in the beginning, did not have a plan to desing its public roads and highways, and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population.
I usually take public transport to go to the University, because public trasnport is cheaper than a car.
(5) establish a mechanism in collaboratedly exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea.
As he got closer, he saw a lot of people around tha Kabaa.
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day. I like it becasue it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health; better than medicine.
The purpose of this propossal is to provide details about shopping facilities in my hometown, Vung Tau, and give some recommendations for tourists.
They offer a wide range of choices, from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellries to local specialities, at a reasonble price to suit the interests of different people.
I assure you that there should be high-quality and varied products there satisying your needs.
I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for their cheap prices and the hospitable manners of residents here.
My hobbies are meeting Friends and hanging out with them or playing baskteball in my spare time.
Peolple don't use the five seats of the car to travel.
From the point of view of the invaironment, this is a bad idea, because it uses a lot of gas per person.
A new problem is in the small towns, because they are not disigned to accommodate a lot of cars.
I think that the main problem with piblic transport is the communications between villages and small towns, because they only exists between the big cities.
It is a problem of mentality. If we had been born into a society that used public pranspor, I think that would be better and we would use it normally.
There are so many educacionals programs, like Animal Planet, and so many others.
Sometimes, some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes, for example, Animal Plante can help you in biology. The History Channel can help in history, etc... In my opinion, television can be as good as books, and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books, because TV is something fun, so you can learn and have fun at the same time.
I am writing in response to your adversiment for SUMMER CAMPS.
I worked as an assintant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer. I worked in another restaurant in London, but I would like to look after children, because I have studied to be a teacher.
yors faithfully.
Here in Brazil, it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our gorvernants, which unfortunatuly won't happen soon.
And why am I talking about it? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our minset. Just with knowledge and information, we will be able to manage actions to save, protect and improve the environment, and instead we have the current result.
This aphirism is famous and true.
People try to build big and laxuries houses but they forgot about the main thing.
We can choose expencive things for the interior,
n the town, he tries to make people aware of the sitiations and they take care of the environment.
In my opinion, we should be conciencious and stop it. If we don't stop it, after, it will be too late.
The best present that I have received was... I don't remebmer!
Another thing, in my home there are some rules: my brother and I tidy our room, we clean the bathroom after we use it, we can't eat on the sof...
Let us examine the aventadges and disavandges
Nowadays, people have a stressfull life, so we can't spend time waiting for public transport.
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen. It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bites them.
I think I am the right personn for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English.
Firstly, Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues, where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm. This was matched with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino's films.
In my opinion, volleyball must then be considered among high-risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings. My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxetion way.
It is upstearm that irrigates our economic life, and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives, and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence,
but we also must coparation to save our town. On the one hand, we must Presentation an awareness program for all people,
There is no future for public transport, becasue travelling by car is so much more convenient.
I do not agree with this statement becasue in big cities there are a lot of cars. If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time, there will be a huge traffic jam, so travelling by car isn't much more convenient in this situation.
My email adress is xxxxxxxx.
As a result, I think that I have some intellent for swimming.
From then on, I felt my disease decreasind and feel relax.
I am prepared for long working hours. That's no problem for me, because I am young and I like working and spending timee with people.
Although some people prefer individuIal games, I prefer team games.
They must know, people will identifie them, walking along the street.
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children, from canoeing to swimming competitions. Also, I worked in a summer camp last yaer, where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again.
I look forward to heraing from you as soon as possible.
In my opinion, music like this should be diplayed more often on the radio and other mass media.
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play.
When we arrived there in July last summer, the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge, all included in the room's fee.
There is perhaps notthing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable.
A lot of children usually don't know how to study Engilsh, and you could help them to get there.
The other team was profesional, they had won many competitions, they were really good, but Tom and I knew that we could win.
I'm the rigt person for the job because I'm reliable and experienced.
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier. My favuorit sport is swimming, so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed.
Moreover, daily excrsise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier. So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases.
Dear Sir or Madan,
Called in a malicious way, there are 6 floors for jewerly, clothes, accessories, gadgets, books etc.
Being in the centre of Bucharest, you can go outside, in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade.
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city, public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and, depending on its quality, also low budget.
Your health needs calm, friendship, happiness... You must keep in contact with your friends and spend time with yourself (do not forget your hobbies and learn new things) and your familiy.
It follows that, on the one hand, I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and, on the other hand, I have a perfect coomand of English.
In addition, as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and, moreover, I definetely have a way with children of any age, after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school.
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this posistion.
A wise man in the past said once, "If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climer, the strength of a shot putter, the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer."
It's exhausing and you have to move fast to get every shuttlecock.
You have to be competitiv!
My coatch was very nice and mostly we played in teams.
I had a lot of fun at the sommer sports camps and I made a lot of friends.
Envide your friends from school or work.
Practice together with people of your age. It is a lot of fun und you will get better soon.
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proude and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth.
Particularly in Barcelona, the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there wasn't an aproppiate place to keep the fish, so they couldn't eat it one or two days later.
You start living on your own, make your own decisios and plan your future.
The year off gives them apportunities to get a job.
You can get to know other countires and new individuals.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to cantact me.
I am wrtitting this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested.
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remanings from the past, Antalya (Turkey) is the best city to work in.
Finally, I personally disagree with cyberschol.
Cyberschol aren't interested in health and safety issues!
In fact, it ccan help them to speak with their friends more easily.
In conclusion, so family and friends are very necessaris in your life.
I remember that you are fascinat by nature, so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food. You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly, there are amount of variety.
When it's cold, I always go to a covered swimming pool, and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining, I always go to a reservoar.
In present-day society, sustanable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate.
It is definitely not envirnmentally friendly.
And last but not the least, public transport is muche safer than private transport, because it transports many more people, and so, there is more cauttion.
Film stars and politicans are interesting to people because of their talents and special abilities.
On the one hand, famous people try to hide thier lives from journalists.
In everyday life, the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influental.
So, I enjoy running alone or with friends, because this sport has a lot of possibilies, more than I thought when I started to run after finishing High School.
This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport, and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile, with incovemiences and safety being the excuse.
In the past, I tried to play basketball, tennis, ping pong and so on, but the outcome made me depressed and less confedent.
The first point which I would like to menchioned is cost.
That could be frustrating, especialy when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving.
Finaly, the word conviniend means something different for everyone.
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and at any time you can go wherever you want, for the other, it would be a pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues. They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others 'lives.
But there are some disadvantages, like stairs because we are on the second floor. We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that's so annoying sometimes.
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to get to know Italy better.
Meaybe you'll choose to attend univeristy in one of these cities!
It is a turist country, you could work as a waiter in my city.
As it is a movie related to magic tricks, when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable, you know that, in fact, it is not.
Long after that, because I had such a natural talent at engeneering, I began to write books and essays about everything realted to my job.
InBy February we'll have finished our exams and we'll have more free time.
Birdwathcing really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature.
Don't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audence?
The new activity which I have thought could be organised and could have success is called "The Club of dicussion".
In addition, it could be interesting, although you don't have to do physical actitivy, because your ability to edit a speech, support an idea, have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity.
In conclusion, making a speech contributes to our social relasionships and it allows us to define our personality.
We found very cosy and traditional houses, the market was very populary, with a lot of people walking around, and the people were very nice to us.
For this reason, when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir lifestyle.
So they would help to solve a bit the problem fot the UK's recycling system.
Such us yoghorts, biscuits, etc, was wrapped in plastic.
However, I also think that it's important to be concient of environmental concernts, so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish.
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing (or even following) this terrific sport, I'd say it's passion for wearing your club's jersey and respect for your adversaries.
For years of wars and difficult situations, history was creating people's beliefs and convintions.
Conclusions and recommendatios
I really like reading many kinds of books, magazines, etc. When the weather is bad, I love sitting in my favorite armchaire, near the fire place and reading.
I enioy hearing the rain while I am reading at home.
Howhever, I like walking very much, too.
I prefer comedy and romance, but I like triller and drama too.
Finally, I enioy taking care of my garden, where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers.
We like the sea very much, so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardegna.
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful wather.
By recycling, by tryng to reduce the traffic, walking and cycling. That also impruves our health and fitness.
People of all eages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife.
At school, children are tauhgt about how to make apropiated use of electricity.
There also a lot of plans for the futre, to start using electric cars.
I'm chatolic and I play the guitar in the Church choir.
Each year, in the summer holiday, I've worked in the "Summer camp" organised in our neighboorhood, both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old.
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles: modern, classical, gotic, etc.
However, not all is OK. A trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates can't afford it.
At that moment, the phone started to ring, I pick it up... but no one answeared me when I asked 'Who is that?'.
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women's shops inside, the facilities are quite atracctive and very up-to-date, the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches.
It brings you directly to my subburn.
Using this transport I will go to New Zeland then Australia and other countries.
Travelling by car is muc more convenient, as many people say, but public transport is much better for the environment.
In my opinion, it is one of the healthiest sports there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing.
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save other people's lives, even if they come from an abroted foetus.
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process, so parents that had an abroted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research and help other people.
How are you donig? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month.
After some time, I felt sad, because I realised that I wouldn't be albe to see the band playing on the stage, because I had to stay in front of the entrance.
We took some pohotos and got autographs.
great starter and when you finish it, they bring you the barbacued meat.
Then the main course is the barbacued meat that is very tender and tasty.
But, considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly overpopulated world, it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation.
The family might exist on paper, but not in reality, because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high-technology phones they'll have at that time.
I know, it sounds boring and pessimistic, but if we don't change our minds imediately, the future is going to be like that, for sure.
Developed countries, Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people, expresed as below 20%, whereas Sub-Saharan Africa, Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write.
There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes; dark dresses for women or a 'tango hat' for men.
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes, there are so many places you can go. Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well-known brands, and technology is located in Recoleta.
During this day, the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things, but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson.
I worked at a nursery school in London last summer, which led to the improval of my English skills.
On the other hand, you have the public service called Metrobus, and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times. When you arrive you must find the A-line, go to the Patriotismo starion (C line), then go to the delta station and walk to# 76 Acrone Street.
If I were you, I would choose the subway because the wearher in Mexico is too hot, so, I think you don't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip.
In the last ten years, Brazil has created a wide range of governamental programmes.
Educational and medical assistance, as well as infraestructure improvements are some of the recent advancements.
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and aquiring an international standard qualification.
I found your addvertisment in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps.
Suddenly, a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness.
Well, since my chillhood I have always loved weapons. My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7, but it wasn't until I was 15 that I found my real passion, and it was archery. Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer, and that archery is my favorite sport.
After more than seven hundred years, in 1733, the Roman Catholic bishop's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara, where the first cathedral became the church of jesuists monks.
Journalilst and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance ath the value of them.
Everybody makes mistakes, but their mistakes are wtitten about and known by society, which is unfair and harmful.
They ought to apprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their life, because there are plenty of people, who dream of being them.
Famous people have to notice how much they have, apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life, because it is not such a disaster as they often think.
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers, each car consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline, and released a certain proportion of air polutted.
can also satisfy passengers who cannot travel by plane and need to take long-distance jouneys.
To summarize, he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his defenitively
Furthermore, as the programme is endorsed by the European Union, the trainee has accident and liabiliy insurance.
It was a good experience. The hotel had every comfort you can imagine: a reastaurant, a spa, a gym, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, a beauty center and a church.
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce uncomfortability and keep one's feet at a nice temperature.
Players must be considered as a paintor working on a piece of art.
It's not the efford they have applied or all the hopes they had.
Their expectations will be considered unuseful.
Poeple don't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job, they will judge only it.
So, if someone is ever woundering to whether start playing this sport, they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win.
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazz who are trying to find out more about their private life.
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time. Beeing a witress or something like that is well paid and not so dificult to do.
I have noumerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite.
THE STRENGHT OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers, under no cicumstances should we miss it!
I like to read too. My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books. It's hard to explain, but I mean books with everyday action not sciene-fiction or romance.
Parkour is a discipline in which the main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B, in any kind of environment, the safest and fastest way, without causing any harm to your body.
Parkour was developed in Lisses, Frace, around the 1980's.
One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method, created by Georges Hbert.
Basicaly, the method is based on developing the main foundations of moviment of the human body. These are: swim, run, walk, jump, quadruped moviment, climb, lift things, balance and defend yourself.
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam souldier and worked as a fireman in the French army.
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour thechniques to the firemen who he used to work with.
His son, David Belle, was taught some of the faundations of Parkour too.
Some people say that David criated Parkour but, in fact, his father developed all the ideas of the discipline.
Parkour isn't just a physical discipline, there is also the philosofical part. Altruism, "be strong to be useful" (it is actually a frase from the Natural Method), develop your body and mind so that, in a dangerous situation, you will be able to save yourself and other people, and so on.
Therefore, it is due to its philosofy and the joy that I feel before, during and after a training session, that Parkour is my favorite sport.
For me, people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than puiblic transport, because you can take the car when you want and go where you want whotout spending hours waiting for the bus.
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Helath and Sri Lanka standerds Association and adhere to their rules and regulatiuon for production, storage and distribution.
Their opinios varied a bit here.
An argument some used was: 'In case we removed this whole industry, then there would be a humangous group of peoole unemployed, and that would be a problem.'
Finally, the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history, antropology and seeing a lot of types of art.
I agree with the statement, that fmous people deserve to have a private life without jouralists following them all the time.
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people which is not true.
Altought it doesn't mean that the press should write about your private life.
And, as a draback of being a celebrity, they are followed by papparazzi almost everywhere.
Besides, being foollowed by unknown people must be quite a scary experience.
My listening is goood and I can understand.
I look forward to hearning from you very soon. If you have any questions, you can mail or contact me.
First of all, travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport; cars have to pay for gas, insurance, repairs, environmnet fees etc; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper.
She kwew that he would be staying away for so long but she would wait.
She loved him and no World War was able to separe them, because she was pregnant and this baby was coming. It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor, just like Jason's father.
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of "Bulls Running on the street", many become passionite about the cuisine of Navarra. As a result, a few shops such as "LA VINOTECA" and "DELICIUS" are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food.
There is little doutbt that they will not only find original products, but will also enrich their minds.
On the other hand, they are still normal peolple, who have families, partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes, without cameras, media, newspapers, flashes and spotlights.
Wahat is more, I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is famuos.
I'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8p.m., when it is morning in the USA.
Of course, some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who don't like it have the posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them don't exist.
Nowadays, people care more about themeselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them!
I am really happy you wrote to me for some advice and I am very honourated that you want to spend some time in my country.
First, you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Itlay, because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit.
If you like Egyptian history, you can go to Tourin, where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt.
If you want to visit the south part of Italy, you must start your trip from Florence, the bithplace of the culture. Then you must go down to Rome, the capital city of my country.
After you have seen the Coliseum, the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain, and so on, you must visit Naples.
The idea of finding a job that lasts thre months is great.
I think you could work as an entretainer in some tourist villages roun the country.
In that way, you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience.
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your hability, so I think that you could take some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts.
Let me know if you enjoy yout tour and take lots of photos (I want to see them soon)
I'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements publised in the local newspaper last week.
I'm 31 years old, and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my life, so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children.
As well as taking part in activities relating to cookering.
At night, the noise was annoiying. I was not able to rest properly.
Also, the phone did not work properly, it was imposible to use it to call the receptionist.
In addition, the elvetor was out of order.
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at stermalm called: "New Peeking". It's an Asian buff and they make the best food.
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish, English or biologi.
I think that, in particular, spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you'll probably feel taired.
This could be good, allthough some people say we don't need all this time and we have to work more.
Another point is that we can meet friends more or visit our family if we have more free time and that is allways good.
In other words, it could be said that if we had more free time, our lives would become better, because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do thigs with our family.
Frome my point of view, having free time is perfect, because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase.
I study filology.
Now I am working as a jornalist at National Radio.
But instead I am writing abour stupid decorations, illnesses and other boring stuff.
Well, I have good news for you! I met a wonderful girl last weeck when I went to the cinema.
I want to introduce her assap!
Besides btilliant actors, they have incredible decor and it's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop.
Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring in business English, I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis.
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the temting point attracting me.
In addition, your cafe is conveniently located near my home, which takes about 10 mintues to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week. That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job.
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the meseum, and hope you can take time out to go one day!
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future. First of all, the means of transport will change. Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy. A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work. You will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinach-fuelled car.
I think that's the only negatieve point about today's television, because maybe there's too much choice!
When we were schoolgerls, we used to spend all our free time together.
To find out about other cultures and get new knowledge completly different from school.
On the other hand, maybe if we have a break before university, the routine of working and studing every day could break.
So when univerity starts, people will become busy, the routine will not be the same, and, as a consequence, the marks will be lower.
At first, I didn't belive that this place would be as amazing as she said.
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe: comfortable chairs and sofas, beatiful features and really good-tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of.
Althoug the most important thing is that there were not only friendy staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland, with Alice and the White Rabbit.
If TV programmes are a lot of rubbiss, it is because some people prefer them.
I had a great time with my friends, but I have a few comments concering the organisation.
However, there are a couple of small sugestions.
First of all, the vanue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find.
I would like to suggest hiring special animators wgo will entertain kids.
You should think about reducing proces or offering special discounts, for example, for students.
Yours faitfully
There, you will see beaultiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice vineyards.
Chinese, Spanish and Portuguese. None of those languagues are as popular as English is.
Brazillians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education.
Learning English as a foregein language will have a huge impact on brazillians 'professional lives, helping them to get a better position.
The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop students 'language skills more.
Learning English as a second language will help brazillians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers.
I love outdoor activities. I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now, and started motocross in 2010. Also, I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers. When I was a child, my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend. That was until four years ago, because he is no longer able to stay out of the city. But he taught me all that I need to know to suvive out there, so, I really know how to do things in the woods.
Third, public transportation sucks, when you think about it. You can picture the crowded subways, dirty buses, and the difficulty/ hussults of the public transportation transfers in your mind.
Secondly, Eveybody seeks safetiy in their lives.
Look around you, crimes and death are srounding us. All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness.
For that reason, I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than being sorry. I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down, saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satsfied with this life.
In conclusin, I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy, because you live a calm life without anything making you sorry.
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria. She is a very pretty and famous actress. She also writes a fashion blong. She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente, who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain. They have a daughter-her name is Daniela-and they are like a perfect family.
Therefore, she has everything good aobut being a celebrity, but the most important is that she is a great person.
By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy, people's demand hasnt 'stopped.
As technology enhances the life system in any way possible, people become more dependent and can't avoid it beacuse of many different attractions that these cars have.
Trafic jams will cost a lot, causing problems such as pollution, which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us, but for others as well.
The solution is public transport again, which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to accsess by subways and special roads.
To sum up, as thought cars are too covenient to some extent, but the cost will reduce the benefits.
I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in the USA summer camps.
This job would give me the opportunity to pactise my skills and get more experience with children as well.
The plot is about a man, Arthur, twenty-five yeras old, who is engaged to a nice girl.
The company requested him to go back three days later, so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recomemded him.
It is universaly accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable.
The doorbell rang insistetly. It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed.
What an amazing surprise! I was very emocional and was about to cry. "
In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age, I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quiker.
Also, it plays a freat role in removing the borders between nations. In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world, whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend.
Obviously, we cannot imagine how much time we spend online, because the whole day we are connected, in our houses, on moviel phones and on computers at work.
They have to realice that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have different diseases.
When the light sensor is in the shade, the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch, and when the sensor is exposed to light, the synthesizer's pitch rises.
I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials (since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies).
She explains that in the process of purefication, a large amount of coal and oil is burned, which pollutes factories rather than the environment.
He was the pastor of a Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination against black people in the Unated States in the 60s.
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segragation and inequality.
One of his most famous speeches was "I have a dream", where he discrives equality in society beetwing waith and black people, where all people can live together.
He was murdered in 1968, in Menphys. He was 39 years old.
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries, theaters and clubs, a few parks which priveds different events like open-air concerts or public muster-classes.
Wtite soon
Let us look at an example of a univesity student.
The student had a great number of assighment and projects, so he spent more time on accessing the libabry, becoming more ambitious to study books, and using a computer to search the for latest information.
Therefore, not only did he get high scores in the reports, having absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry, but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym.
At university, I also have a lot of assighments, so I like to go to the libabry to study, where it is more quiet, spacious and internet accessible.
It is a great life stage, but at the same time, it is difficult. Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families, with themselves. As a result, they don't know whah to choose.
Twenty years ago, no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives, but today, these items have become necessities of our daily lives. Nowadays, many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go.
To begin with, I am a fluent speaker of English. I worked in noumerous camps last summer.
As a result, I could be very helpful with oranising sports and activities, but I could also provide assistance in other places, including the kitchen.
The crucial point is the transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characters.
In our imperialist and capitalist world, we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities.
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or, unsurprisingly, missinformation.
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people, who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience.
However, both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philantropic way, but to get fame and popularity at the same time. Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising.
To clarify what the situation is, it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites, but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies, beliefs or thoughts. however, more or less reliable.
Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately.
Jon didn't usually go to the countru, so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid.
After drinking water from the bottle, he fell over on the gress and Peter saw that Jon's leg was broken.
There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately.
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it could happen in the real world sometime.
There you can see dinasours from prehistoric times.
It can be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no longer living.
By visiting museums we can learn interseting details about the history and culture of that society.
In addition to having lots of information, we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums, such as huge dinasours. You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit.
Every day in my town, people talk only about football becouse it can give you a lot of emotions.
On the other hand, my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona.
In the morning, everyone goes to their job by car, but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle.
For example, during a foorball match, if you make a mistake it isn't too important because you have a team which can remedy it, evin if ypu do nothing.
The most interesting is the art gallery, Oko Miasta, which is located in the city centrr.
What's more, in the middle of the biulding, there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers.
Furthermore, in the biulding of the art gallery there is a club Oko.
Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens, but it is also really extraodrinary: people can walk thered carpet and drink the most famous drinks.
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced by people of all ages and it's played more in countries like Britain, Argentina or Germany, than in Spain or Italy.
In my opinion, grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly.
Firstly, Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains, it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is a long way away.
The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend, creating an experience you will never forget.
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami, you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers.
Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolecents.
To conclude, Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord, you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller-coasters.
He is a soilder in the military in Thun, where he works as a teacher.
Then Robert smailed and giving his hand towards hers, said: 'I have missed you a lot'.
In addtion, farmers, huntsmen, fishermen and any other people that are used to living in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs.
Meanwhile, wild animals which have forests and wetlands as their habitas will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete. Endangered animals will be harder to find after the destruction of their homelands.
Also, there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals, such as cows, lambs, chichen to be fed.
To reduce the above problems, it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects.
In my opinion, there are a few advantages of shopiing.
Another good point of shopiing is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people.
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion, except Kate, his only best friend, who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream.
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time, something that could give a new vision of reality, and Kate started to offer some information about many artists.
She started to be a little bit nervous, she wasn't able to find any solution when, suddeny, she remembered that Michael's art had the features requested by her clients.
Michael was very excited because he finally had the opportunity to introduce his view of art throut his pictures.
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China, Japan, the USA and Oceany, Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child.
Kate was really angry and she oredered him to leave her room immediately.
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star's, but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population though.
It is their job to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country, but we don't need to know anything else about them, after they come home to spend some time with their families.
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior.
This film was about how a previous roberry which had been committed by Vin's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham.
As I see it, there are severeal ways to improve, it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day.
You may not think, it but when you are just thinking, you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity.
Using new vehicles, travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life. I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travling enjoyable.
Artifitual intelligence is one of the best ways, we can switch drivers to these vehicles.
We can also help by paying for our tickets. Yes, this is simple, but these companies need money to improve their businness.
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden relesead.
In this album, the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were performed too.
Since he took up office in 2002, Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil, taking more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty.
To curb corruption, new laws were created, instituions were re-structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society.
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula, a poor migrant from northern Brazil, overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own, priviliged, university-educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems.
Yout don't have to think about bus timetables and stops.
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travell by car.
It is really good. It is better than the previous novel, FSOGrey. I really mean it. It is not porn. BE GROWN UP PLEASE. If you don't want to read the "sex parts", just turn over the next page till it ends, that's all. I did that to finish that novel. This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful businessman, chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood, and he only refers to his birth mother as "the crack whore", which is related to his recent behaviour-BDSM. And the girl seemed very bored of her rountine life, innocent, didnt know anything about life. Apparently, THEY were so diffirent from each other, but somehow, some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple.
But most importanly, one should enjoy all of this fun.
I'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and, hopefully, we'll also find somewhere for you to work.
We'll visit the Hall City Tower, the zoo, the citadelle, and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees.
Concernig your work plans, I have an uncle who owns a farm, so I think we can arrange for you to work there.
They can barelly breath with all those photographers around them.
For example, when a fan follows a cab, she or he could be hurt, because the traffic is really unpredicable, or when there is a huge mass of fans, they could hurt each other.
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her, but when a papparazi hides in the car of a celebrity, he will get a huge pile of money for the photos?
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries, where their governments ban internet access for citizens. In other words, they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system.
So, this means we are getting less intimity and becoming more gossipy at the same time, as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites.
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction, but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise them.
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdoe.
She was on her way to the court where Michael was practing when she heard guys talking.
Then our trainer, Nico, shows us a lot of tipps and tricks.
This is an original and moving love story that has people who are agaisnt the relationship between the main characters.
Besise this, it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child might do to help people without being told the real truth.
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities, tourist atractions, enrionmental education, ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista.
Preserving, exploring the trails and beaches, encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractives to tourists of this wonderful coastal city.
Nevertheless, travelling by car could pose a real treath to public transport because it is much more comfortable.
It will even get more popular because it will be faster, more modern, and cheaper than travellng by car.
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city. I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clthes in the city, as well as some recommendations.
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes. You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected, but if you are a shopaholic, it will be woth it.
You will fall in love with them as they are pstel colured.
If the idea of a street marke does not seduce you, I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street, The Old Bag, where you can buy bags and other accessories, such as umbrellas, gloves and scarfs.
In addition, the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee iside while you are shopping.
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparations of price and quality.
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems, but not only this, it also shows some important values, like the importance of solidarity, group cohesion and the importance of not losing fait in dreams, even if the situation is withstands.
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so yoou need some time to prepare it.
The Televion of the future will be amiazing, because it will have a 3D projector, which means that movies will look extremely realistic.
You can see, for example, tigers, lions, zebras, birds, pinguins or horses.
If you were hungery, there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants.
In my opinion, sometimes stars 'behaviour is very suprising.
Film stars have very duties, for example, going to the parties organized by other people from show buissness.
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner. I have seen your life partner. She is so beuityfull. You both have a perfect match.
First of all is traffic jams; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road. Bisedes, public transport is overcrowded in rush hours. Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty.
On the one hand, if you belong to a school, you can participate by giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range.
Forthly, I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard.
First and formast, the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour, artwork and security issues.
The last but most important step is the ispection.
If the sheest is bad quality, it will be securely destroyed.
The "Di Roma reataurant" is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village, "Mono". It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food.
Public transport is not as valorated as it should be although a lot of people use it every day.
It's a big country and doesn't have many inhibitants.
Most people go to high school and unversity.
In Sweden, we have a lot of different people from different kultures.
The problem is that there are a lot of Swedish people that are razists.
Not the majority, of course, but there are many razists.
That can be really painfull for those who aren't from Sweden originally.
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons, and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking.
It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictious hotel.
Particulary when the owner gives orders to the waiter, these situations become hilarious.
Its shorters stories have a funny and relaxed time.
Fitst of all, the environment that belongs to both man and wildlife is going to lose balance in the ecosystem.
It means that more kinds of species are endagered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land.
As far as I'm concerned, it's critical for governments to take mesures to reduce the problems.
Firstly, relevant laws and principles should be put in place to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system.
In addition, supervision of the protecting steps needs to be undertanken by the government.
He still needs to find an ATM to withdrawl some money to pay for his appointment.
SEAWEED: OUR FUTUR
Thanks to a crowd-funding campaign, we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work.
Unforturnately, the process only works for twelve hours.
No matter where a famous person goes, he must realize that, next day, he will be on the front page of the newspepers with lots of rumours.
Beacuse, what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes?
We are all free people and everone deserves to have his own life.
I wish to express my dissastifaction with this course.
perphaps because there were too many people and also, the more people there are, the more space we need and the room was too small.
We felt hot and we had no refeshment facilities.
The hotel would be luxorius but everybody could come because the prices would be low, so the hotel would be always full. I think that many people want to go to a luxorius hotel but they can't.
The hotel would have many services and facilities, like a good reception, spa, wifi conection and pay-per-view TV in the rooms, a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine, a swimming pool, a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea.
I would like to hear the point of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotel.
One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her; I am not fond of musicals, but I went.
The peformance turned out to be enjoyable, with a lot of witty jokes.
After the show, I was introdused to one of the actors, who was my friend's cousin.
They can do nothing that can't be gossipped about.
Why don't we want to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to have a real private life?
"I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins" said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionar houses and having a party with his friends.
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood, furred for the confusion caused during the night, had called the police, who, without his knowledge, were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station.
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace and clean my bedroom. It's not much.
Peolpe have never taken into account that fact.
All in all, it seems that if such tiny changes are made, a huge help to save natural resourse will be done.
The main attraction here is absulotely the beach.
It's a nice beach with white sand and blue wather.
Perphas I'll describe our journey by boat round the island.
Subject: Opinion on what young poeple are interested in
clothes, not too hipi, but something comfortable.
time, then I suggest some other style. It has to be comfotable but
I have expenience of cooking and reception for parties/ functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children's school.
These was invalunable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for.
Also, I am availalbe to work for long hours at weekends.
They do not want to learn so much becuase they just watch movies for fun.
It is said that the main objective of telelevision is to entrentein people and make their free time happier.
It can be really frustriting.
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson, who worsks in a department store and is always planning how to make people's lives more comfortable and better.
Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better.
It was an angagement ring!
In Mexico, a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company. I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my contry. I know that you are someone who loves animals,
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out wheter there are any vacancies that suit you?
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak Englsih fluently.
A good ilustration of this would be children.
Mr Keffe, who lives with his wife in a housing commision home, is an old-age pensioner with no children.
Therefore, it would be greatly appreciated if you could organize a home visit and provide further assisstance for this family.
We tried to contat as many family members as we could.
My city, Valencia, is a touristic city situaded by the sea.
In addition, I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city, where you can do adventure sports, like canoening, climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters, someone and who watches comedy can lought all the time.
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe, but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibilty of scaping from one's current life by acquiring wealth.
Cohen's knwoledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational.
Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dolar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams.
Taxy is the first possibility.
Famous people have always been sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go.
Therefore, most of these famous people complain about this, but it is logical that all the media, television, radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them, because people are interested in them, in knowing what they are doing every second, in knowing who they are with, in knowing what they like or don't like, their hobbies, in short, in knowing everything about them.
In Italy there are few cities with an hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses.
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increasement of its use.
Overall, it is clear that the main causes of land degredation were deforestation and over-grazing.
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed, in Europe and Oceania, and, consequently, these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degreaded.
On the other hand, Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over-grazing, which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded.
For this resaon, this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded, with only 5%.
If a person wanted to trevel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice but to trek.
We can travel by air using aircraft; aeroplane, helcopter etc.
So, whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport, eaither by sea, by air, by land or on foot.
At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checkings.
When everybody had taken their photos, Emblem3 went backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it sterted.
Kitchens will be better eguipped, maybe with smart appliances, and people who can't cook will prepare the meal by themselves.
He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopolar.
Sooner or later, mariied people will get divorced.
In addition, public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment, such as Amsterdam or Tokio, there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers.
loverer.
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedeule. I have experience working shift days and weekends.
If you are looking for an enjoyning shopping day, Madrid is the best choice.
In Madrid, you can find clothes by the best desingners, such as Carolina Herrera, Dior and so on...
But don't be afraid if your budget is quite limited, because we have some places where you can find great colections at 50% off.
Nowadays, people's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalitation.
Globalitation started in the 20's, so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change. In my opinion, it is kind of good.
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time, because people don't want to face their real problems. Instead, they can see all the poblems happening in the world on their smartphones.
In the future, people will comunute via their computers, cellphones, and tablets, and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life.
Of course, there will be some more electronical things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now, and there will be some other gadgets.
To put it in a nutshell, we could say that our global world will be more electronical, and there will be more gadgets, but that won't change our lives dramatically.
However, others companies will dominte half of the projected market share in jeans next year.
They help me to develop and to see the world from a difernt perspective.
Many people think living in the counrtyside provides a better way of life.
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country. The authorities have arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly.
Another handy rule has been introduced, which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public udsage in each supermarket center. In these, people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere.
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town's sitizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy, healthy life.
'Gravity' is an otstanding, brilliant, sci-fi film, directed by Alfonso Cuaron, starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock.
After a long sequence of events, the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS, then, with a Russian spacekraft, moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG.
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang, so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon.
The more excited she was, the more dissappointment she had. Mimi caught sight of her lover kissing another young girl in his room.
As you know, in our country there's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclabe.
This is the main reason why our environment is being destoryed.
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly, such as, now it has a lot of condomedium a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station. That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes, so I didn't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital. That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area.
For this reason, this is the adventages of living in this area but because of many people in this area, traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area. So, in my opinion, this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area.
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psycologically difficulties; Pat's desire for his ex-wife cannot be fulfilled, while Tiffany cannot get over her guilt over her husband's death.
In these times, we can follow sbd's Twitter newsfeed, 'like' his Faceboog fanpage and, of course, follow news about those famous people.
Fisrt of all, remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess (Spanish omelette, fried chicken brest, sandwiches, chips...) and, also, you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming, jumping the waves, surfing and so on.
Furthermore, going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy ciy life, too.
However, documetaries are being forgotten and only twenty-six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost.
In Spain, the vast mayority of schools are state schools.
I am also a talented cook for kids. My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes, such as ommelettes, spaghetti and more.
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners, who are a family whose husband went to war and died. So the real ocupants of the house are Nicholas, an easily scared boy, his sister Anne, who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film, and their mother, who is called Grace and has a particulary obsession with catholisism.
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession. However, what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie, but in its final scene, there is a sudden change wich makes it more interesting.
I would recomend this film to anyone, even those who are easily scared, because it is not like the resto of the horror movies. It is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you were another character.
So it is a cuestion that requires deeper reflexion from all of us.
Wheter public transport might be the solution, or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it.
You do not have to wait for a specific time to cath the bus, for example.
However, a lot of people are becaming more and more consciencious about how important travelling by public transport is.
One of the most important reasons is precisily to take care of the environment.
I really liked working with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that tehnology.
Summing up, I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals.
He's been doing great in both academic and extra-curicular activities in the school.
On the one hand, we could live in a more relaxed way; on the other hand, we colud think about settling on other planets.
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft, created his own website which gave him enough money, and travelled wherever he wanted.
As you asked me, I prefer sailing on the river to climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature.
Though the modern cities are emerging repaidly, the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various.
Thered coral reef off the coast of Austrialia, for instance, serves as a shelter for algea and other tiny sea fishes and an index of enviroment fragility.
Due to the massive construction of five-star hotels on beaches, the biological chain there is cut off and enviromental variations are gone away.
On top of that, it is the regulation capacities of the enviorment for temperature, moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system.
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about, governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them.
Apart from the natural areas, the minimual areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured.
In this place, there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entratain children of every age.
Not only because of oil prices, but also the costs of enssurance, the car, the parking fees, etc.
In comparisson with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come.
What about lookig for colleges which offer Wi-fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch?
We have subjetive opinions; we normally judge because we have a preconceived idea.
For example, in work interwies and jobs that have direct contact with the public, it is better to wear a formal or smart style.
Overall, my personal opinin is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should.
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required, people should have the freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear, and it should not have consequences in our lives.
In countries like Mexico, some people have the opportunity to use Uber, which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card. It is an amazing service, but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber, so people have to use public transportation, no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly. In Mexico, the public transportation, in particular the cabs, are not a very secure services, because some of the drivers steal and kindnap, in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions. But despite this, it is very sad that in that place people cannot do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more, so they have to take public transport.
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, we were very sincere and close to each other, more than these virtual frienships prevailing today.
I have already exprienced one friendship through an organization, International Youth Service IYS, a charitable association established for youth friendship.
The best of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions. He will be the same for you.
Despite the bad weather, if you travellled by car, you could park your car near your destination, so that you could arrive comfortably.
I think that I'm good for this job, because I really sociallize with children.
Well, the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole rutine, so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax, so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day, so it is the one I like most.
I think there are things you need to plan because it's important for your life, but it depens on the situation, because I also like to let things be alnd let them happend because they have to happend, so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything. But if it's something related to my future or sometehin that will really afect me, I prefer to plan it, like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that.
David is always ready for a joke, but amazinly, he has the ability to appear serious.
I don't like to travel by boat, because it's unconfortable and it takes ages till you arrive at your destination.
Cordoba is a trhee hour train ride south of Madrid, and attracts visitors from all over the world
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Meca.
For a job, i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz, Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach, because at the sime time as you are on the beach, you could earn money.
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly, positive and talkative woman.
When he was little, he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following in the footsteps of his mom.
Every day, scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live, so that we are hable to pollute the planet less.
It sounds a little bit strange, but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes, we live a much greener life. Undoubtedly, there will be some changes but, because we know why we are doing it, there would be no problems.
We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain, an amazing castle or a tipical market in a town.
The film is about this CIA assassin who can't remember his past, but he knows he's being chased by the agancy.
It was so exciting and funny listenig to all those musicians, because some of them actually didn't have the skills to play and didn't have the charm needed to warm up the people.
I've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids. In Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because, if you are underage, parents should take responsibility for you, so it is better to be over 18.
To be honest, I'm not the best cook ever, but I can cook a few good things like scarbled eggs, pasta and meat.
One of my carachteristics is that I'm a very precise person. For example, I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer, and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything, hopefully, ends well.
I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psicology this year and I am available to work from July to September.
As for languages, I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluenly and recenly I passed the First certificate in English.
Furthermore, if I were you, I would go with joining a healh club.
You will not feel self-confident and happy, but your outward appearance wiil be better.
I arrived extremely exahusted, because I couldn't sleep the night before.
All day I was liying on the beach, talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them.
I'm Catholic. I believe in God, but I'm not very friendly with the Vaticano's rules.
Travelling by car is so much more conveniente if we think about small places such as villages or small towns.
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people's health and people's finances, I'm sure you'll change your mind about public transport.
On the other hand, it is possible to find hibrid cars, but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and, for that reason, this kind of car is not people's first choice.
Such policies will involve taxes on poluent cars, the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport.
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for--- laughter, romance, and tragidies.
We would buy next, impractical high-heel shoes, which will spend a couple of years in the wordrobe.
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping, is that in the mall could prowl many pickpokets, and they could rob us.
Interestingly, the pruchase price of "Carde" and "KD" is almost the same.
However, "Sebu" leads with a pruchase price of $ 1,000.
Wherby "Carda" and "Sebu" score with warrnty expenses of under $ 150.
As a long term investion, I would choose the "Sebus" model even though its purchase price is very high.
Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax.
Ater natural areas, such as farmland, forest and wetland, are destroyed on a large scale, there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit.
The building land is supporsed to be their home.
It will sabe lots of plants and animals. It will save the environment, so it will save you and me.
She had a feeling that her birthday wouldn't be oridinary.
Firstly, just after she went into school, they greeted her with a million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes.
Eventually, they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexceptable.
In my opinion, I recommend you to stop going to sports classes, because I think music classes are better, because you can also get a job in an orchesta or something like that.
Ever since a curse was put opon Ailee's grandmother, the girl has been living a daunting life.
Max was so anxiuos to see all the different kinds of wildlife.
Halfway through the trip, Max heard a wierd noise close by and he decided to see what was going on, but before he knew it, he was all alone.
Max coud not have been happier. "
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton (yoga of Thai hermits), learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand, and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga-Correct Approach to Spine school, the way of exersising I found the safest, the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded.
She was a foreign student in Palmira, in the north of Siria.
Then Stefan's daughter, Aurora, goes to live with three faires.
The three faires lead a prince, Philp, to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love.
After taht Aurora doesn't wake up.
Subject: Aplication.
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advirtised in last Monday's Daily News. I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience.
To begin with, evidently, technological progress has noticeably enhanced quality of individuals 'lives, controbuting to the economic growth of numerous nations.
one of the most ecxiting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014.
! If, (one day) I have the possibilty to do it, I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began.
I mean the timetable punktuality, time interval until tne next bus and so on.
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader in the chimical sector.
Try to be spontaneus and not too sliced.
Do not talk too much, as it is a sympton of anxiety.
I worked on that team more than ten years ago (new employee recruiments) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression.
I also teach childring at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it.
"Carne Enchipoclada" you need to choose the meat (pork tenderloin, beef steak or deer meat) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle with potatoes cambray. "
As a matter of fact, televiewers are not able to decide the script, but they can still decide to switch the television off.
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of "Best place to work in 2013", and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profits every year.
According to the CDC, the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the Unitated States.
This means that in the past three decades, obesity has more than doubled in children, same that had diseases just like diabetes, ashtma, cardiovascular risk factors, mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems.
I have little cousins and sisters so I'm very good with kids. I've experienced all kinds of situations, so I think they won't be a problema for me.
As I said before, I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entretained.
I'm also very good at sports. I practise trak& field and pingo pong, so sports aren't a problem either.
I'm an outdoors person, so I will be very happy with the accomodation. I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application.
The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world.
I did everything by myself because everyone had sometihng to do on their own.
I've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I havent lost the passion I feel for it.
Many people oday have pets of all kinds.
First of all, a pet is a friend for the family and, much better, is a memeber of the family.
One more advantage of qning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and carring.
On the other hand, there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big citiew.
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercize outside and not to be always in an apartment.
I have heard abou pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town, and that is terrible.
In my opinion, it might seem good to have a pet if we teke care of it.
All in all, qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully, ensuring all that the pet needs.
In the class, you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant. If you have any questions, then you should ask teachers to help.
I really do hope you get used to the neigborhood.
Neverthless, I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well, I still got confused.
Nowadays, people are aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out solutions.
Moreover, there will be important thecnological advances in our lives, like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day-to-day tasks.
Nevertheless, poeople try to save money by every conceivable means.
You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine, from sausages with chucrut to Gullash with spatzle.
Most of the paintings and photos are from Germany, because that town was occupated by German people many years ago.
Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university, but do we really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails?
It is also said that at the time of heading to college, those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relacionate with other students because they have got used to it before.
Many automobile companies are working for a new future of automobils.
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positiv effects with it.
At the moment, people who have got a handicap cannot drive a car by theirself.
In contrast, self driving cars are very expensice and many people cannot buy one.
Buses are the mai transport in my area.
If you are not keen on travelling by bs and you do not want to get the car out of the garage, taxis may be the best option.
conclution
The mayority of users are young or elderly, since they aren't old enough or they are too old to drive.
This is happening now, and we are not even fully devoloped in technoloy.
So, I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer depply through the songs which are on this amazing CD.
I do not agreee with the idea that there is no future for public transport, because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and, nowadays, a lot of people are conscious of global warmig and the envirnoment, and refuse to use the car every day.
There are a lot of benefits to public transport. First, you don't have to drive yourself, you can listen to music, read a book or wathever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic. It is true, too, that travelling on this mode of transport helps the goverment because you have to pay for it, and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enought for everyone.
However, so many people love having their own vehicule, a car, a bick, a moto, because this give you other kind of freedom, you chose the way, you chose the time, you chose the way in you drive it, the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you don't have to take a bus, for example, crowded with people, you can go alone in your car, or with whoever you want, but the important thing is that you choose.
In conclusion, we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons, but in my opinion, the difference between both of these is that in the secon you choose your own way.
Guys should not go snowbording.
Most people eat scrammbled eggs and drink a cup of tea.
As usual, I'm on a diet, so I prefer only yogurth.
In recent years, people's attidute has been changing.
However, public transport has been critised more and more in recent years because of its inconenvience.
Therefore, buses do not run as frequently or reglulary as they used to.
In the end, the public transport service needs to change to attract more people and to have a rosieer future.
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the envirnoment.
And there is a big universitary commnunity involved in recycling.
However, Granada cannot be considered as cycle-friendly. There are fewer ciclyng lanes than in other cities of a similar size.
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the envirnoment.
When the weather is good enough, close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinments.
That day was a terrible day for Michael. He woke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwhelming birthday party.
He did not answer at all, besides, he hit the chair near her, and unfortuantely, that chair hit her in a serious way.
I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page, for example, weather information, carrency rates or hot news.
Moreover, google map service needs some improvements, such as street names, map accuracy and more city panorams.
In my opinion, a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was orginally a German-owned brewery which has been brewering beer for almost 400 years.
It contains a liitle museum which is open for tours.
There you could buy some souvenirs-glsses, bottles, T- shirts, cups and, of course, beer!
They serve all meals in small portions, and they suggest that the servings can be shared, so everybody can try more itens from the menu.
As a result of this, many people are trying new opitions, like car sharing.
I'm a teeneger and nowadays I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something.
In the past, technology was poor and only a few people had a smarphone or a computer.
Here we have some of them: anemia/ anemia; rickets and malnutrion
The lacck of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire.
Its true atractiveness, in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art, is also its location, which is unique.
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer, I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance, which is celebrated in Genelalife's gardens, where you can enjoy amazing artists and orquestras in an unrivalled setting.
After that, the pringting process comes into play.
The most significant procedure is called inspection, which means mannual checking by special machines and staff, and then they are classified into 3 different categories, including good quality sheets, partially damaged sheets, and bad sheets.
Namely, Design, Preparation of matal plates, Printing, Inspection, Packaging and Distribution and Disposal.
process is inspectation, where the printed sheets are
If they are not very good, we can destroy them securely. However, a few sheets may be partially damaged. That doesn't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you with getting rid of the wrong sheets.
Remember when in school you learned the three esential things for living; reproducction, nutrition and interaction?
Well, humans have become more and more sedentary whith the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and mevement.
I might not have the tipical sportswoman body type, but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement.
My fabourite sport is tennis. Although it is not the only one I practise, it is the one I most like to play.
Apart from ovbiouslly having fun and socialice, the way you feel after running and burning feels really good.
Therefore, in the future, I will keep improving those abilities and become a more oragniezed person.
If you want to start practicising this sport, you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport.
Let me introduce myself. I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company called Acciona.
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my countrey and I am also extremely flattered.
It's one of the most beautiful castels, in my opinion, and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for, and that is Dracula.
He was actually one of the rulers of this countrey and his real name was Vlad Tepes.
And if you want to have some fun too, there are some fastivals that you might enjoy.
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live, so you'll have a place to stay, and for free.
I hope my advice was useful and I look forwored to seeing you next year.
For three years, I babisitted my neighbor's two daughters.
There have been rumors of the contruction of a Metro in our town.
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pulic transport in developed countries.
Modern megapolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles.
At the beginning of the 7th century, Cceres was conqueted by the Arabs.
At the end of the 14th century, Cceres was conqueted by the Romans.
Therefore, it is a multicultural and multirracial society.
The center of the historical city is the Big Square. There are mixed Arabs and Romas buildings, and two cathedrals.
My favourite restaurant is Chinnesse.
In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food at Food House.
I love swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful, you will feel well after thirty minutes in a pool.
Actually, this sport is very healthy, so some doctors are recomending this type of sport.
Afterwards, I will have the right to take part in the intarnational missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union.
Secondly, I am going to inform you about how our citizens are tryinq to keep the area clean.
-There are cleaning campagnes twice a year.
-Last year there was a campage to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village.
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our villge.
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separetely.
For a very long time I've been doing my best to separate rubbish, and then, it was a really bright summer morning, I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied into the same lorry with the other rubbish...
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago, as soon as I passed the exam, I started preparing for the cetificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more, both written and spoken.
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike, there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one.
It makes my every journey unpleasnt and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight.
But this mode of transport isn't so comfortable, esspecialy when we must travel onshore; then it's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river, the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks.
In general, the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the baskteball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled.
The workers are very kind and simpathetic and enjoy teaching.
Desadvantages
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxied, making the earth warmer.
Floods, droughts, and famines. All of these have great effects on humans and animals. For instance, the loss of properity, the disappearance of people, which is not good for the development of human beings.
Finally, governments should ues the space properly, for example, making plans before building buildings, estimating the effects on humans and animals.
I think I could be the right person for this job. I'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids, play with them and take care of them. I always have fun with them.
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snaks.
However, aquaintances of hers, the students at the University, comforted her.
Surprisingly, when you are practicing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too, so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it.
Personally, what I can say is that practicing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it, it also happens when I am watching it, especially during the World Cup.
Curiously, there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport, so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch, because it not only prevents you from suffering from spraid or other kinds of injuries, but keeps you active to keep the level of your game.
It is a majestical castle conviniently located on the river.
First of all, they are supposed to be desighed with great care and many considerations, such as the background colour, artwork and security issues, all of which are crucial for bank notes.
Next, it will come to the most improtant step, inspection.
The next step is the most important and it involes inspection, which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process.
One of the measures that we, as world citicens, can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others.
This is causing diseases and alergies that are affecting the citicens.
Enginers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly, but even so, we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution.
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving throuhgt cities.
Some of these oave the same aims.
Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carbon dioxide and will help the earth to recover from those disorders.
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient.
It is importatnt when we work or study in international areas.
I think that there are not many disandvantages of learning another language.
Also, I found some books on the internet with Crambridge's exams.
The Forbidden City, one of the most famous museums in China, has opened its online version to the public, which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time-consuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates.
Once I visited a museumm to find some pictures of cave painting in France, but when I went to France to see the real painting, I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were.
Admittedly, a museum has its owm merits; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphazised as a symbol of a country.
A documentary, a book about the culture is cheap and easy. We can consider it an ecomomical method.
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknowed country, a museum is not a wise option.
Machines can tell us lots of imporatant information.
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are like in the American films but they are very inconfortable.
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena, which is a caribean and tropical city.
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoctor position during his military service.
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoctor position this fall or winter, and then he can work abroad after finishing military service (August 2015).
In terms of protecting the environment, taking public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion.
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emmition.
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses. perhabs we will be living under water?
Many buildings, like skycarpers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground, and that is not extraordinary, but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun?
The marketing departerment also gave me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook.
In my opinion, the obsession with business trasforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career.
The last point that has changed people's lives is the tendency to have the same thougths or the same goods.
Yes, they will, and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the cosciousness that we are not "supreme" and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world.
To my mind, the beautifulness of music does not depend on its varieties.
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes: mountains, beaches, lakes, and you can enjoy adventure activivities, for example, trekking routes, climbing, bungee jumping, surfing... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go.
However, I recommend travelling to Extremadura in spring or Autumm because in summer it is too hot.
In Extremadura, you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfrage Nacional Park or Tajo-International Natural Park.
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags, bottles that end up floating in the sea because humans don't take care of their environment, and all this is causing loads of acuatic animals to die.
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through differnet eyes.
There seems to be nothing better, nothing more interesting, exhiliring, breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport.
It's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries, so it's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor!
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market, which very often catch our eye, but I definitely want to warn you against them!
The "Mariahilferstrae" is the perfekt place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls.
Espacially on a rainy afternoon, the "Donauzentrum" and "G3" are the prefekt way to spend your day.
I'm also a volonteer for the Red Cross, so I'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events.
We don't have to think too much about almost anything, needing no person for company since we have all these distractive devices for entertainment and relaxation.
I'm really glad to know about your future plans. I definitley think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures.
I worked in the OIL MINSIRTY's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field.
Just do not order the pancakes, because they do really bad pancaces.
There are about a thousand animals and in the midlle of it is a gorgeous castle.
Their novels have a lot in common: first of all, the plot is usually pretty complex (as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte), and so are the characters, who are always well described, especially on a psychological level. Furthermore, both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class.
If they want to use it, they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial to improving their knowledge.
Nowadays, it's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport, but it's not true at all.
As for the pullotion, it could be reduced if people used public transport; it is well-known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car.
They can't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and papparazi.
Sometimes, famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces wihout any make-up appear on the Internet.
As a result of this, many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivated to push themselves beyond the record.
You certainly will learn to fail and win, but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up.
It usually starts with small talk or compliments, as at school I was taught that expressing appritiation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationship.
Now the question uder discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages.
It's not a secret that gas, insurance and reparings are costly.
Safity issues are also very important.
It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirthy cars with a single person inside.
Moreover, cities 'authorities encourage the development of public transport because it creates employment, lessens the impact on the environment and contributes to road safity.
He knew that Peter was a little bit irisponcibile, but he thought that the arragement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong.
But there's something in her big bright eyes, circled with long brown eyelashes and frecles, that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing gaze.
Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from miniscule to vast has made adverts all-pervasive.
Local people were invited and a talent competiton was held.
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP-Logical Programming Teaching Group, that, with the local city hall of Araraquara, aims to transform the city into a national technology, research and software producing center, accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and alghoritms to kids, diminishing future evasion in many exact science courses.
It was aweful.
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next, but I wasn't ready to make that descission back then, so with the agreement of my parents, I decided to take a gap-year.
I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually teriffied me.
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a descission about what I want to do next year. I am going to study at the university.
Even though they are well known, they have a right to have free time and they should be albe to spend it however they want to, without anyone disturbing them.
The idea of the sublime that Wordswoth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime: forms of nature that inspire feelings of awe, danger or weakness.
There is also a food court on the third floor, catering to all sorts of customers, as well as a few restaruants on the first and second floors.
Another shopping option is the main streeet in the centre of Via del Mar, which used to be more popular in the past, but which was displaced by the shopping centres.
I've always liked to play with kifds and do fun activities with them.
Away from busy and noisy roads, the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houess and shops in light colours and with old-fashioned roofs.
Travelling across the Atlatic Ocean, for example, requires an airplane or a ship.
Fortunatley,
Hundreds gather there, parking spaces are full, again facing long queues in stores-no matter how unpleasant it souds, it is the reality nowadays.
Afterwards, some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home, it causes more tension and disimproves your mood!
On the other hand, the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions, without any rush, they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes, best quality garmets, stylish items.
On the other hand, searching for your favourite brands, non-seasonal products, some special goods, just looking through shelves, trying the garmets on, asking for advice, testing products, there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase.
Fortunately, this unnavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore, as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home.
As a shy person, I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interacion.
I am at home in my lovely house, where I love every detail of the interier, where everything is in its place.
My kids are proud to have parants like me and my husband.
Friends, colleagues, family all thes people who were next to me on my way to this wonderful day.
Much shorter than their fellow tennis players, they have always been able to compensate for their physical shortcomings with an extremely good tecnique accompanied by a strong head.
You must never surrender: until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground, you have to keep fighting, regardeless of the score.
Nonetheess, it helps to shape your own personality.
She is regreting because their relationship got worse and it wasn't what she supposed it could be.
With this in mind, money would be spent on constructing a running track where no-one would have to worry about traffic or obstacules in their way.
Conclusin
The lecturer's second argument invovles capturing and destroying the toads using volunteers.
One of the main advantages of cutural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability.
My study plan is to untertake a pre-university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas.
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education sytem that should be taught to students.
Trash distribution, using green products that repect the ozone layer, not wasting water and many other actions.
For exapmle, we can take at least one family member with us.
When it seemed impossible to catch him, a girl, who was crossing the street in a wheelchair, crashed into the thief and he fell down on the paviment.
DYI Classes
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms, without their parents, they are oblidged to fix malfunctions by themselves.
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match, since its flexible rules, no-coach system, intensified relationship between the player and the crowd, and reduced number of participants widen and complexify its field of possible actions.
But still, our customs have evovled a lot.
Due to the geographicall conditions where Japan is located in the Pacific Ocean, people here have adapted to eating raw fish and like to offer it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants.
Successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express oueselves precisely and interpret the information accurately.
They are courtous and industrious.
And then severything had crashed.
Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instaed to what she was saying...
Her voice was weak and fleble as she said ".. and I was really depressed, you know, and then I thought... we always talked about going to India... and I thought... maybe we could fix everything.. so.. I'm just asking.. will you go to India with me?"
In the case of politicians, I don't mind what they do on their holdidays, for example, if they work properly when they should.
I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens, so I think we (as citizens) have the right to know eveything they do if we want.
I had to take care of other volounteers.
Dealing with other people is the hardest part, escpecially when they're the same age as you.
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside, a car is irreplecable for families with children or animals.
She used to live in a flat, so she had never disovered how different and beautiful the world was.
Therefore, one should not waste time watching tem.
In these cases, TV is undoubtedly bad entretainment.
If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time, I recomend you to watch "Now you see me".
So if you enjoy magic tricks, surprises, very handsome actors and splended actresses, why would you miss it?
But, let's face it, doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers, being kidnapped by aliens or singins a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga.
We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Gemany.
To help with this issue, the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is confortable, and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation, helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster (Snowball, 2012).
Also, I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sightseens, to feel the culture and speak to nice people!
If you prefer shopping outshide, taking a trip to King Street would be the thing to do.
If you want typical souvenirs, you can go to Buckingham Palace, you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonnable price.
I have a high level of spoken English, as I have been learning it since early chidlhood.
Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with steeril seeds, encourage non-sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era.
In many cases, volunteers are crucial to helping support life, as when meals are delivered to homebound people.
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my reneues started growing.
It turned out that they sent my work to a few Instituts and one of them was interested in me.
When you use a technique or defense against a technique, you control your body's movement and coordinate them to work at the same time.
I throughly enjoyed the lesson and, according to student feedback, so did they.
I suggest visitin the Vatican, as I said at the beginning; the country inside the city.
On the one hand, I have been learning English for so long that my good profeciency has given me the chance to get a position in an international team.
On the other hand, I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months, because I was curious to learn the oficial language of the countries where friends and relatives are living.
The writer lets us observe the fear, anxiety and the defenceslessness of Sam, a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation, sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he doesn't know anything about claims to be his wife.
In Korea, we have many kinds of work which are related to English, so you can get a job easliy.
If you get the intership, you can work as a real businessman.
Sheets in the second group then get seperated into good ones, which, together with good quality sheets, enter a process of packaging and distribution where seperate notes are cut and finally enter the market, and bad ones, which go to disposal with bad quality sheets, where both groups get securely destroyed.
First of all, let me tell you the adavantages.
She nooded and made another effort to look around.
The other person wasn't convinced, howewer.
"He made sure his voice was heard on the streets, to reafirm his social position.
The couple nooded and showed the ID of the man from the other city.
The receptionist nooded and conducted both to the main hall.
It is in these moments that I give it my all and realize that all the pratice I had really paid off.
I am a cheerful, energetic and hardworking person, and I am also a very responsible person, able to deal with small and medium groups of children, and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the potition advertised.
First of all, in this film you don't see a gangster Al Pacino. It's about a retired army coonel who suffers from loneliness and depression.
There is a great public transport syste.
He used to dream about him coming into his bedroom, laughing out loud, showing off his sharp teeth, threating him with the most horrible punishments.
Secondly, public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus, thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the enviromnent.
Without the routine that studying gives you, with all the dealines, the exams, and other stuff that force you to get things done, and, as a consequence, teach you to be a responsible person, which you will need to be when you get a job, you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break.
One thing that I've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to, due to fatigue or for some other physical or pscychological reason, otherwise you will be, I repeat, just wasting time, time that you could be spending in a usefull way, by getting something done, or improving yourself academically, intelectualy or doing whatever you think can enrich your life.
I like to beleieve that, like the old Latin proverb says (and I have already said this), there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships on his path.
I hope you don't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddie.
I am writing in reply to your advertisment published in the local newspaper for the vancancy of Junior Chef.
Moreover, I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me with not only practical but also theorical knowledge.
Furthermore, I alwyas try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur.
I have fond memories from my childhood. She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or difficult times, even when she was not feeing well.
Dancing requires a lot of things, like cordination, flexibility, and physical fitness, just to mention a few.
This can range from the rules your parents have set for you, to the laws created by the governmen.
And, of course, to add an extra actvity to my CV as I usually do every summer.
I must say that not all of them are veru easy to work with.
However, I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedomn, you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way.
It is known, that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour, and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere, but an interest in someone's private life, when the person doesn't want it is basically a synonim for trespassing.
If there is any problem with the cash registrer (very common, actually), you have a phone number under it of a good technician.
He was following an important European summint on environmental issues.
Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people's lives and their surrouding.
-access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car; though initially it might look like a huge disbursment of money from the community, in the long term it shows itself to be the most efficient way to travel!
This kind of action, when peformed collectively, requires coordenation of efforts and an abitity to work together, two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world.
If you play footbal, you know how to act when in a team.
Also, footbal is a physical game.
In times of escalators and cars, it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement, velocity and strenght.
In fact, it can be argued that the human virtues are a by-product of conflicts and fights; that they are those character traits that we aknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition, be it for a trophy or for a country.
In a club, you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as are necessary for a match.
My name is Aly Meeuws. I am 16 years old. I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future, so this would difinitely be a great experience for me, especially for my English and being away from home.
Besides that, I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home, so working in the kichens would not be a problem at all.
Finally, it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technoogy.
Namen and Kinnison (2012) indicates that "the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include (1) creaction of an online identity, (2) establishment of relationships between users, and (3) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes".
On the other hand, on Facebook, people can share pictures, vdeos and thoughts without restrictions.
Furthermore, some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a vdeo of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects, and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication.
For example, while women think about millions of things like what they want to do or have to do during the day, men just do nto think about anything and can be like that for hours, just whith a blank mind.
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man's mind, and depending on her, he is going to be a sexist or not, he is going to help and be an honor man or not, he is going to be a good and caring father or not, he is going to be a responsible human being or not.
Women do not knoe their importance for the future in their own homes.
I found this movie both exciting and emocional. Both thumbs up for me!
We regulary organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film.
For example, with every film seen, our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions, particularly as we always have discussions aroud a subject related to the film.
Also, our monthly speakers are exellent. For example, last year we invited a well-known actrice, Janet Hewitt, to share some of her experience on Broadway.
Unfortunalety, organising these kinds of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough.
Being founded in 1920 by our well-known alimni, John Carter, the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college.
The fact that everyone from the community cand participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community.
We hope you will be ablte to take all this into account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us.
It was a hot summer's day, everyone was walking to their usual destination; work, school, to buy some groceries, pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleanners. Everyone except Peter.
In her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael's new shirt when he bumpped into her.
One second later, Michael was covered in coffee, burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was twinking until it finally turned off with a dying flash.
In this article a teacher refltcts on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English.
The most effecnive way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end.
Some learners will not want a spiaking part. You could even ask them to be promters.
Also, they can see how much language they can produse.
Regarding my academic experience, I am currently completing my degreee in Primary Teaching and Psycology at the University of Valencia, Spain, where my current speciality is misbehavioral children.
So far, I have recieved excellent grades in all sabjuects, and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester.
Encoled you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates.
It was from the most dangerous and terrifyng gang in the village.
That was the first crime I comited and here I am now, in jail.
If you like animals, you'll ejoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can.
However, I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsably, according to one's personal needs.
Before the trip started, the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was imposible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft.
When you are sitting in the plane next to your instructor, with your legs hunging and your arms crossed It makes an indescribable impression on you.
And obviously, you shouldn't be afraid of hights to enjoy skydiving fully.
My colleauges are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them.
Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfuntional.
In these cases, jounalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more.
During this period, the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities, and the modernisation of leisure faclilities.
She was walikng around the city thinking about the job she just got.
Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed ndoing before the accident took place.
This is an easy word to understand, but it hides more than the defination says.
I have 5 years of experience of managing, PR/ marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies: "Barbie", "The Children's World", "My Toys". In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys.
These images became the subject of Feurer's eponymos book, lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs, illustrating his five-decade-long career.
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted lst week in our school.
Improvemnts to socialising opportunities
Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedulle of activities: job, children, housework, fun, free time...
By the time he arrived at the rivershore, some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch.
I remember the warmth of twilight, wnich lures you to the heart of this town.
I remember children, running about the small squares in fronf of the cathedrals; elderly people in wheelchairs...
Nevertheless, when you are learning a language, it brings confussion.
As a concecuence, he had no money to pay for a sod, so he was thirsty all morning.
Tom was getting really anxious, worryng that he would never make it back to his job. At 2pm, the flight arrived.
Also, in Red Square one can see the Muasoleum, which is can also be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country.
A corious fact is that, out of the five most popular sports in the world, only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that's exactly what sets it apart from the others.
While watching or playing any kind of sport, there's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time untill the clock runs out, the game becomes dull and boring and you can't enjoy the excitment that only the up-tempo style of play can provide.
The bottom line is; a fast-paced game is a much more exciting experince for players and viewers than a slow paced one and that makes the "shot clock" fundamental to the dynamics of the game.
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desireable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations, and the combination of the two is the only way to success. So if you want to be a good player, you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and surveing the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you.
The "10,000-hours rule" is said to have a scientific basis, in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that stablished it.
A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland, espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children.
But now, they have told the whole world about it, some of them are now considered as heroes in Insrael for what they did during those hard times.
As the population grows exponentially, the resouces fail to do the same.
The hard truth is that until somenoe has to face the situation himself, it's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wasting energy, food, materials, water...
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay. You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful conuntry.
Kyiv is a good destination for shoppoholics.
The best manufacturers of clothes, linnen, accessories have their shops there. Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby.
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impresse with interesting design ideas and unique styles.
Even though their relationship was of the quarelling type, everyone around them, friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair were as solid as a rock, and despite the ups and downs, love had always won in the end.
Frist of all, the biggest problem is that the world's resources are extremely unequal.
Secendly, with the increasing of the earth's population, the areas of farmland are also decreasing.
People in economically developed areas are in pursuit of the perfect life and the people in undeveloped areas are strving.
Grandma's wrinkled face can be horrofying at night.
After an hour Mindy was holdin her baby- girl and Peter was trying to realize what had just happened.
This kind of transport is regarded as a covenient way to travel.
However, I disgree with this idea.
On the one hand, it is enviornmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars.
Although I rarely watch the show on TV, I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring nes so vivid and interesting through short video clips, pictures and their choice of words.
They had all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful, old-fashined dresses.
Its historical importance lies in the fact that this place represents the fall of the Muslim kinddom in my country.
After a few drinks, I told him that I'm currenly looking for a job, nothing big, just a couple of hours during weekends to make some money for my journey to the Netherlands.
It's literally 10-15 hours on Friday nights and Saturdays, stuff like carrying instruments (which means hanging out with musicians), tyding after (finding things, like wallets and cellphones) and, generally speaking,-helping.
I'm a chemist, I can't kill people becasue I want to.
However, their whole lives will be turned upside down when an elegible bachelor and his friends set up home in a nearby mansion.
Friendship is overall an acto of will.
Friendship is a type of love which is characterized by being incondicional, reciprocal, and ready to forgive each other.
Since ancient times, public transport has existed, and it suffered numerous assassination attempts. In China, for example, the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport (at that time, charriots) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against the Mongol's dictatorship on it; the situation was reversed in an early socialist regime when, in 1960, Mao considered personal cars an instrument of opression and symbol of devilish capitalism.
Convenience has litlle to do with the fate of public transport. Countries with high HDI (convenience to be drivers), like Germany and England, are those with better public transport systems, and they are even boosting them.
Hi! My name is Alexia, I am twenty-three years old and I live in Argetina.
As I have alrealdy said, I play sports, and that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities.
I learned how to cook when I was eight, so I am pretty confidente and well prepared.
Bad sheets and bank notes will be securely destroed.
My goal, I decided then, was to become a pilot when I grewn up.
My mom has a kindergarden and I love helping her out.
Every summer I help on my mom's summer camp, but it's a summer camp for babies and I would like to work wth older children, because I think it's more challenging. I would love to work at any place across th US.
I am very good at artistic things, such as, drwaing, painting, cooking, dancing and a lot of other things.
My cousin, who is studying English Literatura, told me that you have much more freedom when you start university, so don't worry!
Lnguage itself also becomes vitally important: the boy s 'speech is peppered with made-up words that highlight the isolation.
There must be something very special about a movie when, after the third time, you're still leaving the cimena thinking "I have to see it again".
Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini (who also wrote and directed the movie) in the main role of Guido, this life-affirming tragi-comedy is about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of nazims in the Italy of Mussolini.
To achieve this, Guido creates an imaginariy game for his child once they are deported to a concentration camp.
The strength of the movie relies on the goofy, loving, eccentric character played by Begnini, his exceptional comic talent and his ability as a director to deal with such a delicate topic as Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line bettween comedy and drama.
Honestly, I could not agree more, as the website as it is available today is an inconvenient tool providing insufficient informaton.
If you haven't been yet, you should definetly do it. I promise you will love it!
But most teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or erderly people.
Sometimes it happens that a couple who have a child aged from 12-16, querls.
Tennagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school, future job, which way they will goin their life, if they want to be in a relationship with someone.
Thirdly, I do not have to be concerned about the loss of qualitiy of photographs and pictures.
When we thouhgt that the night had ended, we had the perfect dessert.
One of Slovenia's qualified somnelliers will help you choose from the good wine cellar, so this is the place where I recommend our class can relax, eat, drink well& enjoy the happy atmosphere.
For example, in India nd China the technological advances have enabled them to mass produce really affordable cars, which are also imported.
After aeting a delicious salad and drinking tea, she went to her room to do her hair and put her make-up on.
Lancaster is situated close to the Irish Sea und just around the corner you will find the stunning Lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks.
If youe leave the main roads and turn into the little alleys, you will find charming tea rooms and goregeous antique shops with a wide range of antique goods.
I did that for three summmers and I still help out at my parents 'restaurant when a they are in need of a hand.
from her outter appearance, she seems like a little girl.
Talking about her outter appearance, one can easily see that Scout is not "the usual" girl.
Instead of celebrating it, she somhow inhibits Scout's learning.
The most important ones are probably hotchpotches: mashed potatoes and vegetables, often combined with smoked sausage.
In today's intercultural world, one of the best assests people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from their own.
However, it is probably a truism that reading about or watching films about a country are only pale subsitutes for actually going to visit a place and experiencing the differences yourself.
The article "Stairways to Heaven: Gothic Architecture, Heavy Metal, and the Aesthetics of Transcendence" is an unparallelled one in terms of the discussion it provokes.
I conpeted in singing competitions when I was younger and I took acting classes.
And finaly, the moment was there, the opening night.
I put on my costume and walked on stage. I had to wait untill the curtains opened.
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprensive skills, and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable.
Kachl's Park is a perfact place to spend some time walking along paths, sitting on a bench, talking to each other.
Security against terrorist atacks was promised to be stepped up, but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras.
If you have strong neves, do your window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zrich.
Usuallly he was energetic, full of confidence, ready to party.
He was not stupid, but you could not expect any perls of wisdom from him.
However, all the people in his neighborhoor feared him because of his past.
In this way, he moved to his new neigborhood where everybody respected him.
Although he had been trying to hide this, his personal problems were ovbious and Magda didn't feel happy with him.
This means you can set the time you want to leave, because you do not have to respect a specific timebable.
This way you will have the chance to have a more relaxing journey through the countryside, traffic will not be so intense and aggressive, and finally, you can plan the time you want to arrive, using a GPS or other technolology to help you plan your journey.
To sum up, travelling by public transport can be advantageous when you travel inside a town, but when you have to travel outside your specific territorry, nothing is better than a car.
You can tell because eyerybody looks at her like she is some crazy murdering kid.
If I have to, I search the web for information and implement it but it requieres time.
His name is John, and like me he is doing a degree in Phisics Engeneering in the hope that someday he can work at a research center, such as CERNE, convinientely located a few miles away from his house.
But getting used to the Internet's rules of comunication, they might find it difficult to face up to reality, and make friends in the real world.
Using messages, people forget to use grammar or even form full sentances.
There is also a building which can be considered an interacive museum.
In a very interesting way you can find out somehing about the history of Siemianowice and about mines.
One day I dreant that I was a millionaire. I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful city, maybe in a city like Seville.
I enjoy partcipating in debates.
If you would like to take my appliciation further, then I would be pleased to hear from you.
All in all, I think this woould be the best restaurant for our class to go to, since it's close to the school, it has good prices and a friendly ambience.
You only live once and wasting such a great possability is unthinkable.
We are slowly but inesorably loosing readiness to solve problems, unless we can surf the Internet, so that even a single day without technology would turn out to be a nightmare.
In my view, we should all riconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives.
In addition, my knowledge acquired by managing a bar and a certificate in hygeinic food handling will guerantee a clean environment in your bar.
Now we are going to evaluate the main charactheristics and differences between a pellet stove and a pellet boiler.
As mantion above, the heat is necessary to warm up the air that, thanks to the fan, will be blown out to the room in order to warm up the external ambient (e.g. room, bathroom, kitchen...).
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove. The difference is that, instead of a fan, here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house, so it needs a pump to do that instead of just a fan (the pourpose of a fan and a pump is the same: move fluid from a point A to a pont B, but in one case, you have to move air and in the second case, water (they have a different density: water has 1000 times the density of air).
Then with TVs, information started to spread faster and faster until our contenporary instantaneous reports from across the world in the palm of our hands.
Sometimes, it seems we have reached the pinacle of existence.
I'm sure the pharaos of Egypt felt that way when they gazed at the Pyramids.
Firstly, online learning conveys flexibility in its shedule.
Studentd can attend courses when they decide, but always respecting due dates.
Consequentlu, both learning options have their positive and negative aspects.
Publis transport is always going to be slower, less flexible and much less convenient, but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet.
These people believe that ver the next few years we will see a severe decline in the number of people using buses, trains, trams, etc. to get to places.
In my opinion, this is dissapointing for a number of reasons.
Imagine going to work on a rainy day: you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag, the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt on your stilleto while you are making your way to a bus stop.
He walked up to her room, where she was comfortly sleeping in her bed.
When I was in school I used to go to my granparents 'home to have lunch because my parents were at work. I fondly remember my gandma's great cooking skills that she still has to this day.
By the time my high school years were done, and when I attended university, I developed a certain predilection for typical healthy Spanish food, unavoidibly combined with less fast food due to the usual dinners with friends.
The cost of the waste disposal service depends only on the volume of non-reciclable waste produced.
There are also public conainers for glass and clothes all around the village.
Michael had a chemestry test the next day, but he wasn't in the mood to study and so he decided to call Alex, his best friend:
-Souds great.
Michael grabbed his coat and creept out of his house in order not to wake up his parents.
He remembered that he still hadn't studied for his chemestry test.
If we think about it, the car is better because we don't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground, but on the other hand, cars cust more money than public transport.
In a car, we can just be by ourselves, which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we don't need to be around people that are unknown, but if we choose public transport, we can meet friends or family, so both modes of transport are good, and cars don't need necessarialy to bring an end to public transport.
But, even if it's true that it's the fastest option, you must be very carefuly when it's time to get off a plane.
If you are looking for confort and relaxation, obviously, you have to take a boat.
There isn't any comparation with watching the changes in the landscape through a window, enjoying the route that you are taking and, the best part, the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days.
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable. I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer.
As I didn't find anything, I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about. So as I continued to go to his house, I noticed he would alays go to tehe same house, s I decidec to follow him to the house and I foun out he was dating a girl. She might be his girlfriend, so I finally gota an idea. I would drive him crazy just as he did me. That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him. But soon i thougt about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united, so I decided to drive them both crazy, almost to the brink of death, just as he did with me!
I screamed. My anger had dominated my mind. I didn't have any control over my actions. I was afarid of what I had become and what I could do, but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisaction I would feel when I finally had my revange. The best revange.
But I was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible, and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering I had been throug became stronger and greater. I had made a decision and I was goingo to do it. If he dedicated 4 years of his life to tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy, the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and I won't stop until I have acomplished my goal.
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology.
I am interested in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen.
I always simle at people.
I want to play with children and see their simle all day.
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and, with low budget private cars in the picture, the scenario has ddrastically changed in the past 10 years.
At our school or villiage football stadium I spend a lot of time every day.
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport: "You must believe in yorself".
Hallo my firend,
You regret that you weren't there with me. I'll try to dicribe everything precisely, becouse I know that you very
It was a long time ago, but, I still keep the rhthym in my body!
Around the city, you can find many places where people throw frigo, ovens, "amianto", old things or furniture.
I remember, when I celebreted my 15th birthday, only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party. I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life.
I'm lerning a lot and the students are very friendly.
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam, and it's very dificult.
Technology has chanched people's lives a lot. In fact, we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents 'or our grandparents' lives. For example, my parents didn't watch TV, because there wasn't any TV in the world when they were young. But that isn't the only difference: we can think about the mobile phone, the computer and finally the internet. Our grandparents couldn't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives.
So the best way for them to travel is public transpotations.
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of eneny to protect his own life.
In conclusion, investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably. Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future can't be replaceble.
Are you free at the weckend? Have you got any plans?
If you are interesedt, meet me at 8 o 'clock near the cinema entrance.
Jason is my friend, he is drunk and he also dances with his girfriend.
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen, he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now-so in his eyes, he learned how (not) to act in that case.
Apart from eduational content, there is so much bad content, business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens won't be able to tell right from wrong.
First of all, you need to be able to afford to buy it. After that, you must pay for the asurance, road tax, and mechanic's bills, and so on.
On the other hand, with public transport, you only have to pay for the ticket, you don't have to drive, and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breacks down, it isn't your responsibility.
The next day, Huck went to Tom's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill, so the two boys considered like an andventure.
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices, so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking.
So he went back to Sarah's house and cleaned the whole bathroom, but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that, so before Michael entered the bathroon she said: "I know what you left there" and Michael went running to the bathroom.
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad.
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and, before the operation, he came with me and, every day, I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais. I hated that!
I have a dog and its name's Chente. It is a golden retriver.
Also, I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis. He is twenty years old, his personality is dinamic and funny.
My mom and my dad are goog people.
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people. We are searching for someone who can impress everyone, also someone who can give the customers good atencion and service.
It is easyier than you think.
Every Sunday, we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves.
Meanwhile, we recyling inorganic rubbish too.
First, I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future, because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom, which is quite impossible on public transportation.
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation. As a consequence, generally, people avoid travelling by public transportation. Finally, I can say that there are various modes of transporotation avaliable
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government. As a result of this, the consumer gets more benefits, like lower faire, privacy, freedom and safe travelling. In addition, many automobile companies launcing new cars at affordable prices, which encourages people to use more and more private vechile.
Usually there are generational problems; sons don't understand parents and vice versa, but by dialoging and listening to emotions and facts, everyone can have another point of view.
It will be very cool to see the las part of Mokingjay!
In my opinion, it's very difficult to fnd this advantage with other sports.
He took the money the next day, he finished the registration and started writing the story. After spending a long time writing and doing a good job, he went to give his story to the international student magazine office. He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled. He came back vey sad and told me what had happened. Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake.
The vandalisme in Patras has increased a lot.
In my opinion, the police should stop the Vandalisme.
What they will doin future they see as in a fogg.
Secondly, such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional sphears.
Also, they would have an opprtunity to be involved in volontier work.
This year-long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new energy for further education.
I believe that there is no future for public transpot, using trains is mor convient and less expensive, so to decrease the carpon gases which are affecting the ozone layer, people should be aware of the effect of using public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment. goverements should encarge people to use other modes of transport. This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encrage people to use the wrigth mode of transpot.
Because if we are Chinese, why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our owne culture through a foreign language?
Woolypools is a speciallist of meal, it's a meal restaurant.
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations, a lot of agricultueal land, forest and ocesn has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks.
To start with, there are a wide range of problems it may leadding to.
Additionally, people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs, which will distory the ecosystem, diversity and biodiversity, especially the endangered species.
In light of the problems mentioned above, there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem. First of all, reducing building constructure from now on, and planting more trees instead.
Sustainadle development should be awaness to all human beings and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals.
To sum up, this unpleasant phenmenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse, ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that.
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted, so when I heard about that ooportunity, I said yes.
I want to say something about learning the English Languaje. It is hard for me for the following reasons:
First reason: the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish Languaje, my native Languaje.
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verbs in Spanish, so just imagine the same but not in your native lenguaje.
Second reason: in English syntaxis, the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences, the verb is written before the subject, but not always. What is the rule?
I can recommed you to my uncle's company to get a job.
In view of my age, evening activities are not a problem for me, and I have played many sports during my life, such as socker, bolleyball,...
To sum up, I still consider having your own car way more safe and convinient.
Even if it happens, there are many people who can't get a car, because it is too exspensive, not only to buy, but for fuel, service and so forth.
Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives, it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants.
Alongside its development, the ablity to travalling has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another.
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism, as well as to the idea of globalisation, since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country, but a global citizen.
There are countries, such as Greece or Bulgaria, in which the econmoy relies completely on tourism.
If tourism influences the econmy, it thereby influnces the environment, and if it influences the environment, it influences transport. How? people become more careful at their historcal sites, thereby preserving them. Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale.
On a small scale, in cities, in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently.
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition, although in my city there aren't a lot of competitions of this kind. If I had the posibility of going, I'd already buy the tickets.
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me to ski.
My father took me between his knies, because I could ski without falling over and it was fun.
I had my first snowboard lesson und I loved it.
I enjoy snowoarding, because you feel free when you are going down the piste.
You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect.
No future for a public transpotr? Is this claim true or not?
I think that it all depands on the development.
Yes, I agree, if you planned the journey for a faraway distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car, because, firstly, you'll spend less time, your journey will be comfortable, you'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time, as you need to.
But if we are talking abot travelling across your city, would you prefer public transport or car?
I think that this is the guestion for everyone, and there can't be one answer for all, because one person can use public transport, and save in this way not only money, but the environment, but some people don't like to use p.t. because they spend more time travelling or they simply don't like to travell with other people.
guide people and give them infomation, details and guidelines about pollution.
I'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant. It's name is "Lemon". I go there every week. It has different food to other restaurants. I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce. It's an excellent choice for me. And my favorite appitizer is susage and in order that dessert I like "Vadge" cake with chocolate sauce. I feel at ease when I go there. I enjoy classical music while having lunch. About the service: it's very good and all the staff are respectable. I can't imagine one week without going there. That would drive me nuts. I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there. Also, this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really. It's excellent. The striking thing for anyone, is that despite all of these advantages, the prices are not expensive.
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team, I am in another world in which I can be free and happy. Apart from this, when I am feeling bad, this is a distration from university.
You should try playing, it's such fun, but I warn you, it is not easy at first, but you hace to try many times like you should doin life.
On weekdays, I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work, which startst at 9 AM.
In the newspaper, he read an interesting noticie.
The noticie was about a competition.
The story was very good but Michae did not know how to end the story.
Public transport is usually restrected because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you.
I felt like a star! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs, but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them.
Advertising is everysite.
TV is the most accesible means of communication and people can see the messagen in this way.
It was really importatnt to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he hadn't achieved anything.
As our town is well-known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels, many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beah or canoening and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal.
Well, the airport is located just outside Reus. It's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport.
With the purpose of actract more peole to join the club, besises its good points, I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid problems.
Desgin the bank notes is the first and indispensable step.
Peple should decide the background colour and thw artwork and they have to consider the security issues.
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets, people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispacting and distribute the bank notes.
If the partially damaged sheets are bad, they will be treated as bad sheets, which will be securely distoryed.
Everything began a few years ago, when Alfred, the Mayor, read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happinness of people.
You probably won't believe me, but I met all the members of Dem band. I talked to them and we had lunch together. They're very nice men. Because of helping them, I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the latest record. I didn't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant.
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of fims.
In addition, I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actors gave a great performance.
Although I am a young girl, I think I am a quialified person for the post.
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to 12 yeras old. I consired myself quite patient and fun. In my opinion, they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job.
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular, and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries, it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future.
The flight was approximatly five hours during which I watched beautiful movies.
In New York I ate so much. I also went to the city thay never sleeps: Manhattan.
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frecuently and many other members of my family.
In conclusion, I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things, visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square, recieving a lot of presents and, especially, ate a lot of delicious food.
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico, I would give two important pieces of advice; first, try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy savor.
In this way, visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country.
Also, this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life, because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays, travel, special ocassions, etc.
What if you don't have any of those requierments?
Then you know hockey is the aswner.
Nevertheness, it is never enough, because dog owners are mostly to blame.
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are clasified according to the material we want to recycle.
They occupy too many seats, inclouding priority seats.
Moreover, some old people might take this considerative action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners!
I have also worked with large and small teams in back-offices, managed many administrative activities related to mortages, personal loans, contability and investments.
We are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare.
There are a few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today.
Second, for finding a good job opportunity, the business exchange is increasing at the intrenational level. If you speak a foreign language, certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary.
Dear Sir or Madamme,
On the one hand, holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experinces in life.
The reason is that people must complate their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love, helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts.
I have worked in an Easter camp too, and I have already organised a lot of ativities, like "rappel", paintball...
What an unfoggetable day!
Swimming as a sport is very useful for wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght. It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients, because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections.
I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion time.
Regarding advertising, technology is having a huge and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertising.
It will suit me sometimes, and it will even be useful, but I'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive.
The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens, no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are.
But, technology is hre for better or worse, and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can.
I'd like to have a big detached house in the sububs of Artem or Vladivostok.
If I had this house, I would decorat it in a modern stayl.
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment, where and with who, to watch this or that televison program.
Actually, students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university, because they don't have time to cook food. For these reasons, I think that the best restaurant is somowhere where they do home-made food, and a good idea for the main course is: baked potatoes, steamed vegetables and, for dessert, apple cake.
They are incredibily delicious.
She was eighteen years old, she had to be indepedent.
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand. '' Bell, why don't you play with me anymore? Are you bored of me? Just because I have only one eye? But you removed the other one.
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence, '' Why did you leave me that way? ''
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others.
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football, is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches.
On one hand, becoming a public figure is associated with jornalist, mass-media, flashes.
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad infulence on society, which assesses celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary.
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amonut of tabloids scandals.
When I worked as an educator, I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor acitivities.
The same with my parents; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their healht.
Concerning video-games, I agree with scientits that think it helps children's brains to develop, but it is important to supervise them, because there are a lot of violent games.
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Doing excercise is an important thing to doin a healthy and happy life. While you excercise you feel well in yourself and in your body.
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends, you can stay fit, but you also need some skills because it's not easy to controll the ball and dribble your rivals on the field.
I know that catching a celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids.
So, as you can see, I agree with the statement that famous people, who are recognizable, deserve to have a privte life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them.
Once per week on Wednesday, robbish is collected.
That is a very good idea, because that robbish undergoes recycling.
Everybody cares about cleanlinees in front of the house and in the garden.
Margination has a link with the illegality of this activity.
I am writing to apply for the post of summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website.
I speak English, German and Polish and as a councelor that is very handy.
I am hardworking, reliable and well-organised and I can take control of difficult situations. I am talented when it comes to entertaining people, which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor.
I'm seventeen years old and I'm an electonics student from Italy, in the north.
Recently, I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world, so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries.
Mar Azul Resturant, in the north of Mexico City, was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitour.
After her 18th birthday, Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her bilogical mother and why she gave Anna away.
After finding the adoption papers, she contacted the adotpion agency.
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of "her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant".
The importance of working hard to achieve goal and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen.
For instance, if my goal was to increase young people's awareness, some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings.
The last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional, experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide.
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting, as well as develop the communication, organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school.
In conclusion, I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate, whilst at the same time, contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one.
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets, many more are just as interesting and beneficial.
For example, things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons, such as not having enoff money or not getting a job.
In addition, we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assingment, so I am able to be a member of your highly-skilled staff.
Since I was 13 years old, I have helped my parents with bringing up my four junger siblings.
I have a friendly, happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments.
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when, acroos the river, they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What's that? ", Max said aloud.
It's about a teen couple who are diyng of cancer, and they have different ways of thinking about life and death.
This movie touched me very deeply, it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without apprecciate the really important things.
It is a ciclical process.
Rome had its hayday in the first century AD, but just three centuries later, it was only a shadow of its past.
One day in the future, another Franz Ferdinand could be killed, and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse for some country to declare war on another, but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times.
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War, a Third, hypothetical war, could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happenned already.
During the next centuries it was expanded, and in the 16th century, finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style, which has remained unchanged until today-the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded coutyard.
During the tour, the visitors are shown several rooms and apartaments, as well as the Royal Private Apartaments with world-famous tapestries of the Polish kings 'collection.
Everybody say it's the best period in our whole life; what they don't rembember is that it can also be the worst.
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents: every time we descover something new or we say something, they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas.
As I said, adolescents can be very confused and if there's one thing that gets under our skinn, it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite.
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of; the type of love that doesn't let us fall usleep at night.
Travalling by car is also much more convenient.
In conlcusion we can say that, from the standpoint of doctors and nurses, working abroad is a much better deal.
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people. The new boxers could be even more at risk.
There are all sorts of proposals; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn, ban punches to the head, headguards worn, or make fights shorter, as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds. These would all show off the boxers 'skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch.
However, such a rebellion cannot be seen clearly in each minority work, and, therefore, the products of ethnic American literature cannot be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression.
Emphasis changes with each work, and although figures of authority are particullary oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple, other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters 'responsive action which the previously mentioned works show.
This again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature cannot be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression, but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences.
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurence is for some good.
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challanged.
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe.
In fact, in political, economic and defence terms, I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive.
Whilst, to a certain extent, I may be guilty of having an island mentality, I wouldn't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg.
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process.
In relenquishing and thus centralising certain powers, the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage.
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy.
These superpowers were economically, militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states.
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe.
To remedy this, the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses, with mixed reception.
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic.
It might seem an easy soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport; i.e. the railways.
People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privitisation of different areas.
Then people would be more likely to catch the train, as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk, wait for a bos or pay for an expensive taxi ride.
My soloution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services. This would get people off the roads and onto the trains.
To improove the rail service, trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times, i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six.
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap, i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car.
The basic dilema facing the UK's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population.
Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport, thus decreasing major conjestion in rush hour periods.
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere, damaging the ozone layer, creating smog and forming acid rain. Tourturing the Earth we are living on.
To illistrate my point, if every time you took a train, it stopped for 2 hours on the track, everyone would stop taking it.
The most likely answer lies in 2 areas. Firstly, the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a mannor.
I am by far and away no 'greeny' who wants to make everyone live in tipee s and eat soya bean soup. However, I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today.
Do we, the westeren world (5% of the population of the world), have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental cost?
Just beause we cannot be bothered to get out of bed a bit earilene to catch public transport.
That could have disasterous implications.
The 2nd reason, is the promblem that the public transport service, for example rail, is declining so much; there is no train to catch in the morning.
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to privite rail companies, profit motivated.
The vital, small rail links may now be closed, whereas priviously they where subsudised to make up the loss. Now the privite companies cannot afford to do this, so many will close, cutting off small towns and villages.
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it, and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves. If we make the effort to use public transport, it will expand into a good service. Unfortunately, the public seem to be appethetic towards this idea.
Although it may sound cruel, I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks.
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the 'sport' safer: having rungside doctors, banning bare hand fights, but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage.
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport, and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion.
The family, who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport, would be leading the protests againt boxing.
This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future.
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive, especially with the introduction of scratch cards.
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets, only to be disappointed.
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes. The rest is tax the prize fund, profits, and the so-called charities.
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions, ie highly unlikely.
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high. Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life, alenating them from friends and family.
In conclusion, I think that the lottery should be retained, but not in its present form. I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds, and the prize fund shared between more people: it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person.
I would also remove any American buisness interests and give the charity money to a more diserving 'charity'.
The most obvious example of this is the calculator, an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations.
The world watched in anticipation. We were mesmirized by the images of the TV, expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it. I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school: "Have you heard?", "I can't believe it!", "After all this time!", "I never thought it would happen.
Bolstered by the Germans 'success, the people of Hungary, Tchekoslovaquia, Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well. Now, three years later, communism as we once knew it no longer exists.
The repetion of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and, not only that, it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again.
Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone, a car used to run someone over, or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate.
Normally, more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy.
There are people who are agains this, saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube, as they believe life starts from the moment of conception.
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles, for example.
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations ie.
People in our modern times are now able to have liver, heart and even lung transplants. There are many complications but many are succesful.
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed, and the baby is then inserted back into the mother.
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally.
This idea is extremely benificial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children.
As the fetous begins its life in a test tube, and the sperm is selected, this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected.
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB.
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal.
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism, although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSB.
Although British farmers have learned to diversits, dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain.
People throughout the United Kingdom were, doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalapthy, or BSE.
For beef to be repreived or condemned, we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked, and, more importantly, whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former.
This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness.
As you can imagine, this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants, where beefburgers are the main item on the menu.
The answer to this question lies in one's feelings about Democracry.
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century, Women's Liberation has been met with adamant, and often obstinate oppostion.
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists, made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild, disgruntled zealots and was, therfore, detrimental to the good of society.
Like many other aspects and movements in life, they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded.
However, throughout the years, television has lost much of its integrety; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education.
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties.
Though it has probably been around for a while, it s presence hasn't really been known untill fairly recently, and it s consequences have been devistating.
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world, because it always leads to death and there is no cure.
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations, the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever-circulating cheif Executive command post from the air.
It was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally-occurring antibiotics through synthesis.
In part, it has created The Information Age, as the latter part of the 20th ctry is often labelled.
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to recieve first-hand information from the network, such as impeachments, coups d'etat or civil wars.
40% of U.S. millionares are entertainers.
Unfortunately, the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable.
The waters of the culunary seas had been calm and consistant for centuries.
Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves showed little change.
However, with the dawn of the twentyth century, a storm brewed.
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity, our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen.
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century.
Every morning I listen for the weather forcast and dress accordingly.
TV comercials and TV programs project models of how one should be.
People are more mobile, can work more, and buy more things, but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with TV. In America, this growing individualistic society, one no longer sees the realitive humanness between people, instead one sees the differences, the unlucky, the unsuccessfull, and attribute thier inability to achieve to a lack of effort.
There was a group of scholars in France, l'Academie Franais, that set guidelines for French literature.
According to l'Academie Franais, all literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics, including sex, violence, church, and state issues.
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys, and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act.
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman, he receives 100 lashes for his sin.
He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman's father being the Pope.
Desegragation reduced some prejudice, but it still exists.
This is based on eauity theory.
The opposite of love, beauty, intelligence, light, joy, life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms but indifference.
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through, we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity.
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference.
That's why I'm very excited to teach studens English!!!
I don't understand why so many people are into this stuff. Anyway, I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by/ following my own style/ doing it my way.
I attended Japanese tea ceremony lessons one day a week for three years, befor I came here to Japan.
I wantet to study more.
It was kingdergardan level.
The roses grew and thir flowerpots are now too small for them.
Well, I'm into the Ray Charles song ``Hit the Road Jack`` recentry.
Strange Japanes Customs?
One example is drinking alchole outside. Most countries it appears, doesn't allow drinking outside.
It is very convenient that it's codeless.
Today's calss is the same class which I wasn't able to teach because of CHOTA MAJI.
And I fall in love with the liberary in our school!!!
I went to a balloon lecyurer as an assistant at ``OMOCHA OUKOKU``.
My mother committed suicided when I was only one year old and since my father worked in a town far, far away, I was raised by my Grandma.
Because of its particle size, which is less than 100 nm, the nanparticle has mechanically, physically, chemically, and electronically different properties than that of bulk materials.
Japanese marrige system
The bride and groom simply go toa registryoffice andcomplete the marrige application form, which has the bride's, the groom's, and two witness's sigunitures.
No picture IDs are requiered to complete the marrige applicatin form.
Somebody else can go there insterd of the couple.
Becouse of the system, problems sometimes arise.
When a couple go to the city office tocomplete their marrage form, they sometimes find out that one of them (or both of them) is alredy married to someone else.
At that time, he was just interested in this class but had no awared of the importance.
It's a kind of a hot-water bottle, but there are cerry seeds in the bag.
So I bought two, one for my feet and the other for my nec and shoulders.
This is my fitst post in English.
He joked ``Please buy meat for me when you visit me. Especially chichen for Dak Galbi.``
By the way, a Typhoon is coming soon and maybe a lot of studeants think, ``Whoa, I can rest a day and hope the typhoon stays in Taiwan.
I would like to wirte a letter to my English teacher, so I want you to correct my English.
I drove alone. I'm not afraid of drivig anymore.
Next time back home will in many month later, I realy don't want to go back to school in a broken-hearten state, but I can't do nothing!
I am writting the diary and doing many other things. I chack my e-mail and read my Hi-5friend's comments to me. Hi 5 is like Facebook in English. I think It is very famust in Thailand, and I chat with my university friend there. We taked about the job she has. I do not have a job at the moment because I left Bangkok.
She lives with her family. I know her becarse she went to Bangkok to study.
I was so humiliated because of our accent during my chilfood that I tried to modify it.
Because it was a gift from my ancester.
Yesterday I rided from our main campus to the medical college.
I took part in a job interviw this morning, but after the HR kept asking me questions for about 30 minutes, she told me that maybe the positon didn't fit me well for me because I don't have the SQL skills required.
I'm looking forward to waitinig for what Apple will make in the future.
But I want to continue studing English every day.
Today I felt very happy, bacause my class was very funny.
I also have to shovel the snow around my house, my parking space and my offise...
I just sterted this SNS.
Spring is comming!
Today is a holiyday.
If you had stood next to the sliding door of the room hearing what was being talked inside, you might have heard intermittet laughing sounds made by a female, and monotonous, enthusiastic talks by a male, which might have given you an impression; the atmosphere was not too bad, or too good either.
We haven't had a lifetime employment system sice the late 80's.
Instead, I've witnessed powerful harassment like ``You're incompintent!``, or, ``We don't afford to pay people like you,`` in order to force them into early ritirement.
Luckly, I have a job and a depenadable income.
And yesterday, I ate dinner, but I ate two humburger late at night..
I have not drank alchohol in a couple days.
But now most Japanese buy it at the supermaket and department store.
Because there once lived so many people in a family, and the mother and grandmather made many dishes for their children and guests, however, (nowadays) there are many nuclear families in Japan and guests are few.
When I listen to this music, in particular Marc Anthony, I become one with the melody and I feel really free and every thing around me disappears and I feel only the hertbeat of my heart that follows the rhythm of the music.
A Little Hestitation and Nervous
Now what can I do for peaple in MIYAGI??
I went to Chibi Canada to prepare for the zonbi Walk.
I practiced making a zonbi face.
I think I'm good at mimicking zonbi.
All of the animals I saw in Mongolia seemed confortable.
Right now, my favorit song of her's is ``If I were a boy``
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada. We were all together to watch Teresa's last episode, hoping that she would end up homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our suprise she didn't.
I watched a DVD ``Who killed the electric car?``; this is a documentary film thta deals with the history of the electric car, mainly focusing on The General Moters EVI.
7 students paticipated in it and they were great ^ ^ Some students didn't memorize their script enough not to look it but still I thought they put in a lot of efferts.
I've studied English in Canada since this mounth!
Mainly, Japasene teacher taught English grammers, accents and various words.
Another boring week is watting me.
I don't think they shouldn mention such details about the flight!
Tonigght, I will stay inside; I won't go out.
For that, I am studing English for many years, but not many..
I would like to speake and write more natively..
Publick service personnel is a part of the conscription system.
We have to studed English now, or we won't pass an important test in three years.
Also, there is going to be a Jananess school visiting our school.
There will be eight Japaness students in each class.
And we will teach Taiwaness history about Japan's aggression towards Taiwan.
We have a lot of activies planned for when the Japaness students come.
before she had gone, she did not say some thing before as give me anything as usaullly, she did it because she sundently had gone.
He couldn't sing but he could hum and dance and and play the quiter.
But when I tried to go there yesterday, it was diffuclt to drive my car because I had to meet a friend who lives in Seoul.
I'm a piture and 5th hiiter
Our game started at12: 00, and I was so nerveous.
My beseball career is shorter than anyone's, but I have good physical abilities like fast feet, strong sholders, and an endurance for pain.
The famaous rapper known by the Japanese.
The reason Eminem is known by Japanes people, is because he was an actor in the movie, 8 Mile.
There are many rap music artists, but there is only one Eminim.
Introdeuce myself
dreadfully spycy...
But I don't understand English grammer.
I could not explane ``a certain probability`` in English when I talk to my friends.
So I want to explan it here.
The probalility represents how many people are watching (a) particular program (s) in each area.
I take Garman and I study various countries 'cultures.
So it is very expencive.
I like listening to music, like every type, expecially jazz, rock, and some nice soft music, some times I listen to death matel too.
and also do some reading, which r written by ppl who r not famouse but special....
This is because I'd love to TAIWAN.
Itried to study Mandarin when I was in junior high highschool.
Chinese-charactors are used in Mandarin and Japanese, so I thought learning Mandarin would be a lot easier than learning any other languages.
However, Mandarin has four accents in one sound (I can't explain it crealy in English, try to understand!).
I participated in a web developer's event last Satruday.
But, in a foreigh country, does the person who has a birthday treat the guests?
By the way, my Japanese friend in France had dinner at his friend's Taiwanais wedding party.
This temprory job ends on the end of this month.
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamilier place.
So I had my boss buy some vesetables for me.
After I recieved them last night, I kept them in the refrigerater.
:) I would like try this webside out, but I dontn't know how to use it.
It's an important professionnal cycling race.
Thanks for yout help for improving this passage.
I'm not sure how to tip at restaulant because I've just moved to America and my mother country, Japan, doesn't have such a custom.
If I do 3, shuld I write the tip on the bill?
I went to the shopping mall becasue my daughter wanted to go.
When I tried to buy the ticket for the film, I wss recommended by a clerk to watch the 3D version, but I heard from my friends that some people tend to feel sick while watching 3D films.
Especially the last scene of the film, the battle between Harry and Voldemote was impressive!
We're going to move to another building next week so today all my cowokers and I were packing a lot of stuff.
I lived with my parents and my elder sister who is now married and raising her son and daughter with her hasband.
and I'm learning Japanese tea celemony once in week.
Some people wear kimono often or everyday (for example, people who are obsessed with Japanese culture, who study/ teach tea celemoney, Japanese etiquette or Japanese flower arrangement...
However, many japanese don't own their own kimono; instead they use a service to rent kimono when needed.
We don't do tea celemony in daily life except when our families or ourselves are famillier with it.
when I study tea celemoney, I become eager to learn good handwriting, languages, behaviour, and flower arrangement.
whe I studied martial arts, I became eager to learn behaviour.
As a begineer, you need to have every skill at a beginner's level.
If you progress to the intermidiate level in one genre, you need to have skills which are better than a beginner's in other genres as well.
I will try writing about these things I learnd.
The Tengu's bodies were like a human being's, but he had wings and could fly, so we adopted it as a charactor and our squadron's good angel of flight.
Actually, each squadron's yearly flight time is assigned by our headquater.
I mean, we were too busy both mentally and phisically to take time for others.
To solve these problems, I shoud relax a bit.
I got a serious headacke this morning sitting in my cubical, so I took a half day off from 1pm.
I was very busy in April because of recruting
Even if I try to find a lauguage exchange partner, they will think I'm boring and bothersome girl.
I useally get on a/ the train from Zushi station, it's in next town.
I don't need money, or anything else for that matter, but simply to hear from you about my party. I think you will be satiisfied!
various kinds of vegitables that are pickled in a sakekasu, which has a slightly strong sake flavor.
I asked her to promise me to eat brackfast before going to the school.
His exbition is held this year in KYOTO.
Now, I'm gowing some scallions, turnips, and lettuces.
I felt the climinate in Japan has been getting warmer and warmer over the last several years.
I will try to looking for a pair of cute sandals tommorow.
I picked up my hasband this morning.
Yes, I'm thin-skkined.
When I watche a TV program and I learned about the store.
I cannot be here in Kyoto untill April because of my job.
I realize now how easy the laguages we learn are forgetable.
I'm always surprised by those who keep thier journals in foreign languages.
I elnvy them.
The recent consective hollidays, which lasted for ten days, are now over.
By putting daily events into text, I also aime to review each day and make the next day better.
It takes (about) 30 minitus from here to Tokyo.
I like spicy foods such as the Kolean dish, Kimchi.
It increases one's excitometabolic.
In Japan, a sad incident ocuured.
I will eat at a restrant in the department store.
Incidentally, I enroll in a temporary employment agency.
Athough we always have dinner with her, this is the first time I've invited her on a formal outing.
My favorite movie is ``Back to the future``.
To do so, I have to work harder on doing reheb.
Trains run every 2 minutes following timetable and if a train is late for more than 5 minuites, we can get a refund.
There are chain restaurant whose plices of foods aren't that different from Macdonald's.
but I perfer Chinese.
Fortunately, it is easier for Japanese to learn Chiense characters because we use them in our language.
It tasted yammy because it was free.
I forgot to bring a thoothbrush.
I have been feeing frustrated to see talented people who cannot express their opinions due to English skill limitations.
Can you expanation thisto me?
Will this pharse, ``th,`` keep going?
My pehew is coming to my home.
It was the book I had borrowed once but faniled to finish reading because the due date was up.
I would like to celabate the new year in Bangkok thoung.
this moive is really famos in Thailand.
The man who running on the elephant is a really good boxing expert who did not use a stant-man...
The stationaly whitch is used for erasing pencil wiritig is called an 'eraser' in America, and 'rubber' in England, right?
I ate yammy bar of chocolate.
Write your five items in the coomments, if it isn't difficult for you. =)
Canadian Dollar shepard chocolate!
Terefore, I go to Kyoto several times a year with my family.
I've dedided...
The table shows the percentages of water pollution due to four major pollutants in four cities (Taipei, Sao Paulo, Tokyo and New York) in 2003.
Aside fromthem, Tokyoreported ``presticides`` as the worst waterpollutantwith 31% whereas theamountwas much smaller in Sao Paulo and New York with only 9% and 6% respectively.
Tokyo also showed a higher percentage for ``Erosion`` with 23% as well as ``Demestic Sewage`` and ``Phospharates in detergents``, which was larger than that of the other coutries.
At some points I laughted, and at others I cried.
Snow aroumd here is very rare.
My inglish level of conversation is ibetter than my writting, but I need to practice a litle more.
I don't mind if your Spanish level of conversation is not very good. I think that together we can improve our cualities
Does it furthurmore mean that you ``make them sad`` or ``hurt their feelings``?
It `s my first time on this webside, and I don` t know how to use it properly yet, but I hope that I will meet new friends, and that they will help me.
I would like to speak English fluently, but I do not have any friends who speak English, so I have been learning English for sereral years, and still my knowledge is not enough!!!!
I often go out to coffe shops.
Usually I go to ``Tully's coffe shops and
my favorite coffe is always ``Today's Coffe``.
Of course, I have a cup of delicious coffes when I go to there,
but my real reason for going is not only to drink coffe.
to my seprise, when I arrived at his house, I foung it to be very chean.
Something I like but someting I don't like (also).
Umm, sorry, I'm being nagative today, aren't I?
Hello veryone I am back.
It said I should follow the sentense from newspaper or book.
and then read it again atfer finished writing.
I wonder what clothes are suitable for gests.
I heard that Americans give presents from a wish-list; is it ture?
The customer was so delighted that he adviced the old woman to change the name of the shop from 'Kakegawa-local power rice cakes' to simply 'Cat rice cakes' for the sake of prosperous business.
I'd lile to communicate with (those) people who speak English to study.
I'm going to go to COSTOCO.
What do you recomend?
After bathing, he alwasy took his teeth out of his mouth.
What singers do you like from Japam?
I started stady EngIish today.
I'm not sure if it works but I would really appreciate it if native speakers could point out which words I don't pronociate well.
The recent boom or topic of my works is ``Our company will take the cusutomer experience to the next level with digital``.
But now is the time to use IT for developing a cloose relationship between our stores and customers.
I cooked curry with a pressure cooker last nigt.
I usualy push the reset botten each time I boot my PC.
One layer was a cream cheeze layer which was heavy, and the other was a strawberry layer which was sweet-and-sour.
You have to know how stubborn your little dauther can be!!!
The teacher told me that my daughter is not good at remembering the multipulation of 3X8 and 2X6.
My head was bumped onto the floor really hard so I feel a bit weezy.
My daughter is one year and therr months old.
In the afternoon, I did my landry, baked muffins, and studied for the test which I wrote about in this diary yesterday.
I'm going to go to bed earier today, and wake up at 4: 30 as usual tomorrow, preparing for the begining of the next week.
I think I can keep a good rithm for my lifestyle this way.
I like drawing with a boolpoint pen.
When I was a child, I used boolpoint pens for drawing.
So the boolpoing pen is useful for me.
Suddeny I felt it was something strange, she looked like she was ill.
But I really enjoied this race.
But as I have been exposured to a lot of kinds of English on the net,
I really surprised when I heard my alarm clork.
I didn't go out exept for when I went food shopping.
UNIQLO is a brand name, and it's corporation's real name is The FAST RETAILING, established in Ube sity, Yamaguchi prefecture, in the western area of Japan.
Ahetr that, I could meet him at around 7: 00pm.
Every time I drink beer or some alchol, I always feel like going to Karoke!
My Wacom Graphire3 tablet (computer drowing tool)
so I'm learning English because I'd like to watch movies without subutitles.
I lov rock-n-roll:)
But I lov bossa nova too:D
I often herad that many girls have no sense of direction.
We have similer pespective on many things and I found that he's so funny and smart.
Sunmer is coming soon, so I need to lose weight in a short time.
Sunmer... I love it, but I do not love fat!!!
It was worht climbing all the way up there, it had a beautiful view.
I especially love ramen, ice cream, Tenpura, and so on.
It has been/ will be a tough month at the univercity, but there is nothing I can about it.
I enjoyed palying soccer.
In the new millennium, with scientific technology becoming increasingly advanced and the disparity between the wealthy and the poor increasing, some individuals link the gap to technologyies.
An empirical point of view, I was really hard pressed to believe how the technology spectrum lead to the wealth gap; since it gose without saying that scientific technology decreases the disparity between the wealthy and the poor.
It is widely acknowledged that the cell phone, as one of the most significant inventions in twenty century, transformed individuals 'lifestyles making them highly efficient and convient, especially for the poor.
I guess I need much more vocabulary and a large amont of reading.
Aaahhh I can't believe it, spring is coming soon:D. Ofc course, it's still snowing, it's windy and the temperature is-3 degrees (Celsius).. but the birds are singing, the sun is shining and everyone's smiling.
I liked to see them suck sap we fed and occationaly fight head to head over sap or females in the plastic case at night as they are usually nocturnal.
just wanted make fun of that because I'm tired of studing this laguage
yea I know this lonely diary can also help my studing
According to a newspaper article I read recently, people with higher salaries produce higher quility goods than those who have lower salaries.
This is my first note in lang-8, also is my frist time. I am learning English now, but I feel a little sad. It's hard to struggle with what I want to say day after day, and I don't know how I can do better.
Moreover, I am afraid to dissapointe others rather than I myself.
However, it is difficult to keep my tention calm when she seems not to hear me, or does the same mistakes again.
The sheep was finally found by the sheepherd and felt relieved.
I am Booddhist, but unfortunatelly the temples generally don't give this kind of service periodically for small children.
It will lead to the increasing of enthusiastic Booddhists in the future.
Seriously, it is supre expensive!
I lack of fhysical activity.
When I used to use an iPod Nano, the bettery would be drained really quickly.
without running out of bettery!
My friend told me it was not a copy but a hommage.
KAWASHIMA will be traded to another team in the Plemier League?
I `ve heard that West Bromwich Albion FC in the Plemier League offered him to play with their team.
so I will buy the book, Eclipse's original virsoion.
Even though it is still late June, the air temprature became 31 degrees celcius in Tokyo today.
It is still hot and humid, but I have to go to a clinic to take a prescription for medical insulance.
My duty still continues, when I finish talking to him, I have to go to a motor bike shop to renew my bike insulance.
I emaled him this morning about tomorrow's plans.
It's needed to live abroad or you work in campany which need to speak English. ``
Sometimes people in forign countries don't understand them.
Tiger Woods has forteen girlfriends.
I apologied with my freind but she seemed to hate paying for it.
I negotiated with my freind so I can pay for the meals next time.
I think it's tastey?
I hope to make frends with you!
I talk to my parents on Skype evry Sunday night.
Skype is very usefull, because we can see each other's faces.
For I live in kansei area, my family and I are all right naturally.
I'm not surprised because the March disaster in Jaspan was broadcasted all over the world.
And my friend tought me about it.
However, vigorous pictures and unforgettablely vivid sound would be engraved in their minds.
Stimulating the subconsious may help your memory.
Today I had lunch with my colleague. We had a nepal curry.
If you look for the city on a map, you'll find out that it is situated in Ural mounatains.
Some tourists are very dissapoited by this fact.
No idea:) But it is situated exactly on the watershed dividing line of the Ural mountains. If you go there, you can stand with one foot in Europe, with the other in Asia, or with both feet in Asia and your head in Europe if you want:)))) (You can see in the first foto)
And, when I got a mail from him, my heart ached... (I was) nervus.
In only four days I will be back home, and I will begin my summer vacation. I have made a plan for this vacation: I want to join my cousion's company and work for him for free.
Therefore, companis should contribute to remedy the environment as much as possible.
Now that environment problems shuch as global warming and air pollution are among the most discussed issues worldwide, people tend to have much more interest in the protection of the environment.
Futher more, it has even become a trend for the stock investors to buy stock off the companies that contribute most to the environment.
If I speak English, I would like to visit many contries!
In fact Napels is famous for its pizza;D
Thomas Jefferson was born in Shadwell, Virgina.
In these acres, he built his residence, called ``Montilcello``.
He was continental delegate of Congress, Governor of Virgina, state secretary, vice-president and president.
Are the idioms and slungs which are in these books still used in the world?
If not, how can I learn new idioms and slungs?
I just went (over) to Yokohama where my ancle and his family live.
Trimming is important because it is easiear for bacteria to grow the surface of the raw beef.
As a result, his restaurtant caused food poisoning and killed four people.
However, she often fussies a few weeks ago because of many reasons, the reasons were simple though.
It seemed that she reliesed them by accident.
The doctor diagonized that she suffered from a hemorrhoid.
So, I speak English at school, but I usually speak Swhili in my village, because most of my neighbors who are in the family of my cowokers cannot speak English.
My cowokers and students know English, but others do not.)
So, I have received/ gotten a lot of chocolete as a birthday present.
I like chocolete but not this day!!
I hope study abroad, and work oversease.
Though I like to read, I amd not really good at English literacy.
Today we had a violn class.
My arm was getting tired from holding the violn.
Tommaro is the concert (sort of).
We're playing the violnin at the school library.
My brother's girl friend is Tiwanese.
I am about to stady English for a really long time.
I will stady English hard.
Yesterday, I went to Yoyogi park, which is located in cener of Tokyo, and saw cherry blossoms.
Even though our millitary corporation is a good place to live,
Anyway I will ask him to read it because the examination is really importent.
Have a good weeken.
Tomato sause
I made tamato sauce today.
(I am or I'm) going to go to a Taiwanese restrant for lunch with a coworker,
The reason is clerea,
I `ve been to a Go-kon party when I went to the college, but people say there is something diffrence between a student` s party and an office worker `s.
I went to Utah, US 2 years ago to study English& to teach Japanaese in an elementaly school.
The wather has been really really cold for several days.
Because of that, I cought a cold and had a headache.
There will be a dance performanceday in our studio on the 22nd of March.
We started with the coreography yesterday.
For example, I magage to write these sentences first in Japanese in my head and then translate and put them into English, which requires a great effort and is tiresome.
However if I get areally bad headach, I might as well take the medicine rather than just suffer.
I wached 90210
I watched the final episode of seoson one of 90210.
I'm looking forward to watching it next seoson.
Today, I studied phisics for an exam.
So, I always glew some vegetables in a planter.
I'm looking foward to it.
I need you to help me improve my english leval.
It's 6 hours to go until the biggining of the match.
How to condjugating for Lang8!!
After he left, my daughter and I talkded a lot.
It is the central city the northernmore Japanese island, Hokkaido.
I am sad beacause my sister deleted the program (of the keyboard) for writing in Korean!.
The stylist in the shop was a very friendly woman, and had a good sence in cutting,
When I checked my diary this morning, the freind whom I had just met had already corrected it.
He thoght that I rarely ate meat (beef) because I live by myself.
If I eat a hanburger slowly, chewing it well and tasing it, I always regret eating it.
On the way home, I bought seven bottles of maple syrup and three boxes of maple coockie at a supermarket.
Additionally (or, Also), prices are negociable.
From your cazy sister, Haruna
I registed an account with Lang-8, but can't understand this usage.
I'll stop complaing.
Sory, just a question.
Even if I get a boyfirend, I will choose to live alone, because even we broke up, at least I would have my home. I don't want to end up not having a boyfriend and a place to live, that would make me feel like a loser.
Mainly because I was in the Fhilipines and
Due to tayhoon I dont have class in the morning
u know a thyhoon will be coming to japan.
I heard it was the same in China or in some Europian countries.
I have a problem with choising new jeans.
He faced about one thousand and nin challenges, and finally, he met a person who was willing to buy his recipes.
I guraduated from Nihon University last lear.
I majored in International Reralitons.
I didn't know the name untill then
I know they are not interesting at all, so everyone whouldn't want to read my entry.
I've had a lot of experionces like this and I've realized that men and women can't be close friends.
, so we would like to make the accommodations as comfatable as possible for the newcomers.
but there was a launguage problem. (Sounds natural)
but after drinking a cuple of glasses of champagne, I was very drunk.
Recentry, I make many kinds of bread too.
Do you remember those days, your mother knit a sweater in the dimp light for you when you woke up at midnight, or because you came home so late that she wasn't? able to be assured; you know that there are many things like this.
I went to a study group for CMS (Content Management System, an internet system for blogs and websites, like WordPress) and had discusssion with members.
Because I am abstaining from drinking, it seemd that not having much alchoal made me drunker. Hummm...
Mubark was the priesdent of Egypt for 30 years.
Allah helps peole in Egypt.
What are your favorite sports?
There are many beautful clothesand dance movements in the film.
But I have the good luck to be surrounded by briliant friends, excellent teachers and an affluent campus (The only weakness is that it is too far from my house...).
Even by doing so, it might be difficult to attain somethig special, but what is important is to try to have an awareenss of issues and start a voluntary pursuit.
On top of that, I heard that grown-ups feel as if time has passed faster than in their childfood.
Thanks for reading my jouornal
A public veiwing is an event where you cheer for the team through a huge screen with a crouwds.
Japan played well, but I think there was a clitical diference between Japan and the Netherlands.
I don't konw why we're supposed to take classes in shch a marvelous summer vacation, which should have been full of joy, laughter and merriment.
Alought it sounds a little pessimistic and overstated, what I really want to say that learning should be a lifelong and happy activity rather than pushing us to the limit when we are in a bad mood/ depressed.
Improving our knowledge by practicing instead of talking thoretically is the most significant, positive and effective thing in our life, in my opinion.
This week, I'm staying with another fost family because my host family is going to be in Bali for two weeks.
It was so amaging.
Then, I remembered that the foreiner was seating alone. (There are two seats at one side and I had my partner.) Initially, I hesitated to talk to him because he only speaks English.
I carried him in my arms and looked aroud to find his master.
She doe n't have confidence about English, but she knows many verbs and conjuctions.
To my surprise, there were no stories nor paragrafhs on her textbook but conjuctions and exercises.
Thank you for yor cooperation.
The shop where we went to was ouwned by chiken egg farmers.
Of offcorse I also liked ``Jack and the Beanstalk.``:-)
So I hope that I will be wrting at least one sentence correct.
After that I lost my confidence in speakin English.
Although I didn't get first prize and practicing English speecg is really hard, this English speech contest was a really good time for me.
I hope my engish speech skills will be as good as a native speaker!
I would like to introduce some disgusiting examples to you.
When I was a student, I spent a lot of my monet on music.
Okinawa was warmer than Tokyo, becouse of its location.
This time, the airplane was deleyed by 2 hours due to the maintenance.
It's on my way to mya hometown.
I thank her for heling me to study English.
I ask my coach if I could take a break, then he suggested that I take the intermidiate-first lesson.
hello guys from japan; my first diary abt japanese disaster
Two women are in their forties, another woman is in her thirties, and I'm in my twenties, but we only speak in English when we get togher so I can't feel the generation gap. I feel like we are friends.
And I find that even after severl Chinese have corrected someone's jounarl, there are still some errors/ mistakes.
Sometime its punch lines are too ridiculous to believe that anyone on earth is really that stupid, but that's what makes it so good. Somehow I can't help wacth it everyday.
Recentry I have been busy with job hunting and class in university.
So I am so happy that I had slept untill noon.
In Japan, the replacement of prime ministers seemd to have become an annual event.
Universuty is said to be a life experience.
They can strengthen thier bonds deeper through other school events such as cultural festivels.
Doing somthing for the frist time is very exciting, as you know.
My counsin bought a chiken for my dogs..
But I also lack English languate skills.
Do you know Kao Corpration?
So, in conclusion, I want to state that not only must the government make the already existing laws tougher, but also cencor the media, which has a trmendous influence-especially on young people.
It is a little dificult for me, but I always enjoy discustion with her in English.
I've only had a few food but I don't feel hugary.
Sometimes I'm not hugary but I want to eat....
At last, I arrived at my destination, Marita Airport.
The goddess did not want them to be togather, and so used her power to turn them into two stars.
but I broght </ FONT> some bread to eat with friends.
Shiba dog is a Jananese dog. They are medium size and very
It's her first time to go to a forein country by herself.
Do you know ``Syabu-Syasyabu``?
It is a dinner that consists of many vegetables and thin beef swished in boilling water.
There were many foreign visiter in the restaurant.
I have made some friends who are japanes.
Thank you for coming and seeing us at Onoda-shi, in Yamaguchi on Juniary 21.
One mother said your reading of the picture book was wanderful!!
The first time I met him, he talked about ``SD Gandom`` and ``The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya`` and I couldn't understand anything he was talking about.
After leaving Tokyo, he will go to Shizuoka to view a big Gandom model.
Withoug Anna, my English might not improve.
Anyway, I have one thing I want to say: that I leave on Aughst 26th, for the US.
I want to thank eveyone who has helped me with my English so far.
So, I expect that many people read my diary and correct sentenses.
please correct the sentenses and be my friend!
I never learnt (/ don't know) how to play the pinao or guiter, or learnt French or Japanese like some people.
As a result, I found this website and enjoyed correcting articles written by some foreighers because I am good at it and it makes me feel good no matter if they thank me or not.
I had lunch with two friends (and friend's daugter who is one year and seven months old and very cute) today.
This afternoom, our class will be having a class meeting about electing the elite as members to the Party.
I don't care if other people say ``You can't be a milionair because you are not already rich``.
This suturday I went to Shiga because of my group activeties.
Today, I got some classes at my colledge.
Showing my ture colors, I want to skip my classes!!
So, now I should go to colledge.
I didn't have any Indian friends in, Taiwain, befroe.
All my foreign pals are Japanes.
But the type of rice is different from Taiwain.
Every etnic community has their own character.
My favorite color is white, so my car is also whiet.
becaust of that, I want the white iPhone 4G.
I also want to learn German because I really luv German football and Fc Bayern;-) This is my first diary.
I am interested in Fashon, art, and 90's music!
I am ``good at`` speaking Japanese but I am ``not good at`` spesk English.
Please hlp me!
I am going to send an E-mail to my friend who is an internationai student today.
Mixed feelings agian.
Frist I feel happy because of someone who told me I look like a singer.
I'm not alome, right?
I think it is about the guy who kept eating only McDonald's Humbargers and potetos.
Yesterday's deinner
I started surfin about 2 months ago, but then the earthquakes and tsunami hit the Tohoku area.
Now I want a motercycle and dream that I will get a big one and travel around the world.
It's like making blended whiskey using single molt ones.
Not to metion learning other languages.
For these reasons, I thnk the education that aims at the development of individual tarent rather than learning by rote is needed the most.
One of my classes called International comunication course is one of those systems, where we can learn other country's traditional way of life as well as English, and we can see many people from other countries.
My high school gives us many opportunities to go to othere countries.
What is the Au pair Prigram?
I can study Eiglish in various ways on the internet.
By taking class in an English center, I can practise listening, pronounciation,...
Generally, I don't say much if the atmostphere of a conversation gets stressful.
She never thought of anyoue else.
You waana be somebody who complains, but you won't be a listener.
I am sacre of you now....
Usually, the beans are sold with seasoning such as soy sourse.
I was born in a city north of China, and I went to colleage at a city north east of China.
I love snow very much, and the winter time during colleage gave me deep impressions of good memories.
Hence, more and more visiters should have opportunies to travel to other places.
I've been a lacross player since I was university student.
During that time, I felt quite umcomfortable.
It was atough time, but I enjoyed taliking with thecustomers.
These flowershave special coloer and shapes, too.
Recently I could only go to work for two days a month, because I have been receiving post-surgical chemotherapy to prevent a recurrence of my cancer and metastatis.
Though it was regrettable that I got sick, I belive that my disease has developed a greatness within my soul.
These days, I'm always shoppinng, singing in the ``KARAOKE-BOX``, drinking riquere or doing many other things.
The Spring Festival is the Chinese New Year, and it's the day when all the family members come togther and celebrate.
Why can you earn more& nbsp; in Canadian companies that estimate indindividual skills more than Asian companies?& nbsp; It really depens on the your skills, whether you earn a lot of money or not.
I hope my English will be getting better for many resons.
And I will Ihelp you with Korean, a little bit of Japanese.
We are going to go to Himeji catsle and some other places.
but, my englsh is not good.
Nobady knows what will happen in the future.
I think it would be fun to write a daiary on the web.
Everyone seems delited by it.
My fother had a lots of potatos in my house which was more than he can eat before they get spoiled.
I mean, real diary. Of course, I have written English compostition in school, but those are not diaries.
One of my friends reccomend it to me.
When I found the (rain boots), I (thougt) I (loved them).
My Frist Time Writing In My Diary In English
I purchased a traning suit, which is similar to what boxers use before their matches.
They controle effictiveness!
But, I relly feel unhappy with my English right now...
In this movie, Led Zeppelin's famous song, 'Immingrant song' was used.
Unfortnately, the long holiday ended today.
I'm going back to school again this March and I've been planning my course schedule while reconnecting with my friends via MSN messnger.
And then, after reading those comments, I was really pleased and happy becase the explanations helped me understand the parts that I didn't understand clearly and there were a lot of examples to help me too.
Well, I had a delicious breakfast, and the weather today isn't as cold as it was befor.
But musicals contain many songs, and it is a bit more accesible for me.
I really want to reccomend it to everyone!
However, I suddenly heard a terribly lowd sound.
When I say that, people aroud me look at me surprised as if they didn't expect it and I looked odd.
We can listen to the radio and do simplitic jobs at the same time, and also feel relaxed.
But I apparently looked like I was listening to an iPod, so most of the people were surprised to see me change the radio chunnel.
I was surprized that Filipinos don't use such a convenient tool in everyday life.
If we find out this information we can help satisfy the niche foreigner's desires and it is a buisness opportunity too.
People there are very coool, I love chatting with women.
For example, they can learen how to speak and begin to understand different languages by watching TV.
Always in the serene night with the dim lamp by me, this platitude would penetrate the gloomy air through the soud of my mother's breath, remide me to be more stout and obstinet about my hard-to-reach dream.
Of cource, I recognize that my range of vocabrary and how to express myself are not enough.
I'm feeling more comfortable even though I recognize that there are still many mistaks.
I want to take advantage of this hapiness and time to improve my English.
I should remove the worms from these leaves to let them keep gorw.
Because of that, the first day was going to be canceled, but the typhoone has gone the other way, so we were able to continue with the festival.
During the ride, a Filipina woman spoke to me in Japanese.
I hope this accomodation remains for a long time long agaist the upcoming tough economic condition.
I'm going to stduy English and German hard on this site.
Should one ecpect a reward when doing a good deed?
My body is still craving a cup of coffee, so I am counting down to the opening time of my fovorite coffee shop.
It is also difficult to explain tecnical documention in English.
I'd like to join in fittnes clubs gymnow.
In the gym, there are a lot of foreiners so I'd like to get in.
Sometimes I think that days are too short, because I cant do many things, but on weekends the days are longer and I dont know waht to do!
When I watched his behaviors these supermarkets, I found that he was walking around there quickly.
We can enter free of charge and the plice of food and drinks is very reasonable.
I'd really be greatful for any help in improving my English abilities.
I think that it's about time when I start Skype and talk English possitively.
When I am walking down to the street, it looke like only umbrellas are moving on the street.
Maybe they have seen my old pictuer on laong-8.
In my senior high school, HK friend and I have writewrote a letter to JKR.
Althrough I didn't gain any messages from JKR, HK friend sent me a great Christimas gift: A HARRY POTTER MAP. (Print by himself) The map is just like in the movie.
Because Japanese books have manypictures about maids and Vctorian time.
France has ballet, and Hawaii has the fula.
Generally speaking. most of them were built during the feudial Period.
Each of them has distictive feachers.
So, even if I was a lttle bit interested in these kind of things, I tried to hide my curiosity.
We have re-instructed the packers to take notice of proer packing material to ensure that panels will not shift in the carton to avoid any damages to the board.
It was my falt, but he didn't need so angry.
I hope he will be re-assigned to another department next quater.
He had a heart painted on his forhead. That is lovely for valantine's day.
I would like to ride him, even though the frist time I might be scared of him
It is famous for hot-sping and it's beautiful ocean.
June is the rainy seazon in Japan.
When the rainy seazon is over, summer has come.
I am twenty three (years old); it seems that I'm not yong, but I am still in school. I hople in the furture I can have a beautiful life and I konw it's not easy.
But I'm still a student now and can do nothing escept learn and learn every day. I hope I can do songthing for my family, but I don't konw what to do.
Jeju is a beatiful island.
How about your countory? Do you display
Restart Toiret Training
Mothers shouldn't be too nurvous about this kind of discipline.
One day, she was playing with her friend climbing the jungle gym, but her friend climed higher than her, so she started to cry out of frustration.
We are plannning to play games with kids.
Also, I grilled chicken breast and spwrinkled some salt and pepper on it.
Obama's presidencial inaugural address.
Honestly speaking, I had never heard a presidencial oath in detail in the past.
The Ecconomy is badly weakened... ``
-He helds respect at the forefront...
``For us, they forght and died in places like...``
But when you come (go) to their country, and begin living as they do, and begin speaking their language, you undastand that they are not different from you.
I am studing two languages every day.
Do you know of stores that sell many inexpensive swimwears?
She is aways kind to me.
She is lovly to me.
Maybe I can borrow some more accesories for my other friends. We will see...
Although you have many manythings, if you see something your friend has that you don't you really want to have it as well.
However, although this is true, I believe we can learn to be satified.
I came to Australia last September, and it was my first time traveling aborad.
Actually all of my lugguage had been automatically transported to my next airplane.
But I had already made a fatal mistake because I was waiting for my depature time at the 1st gate but I actually had to go to the 60th gate.
I am an engineer at a construction company and I am constructing a phermaceutical factory in Shizuoka.
Hence I enrolled at a correspondence university to get a teaching lisence.
As usual, I had some bread, coffe, and salad for breakfast.
It goes very well with Franch bread.
Today I happenly to meet with my ex-colleague.
So I adviced her some advice.
It is more relaxable there than in the library.
Therefore I'm goind to go to New Zealand next summer vacation.
Starting today, I'm going to write a dialy in English.
I took an exam this moning.
I will have to have the same classe next term.
Yet it is very warm and splinglike beautifull day!
In the first, he threw a carrot, in the next pan he put an egg, and the last pan was filled with granules of cofe.
After some time, he took out the carrot and the egg and poured out the cofe.
-The carrot and the egg have boiled and the cofe has disolved.
But what about the cofe?
-It's most intresting.
Oh, it seems like the 'Spam' sketch by Monty Phytons, I watched it just last night!
I got into a university finaly!!!!!
Today we finshed lessons earlier than usual, so we returned home earlier too.
It would suck to be sneezing all day when the long and cold winter is filnnaly coming to an end.
I am going outsite Bangkok today.
I have to syudy tonight for tomorrow's tests.
We were strangers, but he made a good impressiom on me.
a montain eruption =(
Yes, I know I will soon enter universty, and that Iam 18 years old
when some people find out about that, they are suprised and they think I have a proplem
I can learn new information from it. spically if it was about history.
I love a lot cartoons, spically Japanese anime.
Such as: Conan, Anne shirly, Remi and many other anime.
I like anime that showcases proplem in socity, or about history.
Anyway, my friend who lives in Christcharch was fine.
and she dicided to move to her relative's home.
If a dog is a rabid dog, it's very dengerous.
I'm correge student.
So many of my vegan friends cook 3 times a day, and I always help to read what the package of ingredient says at supermarckets:)
Nowadays, I found out that people smoked in the streat.
I was driving my car, feeling that I lived in the early 21st centry.
Right now I'm at the bank, where the last fireworks fes of this year will take place!
I know I'm crazy, but I love tham and really think they're beautiful!
I grabbed a great spot up front where the fireworks are being shot. Many fireworkers are now setting up fireworks:)
Im'm happy if I get one!
So everyday or maybe sametimes I'll send you even if you will not reply.
so it dameges the hair.
I want to improve my English because I like talking with people, girls in particulary lol.
Because of exam day, we left school before 4 o 'clock and soonly got to the studio.
We practiced calligraphy at frist; after that teacher started teaching us to sketch.
sound in Brithsh English.
tell me wheter the British are more likely to pronounce it as 'I: ~'?
Ipo is also a city in Malaysia.
My computer is slightly old and slightly whierd.
I've already graduated from university and my mojor was occupational rehabilitation.
I have just registersed in Lang-8.
I usually record musci from CD and transfer them into my iPod and watch DVDs on my PC.
It worked well except the thing it didnn't have any disk drive.
My life seems such a catastrophe that I counldn't help but sob for all my past teen-life.
Is it alright for a sophemore to dream anthying about her future?
I had to mediate a conflict of opinions, because an employeebe had been in trouble with the store manager for a couple of weeks.
On the other hand, 12% of people report that they dislke obese people, less than the 16% in 2003.
By the way, recentry one my lang-8 friends said that he dislikes female smokers.
The idea that a person's character is desided by blood type is wrong, because the fact that there aren't relations between a blood type and a character has been proved scientifically.)
I studied English in many places in Peru. In Japan I use the little I know. Maybe I speak English poorly, but I feel that I speak fluently. I don't think I can undertand much.
This morning, he woke up earyl at 7.
I usually eat out becaouse I have lived a single life for 9 years.
It's a very famouse dish in Japan and it's very easy to cook!
I haven't writton a diary entry for a while, haha!
I found I would be late to my germany class.
(A heavily editted and dubbed English virsion of this film was released under the title ``Worriors of the Wind`` in the 1980s, but it didn't follow Miyazaki's original plotline.
Now a ``no-edit`` virsion is available.)
I recommend the manga virsion too.
My husbund called, ``Pass the solt!``
I didn't know why he asked, but I brought the solt box to him.
She said that she wanted me to read outsite her room, because she would like to sleep in her room, but I didn't mind; I still stayed there for a long time and fell asleep in her room.
I write down my firts entry into my english diary today.
I'm very nervous becouse my english is so terrible.
I had my hair cut doday.
What was interesting was that someone who wore an armband which had the characters ``STAFF`` warned a man who was smoking in the yard neaby my lab not to smoke there.
My other friend Netz (Short for Nezacant) gave me a shield.
The reson was work.
before I answred that question, I asked how old she was.
One of them is the Gneral Relativity, Special Relativity and Photoelectric effect.
In theory, we can go to the futuer by way of Relativity.
But, there are problems (with going) to the futuer.
You can go to futuer when you slove these problems.
So light spread as wate and ligth is composed of particles which we don't see.
Light is the only material which has qyantum nature.
Even if I get a full score on the writting test, it's unlikely that I'll pass the ikkyu test.
I'm a house wife but my family let me alone and prepaired food for me during those two days.
When I went around Pris, I saw a lot of beautiful places, including classic and old buildings.
I coud not write my entry yesterday because there was thunder and lightning last evenig.
My friend and I looked for somewhere quiet to study Chinese and Thai language, we did not find a good palce so, yesterday we studied at Macdonald's but there was a lot of music and a lot of student doing their homwork.
I don't know why but I know we have a good mood all the time and like to smile at people wheather we know them or not.
I asked her about if in China they have Kung Fu or not, she laught and said yes but it's diffirent in the movie because they can't sping up a tree or a roof and things like that.
Look at the frist picture. Have you seen it before?
I'm reading, serching and writing in the train using my MacBook Air.
I have some plans and hopeness for 2009.
I hope to study English continueally with members of my office department, as well as start studying Chinese and other languages.
I think it is difficult for me to choreographering dances,
Rakuten's president said that speaking in English is inevitable to expand its business outside of Japan since the Jpanese market is shrinking due to the reduction of the population.
But it's a little bit contravasal because it's very rare for a Japanese company to use English as an official language.
Even successful Japanese companies in different contrieds like Toyota, Nintendo, etc do not use English as a official language yet.
I think people who alredy study English like us in Lang-8 don't think it's a huge burden.
I wonder how they prepare for its gols.
This Diary is an English-Laerning-Record and Life-Record.
Today I attended an editorial meeting of an acamic journal of gerontology.
I'm fifthteen, I study Art in Malaysia.
Yesterday was very good taiming to come back to Japan, because now a big and
Next time I write, I'll discribe many things.
I love anymal.
Eating dgs shoud be banned.
Headache occured by a bad smell.
Do you have any hoppies?
Do I call them ``hoppies``?
Because, coffee farmers should get a higher imcome.
This game is between Japan and Hollad.
my sentencies are very foolish..
I can't serect good sentencies..
I studied much harder than before, but unexpectly, I got poor grades.
She is such a cool woman, isnn't she? But, the only word I know of to describe her is ``cool``.
I am a person who looks on the bright side and is an enthusiastic self-motivater.
These days young people don't necesarilly have it on New Year's,
I live alone and far away from my hometown, so I wasn't gona to have osechi ryouri because it would be too much for me to eat by myself.
Last December, my sister called me all of a sudden and said: '' I won this expensive OSECHI ryouri in a BINGO game at my company's party, but I cannot receive it on December 31 because I'm going back to our hometown. So I'm asking if you could go and accept it at the restaurant. I heard its very delisious! ''
She said that she misses me, and she may possibly come in Oktober, but only for a weekend.
Shikoku is noted for their noodles, hot springs and beautifl nature.
If I run into a foreiner, he/ she gives me a kind of smile.
But neative speakers occasionally can't understand what they want to say even though we as non-natives can understand it.
For our office, we usually buy toilet papers thorugh the delivery service of office supplies, however, because the earthquake occurred on March 11th, this service had stopped.
I lile him because he is very kind.
I didnn't know that many people in korea can speak english fluently even though they don't have any experience abraod.
I was shocked and I thought back to mayself.
I am taking English lesoon.
Do you guys care whether your borthers and sisters are older or younger than you.
When I ask you, ``Do you have any brothers and sisters?``, you might answer ``Yes, I have two borothers.``
Every Friday I felt tired, although there was little work that needed to be comopleted immediately.
But, I couldn't undestand his English...
I shall call him again after I can soeak English fluently.
The reason is: there is no chaire.
Waiting for the bus took about 40 minits, until it came to the station:)!
According to the wheather news, it will snow next week here in Niigata, Japan.
This is the first time I'll experience the winter in Niiagata so I'm wondering if I will survive the upcoming winter.
it might be bad thing brcause many men would like to marry women who are good at cooking.
As I get married, it would not be good for my relatonship because my husband will be eating my dinner and my breakfirst. So if my cooking is bad, we would have some issues that I can't make a nice dinner.
I am jealous that this site's members can write such good Jananese compositions!!
and yet we sonetimes regret our choices.
Just compare marits?
Or just risten to advice?
But the rasult was the result, I must accpet it.
I usually tap tapdance alone.
It was colod, but we felt hot
He is th blind twenty-year-old pianist who won the thirteenth Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in June.
I am not familliar with classical music, but I think his music is very beatiful and touching.
Today, I went to shopping near the station becouse today is a national holiday in Japan. oooh FUN!
Electric utility expense reises this summer.
Hm, sounds studpid?
I was so proude of myself.
Would you tell me if the scenery is still as beautiful as the sunset I saw with my fmaily twenty years ago?
When I was a junior high, one girl who was not my classmate came up to me and said, ``Are you gay?`` I couldn't understand what she said at first but I replied ``well I have a sister so you might feel so.`` This is not an anwer at all but I managed to say that.
It is very rural. I love Yamagata becaouse I can relux.
I practiced drawing dinosaurs, but they look like crocodilia a little.
I don `t have anything special to do, so I usually watch america dramas.
The other thing I remember well is that the victims were transfromed into hedgehoggy monster-like figures like once in the aircraft.
Bean throwing, which is called mamemaki, is done at home on the day of Setsubun.
But such a considertion is a dangerous myth.
I think they're difinitely great.
I begin to study Enlish with this site.
I pefer the version where the princess kisses the frog and the frog turns back into the prince.
We promissed to go to another tennis camp in the summer!
I have memorized lots of vocaburaries, but the dictionary that I use is still very limited.
deeling off the bottom
The police found evidence that the two companies had been deeling off the bottom of the deck.
I see a pile of clothes and I question/ (ask) myseft: ``Why do we wear clothes?``
She was a completly/ really stupid girl and she spent two years in jail in America.
She experienced life in an america jail.
My neme is Kaori.
becouse it isn't the same as Japanese.
I'm going to shcool tomorrow, so I hope it'll be good weather.
I've been learning english sice last summur.
and I want to talk with forigner.
My friend who is a 28 year old woman is thinking about getting marrige.
Her thoughts are completly different from his parents '.
I wiil go shopping to get some groceries.
l am studying English at a langage school in Brisbane.
I want to speak and undersand English better.
I made Miso suop and another dish.
The Miso soup was a littel bit thick.
I always wantded to be a cook.
I sometiomes use stamps at my job for my customers.
I made a decisioin to buy a house, and moved to a better neighborhood in late 2007.
I will write just a little abit of English today because
I wil read my old diaries nd try to understand them again to help me make my English good in the futur.
Although the internet is more and more popular among students, there is no doubt that a book is a vital way of studing.
However, I have to consider the people who corrected my grammer.
It is still very hot, burningly hot, in the daytime, but it has been getting cooler in the morning and the evening day by day.
Moreover, all of the users are friendry and very kind.
Last nigth I spoke on ICQ with my friend in English.
Themes were different: religion, musik, job.
We address those who are older than us by their names + san, but when I was in Cairns, Australia, nobady asked me to call them 'Mr or Ms ~'.
Perhaps they would get nervos in the fight and they couldn't give their full power and technique because they are polite and gentle guys.
This is my first english diray, and I am very excity. I reside in Chengdu, China. It's a very nice and friendly city. hehe, It's like a panda country. Have you seen Kung Fu Panda?
She thougth that she had been living a boring life.
So many people are suffering because of unexploded bombs and mines in Bietnam and around Tailand.
But at Shinjuku, JR also anounced that their service was stopped because of an accident.
On the way there, I drew out 100 thousant won from my account using a card.
The roads/ roadways of HCM are always jammed/ jam-packed with traffic.
For entainment and creation, all you need to do is install it.
beauifull Spring!
I offen see caple of Japanese woman and foreign man.
is Jpanese Man not popular with foreign girl?
Plese correct my dialy.
I hope I will have someone to give chicolate to next year!!
Also, I realised that I got close to paradice or heaven in a different way.
In the bus, I met three foreign student, one is American, another is German and the other one is from Holand. They want to vistor the ``Tian an men``, but they didn't know how to get there.
I want to go to many resturants, but I'm only here for five days.
Before the coming winter, I (prepar) for the cold.
I saw two of my idels today.
The corectee might have believed those mistakes were right.
I have notied that I feel the Japanese economy gradually worsen.
To sove the problem, I believe that youg people should go overseas and study, travel, help developing countries and so on.
I went to this course, becouse I can read English text (not good, but I can), I can understand english speech (worse, but I can), but I can't speak it!
David Coverdele is one of my favorite singers.
Because his voice is adrable, many people are fascinated.
I couldn't unerstant!!!
I haven't wrotten a thread for a while.
Meetting my friend, Eatting nice food,
Sleepping a lot, studying english, I can do that ^ 3 ^
I'm going to take part in Hana where I learn English skeaking with. foreigners.
If you eat HoBBang, you may say ``Ho ~ Ho ~`` while eatting.
So I've made up my mind to learn it seriously as I studay for my profession.
I'm growing some vegetables in my beranda.
Last Suturday I had my hair cut.
Today is April Fools 'Day. In the US, peopie usually fool their good friends to make everyone happy.
because the older generation don't like it. In their ideas we will be very impliet if we did that.
After posting my journal yesterday, I regretted it a lot because I wondered if my journal entry might sound offense.
I want to say that English helps me to express my emotion more easiler than Japanse.
I think that there are some culuture differences in there.
As my college is in Kyoto, I usualy only go around in that area.
but, I am going to Tokyo to take a seminar for job appricants tomorrow.
So I think that I am busy, but I would think that ``busy`` is evedence of living a full life.
Well I just signed on. I hope that with this web site I will improve my englsh skills
Eeting is important.
They don't want to upload their own pictures or carrers.
I want to have the ablity to be able to help somebody easly.
May this new year bring you many oppertunities
I'm a university student studying archtectures.
This is my frist trip abroad.
The next day, my left hand had turned pale and a litle swollen.
I went shpping with my mom.
There will be an unique ceremoney.
By yhe way do you know, '' Turtle Talk ''?
First I have to decide a specific goal for example to pass one qualification, to teke an exam, or to get a job.
It is most inportant that I continue with my goal.
I ended up eathing too much.
I have a running nose, but I don't want to see the doctor, because the medicine will make me more unconfortable.
I think music is like a beatiful performance. It's something essential like a type of language.
There is beautifl natural places in NZ, and it is similar to my hometown.
Tommorow, I will walk around town.
The day before yesterda was the Midsummer Day of the Ox.
Even if I achieve that perpose, I will not be able to speak English, because paper tests evaluate only my reading and listening skill.
Studing the written and reading tests don't help me speak English and learn English expressions.
Ive just looked up the word ``progress`` on an English dictionary which is Longman dictonary.
I came back from my business trip last night and I jogged to the office to deal with the receipts to get the compensaion now.
I often eat out, like at McDonal `s.
Right now, I'm watching a TV program about the Houbble (Space) Telescope.
Mein Vater ist beamtin.
Active: I washed my dishes befor I came here.
* Japan 1-0 Camerune!!
They had great performanced
It was too difficult to communicate well with the foreigners, but I enjoied spending time with them.
As a matter of fact, I like listening to him at th meetings.
Some of my frinds can't drink them because if they do, they hurt their throats.
The most important thing about English is to grasp the common vacabulary and the prenounciation of each word, which I am sticking to neither.
We mostly choiced the topic about the teacher, only he choice tennis.
He also used his camera to record other student's activities exaggeratively.
When once in the class, he aslo did this, the teacher was very angry, he hit the student's head with a dumbbell.
I want to wisit the school to pay my respects to the teachers but I can 't
I feel like the happpiest person in the world
It is my firt time writing a diary in English.
In conclusion/ Finally, I think I become a more comprecated person when I speak English.
Actually, my parents are getting divored as they always argue about things. even in front of me.
So, this incident reassures me that I should get out my own country, Japan, since there is no place I can be return to after I graduate from my college... even though the real reason why I wana leave Japan has something to do with my big dream.
I wanted to go on a trip abroad during GW, but my wish wasn't realized beacuse of the reason above.
some people mihgt tell me
I'm styaing in Australia to study English.
I drove my car onto the main street and found that it was congested (du che); it was rainning at that time.
Heavy traffic blocked the street. Thirty mintutes later, I got out of my car to find out what had happend.
I walked back to my car, turned on the radio and waitted.
beacuse this book has so much slang
Other than the internet I learn from apllications such as ``Windows``:)))) I need a lot of help becouse I find English a dificult language to learn.
Because it takes about 30 muinites to drive there from my house.
I need to do some streching and start to take care of my health.
I won't fail to fulfill my resolution.
If I become a menber before Jan.
Yesterday I arranged that I would lern English grammar.
He jumped into the sea and he almost drowed.
Whenever I see an English sentence, I have to think about it, and then translate it before I can undertstand the meaning of it.
This space seems like a place to wirte a daily diary.
I thought, I shoul write something in the ``About me`` section.
I was unplezantly surprised that a lot of my mistakes deal with articles.
But I found that Janpanese was much more difficult than English to learn.
I wonded if he mentioned it because he wanted to invite me or because he just wanted to tell everyone the news?
But the realiy is not allowed us to choose right (decesion).
First, when I wanted to buy some street food or drink I always used my fidex and middle finger to show I needed two meals or two cups.
But they show a thumb for one, and the fidex finger was for two.
They were allowed to smoke in the restaurent, too.
Silvano was so patient wih me.
As you know I don't like politicians publically speaking, but there is one politicions that I want to hear speak, Junichiro Koizumi.
Now Tarou Asou is president, who is known as the way to fun speach. (??)
I often talk with my friends from Europe on Skype, but I always forget English words and I cannot explain how I feel well:(I feel very frustrated and I've been wondering when my Emglish will improve!
But my vocabularly was too limited to make the conversation interesting.
I'm not going to say anything about the story anymore becasue there are some people who haven't seen it.
In Germany, a genius Japanese doctar named Tenma had seaved a boy's life through operation.
Unfortunately, Johan was a genius person who killed without thinking about the siginificance of human life
MONSER is one of the most populer comic book in Japnan
Thanks a lot for reading my sentents.
I even thought anything would do as long as it wsa a living thing.
After I separated from my friend, I also felt another afterschock in Tokyo while I was waiting for my bus.
After taking my antibiotics, I made a rush for the school so desperately that I forgot to eat something. I tought I would be able to buy something once I arrived.
But my vocabulary is poor for traslate the meanings of this.
Befor the semester started, I was join the magic clob in my university.
Fireworks to be held tonght in my town
Fireworks is an anual summer event in my town.
But according to the weather infomation, it seems like the weather might be poor today.
In Japan, the 29th of April was a pubulic holiday.
However, I am often said ``You look like a half-beed!`` I think that's because of my brown eyes, but I'm pure Japanese.
Today, I woke up at 8: 00 AM, drank cofee, and watched TV.
When I am writing a diary, I use a vocabllary book.
Do you know about Nagano? Do you know about the Nagano Olympics in 1998? Nagano also has famous plase.
For Forexsample, Zenkouji is a very old shrine!
Would you serch the internet? It is a very big shrine!
In 1992, I went to Thiland for meet my famiry.
But evetually I managed it and we made dericious ``Japanese mugwort rice cake``.
It rainning cats and dogs in the morning, but then turned sunny in the afternoon.
In the Middle East, they've made a truce between the Isralis and the Palestanians.
I'm not as fascinated with it as she is (that would be difficult:P), but I enjoyed the beatiful romanticist and photo-realistic paintings.
They are so carm.
When president obama was speeching,
Recently I've watched 'Star Trec-Voyager' to improve my listening skill.
But my english teacher recommended to watch 'Star Trec-Voyager' because the actors and actress speak clearly.
So here I'd like to study techical English and find new friends (fram all over the world, but it seems to be only a dream).
However there was no answer and I opend the door. A middle-aged woman in a green shirt was sat down on the toilet.
When I opened the door she looked surpried and I was also surprised because I thought that nobody was in there.... We looked at each other for a very short time.
Today,_ it was a beatiful day.
I sterted a Twitter account.
So I hope that some day, we can meet in heavn.
Everytime, I always use my iPhone for something nonecessary.
I have been in the USA for 1 and harf years.
While I was working at a Japanese company in Japan, I sometimes got phone calls from the other contry's company.
I'm fine thank you and you? ``at athat time.
Please collrect my sentences if I make a mistake.
I have been working for one year and I have learned a lesson--I lack counage, which is a disadvantage at work.
Life sucks without true love, I msut learn what to do to find zeal for my work.
I woule not be skilled enough.
'Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!', she shouted suddenly and ran into the living room, and she said that some blak object fell.
Do you knou ``Fantasista``?
First of all, population growth has gratly influenced the world.
For this reason, I discided to use this gym quickly.
But to be honet, it was totally fun. haha.
If only I could belive it caused no pain or little pain.....
It is very cothic and turned my thoughts to ghosts.
I was taking some photos of the church iyself, and of me next to it, but this photo is the best one for me, becouse it creates jouful emotions in my heart and soul.
My mother took us to the station and I took the trin.
I think I lack knowlage and books may help me to express my own ideas.
I finished reading ``Wuthering Heights`` yeaterday.
If you have any reccomendation, please tell me. ^ ^
I only have the datebase in my PC.
I got a ticket for Kenji Ozawa concert.
He is very critical of capitalism (particulary Amrica) on his site.
I sometimes use paper or solid models which I made, beause it's hard to describe through only speaking.
I jogged only on the weekend, but I think it has is little effect in decrese my weight.
Please crrect my Poor English sentences.
The daughter who will arrive first will arrive early next Tursday morning.
But she is really Enlish, and she speaks almost exclusively in English.
Since everyone has his own fata.
Another two days of the week, I worked in the training center of an universitie from
Could somebody think of adjectives which do not have superlative or comperative forms?
Hello, evryone!
I got always flitened (scared) every time I heard it.
It's especailly good for improving my listening and speaking skills in English.
I think studying Engish by watching soap operas is more effective than studyng with books.
``Charo`` is a Eglish learning program by NHK, a Japanese broadcasting campany.
The radio version is little bit longer and more difficult and has more datails.
When I get tired of studing English, I just listen to the story.
That's why I believe it is the best brogram.
I am writting for the first time at Lang-8.
I know some of my frieds work about 14-15 hours a day.
So I practise my English, study accounting and go for a run to excercise in my spare time.
I think that forigner are more open-minded, so I can make friends more easily.
I see Jhon get on a train and it leaves XXX station at 6 p. m.
And on the tarin I come across a man and he asks me what train Jhon got on.
I think I could say something like, ``(Jhon got on) The train that pulled out of XXX station at 6 p. m.`` But, I want to explain without referring to time.
ideal: What's the ideal educational style for Americam people? (for?)
However, because we chose an area of higher altitude, we had very good snow condithon.:-)
I felf very tired and stressed, but it was very interesting.
What is culture? It refers to the civilization and customs of a cretain race or nation.
We do and say things that maybe we would not doin other counties, so knowing a counties 'culture is improtant if you will communicate with global people and travel to different areas.
I think a very imprntant reason is that we have different religious beliefs, follow different customs, and live in different environments.
I am learning English leanguage in a short time and I don't know how to write it well.
I think that it is a nice website because a lot of people can quicly learn language, so I want to write here once a week and if you can, show me and correct my mistakes.
Today I recive 4 pieces of clothing that I bought from Taobao.
``Gheimeh`` is a popular dish in Iran and it is also cooked in most religious ceremonies like some cermonies that are held in two days called ``Ashoora`` and ``Tassoa`` (``Ashoora`` and ``Tasooa`` are the days that Muslims, especially Shias mourn for ``Emam Hossain``).
Becuase of this use, some people called ``Gheimeh``, a dead person's meal.
For cooking ``Gheimeh`` we need some ingeredients like beef or lamb that are cut into small pieces, some onions, split-peas, tomato paste, some potatoes, cooking oil, salt, and some spices like red or black peper and tumeric.
In the next stage, peel and cut potatoes and fry them; you can also cut some mashrooms and a green pepper into small pieces and add it to the frying potatoes, then add salt and red or black pepper to the mixture.
But when my room is tidy, I feel more enegetic.
I've alwalys wanted to buy shoes for spring.
When we lend some money to someone, we should determine a pricise date of repayment.
I aprreciate the memories and wonderful favors in my life.
One of frineds said they are just looking for a Japanese girl because they are pretty and easy to play.
According to the program, he still lives in a small town where he was born and lives like an ordinary local person even though he is a billionair.
However, I've succeeded in redusing weight byten kilogram within a half a year.
Actually, I like wearing smart clothing and want to be seen as having acool apearance but it is clucial for me to have a good, healthy body.
I am goig shopping today andI can't waitt.
I am looking for my own house thes days.
So hte proncipal decided to suspend the first grade class.
I havn't been here for more than a month because I didn't have a conputer.
But I coudn't understand very well.
So, I am starting on the diet when I cook traditinal Japanese food.
Today's manu is Udon and seawood salad.
I was amaized that Japanese food really doesn't need oil.
I felt that I couldn't do that, so I reamined standing.
On hallowwn day, I joined the parade at 6 av in NY.
I want to have a more crative job.
conditionaer makes my difficult hair easy to comb.
Reading sections, espcially the grammer section, were not very good.
I bought many souveniors, for example, postcards, ornaments and a lot of tableware.
it takes ten minutes to get there by bcycle.
It was made using concreate, not wood like the other castles, so it is just a museum inside.
The fondation of this castle is a stone wall using a lot of big stones like other castles, but there are some huge stones here, like the second photo attached.
My ankle still aches a lettle: <
Tomorrow, I'll enjoy being with my family, playing game together and talking about something in traditonal event days.
Im'm worrying a lot these days.
Finally, they bacame friends.
I was frasturated.
After watching the movie we went to an Italian restrant and chatted a lot XD
They usually say ``happy Valentine's day``. But then I often feel annory because the day didn't belong to me.
But then other people messaged me ``happy Valentine's day, even though we don't love each other``. haha ~ ~ now I feel happy, even though I haven't** But I have some good friends. The last time, we went to Barbecue restaurant to eat a lot of different foods. And it's interesting, a group of obaasan (old women) were singing loudly and drinking next to us. They looked so happy that day. Just some old womam, no roses, no chocolates, but happy all the same!
My hpliday has been going so fast
corecting donations and taking them to the communities office before ten.
I saw an USPS driver throwing a package up onto the second-floor balcony of an apartment haouse!
To my dear friends who are living arond the world now:
If you don't have that, I too sugest you find it out soon.
I hope you will be happy to finding a nice pertner.
Anyway, the doctore (s) told me to get some more excersice (>_ <)
At the end of the month, we must submit our presentation to the chief excutives.
Mebourne is good city to live but I hate Melbourne weather!
It's the last concert of univercitiy.
When people crticized it is hard..
The sports festival wii be held next Friday.
I evny her because her English pronunciation was more fuluent than when I saw her 1 montn ago.
My department held a welcome party for new empoyees today.
I want to be a prischool teatcher.
I'm in my friends room, in Yokohama, ristening to music
Talking to him, I dected that my english was becoming poorer nad poorer.
It is very important becouse there is a danger that a new product will eat into the share of the market `s existing products.
She told me that the company wanted to fill several manager positions with people from all areas of Japan, then she called again to tell me the day of the interveaw.
Today, I will answer a qestion.
The Qestion is: ``When you're feeling sad, what do you to feel better?``
It takes 60 mins to get there and 60 mins to come back...
Ono was taken to a plice station under suspicion of violating the (a?) Maintenance of Public Order Law.
The prosecution and the Court ratified the ``Black Trial`` made up by the Tokko Plice.
Because it was so hot and humid, just staying at hotel was irriating enough.
However, there was a laiser show that night.
But he is pritty cute to me.
I figued out the reason.
I think that they met their fiances, fell in love, knew each other well and decided to get merried.
My older sister sent me a picture of her and her hasband.
Recently, I bigan reading and listening through iphone.
English tutor said: ``You have to study grammer lessons.``
The main purpose of this trip is to attend a conference hosted by Microsoft Corporation at Microsoft Campus in Redmond near Seattle, but first, I'm goint to Las Vegas today (for no special reason).
I want to join other class from this autumn, kins of gym, tennis, or something like that.
It was not too sunny yesturday and I didn't care if I became sunburned, but now my skin has become an awful red color.
I'm a Chinese girl who lives in Austrilia now.
This is my first time using this kind of website because my friend recommonded it to me.
But I always do my best to comunicate with foreiners by using as many expressions as I know.
I have never come into so difficult questions given as prictice.
A few mins ago, there was an announcement that the flight to Shenzhen will be delayed for about 2 hours.
My granma said that holy ghosts protected me as goardian and kept thier eyes on me at my birthday.
Acutually, I finished all of my classes except an English Adcance class.
When I lived in Japan, playing the piano and going to my favorite places with my hsband were the best way for relieving stress,
Of course I like talking my friedns, going shopping and so on.
Shoud CEOs be limit on salaries?
This theme is mentioned by that Wall Street provided complax financal products that led to resession on worldwide.
Of course I sent a message to my English teatcher.
There is not a single clowd in the sky.
But I don't like to study grammer, so I allways use few words with broken grammer.
Like every studengt in China, I have studied English for 10 years.
We went shopping and bought pants and a jocket.
This test is very important (no comma) because it is essential for me to be an exchange student between my university and Frorida State University to study.
My cousin tought me how to see my friends 'sex and native language at Lang-8.
I can use skype& yahoo messanger!
We played sccoer game and wii sprots.
I have two ways to improve my vovabulary study; one is to read DUO 3. 0 books and the other is to read a simple English news site every day.
Recentaly, I haven't been studying English because I have been neglecting it every day.
But, I will start sutudy English again from today onwards.
I've taken care of the people who have deppression, so I can handle them, but it was my first time treating a person with bipolar disorder.
Here in Japan there are many rain showers in the spring and automn.
I'm looking foward to coming back here next time.
I want a Korean-Jananese dictionary to understand the words oftheir songs!
I'll stick to studying Ebglish the future!!
My supervior told me that it is tough to teach students English.
So she is qute.
The guy sitting next to me is borhering me.
There are Japanese, Korean, blazilian and Chinese students in my class.
My teacher looks like Hagrit.
But to tell the truth, the reason why I love her is unexplanable.
I wish everyone a happy happytime on Valntine's day...
I rememberd my trip to France three month ago:)
I have some quetions.
When we take this examination, we are all very nurvouse because volanteers play the role of patients.
Then he died at 65 years old while I was in my first year of erementary school.
I posted my first diary half a month ago, but to my dispointment, it
After that, I went back home and cleaned. In the evening, I went out with my friend. He isnn't my boyfriend yet. We've only known each other for one week,
I'm afried that I might be falling in love!
I'm wathiching the Japanese movie ``Death Note`` on TV.
Both an investigator and the climinal who uses the notebook take center stage.
What do you think about Japanese car makers, for example, Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Mitubishi and Mazda?
I read books for 10 minutes when my eyes feel sored, or I'll run outside to make my blood stream more active.
It's time to finish writing this entry because at this time, 8 p. m., I've got to walk around for exersice.
The books are ``The traveler's gift: seven deisions that determine personal success`` and ``Mastering the Seven Decisions that Determine Personal Success`` written by Andy Andrews.
After half of a day I recived it by a deliveryman and read it immediately.
Fanally I finished reading the book
I accepted the situation, and now I'm clazy about Lang-8 right beside them.
I couldntn't calm down, so I hit the wall in a restroom in the station.
Yesterday, my syster and I went to the cinema and watched ``Gnomeo and Juliet``.
reflect: If the light from a mirror reflect to the paper, it burns. (I feel this sentence is wierd but I don't know why:p)
defend: He tried to fefend himself but everyone spoke at once, so he couldn't even say anything.
My parants and uncle visited a temple where she was buried.
My family is buddism so we believe that the 49th day is
We had a relligious servis and prayed for her.
but I can't think of a serious topic so I decided to talk about techniqques for men.
``Don't raugh!`` I said to him in English.
(Question:) shoul cars be banned from city centers?
It leads global warmin.
donno why, but I was cracking up badly lol
Tha band I saw is a Japanese band called Kirinji, which is not so famous even among Japanese.
It's sometimes not fun (to much presure) doing work in my clinic.
I feel intersting when they smile after I say something to them.
Let's try having fun (plesure) in our day even if it is work!
The right picture is the secound tea.
Wave dinamics, thermodynamics... (particularly WAVE) everything about physics makes me confused.
We've had studied English at least for 6 ysers.
My familly is going to my grandmather's house.
Ahaha, I looked it up in the dictionary, but I couldn't catch the slight difference.
I can read English newpapers and books without big problems and have made a big improvement in listerning,
I should learn more about grammer,
I cooked Tandoori chicken with my friends at a cooking class. Last week one of my friends said, ``Let's go to a cooking class togather.`` I wanted to know how to cook Tandoori chicken. I decided to go to it.
And, the order, starting from closest the barin is; thecerebrum, the brain stem, which is a vital part in center) spinal cord, whichis atthe end of the central nervous system) and peripheral nervous system, whichare the nerves below spine).
In Japan, I can't imagine all adults would wear helmets when they ride their mama charis (?); that would be ridiculous.
But I don't forgetot to drink beer!
While she was out, I came into the house and hid in the box which my mother-in-law had parepared.
I swithed/ turned on my favorite radio station.
So, I think that my poste is finished.
It's my firt text on this site.
so I maked a cake and made rice this morning.
I gave her a present for her Bithday, which was 5 days ago.
I think that remebering other people's names and calling them by them is very important.
When it comes to remembering people's names, we try to make excuses saying ``I am busy with my own work, I don't have time to remember people's names``, or ``How can I remeber everyone's name?``.
A leading actor is Sylvester Starlone, and he was the movie director, too.
Another actors were Iason Statham, Bruce Wlills, and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently glid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.
I got up early this mornig because it was terribly cold.
Ok, knowing that categorical vocabulary is getting more important than it was before, I take the responsiblity to memorize them with a mor efficiency.
'' Was my borther reluctant to get up at three in the morning? ''
My major is international relations, and I want to be a dplomat.
In Japan, TV programs are highly developed adn devised ``;`` or ``, and`` culture and languages can be shown through the device.
There were a lot of people coming from diffent countries.
I thoguht he was poorly taken care of.
I was surprised becuase I often parked there instear of parking in the parking lot by now.
I 't is weird becuase I don't see thered line marked along the street, I don't know why it is illegle to park there.
And the same day, I arrived at Heathlow, England.
Originally I'm not good at Englih, and additionally, Japanese people learn American English in school.
Maybe I saw Selena Gomez (After seeing her, I used ``gogole``, since I knew her name).
Last, I ate a delicious cake and that was the end of my brithday!!
I mande an appointment with my frined, but she is not the same person from the chicken conversation.
They all said that the cabbage I cooked was delicious! It was a great success! They gave me the courge to learn more about cooking.
Though I study English a lot, my score is the worset score in decades.
I started studying English because I am a computer programer.
I'm optimatics ha ha ha.
When we are learning foreign languages, we are liable to think that we shouldn't use our mother tougues often.
What makes our lives collapse is defenitely negative thought.
So I was very excited when I read the news about Haneda airport, the closest airport to Tokyo, opening a new tarminal for international flights.
They emerged from MySpace first, and recently they have become famous in JapanI, I think because of her cuteness and some songs...
They must have felt more scarly than me.
I have some flowerpots and a veriety of flowers are planted in those.
Thanka for your reply a few lines.
If we recite a sutra once, we will live peacefuly in the next world.
I found this site on AERA engilish and I'm interested in it because I am studying English now.
My husband has entried for a full marathon but he hasn't run such a long distance in his life!
I don't want to paticipate in any marathon definitly.
I remember how I got discouraged by my English teacher inthe cram school.
There, instructers always cheer me up when I can't say what I want to say.
I can learn what is wrong with my sentense and a more natural style of writing.
* Today I learned where can communicate with other country's friedns.
* As English major student, I think I should learn English well, so I am reading an English book, 'Blach Boy' by Richard Wright.
I couldn't understand all of the story, but I know aproximately what this book is about.
Althogh I read the book slowly and don't understand all of it, someday I will be able to read fluently.
I bilieve that.
How about brithen??
There were many believers and tourisms visiting the famous temple.
However, in high schools we can't choose the classes. That also includes middle and elementry schools.
And if we want to make high schools bigger, we have to build more constructure and it will waste a lot of money.
Some iPod appications are very useful to me for learning more English vocabulary/ phrases and sentences.
Some example senteces are welcome.
I am a new employee in a company, and because my job may use English, I have to improve my English. When I was in school, I studied 6 years of English, but I have forgotten somemore.
Since then, intricate networks of power lines and utility poles have become prevalant in a short time with the increase in human residences.
Now the beauty of the neon from human civilzation is are replacing that of the starlight here.
We went to an all you can eat restaurant, and the price was NT550 per person, which is equivalent to 15 us dollors.
Besauce the restanrant is so popular, we had to wait for like a half hour.
That Taiwanese guy asked my studnts's phone number, and she gave it to him.
I realizd that I had wonderful friends and that I should enjoy anything that may happen.
It was not possible to go to nanode sea.
and I arrieved at city after 30 minutes.
There was a lot of delicouse food.
I have been waitig for ``twilight``.
I asked my friend for the audio books as suvenior.
I will continue reading from page 52 tonigth.
In addition, walking and hiking aroud parks and collecting flowers and plants are also a good example.
I saw many of my myfriend online.
artical.
In addition, I have something to request of you. Can you share your expreience about learning Japanese?
I even forgot a lot of garmmer.
I'm in such a good mood becasue my weekend was wonderful.
It's rainning today, thus I'm so gloomy.
Since this morning, it has been rainning outside.
We had some bread for breakfirst.
I've decided not to use a translator for looking at how sentences shoul look.
I would keep dancing but I don't have enought money.
Accessories like rings, neckless and bracelets, Hanbok, Korean traditional clothes, and more.
I feel so bad after getting angery.
Is he a clone of the armer polot whose father is a heroic astranaut?
I had no plans to begin with, so I went to school to check if the exchange list and the exam scedule were available yet.
Returning home for the second time, we rememberd that two of our friends have a birthday in the coming month.
We don't like them because they're good at sports (football, tennis, cyclism...).
They eat horrible things such as jely or pudding, one of the most horrific nightmares for a French person.
-Africans (black people in general): they are lazy, only good at athletism or football (but they're not technical, they only run).
French in general: it's agreed that we strike, criticise/ critize, and moan too much.
And my car will be a totall loss after test-driving it!
Its contente is to improve the communication skills.
I was a system enjener in Japan, but I want to find anothe intersing job here.
I was so sleppy, I couldn't consentrate on tha class.
But if you are in relationship and if you say to your friends that you are not going out with your boyfriend on Christmas holiday, they would think it is a little wierd.
I registre on this site because I want learn English.
He ack like he really cares about the buppy in the computer.
He might want to say 'Hello I am a buppy nice to meet you':)
After checked in the hotel, I went to Union squqre to take part in a ride on a private cable car that took us to our diner restaurant.
It has been while since I last wirte here.
So please keep wirting in here and I will continue to support you.
One of them brought insecticide and an antiseptic spray buttle, and he squirted and sprayed me.
They are crazy and make me frastrated!!
I watched a random episode of Friends and realized how much I loved the show when I was younger and I totally shipped (loved??) Ross& Rachel, because I always thought they belonged togehther.
I don't usually buy imported items because they are a bit pricer than regular items, but they were on sale.
Going to ltaly ~
Today, I will introduce my favorate building ~ The great wall.
But I don't wanna be in this present situatuion.
Yesterday I was caught in a sudden shower when I went out with my girlfrend in Ginza.
Therefore, it encouraged me to commuicate with others.
There were also a lot of people who had frequently spoken English, they could talk with others as what they wanted and express theiy thoughts and ideas clearly.
yoiu can see that I'm totally not interested in what you are saying (those fucking business), and then you get pissed off and say that I have bad attitude.
I just found this site now accidentary, and I think it will help a lot with improving my English.
But to me, his English seems excelent.
The other ingredients are Tofu, cabbege, pork and mushrooms.** space after commas
Although a ``know it all`` is an ironical title, I still persue to be one.
Hachi goes to the station with the profressor every time, and from home to the station when hearing the sounds of the train.
Hachi never missed one train and never missed the proferssor.
He still never missed a train, though his master never appare again.
One day, he fianlly goes to heaven to find his master.
I want to make freind all over the world.
But, nowday I have began to say to them.
when we spoke, I couln't help embrassing like stammer.
They were very beautiful and looked like big frowers.
Finally, Tegomass (whichi is a Japanese idol group) appeared on the stage.
Also, you should sit down at a seet near the door.
I often practice dancing with a mirrow, but I can dance freely, using my practice, at nightclubs.
As a matter of fact, I spent about two to three hours talking to my friends on Skipe and serfing the internet, so I didn't get enough sleep.
It coudln't be helped.
At least I can say I didn't waste my time thiniking about the things that could never change.
I work as a privart tutor for students.
Today, I'm very angry besause a my unitersity's student break of traffic rules.
Today I registed for a Lang-8 account.
I work for a Japanese restaurant as a waitless.
Oh my God, It costed 80 thoundsand Vietnam Dong.
Luckily, I found a quite cute pig with a cheap price, just 10 thoundsand Vietnam Dong.
This week is bery hard for me, because I have part time job on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, I plan to play on Thursday, and go Kyoto on Friday. (^ ^)* Of course, I have class. so I must study.
I watch SESAMI STREET podcast on my ipod in English.
my reasons to stady english
so I have to aquire good English communication skills in order to work well.
My plan to study english is to write English compositions and watch DVDs of ``FRENDS,`` which I heard is an intresting comedy in English, everyday day.
In spring every year, Japanese hold partirs in which they welcome freshmen.
Some get too drunk and misbehave. They can be seen sohuting and urinating in the street, while breaking signboards, and so on.
A few days ago, a drunk celebrity was arrested on a chage of indecent exposure, but many people put their signatures on a petition.
Kiyomiya, a very famous Japanese prfessoinal rugby team director.
I know of one great japanese restaunt in shanghai.
My feeilngs were a little bit complicated because I didn't study very hard so I wonder if I should go up or not...
He is shy, so I thougt he might hate me.
(= this means grandmoter) ``, and hugged her.
The memo's contents are life, dialy, work and so on.
I hope I can learn more Endlish and share my life.
Oh, I dontn't have time now.
There are many dishes and many thinds such as choppsticks and so on.
One of my friends is going back her own country at the end of Octorver.
I will introduce you an interesting article in the moring papers.
I am watachiing 'Ponyo' created by Miyazaki Hayao on TV.
After lunch we strolled along asmall streeat.
I became a menber of ``Lang-8`` today.
American Yahoo's accont
I would strongly recommed that you go make an account too.
Then, when I started an aplication ``S/ W`` to make a design for cards, I
noticed the adress data or information was missing.
the adress again.
But my callphone didn't ring.
Other contestants ricited formal speeches, for example some presidents 'speeches.
I thought my recitaition was out of place but one of the professors said it was good because everyone knows the story.
When I was a student at university, I crimbed it two times.
I'm excited and feel a little aneasy.
At the end, they played at Camegie Hall.
Thus I always wear contacut lens
In Japan, most high highschool students wear loafers to school. (``when they go`` is not necessary.)
This is the secound time I write a diary.
I can go manywhere I want.
I couldn't find any empty seats so next time I will come into the class earily.
I am fed up with arguing about probleams.
It is first time I have gont to the mexican restaurant.
Sometimes, I dream of speaking english enfluently.
The lake water was glowing and shimmiering.
The graduation ceremony of our universty takes place on March 17.
Each of our club students traditionaly/ usually write comments on a large graduation card to each student every year.
Because we have commen topics and talked very well before.
I told them I would sign off soom.
I'm not goot at electronic stuffs... so now I'm fighting with them.
I wish that all the world's problems could be solved like children's way of thinkig, naive and simple.
Today, I bigan Lang-8!
Little Amy was fearfull.
I worried about what shoould I write on here mainly.
Exotix Zest
Oh, I have a feeling no one ges them to her...
My grade is not good encough at all.
So I try to keep a close eye on the holl and the costomer.
So I couldn't concentrate on the costomer.
My Vietname colleague asked me to go to a karaoke shop and I went to karaoke.
So, I need to write jornal about this, and post? ather? web site or make somefor notice it.
Recent, I wrote on lang-8, but lang-8 didn't recived it.
That resoult worries me!
My hasbund and I went to a hot spring last weekend.
Anyway I took the English conversation class yesterday and I was so dissapointed because I found thatI could no longer speak like I could when I was in Canada.
and of course I have to answere them in English.
If you found any mistakes or kinda correct but awkword expressions, please correct them.
I hope I don't commit errors, othrwise I will have to recover with your corrections.
I'm not sure how I can make this a sentense if I want to talk about this topic.
I'm attending school to be a japanese teacher for foreigners.
So when I get the skill, I can teach anywhere in the worls!!
So, I can baite him from the tail, better than having had eaten him from the head.
I almost lost my life, but at I last defeated any difficlt and caught my life again.
I will vist the US next year so I need to know more about the US culture.
It's defference from Japanese culture.
I haven't experieced giving tips to a staff.
The Korean woman who served him in the small restaurant was probably suprised because, usually, Koreans don `t expect an expat to speak Korean fluently.
Unfortunatley there is no chili papper Kimbap on the vast list of this restaurant though.
He told me that the spa is becoming popular in the Filipin.
I finished giving a Halloween lesson in my classroom even though hallaween has not happened yet.
It was popular with the mothers, but the littel kids didn't know what a sisiter was.
Some students had thought she was a ghoust so they felt like crying.
There are 2 months left untill this year is finished.
It is never pleasing or proud to hear that the origin of your name came from an advertizement copy!
``Whenever I call your name, I feel like my tongue rolls smothly.
I went to ``Dockland`` where there was a shopping center.
I loveher so much but I can't meet her in reall life.
But I could not do anyting about it.
I couidn't believe it.
Althougt I filed a complait against him, I didn't feel good.
When I get stressed, I will take a bath for a long time or I will watch a moive.
I prefer comedy moives to action moives.
It is fun to watch if there are unkwon actors in the movie.
I wonder what he means exectly...
Second, I jogged 5 miles this morning and practiced golfing in the driving range for 3 hours.
The scenery was so beauriful and there were wonderful buildings in Disneysea.
Because we were there from openning to closing time, my legs hurt.
That night, we had a lot of fun tallking.
We had a relly good time, even though we were tired.
I remembered the theme song of holloween.
Because her birthday was coming soon, we gave her a dinner chicket for that night.
It seems like the inside exposure's damage can be lowered by taking iodine as it halps the body excrete harmful chemicals.
but please don't take this too seriouse.
I have loved a boyfriend until recentry.
Of course we feel a sense of alieanaiton when we see foreigners at airports, other countries or our towns.
Imagine if your country was a samall island and if English is spoken in only your country; it would be a big handicap for you guys.
But of course they only spoke English while we were drinking, so I counld not join the conversation.
The cheaper price and the better qulity are the characteristic of our center canteen.
I like sutudying other languages becaouse I can meet a lot of people and learn about the world (?).
The things that happned last night didn't arise from the differences of our calutures but were personal matters, I think;-)
But our American frends couldn't understand her feelings (of course, they didn't understand Japanese).
I think it is natural that this happens and it is interesting to comunicate with someone who is from a different country.
Anyway, I am turnig 20 this month.
But I figured out the view of the town is so amazying!!
twice, and been to 4 cities, Pheonix, Chicago, Wshington.
When I had some oppotunities to speak in English, my Japanese supervisor was in the audience and said ``You said a water and forgot to add s to he want`` and so on after every one of my speeches.
I became more nurvas about doing speeches in front of him.
hey guys, it's my frist time in here, I am so happy to know you guys to help me to learn English.
In thinking about languages, I am always haunted by my enourmous ambivalent emotions.
Tnanks a lot.
His wife is a Japnaese.
One of my cool Japaness friend told me about this website.
Firefleis.
My favarite person, Kudo-san, is from Iwate.
At my school, I have a Benuzuela friend.
Everything abuot Me:)
Especailly on festivals and weekends, KTV is almost the premier gathering place for young people.
So scarely:-(
After we left the shop, we went to two ther shops and only looked for something in the shops.
By the way, I'm going to Spain, France, and IItaly next month.
The reason whhy I spoke so loudly was that I wanted everyone to be able to hear me no matter which corner they were in.
Anyway, I enjoye it.
Yesterday it was rainy, but I took them to the docter.
My daughter didn't like ENTdoc.
She didn't sit still and cried, so I had to hold her whilethe docter examinedher ears.
They pester me to go outsideeven though I play with them, suggest new games, give them new DVDs, new snuck, and so on.
I began studying English two months ago because I want to go abroard to stady it.
I hope I will have a parmanent dream.
I started this job in Janualy.
I have to comuticate with custmer and take care of them.
I have confidence working with people, but selling is not just about comunicate.
In fact,_ I am cring as I read his mail ``
We had two visiters from Vietnam at my home.
I watched the news yesterday and I heard that there are many people in the world affcted by this influenza, and also there is one person who visited Mexico and guessed having this disease in our country,
My daugther slept by my side (last night).
So, I alwaya feel sleepy...
I forgot the timetable was changed from usuall day.
Unfortunatelly, I was eating lunch in the park so I was 10 minutes late.
I `m not sleeping, becouse I am trying to translate my favorite songs.
In the x-ray, he and the docotr could see one earring.
Actually, I'm pregnant and often have morinig sickness, so I felt gloomy before the wedding.
I hope I wil be a top salesperson.
I'm great because I keep momorizing boring words.
I'd never played tennis before I took the class, but the corch teaches me how to play step-by-step, so I'm getting better.
LOVE AT FISRT SIGHT (part 2)
I think the theater will be crowded this weekend because of ``Avator`` fever.
I believe ``Avator`` will reinvigorate me with its visual technology and emotional story.
I'm learning new information that I didn't kown
Altough I memorize that, I can't make use of it.
The differences between America's and Japan 'abaut traffic rules
When I came home, the game had just just finised...
So, probably I will have ineternet there, too!
They are learning Japanease in uni, so they practice Japanease with me, and we Japanease exchange students practice English with them!!
My name is Frank, and I am Chinese. I live in the Guangdong Province with my familier.
I graduated from the univercity 2 years ago.
Since all the groops would probably be using Powerpoint, I went to the electronics store to buy it with no worries,
My concern was the compatibility of the English software with my Japanease OS.
There have very beautiful traditional Japanise gardens.
But whenever I meet my firends,
But I don't have any complainment.
I really enjoyed my home life because of my email (?) freinds.
I don't want to go out, I don't want to cook, I don't wanto to study.
All of my friends will spend long 4-days vacation in thire hometown except for internatinal students who can `t go back theire own country.
They are not vegitalian.
When I read about this website, I couldn't bealived that someone would help me and correct my mistakes for free.
If anybody of you are intrested in the history or geography of my country or city-please write to me-I will do my best to help you.
That's why I reserch some local tours through the internet and some books.
I sometimes teach sutudents Japanese and Mathematics.
My favourite articles are about the international life, design, and fasion.
They throng to pub on Friday night to sing a song, play an instulments, and, of couse, drink a beer.
During summer quarter, I took an ESL (an abbreviats of English as a Second Language) class.
The main activity of this corcle is organizing what is calld ``IW (International Week)``.
Let me explain, my university cooperations with foreign ones.
I'm sorry for long sentensces...
After that, we dated a few times and I was a little comfused about our relationship.
In chinese, relationship has a widerly meaning than in English.
Fortunatley, his skill was not that good and I just can't enjoy it that much to lose my mind. (Is there anyone who is under 18 here?)
He asked me do I know anyone who would go to Japan, and can buy Japanese cigaratte for him.
I helped him to get the cigaratte so he should come to see me to take them.
Frist let me introduce myself.
Altough I am interested in English, I am still not good at it.
Actually I have a good enviroment to learn English--I study in an Internetional college.
Alomost all of my teachers are foreigners.
I am a college student and my major is informatics and comunication.
I want to learn English to study computer langualge and technology.
I look forwad to seeing your correction.
Actually I graduated from Seoul Women's Uniersity about two years ago, but it's near my house so I see it almost everyday..
Bahrom Education, teaches people to share and learn important things with others, like philosophy, etiquette, religion (christiarity) and even the history of SWU. Classes include group discussions, performances or indivisual learning.
Atter 30 minutes of walking, I felt tired.
Althought, I don't really have to go to bed right now.
I like a movie in which I discover and solve some mistery with the main charactor, so I was unhappy with this movie.
Actuaaly, sometimes old eggs cause food poisoning like salmonella,
I am pleaced to meet you.
Tomorrow and the day after I am going to visit Miyagi prefecture in Japan, where there was severe damegas from the huge tsunami that happened in the last 11 March.
I have had two jobs for two and harf yers. this is more natural.
His act was illegal of cource, but was it so serious a crime that investigation of his house was necessary?
Then, I happened to think, ``It's unusal for me to eat bread for breakfast``.
It's unusuall in Japan, because there are rice cookers in all the houses in Japan.
I bought my new Windows PC for mobile last Thurshday.
Yet weather focast said it would be snowy today.
We usually start to study English from junior high school as a part of compalsory education.
But the native English teacher speaks fastly instinctively.
In Japan, it is vey popular for girls wear them at a fireworks display.
We did some sightseeing, had lunch, and bought seefoods, such as crab and flatfish, there.
So I keep on studing!
It's just nothing else than a program which is displaying us the fishcards and making sure that we are learning them.
You may also ask, 'what the hell are the fishcards'?
I don't even have the sterngth to go prepare myself tea.
I have a bad headache recenly, so I can't easily think in other languages.
I want to be able to writting fluently and quickly...
Please teache me the meaning.
I have to get my lisence by April, so I'm learning how to drive.
I'd like to talk and dibate with my kid (child) in English in the future.
Sorry I can't write anymore caz I'm so fuckin 'sleepy right now.
I worried about getting fat because I put sugar and milk in coffe.
After graduating junior high school, I joind the Japan Air Self Defence Force.
Today I had an appiontment with my friend.
I've just finished writing my lyrics! Prease read!
I'm goint to go my friend's wedding, and I'll congrate her.
It's famous for it's peaceful villageand atmosphere.
I didn't even realize that the HALLS were making my stomache ache worse.
To my sadness, villains certainly do exsist in all societies.
Rencently, I am tired because of work.
However I was able to understand her by watching her body langauges..
I got out of bed, and opened the cartains.
I finaly got a day off.
I am a cook, but also a student in univercity.
I still have lot of things to write but the things above can describle my feelings for Zidane.
I haven't written in my jurnal for one month already.
It's delisious!!!
becouse you are a japanese, you can get huge income.
But I think going on a tirp on Christmas is a good idea, because you can enjoy illumination for Christmas in a place you have never been and also sight seeing.
Yesterday, I read an airtcle about ``Lang-8`` on the Internet.
She also sometimes stays at achool until 9 p. m. working on the project.
If you say yes, you're a person who likes advanture and lives now!
He hit his head on the celling hard and gave himself a concussion.
HI I'm an Italian girl, studying English in Melbourne. I studied in Pisa, but I'm calabrese.
One of my friends called me this evening and told me one of my friends from high school was dead. It was dificalt for me to accept the news even though she was not one of my close friends. However, I used to coppy her homework before excam, and go to her house. We liked to sing songs and go shopping. I didn't think she would leave my life so soon like this. I am sad.
My idea throuhgh my experiences is that work requiring brainpower (like studying something) in the morning is much more efficient and effective than in the evening, keeping away from sleep.
I don't want to stop challening myself.
Yestereve, I helped my friends wroten compositions until 3am.
So I'm so tird today.
Many people who can speak English fluently are intoroduced in the book.
I was happy because I got him smling!
Actually I've been going with my girfriend since my time as a student teacher.
So I hasitated to go there, but today I decided to go because it is fine and cool day today.
I'm happy to have 3 frineds on Skype.
The island was so wounderful, and from that time, my dream has been to live in Hawaii in the future.
I have dicided to go on a working holiday in Australia.
If you speak English and maybe interested in Ruccia, or the Russian language I guess you'll have something to talk with me about.
I'm a college student in Japan, and I'm gonig to go to Vnacouver this April.
when you go to different countries, you will learn more abot your own country than abot the others.
I've been meeting Japanese leaners through internet and they are very good at writing Japanese on text chats, even though they are very young.
attend: I dicided to attend the language school in Umeda.
occupy: In this company women occupy 60 percant of the excutive officerpositions.
concentrate: I was scoled by the teacher and told to concentrate on the class.
persue: Humans have been persueing the truth but only few people have found it.
Fisrt, I want to take a city-tyour bus in Seoul.
It's famous for a hugh bamboo forest and a metasequoia road where metasequoia trees are planted along side of the road.
I'm learning English to comunicate to foline people.
Please check my sentense and pick up on my mistakes
I palnted sweet potate last Sundy I also palnted cuvamber, eggplant, tomate, corn and watermelon.
I'm lokking forward to a big harvest.
Everything is nd beyound my imagination.
That'd be because, when I study by myself, I can proceed my own pace, and so I don't need to wait for other amatuar users that are less skilled than me.
``Pirates of the Carobbean: On Stranger Tides`` was also exciting.
Evencally, I stayed with my friend.
I bought pasta, iced tea and a chicken and rice casserrole.
I want to study English by using this cooooool website!
Actually, I'm not good at speaking or lishtening to English.
So eterday I looked frearfuliy at the scales.
Ao I am willing to reduce by diet
The way America killed bin Laden doesnn't reflect the democratic face of America.
The way they used instead reflecs an indemocratic face of America.
Oh, America if you call for respecting human rights and human dignity, why did you throw bin Laden `s cropse in the sea as if he was an animal instead of a human being.
It's so expencive.
Am I too serious? definately yes> <
is a good nigth
I am on tha computer, my family is asleep beacuse is late at night!!...
We live nere Zi Jing montanil.
This is my firt time on this site, I'm excited!
I seem to have no talent for learnign forien languages.
Today, I made some frinds. ^ ^
Recently, Lerning English makes me very tired,
but Taliking with frinds in English is very fun and it makes me
How do you spend the valentin's day in your countries?
I will take the TOEFL test befoere long, so I am going to practice for the TOEFL Writing Test.
First, we were devided into two teams.
Of Ofcours, the team being questioned had to answer quickly (too).
I've spent my time drinking with friends and watching america dramas.
Today, I just found myself whatcing an America drama again!!
I met some foreigners and many students who also want to practic their language skills.
Sometimes some people asked me questions, but I didn't respond to all of the questions becuse I wasn't sure what was said.
I remember that I didn't speak any words expection ``sorry`` when I first came to here, what's more, I didn't know any of their dailog, but I can ask some questions and can communicate with others in English in here.
I have no friends to studyy English with here.
We went to a library to study until 4 in the aafternoon.
Our heartbeat was the rhytm that made us connected, and we were dreaming together about this new life we'd live.
I'm working as a cram school teacher anf I'm good at Japanese ^ ^
As interesting as these activities are, some people still regard Ghost Month as an unluck month; hence some people keep out of the water, some go to temples every day, and some are very wary of what they do and say
Oh ~ My ~ Godness!!
I've made a dress for my doughter.
I have made my doughter's dress which is pale yellow because she wants to be a princess too.
Their dance is very energic and I think it would give others a power when they saw it.
The two brothers are very vigor and their mom says they have fights constantly with each other.
We made an appinment to meet at a cafe near my house.
We arived at the cafe at the same time; 10 muinites before our lesson was to begin.
So I want to leran this very important information.
Becouse I watched it a lot of times before.
Recently the weatger is so bad.
According to the wheather news, a typhoon caused this rain.
(the PlayStation3 has individual e-mail adress) [remove the period]
So I was a littele bit disappointed.
About the mine accidenf in Chile
At first, I_ Iwas happy and impressesmd by the news that all the miners have been rescured.
After that, I felt a little starage.
Why did Chile govornment agree to re-digging such a dangeorous mine without the appropriate researcing?
I belive learning languages is the same as learning another world.
There were many beutiful, big, traditional buildings.
All of the food was funtastic!!!
I wondered if I was a prioncess.
It was I inconvinience, but I thought it was actually kind of funny.
I have read another piece of news just now; according to this, at least 51 people were confirmed dedad due to ``Ondoy`` storms and 280000 displaced due to the flood.
In the beggining, I was at a loss.
3) My another parter, who is an American-Born Chinese, told me that he was busy typing a manu for a restaurant.
I had a bit of trouble when I attemped to sign up the forum.
The song was used as background music for a documentary of The Olympic Games in Grenobe.
Maybe I'm still scared of the feeling of lossing him, someone who was very precious to me.
I got myTOEIC resulte.
Sportsday is going to be held at my son's preschool next nextweek.
Becuase I did not get up eally.
Plesas check my diary
I also met new freiends, a Japanese woman and a German man in Zurich.
Yesterday, I had an English lesson where we tolked about abotion using an article titled, ``Obama Lifts Ban on Abortion Funds.``
So, prease talk with me on Skype.
has tought me to stay whole.
How I miss the days when I speak Cantonese and proudly take people speaking Manderin as outsiders
Yestarday, I bought a video game.
There is only one cabinet competing so it'll atomatically win
At the checkout, a casher told me that ``this is for display, not for selling.`` Then, I had to go back to get another dish set.
She had had no children but she had enjoyed her life with working, hobbise, and socializing.
(For Chinese factories, Chairtmas isn't a holiday)
They were very sweet and delisious.
My first dialy in English for you
So I intend to write irregularlly.
If possible, I want you to correct my dialy and know about Japan or Japanese.
I raust it with garlic and put added some basil sauce.
Marina became a famous language teacher and her website hit more than 100 milion.
I'm always wonderling if my English is natural or not.
I had tea with the particioants after this class.
I had a good time because we talked about sysytem of studiying English.
We decided to get a construction company repear them.
I was stuck in the tube for 40 ninutes and had to abondon the Picadilly line.
I couldn't understand why she choiced that place., and I didn 't
I want to become friends with those who are learnig Japanese.
its been a long time since I spoke english, because I'm studying japanese in dalian, the beatuiful city in northeast china.
there are many interesting things and delcious food in my homeland, especially hot food, pandas, and lots of good indie music.
Yesderday I started PickupPhone study.
So, I think we should keep and preserve our old buildings because of our culture and histrical legacy.
It's a big dicision and quite a challenge for me.
Now I'm worring about homestay
I am always looking at my co-workers and folloing in their footsteps.
Broun is my natural color; my mother's hair is the same color, too.
``No, I haven't! It's nuture, honestly!``
Each time I got a scoling, I grew more tired of it.
I hardly understood what my terchers said during my online English lesson.
Freedum!
On hot days, I need a handkerchief becase I'm very sensitive to heat.
Tonight, I drank a little alcohole with my co-worker near our office.
Today, we changed the aword.
According to my Singaporean frirends, in Singapore, a flight attendant is a not high standard job at all.
For Singaporeans, flight attendatns are just servants or something.
And we promissed to help each other with our language learning.
Now I can write in my dialy in English, on my PC.
For instance, ``I graduated from Waseda uniersity (it is the very famous Japanese university)`` ``I studied hard, for theentry examinations`` ``I did not study that much when I was a student`` (But this guy graduated from a famous Japanese university).
We were looking forward to having a pecial dinner at your restaurant.
Recentry, I was surprised by the financial results of a certain company.
This weekend, I will play football, as/ because I am looking forward to participate in a soccoer festival.
Recentry, I've been interested in diet, learnin English, the Internet, and shopping.
Im am studying at the Tokyo Institute of Technology. (another option)
Im tired becaurse writing in English is very difficult for me...
There is firewoks display today.
But the wheather takes a turn for the worst.
Sometimes, foreign custimesrs come at KFC.
Finelly, should I say anything?
Bacause I often think ``I want to some sweet coffee!``
complain: I complained to my teacher about the scole of the test.
hate: I hate insects, particularly cockeoach.
despise: I dispise people who think money is everything.
worry: You don't have to worry about your health, you're hearlth enough.
I feeld vey comfortable.
I booked the tickets for the 9o 'clock ferry the prebious day, so I left our home early so I would not miss it.
I asked strangers if there were another way I could get there, fruthermore I ran at both the platform and the road, finally I reached the ferry station almost too late.
I couldn't climb the stairway to the crown bcause it was already fully booked into next September. But I spent much time there, and I learned more of the history of America than I knew before.
A lot of cerebritise have gone there.
I said, ``What a beutifull view.``
but I couldn't find any difference beteen religion people and non religious people..
, I was so surprised that some developing countries donated releif and condolence money.
So, I've been eating a powdery fermentation cabbage (It's a powdery TUKEMONO) for 2 weeks.
I've been here for one and harf years.
But unfortunately, as well as no inteviewing, there was no reply for my application.
thanks for your comments on my prebious jounal.
I want to compare the two great religions as there are many diferences between them...
however, after many years becoming an apprentice, he found it difficult to lose his worldly desires and he desided to leave his master.
I sometimes watch METAL GEAR SOLID 4 videos on yotube these days.
which may be difficult for foreiners to understand.
soccor? Football?
The American soccor team is also very strong.
Some people were hoeing and fertilizing the soil and some were wartering their plots.
Last time I put a mark on the juice's labell, and I looked at this mark and thought that they drank at least 400ml.
If you wnat to know about Korea, please contact me.
the laidy uses a marker to mark two dots on my ear, and then (she) just uses the piercing gun to poke two holes.
although it looks like it's very painflu, I just feel a little bit itchy.
thanks to alicia for acompany me to the piercing shop.
In1803, Thomas Jefferson, the 3rd president, purchased the great wild west fot about $ 15 million from France because it doubled America's land mass and would provide rich natural resouces as well as great farmland.
Maybe it seems like no big deal to most of you, but since I'm now studying in Japan, (and the Japanese are so difficulte to understand), I must be careful about everything I do.
At the end of each semister, the teacher asks us to write something about the lectures: advice, suggestions or even just some opinions.
It may not look very strange in Enlish, but I am really not sure if it sounds like a compliment (in Japanese) to the Japanese teacher, who really did do a good job.
Some people think that the death penalty is the best way to punish muders.
Suviors must want muders to live so they can reflect on their cruel actions.
I am going to go Bijing to present my research results in English before the end of November.
The title of the book is ``How to Walk in the warld``.
I reccomend you to have the book; however, do not read it all, because if you know everything about the trip, the trip becomes less interesting.
Anyway, Washington will be rainly or snowy.....
Today, I'm going to watch an america movie to help me learn (study) English.
The genre that I want to watch is either 'melo' or 'comedy'.
and, I did drank vanilla latte at Jave city Coffee
I iove coffee ~ very very much
I've just found this lang-8 place today and resistered right now.
Actually, I was warryed about this thing.
so when I knew that it was not my mistake, I was relieved, at the same time, I am now aware to be very carefly not to do that again.
To finde the best friend is very difficult.
A lot of people don `t have friends, amd me too/ and neither do I.
Chrildren like to play pranks on people on this day.
In other words, It had become a piece of garbedge.
There are many things affecting the world like air pollution, climate change, enviroment pollution, the destruction of the ozone layer, and the clearing of the forests.....
And every year we suffer many natural disasters like earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, vocanic eruptions, and tsunamis. And they unfortunately kill millions of people.
Mastering Natual Expression
Recently I met with a friend who is living and working in Vancouber.
Why did I have an interst in America?
And also, I felt like I came to a diffent country like a resort:) haha
By the way, it's difficult for me to figure out the differnce when I use the same verb but with different prepsition.
Because he appears to have been on bad terms with the exectives like the front staff, ownner and so on for the last few years.
I work with free medical insurance. If a person's income is low, they can qualificate for free insurance.
It includes coverage for medical prescrptions, dental, vision and emergency care.
I realized that even if people live in different countries, they learnthe same inportant things.
It is liquid and it conteins nessesary nutrition.
I am sad that I don't have a lot of sophiscated (sp) writing skills.
Tommorrow, I'm going to practice drums and English!
Stady!!
I'll stady English a little by little...
I pre-orderd a concert tiket for a front row seat.
I'll go to the mountain regulariy every moring!
I'm a Brazilian, I've studing English for 3 years and I just noticed that my English is not as good as I thought.
Whether or not we have a lover in the future, we'll still support and encourge each other.
And, bilingal people usually say that you should reject Japanese when you're learning English.
So, if you meet an incomprehensible word, you should search in an English-English dictionaly.
But, I can't write or speak English without using a Japanese-English dictionaly.
Learning a foregin language is hard.
It has a very confortable room, gim area, and spa.
In villages, farmers are very poor. They need clear water and lvestocks.
But if some fctories just emit dirty water, its not good for people's health.
My coutry needs to care more of its people's welfare, and not focus only on good things.
Of course, if you tweet in English, follow me, and I will be more than willing to refollow you too.:)
rumur has it that the first year of college is the most comfortable one, but somehow, I think I was cheated.
I have strange havit of going to Odawara castle every day.
I take the first or second Tokaido train from Hratsuka.
Recentry another person took the place of our president,
so his prediction wasn't realaized.
It's located in Kyusyu.
I shoud study harder.
The lecturer gave those attending the task of discussing the governemt's new policy that English classes should be taken by native English-language speakers only.
He arranged us into small groups, so that I ended up talking to two peole who are English-language teachers.
I heard that in Finland there are no textbooks, so I was so curious to learn how the Finns could be so sucessfull without textbooks.
The students in my class are clearly bored and I too find the learning experience unenjoyable. Especally when the stories in the textbook are so dull. Wouldn't it be better, in such a case, to have no textbooks at all?
They're famer.
curently they prepering for planting rice.
The price in the reataurant is fivefold more expensive than general Taiwanese diners.
Yesterday, I felt sicky because I got drunk.
Suddenly, I realized that I had been a college student at taht moment, and I would start a new stage in my life.
I went to the libraly after the test.
I'll go to Okinawa this comming Sunday with my school friends.
But, because I'm shy it was so difficult to make firends there...
I maneged to talk with some people.
my listning and speaking skills are not good..
we have learnd only grammer or reading...
I've been writing very simple sentences, but it tooks a long time for me to make them 'cause I'm not used to doing it.
The tomato jolted in the basket, it makes made tamato juice.
Sometimes costomers scold me.
I have a friend who lives in Hawai.
After that, he went to Hawai.
He has lived in Hawai for 9 years.
The question is whether we should elimilate the one child policy.
I always regard her as my anti, although she is Vietnams.
Indeed, why do I learn the languages, if I have no one to comunicate with it?
I'm fond of music, aspesualy, of Folk-music.
I'm jpanese but I feel that I must learn the Japanese language even more.
He has to stay at home and I can't be near to him because it's only been 20 days since my operation: <I feel guity and I really miss him: <
Whre is the sunshine going?
Of cousre, I am really happy that we realized that we loved each other though.
Yesterday, we had a tranlating class and it was exciting for us.
In the class, we learnd how to translate texts from English into Vietnamses and vice versa.
So far, when I read something in English, I can understand them if they are on the fields that we have been tauch.
So if I am not good at my own language, it will be even more difficult for me to be good at other lanuages.
long time Boading is very tough for me, but I had to take a bus after arriving in Tokyo to go to my hometown, Sendai.
We are planning to meet sometime, as we are living in defferent places.
As you know, we have a new president, goverment, and a new coalition.
Since 7 people are using my stuff, the roll of paper towels is diminishing fastly.
so I was jiterry when we couldn't park there.
Besides I've been expecting a pacage and letter from another place in Japan which has been delayed
TRY-WORKS conducted questionnaires on the web and the street to ask girls about which charactor was the cutest.
They were sold at game arcades as a prize, and Kapibara-san became the most popular charactor of all the prototypes.
He became a big hit among girs, and he has kept his popularity ever since.
I am currently studying at Gifu National Colege of Technology.
My favorite sport is snow bord.
She `s sooo cute, especially when she makes Homer chew on her fasfire by force.
A patient came into my clinic 3 minuits before consultation hours ended.
But nobody coment on my diary.
They're very nice but later, my regs ached.
This holiday has many days togather. I enjoy staying at home with my family.
He loves diseny, so I wanted to send a diseny one. However I couldn't find one.
It was my first time going to a job interview in Enlgish.
I'm wondering if the scentences below have any differences.
I studied English at school, but I never did leaen it.
I finished my bachelor's at the beginnig of the year.
I almost forgot all the words and grammers.
Just because they are so yumy, they become others 'prey including ours.
Sudenly I felt sad about quitting this job.
The auther of this book is genious or god indeed.
Since I was brought up in a poor family, living withought worring about money has been very important for me.
We gossiped about our borring routines and talked about some interesting things, like the Casino.
I've wanted to have as many friends as possble worldwide, because I beileve being friends with them broadens my sense of view by sharing our opinion about things!
Because of this, when we went out last weekend, I kind of got lost in Harajyuku and beleive it or not, he led me to the right direction.
When I came back home and opened it, I just went insain..
I deside to make a plan in order not to waste the time left.
So I would like to keep writig and speaking English.
My grandmother bigin to has started going senile.
I have finisshed (watching) Gossip Girl season 1 on DVD.
Since yestar, I began to study English by myself! First, I read and recite words.
At first I dindn't know the cause of this riot, as Japanese TV station dindn't report the details.
Today, I saw my psychiatrist because of my deppression disease.
So unfortunately, my deppression disease is getting worse,.
frist diary
I'm so happy, even though it was expencive.
But I thought the tiger one was cuter than the lion one, so I choiced the tiger.
My adress is on my profil.
Thay don't like me because I was put in charge of an important project and I'm much younger than them.
She was my friend when I was in elementaly school.
I saw ``The Blind Side`` yeaterday.
I've been engerly expecting this parcel from my parents.
These days the temperature is allways 25 to 35 degrees.
I'm learning conversational English through the enternet.
Althought it is a site that focusses on children (the books are divided in three categories: from three to six year old children, from six to ten, and from ten to thirdteen years old), there are many different types of books and in many different sizes, so I think it is a good way (for us) to increase our vocabulary in a second language. [too long]
Alice runs after the rabit and disappears after it, into a hole in her backyard.
Unlike forigner, people like going to the beach, having picnic or outdoor actititice.
All in all, I think that both inventions are good but the Internet has more adventages.
If I eat an ice crean every time I feel it's hot, I might gain some weight: ')
is rly bad especially writing T_ T
I'm trying to talk English and listenning to English every day.
The tytle was ``Science Allergy``
We Asians performed a play (or skit). To tell you the truth, I didn't really performe.
At lunch time, I was talking with a maneger.
Anyway, I recomend that you should watch this movie!
First dialy
I am a biginner.
The people who will attende Zufar's class are better than I am, and I think
I think one peron only has one life, we should cherish our life, and live happily.
I saw a movie which is called Harry poter.
Today was the last day of my course and I received a certifate.
They are famous in Osaka, where I was originaly from.
I have always been a gir who really likes to smile.
(There are two types of Zorb. In one, you can grab the hundles inside the compartment or you're fixed with your arms and feet and there's no water. In the other, the ``hydro zorb``, there are three or four buckets of water in the compartment.
But, sometimes I am dying to eat a lot of junk food like pizza, chips, and bergers.
Yesterday I piced some.
As long as I am writing this, I suppse that I have to withstand biases (or comments) from other people.
Today, I'm goig to write about yesterday.
I always eat food carefully and with grtitude.
I have heard that a reusable grocery bag from TRADER JOE 'S is very populat in Japan.
I feel this way stronly, especially when I feel insecure, like when I walk alone at night.
As soon as I realized that I was beenig chased, he grabbed my neck and choked it untill I passed out.
But in 30 mins 'time/ But 30 minutes later, I was almost dying in the river.
She's a golden-retriver that is very pretty, cute, and clever.
Morever, I didn't take charge of the register today.
I'm styding English and Spanish.
Now I'm considering apllying for the Fashion Designing Course at the Central Saint Martins in London.
By the way, I have been inerested in Spanish since before I entered my high school.
It's nice, because it was made so that we can larn it in 30 days!
But I don't belieave it, because I cannot speak English very well even though I have studied it for long time X (
Despite a japanese society, I feel happy whenever I have dinner with my family.
We shouldn't lable it right or wrong, but explore it in depth.
There was a teribble typhoon.
Hello, everyone. I'm a new member of the lang-8 community, I find that this is a very interesring site. I'm not restricted to only learning English, but I can learn Korean or Japanse as well.
He is a very poerfuol man.
When I was littile, I watched the Gundam series as well, but even women and young boys died easilyin each episode. I finally stopped watching halfway because of depression lol
In order to save money I decided to ask my parents for some books I've wanted to read for a long time. (I'm also a little chubby; that's another reason why I would rather readind a book than eat chocolate...):D Yesterday I bought them.
In many cases, which is even more disappointedly, typhoons cause landslides on weekends, just screwing up our nice Sunday.
I felt that they deliberatley come on weekends.
In reacent days I feel good to drink hot green tea,
some intersting things.
Learnning English alone makes me feel that English is so hard.
I answerd my boss, I'm your ``right elbow`` or rather ``right arm``.
Last time, I mentioned my undergraduated days.
Actually, the women's college from which I guraduated is in Kyoto.
It is a pretty historical and misterious place.
I have heard that Kyoto's central city is being protected by a magic squere.
In the Heian era, a noble women who was very jerous
I alived in Canada in april.
Other sources say that children who have imaginary friends may have advantages in terms of language ability and other inteligent functions.
I suppose that this is a defficult problem.
In winter holidy two big events are celebrated, Christmas and happy new year.
I can't drink alchol.
My friend and I decided to launch a project called 'getting a boyfiend.'
When we're in front of the restraunt, we'll pick one guy a week.
``The workers in Google doing the smallest developments have a doctrate.``
If I hadn't found out about this method, I wouldnn't have
I hope Lang-8 helps me improve my wrinting.
But in septenber, I will go travelling to ``The Hakone`` with my girl friend Fujiko.
The friends gave her earrings and FORCED to have her ears pierced. (It looked painful, so I couln't see her get it.) and I made her choose as to what she would recieve.
In my hard times of adaptation to a strange place, they will be a kind of energe for me!
I think it might have been anemia or an epilepsy attack-I think it sounds better now:D
My mother just listend to my opinion and encouraged me.
Tonight, I attended the public speeking club I joined last winter.
There are many kinds of people in the club/ Many kinds of people enrollmenting in the club.
There are bussiness people, college students, foreign residents, retired people, house wives, etc,,,,,,,
(but I will not be a brackberry or Mac pc user.
There's no water, no electricity, no gus, or no food.
Okey!
I can cherich a teachers relationship with students no matter what.
At New Year's Eve, many Japanese preparate for a good New Year.
By day we preparate New Year's dish, general cleaning of the house and write New Year's postcards.
Today, I went to a fruit market and ate some drian today.
The first picture is the ancient tomb of Umako Sogano, the most powerful ministor in Japan at that time.
So I went to the supermarket in this mornig.
But I'm a little nervours becouse of my poor communication skills of English.
My job is a project manager for developping web sites.
This is my first trip since I got my job, and every month I save a lot of moeny in the bank.
I want to say ``thank you`` to my lang-8 frends, thanks for your help!!!
At midday/ In the mid-afternoon of August 4th, one of my new collegues and I came to the company to report together.
On Monday August 8, at about 10: 10am, we got on the company bus that was waitting for us near our apartment and headed to work.
How becautiful the sky was!
It is a popular sport which has spread to evey corner in China so much so that we now call it the national ball game!
Thank you very much for improving my sentences.& nbsp; I really apriciate everyone's help.
When most Japanese people speak to someone who is older or whom they are meeting first, they usally use honorifics.
My First Dialy
However our company (probably all companies in Japan) is very nervous about the flu and gave emploees an instruction note if we have symptoms of the flu.
Don't go directly to a hospital or crinic.
``Doc, I know I'm OK, but I have to see a doctor due to company reguration.
I saw a foreigner who imitated DRAGONBALLs charaster Gokuu.
I like Roppongi, but I don't have many oppotunity to go there.
It was slightlt rude of him, wasn't it?
I'd like to watch some TV progeam but...
You can find a lot of churches, temples, mosqhes and indian temples.
Malacca is a historical place where it was colonized by the Portugis.
It is famous for its cable car travelin the fastest speed in the world and is the longest in asia.
And the theme park is facinating with its rller coaster.
And when I ariived at the library, I noticed that on Sundays this library doesn't open!!
To make him intersted in the Korean language?
After that I went to Chofu where my frirend lives.
Maybe it's because of the differences between our caluture....??
The latter part of gorlden week, it rained.
By the way, are there long vacations like gorlden week in other countries?
Today I went cycling to keep helth.
I bought it at Takasimaya.
But I don't usually do famrmwork, so I was exhausted.
I was finaly able to come to the site a few minute ago.
So, my friends and I would go dressed up with a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid for comics, manga/ anime or japanesse culture.
It's raining heavily in Nigata and Fukushima prefacture.
Those prefacture are raining so heavily that an evacuation order was put out by the government.
And about four handred thousand of Nigata's peopel have been evacuated to a safer area.
Shopko is one of the biggest shopping centers in Wisconcin where I am living right now to study English.
After I walked 30 minutes, I had the worst thursty I have ever had.
I decided to buy juice in the shopko insted of from the old vending machine.
Au pair is famouse in Europe, but doesn't seem to be in America.
If anybady doesn't mind talking with me, could you help and advise me?
As I have shown, art festivals are stlongly dependent on local people and contribute to stimulating aregional economies.
From now on, try to look at the buildings, rooms and spaces around you carefully. You might notice there are actually hidden designs all aroud you.
But I'll uproad entries at my own pace from now on because I'm satisfied with this.
I got bored whith that.
Althoug I konw my new school, I have many worries, but I think I will study hard.
BUT my parents don't always argee with me.
The Asahi Beer Company should appriciate the fortunate coincidence, shouldn't they?
I try to talk with forgine people often.
I am happy if we don't have snow in winter because I don't have to shovel snow. (It is taugh work) But it means the earth is getting warmer and warmer....
When we entered an Okonomiyaki restaurant, we were showen to the seat in fromt of the big window. (shouwed to the??) We could see the Doutonbori river from there.
I had not awared of this profession, but as I looked back on my life, that maybe influenced me.
When I was in Ireland, I was in TV add for sumiroff Ice in 2002.
The first reason is: I can't come upe with the next word to say quickly.
And my mum rase me.
Mom passed away in 2001 and her room is now quet and empty.
My class teacher is a forigner.
I want a relationship with american peple.
We are woking hard to fix this problem.
Recentry, many people have been visiting this area.
First, I saw it in English with no subttle.
Reacently, I read 'Norwegian Wood' by Haruki Murakami.
My home and car is covered with snow and the landscape is beutiful.
Accully we did not yet know what we would buy. But I know she like to cook and read books.
Everyday, I have to do a lot of experiments and resarches, so I have no time to do what I want.
Dier friends!
We ate lots of chikin ^-^
It's rainning hard outside.
I like the landscape after the rainned days.
I like it, it draws a smile on my face and it aften makes me think of many thinkings.
Shound I put off some tasks to complete the following day?
All presemt politicians should watch it.
Seita is hero of this story. His father was an officer of the Japanese navy; therefore, his father was not in his house but on the battlefield. (I guess his father had already died in the war but his family didn't know yet.) He had a mather and little sister, whose name is Setsuko.
When his family tried to escape from bombing, his mather got invloved in the explosions.
Seita's house was completely destroyed as well by the bobming.
Many Japanese people who were in right screen completely forgot these historycal facts, and they enjoyed their luxury and busy lives in a big city.
I'm studing English, and
Recently I happened to find that itunes has many internet radio staion channnel in its menu.
The itunes list of internet radio is good, and almost all of staions are now in service, so I can hear lots of different music jenre.
(Fiton is on my bed.)
I usally sit on the floor and use the PC but it's uncomfortable, so I decided to buy them.
I should have separeted them into two parts, and cooked them twice...
I mix it into tomato sauce or curry sause as a hidden ingredient for extra flavor.
Can you tell me what this sentense means?
She decided to take the seashells which she foud home.
But they gave me portaits with a message.
Although the price of a plane ticket is not as expencive as tickets to other countries (minimum 45000yen = $ 450 for Narita <-> Moscow), the process of getting a visa is complex.
There are a lot of kinds, such as: yolk mooncake, ham mooncake, moon cake with meat ect.
The Miod-Autumn Festival is a time for family.
I don't think all Singaporian are lazy.
There are many kinds of food like seafood, meal and vegitavles.
Dealing with hectice schedule
Today, I went to a book shop in sinjyuku.
Octpus is a sacred living thing, isn't it?
Hi all, I'm Midory from Hokkaido, the northeasternmost iland of Japan.
It is a good time to visit overseas because of the high-valued yen, but the oil sercharges are still expensive!
The hero, who names Luffy, fights an enemy every everyweek.:)
On the way home, I got cought in the rain..
I often see it. so I asked my mother where the cat gone? My monther answered me that the small cat was dead.
I bought jasmin tealeaf at department store in Kobe a month ago.
I can't leave it so its goonana cause me to gain weight...
He and his friends made capcakes at the night because of white day.
I love a Techono music.
I heard that nowadays sake is more popular in forign countries than in Japan.
A Japanese company annouce that they will use English as the official lunguage in their offices.
But she said in a shopping center (COSTOCO) in the neighborhood, two people were killed because of the collapse of it's parking.
I'm planning to play baseball but it's rainny.
Maybe you have to write a long and boring essay, maybe you have to find a job, maybe you are suffering from a disease, maybet you just lost all your money...
On Girls 'Day, Japanese set up beutiful Japanese dolls.
But the dalls which, we call Hina dolls, are very expensive
I want to write [my introduction] agaein.
One day I told a story about the ``Gorgon``. She feld very afraid. However, she painted a picture on a piece of paper and put the paper in her pocket.
I'm going to unversity to attend classes.
Yeah! I passed the quility test today.
The diference between them is the long tour permits you to go inside.
And we sould do something we can do easily, for example, to send some food to the areas with a food shortage.
In places which don't grow crops, it may be difficult to increase crops even if htey can use technology from developed countries.
But also I think that having a relationship while being young have bad effection.
I can speak it a little, and gradually getting worse these days because there are fewer oppotunity to talk with English speaking people.
Whatever hppens, I will never quit studying English.
(At this time, she was eating a rice ball with seeweed.)
Then I went to the libruary to study my major, and
I always swet in this season.
Then, our topic slided to onomatopoeia (This means imitative sounds like bark etc).
That Eglish school sometimes holds some events, like a picnic.
tempt: Advartizement exist in order to tempt customers to buy their products.
conceal: He didn't try to conceak his scandal, but instead, he appligized to everyone.
decline: He dicided to decline the offer from the IT company.
I start working in my office in the mornig, but I have to work till late at night.
On september I am thinking about going to Victoira, BC.
I am an easy going girl, and I `d like to having many freinds!!
I am very confused about using grammers and the sentences I wrote.
I'm going read a drft; please check my gammar and pronunciation.
Hello, My name is seohyun and I'm scond grade.
scond, I have to study about hair-style.
I also made hairstlye to my friends or dolls.
I want to buy something that's not so expensive but is very usefull.
Maybe this town is also a very famous place to visit among forignen tourists.
Nowadays, Akihabara is becoming diverse, and there are a lot of shops featring anime goods.
Japanese anime is expanding in overseas markets, and many foringers know (about) Japanese anime.
I will write (about) it sometiem soon.
After that, we played sekand game.
Since 11th March, they had taken shelter from aftershocks and activeradion.
I want to get into university, but also I want to go abroad to America, so I will have to go to univercity 5 years.
Today, I am/ I'm going to an English club, because I realy want to study English.
Yesterday I bought new shues for jogging.
Three years ago I was a menber of the fitness gim, but I resigned because of my busy job.
However too many people are here just looking for someone who speaks Japaness.
I didn't play video videogames for many years because you know, studying, working and reading.
I recommed to you FF X.
I recomend: www.
My grand-father made a liveing by raising chikens and a calf.
It tasted different to Janpanese beers.
Today is the general election which looks set to bring a historic change of goverment.
The Liberal Democratic Party has govered for over 50 years.
Please introduse yourself.
Thankyou [space] you for reading:)
Is this my reducdant reaction?
I am taking an oral examination in five theological subjects this week. The subjects are the old testamen, the new testament, church history, systematical theology and practical theology.
Most Japanese people are not good at speaking English, because we only study English grammer when we are students in Japan.
Yesterday Jei taught me one rule of grammer in English.
As the motion of their gestuings are too large and radical, it's easy to hit me, especially when I stand by them too closely.
After I googling this product on my mobile and finding out the user response is really bad, I said 'Really?' as a respose to all her sales talk. snow word isn't used that much.
I heard the salesperson talked to her co-workers, 'Wow, nowdays these cunsumers are really smart..
My winter holiday has already begun, in my opioion. I want to read some English magzines or newspapers for inproving my English during this holiday, but I don't know what I should read. I hope to get some advice from here.
I'm expecting to have a good inprove when the holiday comes near to end.
Japanese are only spoken in Japan, so when we go to other coutries, we will feel loneliness.
I want to ask English speakers ``Do you feel a sense of closeness to people from English speaking countires?``
At least, it doesn't seem as hard to get good grades in university as it is to get them in (seinior) high school, because I only need to take some subjects I'm interested in.
Recently in Japan, there has been a deemand to save electricity.
beacause in China people always learn languages from books, so there is no chance to speak them.
I also like Janpanese, because I like to watch Japanese cartoons.
I watched a baseball game in the Nagoyadoom yesterday.
A lot of people have asked me what restaurants I would reccomended in Kamakura. (Indirect question.)
What I had was various sashimi (raw seafood): tuna, salmon, horse macker, scarop and salmon roe.
I heard that people who have experienced study abroad need a score of more than 800 to prove their ability baced on their experience.
The business carrer exam is coming soon
The business carrer exam for logistics is coming soon, but I still haven't prepared enough for it.
While hearing the quiet, slow tempo music, and calm voice of the instructor, I stretched my boby.
A neighbor's help can be the fastest.
The shop was proud of various high quality, imported products There were many customers who came from othe countries, looking for ingredients to make meals from their homeland (I would often be asked by Australians-``Where's the VEGIMITE?``).
It was really traditional, so just few people (familly or relatives of the bride and groom) can go to inside the Jinja during the ceremony.
Please, correcion and comment my blog.
A lot ppl who write their dairies in English can't get that many comments you know.
The second is that maybe Japanese ppl are kind.:P
In my school days, boys competed against boys, and girls against girls, but in my daughter's school, they didn't devide the boys and girls.
Recentlly, I think about that everyday.
However, I couldn't write them because of myh English.
Becuase my train leaves at 7: 30 AM.
An agent named Smith found these pictures of President Clinton and Ms. Lewingsky.
My final goal is not to be a permanent resident in Austrailia, but I was planning to obtain a permanent visa to accomplish my goal.
Then I found a recipe in internet brog and started making a pizza.
Aritayaki is pottery from the Kyusyu region.
I coould not answer him clearly...
I went to Seoul for a lomg time.
So he called every anymals with ``mung-mung.``
It was especially a great purfomance from the trainner riding the dolphin.
After th show, we ate lunch on a mat in the forest and it was more delicious than eating in at home.
It is a cloudy today but the temperture is not too warm and the weather is confortable
and I'm looking forward to rhe start of the school year.
Althogh It is hard, I'd like to study English.
and I beleive it will some day be.
This only reason I'm studying English is to be able to clearly express my thoughts and achive my goal.
As I went shopping, suddnly my shoes broke.
When I'm writting my diary, I'm not certain on the tense of the verb.
When I speak with a foreinger, they often have trouble due to hesitation (Is it possible to use 'from' Instead of due to?)
I think I shoud be able to learn from you
Though Asakusa was crowded with many sightseers, according to my frinend, there were fewer foreign sightseers compared to before the earthquake had occurred.
V-day is the only day when girls declear their love to boys.
Before the test I always feel pressre.
My husband is Indian and he commenced running a small guest house in Rishikesh from this Aplil.
It is fomous place for yaga, maditation, the Ganges River, and the ashram where the Beatles visited once.
Yesterday, my fmily and I went to ganghaw-Do.
It was a beautyful place.
It was surpriese, too.
That's what the parants of Harry died from!
Tommorow I have an exam in mathematical statistics.
It was slipperey and dangerous.
He tought me that dreams can definitely come true if I don't give up.
In Japan, most people start working as regular employees immediately after ther bachelor degree.
Waking up early makes me feel more tired and frusterated.
Hellow, I am feeling very good. I like English, but I am not very good at English as you can see.
Help me whrite in english!
``I'm fine!`` ``I'm good!`` and, ``I'm OK!`` What's the diffrences between these three sentences?
It is aprox. 10 feet tall.
I took my motobike and drove to the dog market, where they sell pets.
I agreed and sat down, waitting for him.
Hello, Lnag-8 users
First I write some words in English, drink cup of coffe, and read my e-mails.
What is the best metod for learning new words?
It's too difficult for me not only because of the grammer but also because of the words.
So we counldn't go anywhere else.
I don't have confidence in whther native speakers can understand my English.
I'll attend some meetings and an exhibition of the heating, air conditons and ventilation industy in Las vegas.
'Poets are not so scrupuluos as you are.
But I like going back to sckool, because I can be together with my girlfriend and play with my friends.
I'm studying English right now and hope to aquire skills to speak fluently with native English speakers.
Philosophical issues, Religional issues, any kind of intellectual issues are welcomed and I hope to have an intellectual connection with someone.
Today, I went to the plice station to get a new driver's license.
If they find one of participants to be good, they exahnge phone numbers and they will be friends or boyfriend/ girlfriend.
(There will be) my friend, a frend of my friend and Iso men's team had three people as well as women's team.
We enojoyed the party and had a lot of conversation.
We play roles of yakuza, Japanese gangsters, of Kyusyu district, southwest Japan.
After some time we separated, promissing to meet again.
But some say that the goverment and electric power company are trying to
I am learning English. I'm espically instresed in learning spoken English. I am a postgraduate majorde in computer siences, and I am instersted in network security and DB. I welcome more friend exchanges.
I'd appriciate it if you read and fix these sentences.
I think that these toys may be good fot people who are not allowed to have real pet hamsters, or for those who love hamsters but are too lazy to take care of them.
In Japanese, this is called 'toilet trainning'
I prepared all of the tickets but not completly.
I was comfused because I heard it just before bording the airplain and I was arriving in Bergen at 11pm the hotel would be closed.
I looked around in the airplain.
We talked about why I was staying at their house and they recomend some good places to see in Bergen.
Could you change this paradraph into something more 'speech' like?
or if you don't have enough time, just correctong is of course very welcome.
By the way, I think I am quite a strang persoon because I feel excited when I hear the wind screaming, or just maybe because I just drank a cup of coffee, which always makes me excited.
You are (were) my friend and I always beliving you. Why did you have to lie to me?
I comuute by train every day.
In the evenig, I catch the 8 to 10pm train.
I ofhen read books on the train.
My friend recomend Korian movies to me.
Some georgrapers say ``There are no places where we have not explored on the earth.``
I say this because only little girls are horeines in his works except for in this work.)
Nobody belibed in the testimony of his father, except for his son Pazu.
The girl who slowly came down from the sky, whose name is ``Sheta``, had the magic stone; she was pursued by the army and she had a secret of the Castle.
Pazu decided to search for the Castle of the Sky with Sheta.
I'm goint to take the entrance examination for a Japanese university in case I fail at my first choice, that is, some American university.
In Tennoji, we were spoken to by drunkun men.
Could you give me some advice to learn tecnical writing?
Also I like green tea candy and adzuki bean flavored candy.
I was waiting for the powder snow because I really like go snowbording, but it seems there is little chance for it this year!
Does speaking only improve your/ ones speanking skill?
Please recommand:)
Unfortunatly, I might lose the draw as I anticipated...
I was born in Ooita preficture which belongs to Kyusyu area in Japan.
Also of course for talking with foreginer on the phone in English.
Some of my favourite locations include Lubok Semilang, Kisap, Telaga Tujuh, and Datai.
The first dream you have on the first of January is improtant here in Japan.
Unfortunatly, I had a bad dream.
You've screwed up everything, you know! ``I coudn't understand what he was shoutig and I was just petrified.
Last English lesson, the instolactor told me about this site.
My head itchies!
This is my nineth entry.
I'm wrigting a manual for the installation, maintenance or conversion of these machines.
Yesterday I set up a Chrismas tree.
when my dauthers were very yong, I felt the tree was too big,
Becouse my daughters can do it themselves.
But I desited to keep setting up our Christmas tree every year if they go out in the future.
But when I went to university, I knew that English would be very impotant for my future career.
I can tell my opinion in simpl words, write (with mistakes, of couse) and undestend other people when they don't speake too fast.
First, we are reading a book about stock for bigginers.
PS: rewirite or reorganizing my sentences would be nice if need be, thanks.
I guess I'm too yong, but I want to learn English very much!!!
Laterly I feel very, very bored ang upset when I have to study. I dont know what is wrong, but it's just boring!
The difference between ``jorunal`` and ``diary``
The car exhaust messed up my landries...
And I love him playing the violine ^ ^
Tomo-chan ``wears`` the laundry basket like a backback, and says, ``I'm a turtle.``
I always go there by car with my hasband.
Buying groceries for 7days, the laggage is very heavy.
On the way home, It's difficult to contorol the bike because of the heavy laggege.
In Japan, there are manu delicious foods, such as sushi or tempura, but I don't know any American foods.
My daughter always wears a one piese dress.
In my opinion, you are already so busy studing and working, you won't have time for a dog.
You shuld give this matter (some) (serious) consideration.
Recently, electronics tecnology has improved so much that it is common for people to have a mobile computer such as a notebook PC or a cell phone.
Afterwards, I listend to it many times while studying.
That song supprted and inspired me while I was strivng to pass the exam.
I'm determind not to sell the CD I bought because all the songs remind me of my ``golden`` time.
Only unmarried women can wear a Furisode on celemonial occasions.
I think they have strong motivation for working and learning but they have no self confidence, so they cannot try to deal with a new enviroment.
They need to find enough power that they could continue to the future even after they faild once.
Now my wife is preparetion herself by make up and winding her hair.
I'm comefrom China.
Have you used an air conditionar yet?
Anything I read teaches me somthing: new and different ideas, to understand and know how others think, learning about history, scientific discovery, new vocabulary, new sentences...
I have already taken the circuit anylisis exam
Even my professor, who is a ``sister`` from America told us about this situation in class beofre.
Taiwanese are xenomanias.
Are Taiwanese really xenomanias?
That sounds not too hard, I would just translate my oringinal report from Chinese to English..
Please give me some possitive words to encourage me ~ I will be full of energy!!!
I need help to correct my scentence.
Een hertwarmende video (in het Japans)
Of cource it is very important and I never considered not attending the party itself.
I was watching TV, so I slept in my living room whithout covering my body with my bedding.
That is why I cought a cold.
There is nothing but rice fields in my hometown, but I feel lonly when I think about
He knew it was ridicious to do something like that without realizing that everyone could see, and wasn't so proud anymore.
So, I go on bussiness trips often.
shut down all neclear power plants?
As far as the Fukushima neclear power plant is concerned, it had been operating for
My first daiary
I wii go to the park near my house to play catch with my boyfrend.
Next term, I will be very busy, I have to prepare for the TEM8 and post graduste examination.
But I am confused because I have no idear how and what shoud I do or what to do..
This is my first time writing a dialy entry here.
Today, I left a comment on someone else's dialy for the first time.
The door was in fron of the class so I had to pass the professor to exit.
but I'm 19 ysars old, so you may think that to watch anime is funny.
So I havn't read the book.
anybody knows some ways to treatmaent this bad illness?..
Has anybody seen fhe film Brazil?
When I was a junior high student, I used to write my dialy in Japanese but I quit.
Even more funny was when I was walking in front of her house and I passed by the windown where he was placed.
I usually spend time watching DVDs of American drama to studay English.
From now on, I wll put today's date as the title
Recently, I have been seekig a new job in which English is required.
I need to get a high score on the TOEIC test nenx month on Sept. 11th.
I also want to improve my spoken and Writeen English.
In Kyoto, there are many hisytorical monuments, shirines, and temples.
After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images proyected rapidly in the sky.
A few days later, a beautiful girl appeared at the grandfathere's house.
They could hear sounds of weabing.
We had our senior's guraduation celemony on March 16th and it was a very important event for this school.
In Taketomi-island, we stayed in a Japanese-style hotel and enjoyed awimming in the hotel pool and the beautiful sea.
Forthly, I can't use the punctuation in rigth ways, so when you read my diary entry you would feel confusion.
Yesterday I ate sushi for the first time in my life (I know that is a little shameful, becouse I'm fan of Japan culture and...
Although I wanted to talk about the Lions, I degressed from the subject.
I am lazy to control myself, as a result of that I'm always desgusted with myself! gee!
Today, I'll tell you about a famous Japanese comic called ``ONE OIECE``.
I got a holidy for five days.
This Jindaiji park didn't seem like a place that was 30 minites from Shinjuku because the area was very calm and has old traditiona atomosphere.
I'm excited with the class even though I'm still not in the unhabit of using English.
Long fligt
The novels were writte Japanese.
I'm loven'it!
And, I'm loven'it.
I seriosly need staple food!
I ate lanch and then went to English school.
I'm studying at the University of Arts of muy contry, I'm studying Liric singing.
I am planning/ (I plan) to visit Singapore in the midle of May.
``Staying healthy is the most improtant thing in our life.`` I totally agree.........
Actually I really appriciate him because I knew he is always taking care of me and trying to encourage me, and doing his best for me.
(I accept recomendations for places or courses.:D)
I asked my teather about this.
I think this is a strange thing in japanese.
The Simsons is an animated film.
I am at Chingi air port.
The following is just something I heard from a Krean radio program.
Please don't hasitate to correct my sentences, and I would very much appreciate if you would write another natural expression in addition to my sentence
They are going/ willing to pay up to $ 2500 to patients (paitients) if the paicients (patients) are qualified/ qualify.
Tanabota probability is suppoused to be very high tonight, because on the night of July 7 we celebrate Tanabata Star Festival.
The students who can't come to scholl will be behind.
So many things have happend since I last wrote in my diary on December 14th in 2010.
In this field, you have to be very careful of every detials.
When I was a high school student, I studied English to preper for college entrance exams,
I certainly feel like dietting is not easy. hahaha ^ ^;
Our relatives all came together to talk to each other and to cook a lot of dilicouse food that we all ate together.
The massage fee is so expesive, but I will go there again.
So you add me, friend, and help me improve my Enlish.
Yesterday I was listining to Gilles Peterson's show on BBC Radio1 thorough internet.
I don't like to rest from work but I coudn't move this morning.
Some pople feel that it is necessary to know what is going on in the public through the infomation provided by advertising.
Thanks to advertisements, we can gain the lastest infomation effectively.
I was at my mother's home from Friday 11th to 13th of June to particepated in the reunion of my Junior high school class which have held on the 12th.
So I had to leave my mother's home at five o 'clock and take the first train at twenty to six on the Sunday morning because my home town is Shimoda, three and a half houre from the center of Tokyo.
Because I slept in the room next to the kichen.
Then she called me from the kichen ``Are you all right?
Thank you for reading this poor leavel English composition.
Although we are not togather anymore, he still rember me. I feel very happy.
Becaouse I'm cold-natured.
It looks boring, ha, however I understand why it really attarct men.
Pho tasted verry well.
there wasn't any probelm throughout the group reague since Japan was keep on winning to next round step by step, but it is tornament now.
While a docter was treating my teeth, I cried all the time.
Do you have your profile, where you can write short menssages (no more than 140 characters), and those menssages will be displayed for all your ``followers`` (people who follow you, have acess to your updates).
I saw that fhe sky was quite blue, and seemed very far away.
There were many people who belived in it.
In order to use the internet via I pod touch, wireless LAN is nesscessary, unlike the iPhone.
Chakras are ubicated in each auric body and are responsible for retaining and metabolizing the energy that the body needs to work optimally.
In fact, we don't have (just) one cardiac chakra, for example, but seven: one in the etheric body, another in the emocional body, another in the mental body, another in the astral body, etc.
Usually the literature on/ about this topic describes chakras from the emocional body as the only ones that exist.
And I think these tastes are greatly influenced by each country's clutural backgrounds.
You may feel thirsty without milk or aything else when you eat sweet potato.
My mother keeps saing that I should solve more math problems, and my father keeps saing I should do three things this summer vacation.
Monday, Thursday, and Friday, I have a clase in the morning, and Tuesday and Wednesday, in the afternoon.
I want to speak English and Spanish, and of course Japnese:]
It is sad to reaiize, but for the last 4 days, that I've spent on this site, in my posts there was done only one correction.
My favorite ramen restraunt
I have a week-long vacation, but I don't have anthing to do.
First I got up late, then then while I was in class, my teacer aske me a question regarding the meaning of a word.
I always think too much and hesitate when I want to speak in Engligh.
But, I feel so nurvous about it!! xd
I'm wating for the delivery.
Because it can be used for exercing.
Yoga, boxing, bowling and mouscle work outs are available as well.
C. Escher drew immpossible archrectur structures, they seemed like infinity but limitedness and they seemed to change pattern.
I like play gitare, draw and play volleyball.
Peters stupid jokes always amuze me.
More often than not I feel that there is/ a cultual difference between Japan and Korea while I'm staying in Korea.
Most of the jeweleries was huge, so they seemed to not fit Japanese people because we are smaller than European people.
He replied to me with an intersting and long message when l sent
I'm flom Japan.
Now, my father is in the hospital because he has a mental desese.
but I warry that she will collapse.
but today, when I rubuilt my computer (system), there was no problem.
Can anyone help me with my Englsih?
Im chatted with my finternational friend on Facebook.
Because I just had gotten results and throughaway them away.
Please teach me I can't superate them.
What is your teqnic in learning the language you are interested in?
In my opinion, you cannot learn a new language or even travel through the world (wich is my dream) if you don't know how to speak English corectly.
Hello my wuderful friends.
What an unfogetable day!
But I have been continiously woken up by aftershocks.
I konw that everything depends on God and my abilities in English, but I really want to pass it.
I'm worring about two things.
Anotoher is the expensive tuition fee of business schools.
now I'm considering (think about) which contries I'll go to.
And this vacation is alomost 1month long, so I want improve my English level.
I wanna send ``Thaks for pointing my mistakes and correcting me`` and ``good job for correcting``, but I have no idea where to click on my page...
They shut down the factories and laid off labors/ workers.
I haven't raed the book Black Boy yet and I have to write this diary.
``The fandamental Teachings of [Quran and Hadith] Vol. 1& 2 Compiled& Edited by
I don't know why. Maybe it's becouse it's 35 degrees C and you can't do anything outside.
Then I was hangry an hour later and ended up eating a bowl of noodles.
If this continuts, I think my friends will not be able to recognize me over vacation.
Most of my friends alredy already gone
He plays basketball with his frients after school every day.
Last year, when I walked around my neighborhood, I noticed a small signbord for a Shodou school.
I will enjoy this page. aaAnd I want to help the people who study Japanese.
The story is about a girl called Jessy who has a grandfather who faces dealth.
Sea is the goal for each peoson.
Homecomming visit
I was suprised at the air ticket price.
Public bath in Japanese is called Sento and I love it.
In Sento, everyone is usually naked without a bathing suit.
I am proud that I have such a friend, who knows english very well and can travell in England and other countries.
My friend said that the (air) temperature was tewnty degrees this afternoon...
Because of some very spicy ones and coreanders.
However, I want to mention that my English is very poor so if you are reading my diary right now, please have patience and I'll be very greatful, <3 thanks a lot.
I am not a romantic person so my wife alawys say to me that I should be more romantic
I really appriciate it.
I bought many things, for example, a vacuume cleaner, a refridgeator, a table, a bed and curtains...
I can't sleep because I'm loney.
Pls be informed that this shipment will be deliveried as LCL via Hongkong.
May be this is because I do not want to learn English in the beginning. But I will try my best to learn it in fruture. My glish teacher has taught us many words, but I cannot remember them and use them in the wrong way. What can I do?
The food is not as delicious as I expectaion.
The food doesn't taste as good as I expectaion.
We happed to meet a Japanese tourist group.
I asked someome in the group in Japanese.
My bad English wasn't understood to Perucian.
I want to go to Peru agian.
It was a very nice memory ecxept for the Japanese torists.
I was impressived!!
Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries, I am able to improve my skills and develop my carrer.
So I remembered about the time I chose my job when I was a ager.
I dropped by the library on my way back and I brrowed ``One Piece``.
Today, when I was about to get in my car, I found something on the glound.
I quit smoking in April of this year, but because of stess I started again.
I know it's not good for my health, but somoking after feeling feeling so much stress is beyond expression.
I'm Japanease, but I live in Beijing presently.
Today I learned some new words from this convasation.
I think the uniforms you see in the picture are orenge and bule,
In the practice mutch, I got punched in the stomach and fell down!
The instructer said that it wasn't very strong, but I couldn't speak.
We laied on our backs, and the instructer stood on our bodies and jumped three times.
We voters probably won't be able to konw all the results of the election till midnight (today).
This election also addressed the? resultion? with many foreign countries.
The U. S./ The USA, China, North and South Koria and all the others countries around the wourld.
The resultion is known by God alone.
They probably broke bacause I listen to music too long>_ <(this also works)
When I become a teacher, I would like to be the caoch of a high-school football team.
Anyway, football is an extremely organaized and systematic sport.
I replaced the sentences in the grammer book with my own sentences.
As a wowan, wrinkles are the number one killer of beauty.
My big brother participaterdin in Tokyo malathon last month, which is one of the biggest citizen race.
He finised in 3hour 6minites.
The saddest part is that his older sister had also committed suicided.
I don't know why, but this year has had a lot of Fridayy the 13th.
As a result, we have Hence the spectacula congestion on the highway.
my name, special hollyday e, photo and so on.
Today is a boing day.
I want to drink alchol.
After that, I wathed a DVD at home.
My elder sister is a doctor too, so once they start talking about thier jobs, I have no idea what they are saying.
We go to the temple and pray for our family's health and heppiness, and for world peace.
Thease are very delicious.
Next Tuesday there wii be a presidential election in Sri Lanka.
I don't know what the most important thing is for me; I have many probelems that I have to solve.
While I was studying, a frined on the Internet told me about an interesting video game called Age of Empires 3!
The test was quite difficute, especially the listening section.
We spent 2 hours at sturbucks.
My friend geve me a Goya yesterday.
If I keep on my regrefrigerator it will change to yellow color and very sweet taste.
My father is paster, and he loves studying.
If you buy deers rice cracker, I caution you.
Deer will paster youviolently.
He had no problems or consern and was very happy.
We cried and said good-bye to our best friends with whom we studied and lived together for 4 years because we were all going to different parts of the& nbsp; country and pursuited our dreams/ goals.
My favorite fruit is pinapples.
I always wonder if it is better to buy a cut pinapples or a whole one.
Just have to live for now and preparate for the future.
go abrod..
some of my friends have gone to forine countries
to learnd English...
but I don't have the time to go abraod..
and other uroup cntury (nation)
Because they are in small gages always and walking time is once or twice a day which is only ten or twenty minutes.
I know that it's gon to be difficult to keep up with this class, but I believe that this class will be the place where I can grow up because I will be given many opportunities to say what I'm thinking in the class.
At first, I felt a little down, but I like it now because my frends said it looked nice:))
I took TOEFL this morning and I found my English typing speed is too slow, despit my fast Chinese typing.
So I made the dicision during the test that I must find a way to get more opportunities to type English, in order to improve it ~ Maybe I should keep on blogging in English.
Hrajuku has its own character and is representedby (?) the lolita look and cosplay.
So she wanted me to get an arrenged married.
Once I was forced to see a man on a date arrenged by my mom.
Actualy, she did liked him at all.
It happed a long time ago but I still am reminded of it whenever I see my mom.
At last, I hope erverything will improve!
They are have good servie, and changed it to/ gave me a new account.
It's about a pirate called Lufy who is the hero in this comic.
It's called ``devil's fluits``
I am Interestd in videogames (for example: PS3, PS2, PSP, Xbox, Wii, NDS). Also anime, and technology like the iPhone and iPad.
Have you planted the seeds of appriciation?
Here I uploaded some screen shots from this docmentary.
becasue am a lazy girl.
I heardly save any money.
Please enjoy the song while you helping me corecting my diary
both internal and aborad.
But,, after this episod, I'm careful eating Kimchi in other country.
and it's a bit boring, but there is a crack from where you can enter the underworld if you kill all the enemies on the area that leads to the crack/ opening and to the garden and at the end, you can enter the Hero's Hall. There, everithins is made of gold and in the last part you can find three mesmer (?) bosses called The Darkness. If you kill them, they give you two green staffs, and each staff can be sold for aproximaly five thousand gold coins.
If I had spoken earlier to him and my seniorities, that would not have happened.
And also there are a lot of various metter (?).....
This is my new goal, and I've set a date: 30 juny 2011.
I have been using the iPod application and iTunes so that I was little more familier with the Apple products.
My classmate and I will play it at a pormance in July.
I felt so much cooler despite knowing that the tempreture might/ may not actually go down that/ so much.
I hane to make a presentation about Accounting.
So, I hane to study Accounting!!
I think they'll give you good anwers and help you resolve your Japanese problems.
My target: I want to talk with forign people in English!
I belive that the first experience of everything is very exciting/ memorable
When I chatted with Atuya, who can speak English fluently on Skype, he recommended that I buy them.
When I went to Canada I was impressed with the stuuning scenery in Louis 'Lake.
With some deep-green shadows around the lake, it seemed more mafnificent.
But at my home we have not used it yet, becouse the weather as changed so quickly..
I thihk it is very fun to make friends.
Green leaves work and create energy vigorously on the trees during summer; they turn golden, and fall onto the ground after thier hard work.
I wanted to buy another magazin but I didn't buy it.
I found some nice clothes in this magazin but they are a little expensive.
Since I went to Neko cafe for the first time, I was so surprised to see many cats.
And also, I cought a cold from him.
In Japan, almost all students (elementary school, junior high scool, and high school) get summer vacation from the 4th week of July to the end of August.
Reserching also requires English skills.
Today March 10 is the day when candidates can know whether or not they passed the entrance exam of national univercities in Japan.
I have a girlfriend and love her, but I `m so embarraced that I have not yet told her so ^ ^.
We go to the same private univercity (Univercity of Keio in Tokyo) and belong to the same class.
But she also studied to pass the entrance exam of the Univercity of Kyoto!
I feel sorry because I won't be able to meet her if she passes the exam (Kyoto is far away from Tokyo), while I support her and believe she will succces.
The topic is staying healthy, we have to write some points on the note card and say it in front of calssmates in three minutes.
here's my whole sppech
And then, I didn't exerices in the past, because I hate sweat.
But now, I realize that I can't be like this anymore, I want become healthier, so, I changed my dail rountine.
I want to learh English because my dream is to visit many countries. Maybe all countries of the world.
Luckly, we had nice wather.
My favorit thing.
They will see the full bloom cherry blossoms for the fiest time.
I was tlanslating an English e-mail for my boss the other day.
But I have gotten the idea that it's good enogh in quality and looks at this moment.
I'm lookimg forword to this weekend very much.
Even now, the accident is going on, and because it is known that bolacic acid absorbs the atomic products ejected from the fuel, I heard they put it and water around the NPPs to deal with the problem.
I could not watch the perfect ecripse,
My iPod doesn't work becuse I washed it today.
But, these thougts make me feel pressed and I have done nothing recently.
I had a conversation with him about complaint of our current state untill 1: 00 a. m.
I felt really happy when my former boss told me that I would move to the Okinawa office, because the Okinawa office is quite popular amang my coworkers.
During our first year of living in Okinawa, we didn't have a child yet, so by my wife driving us we could go anywhere we wanted (In those days, my drivers lisence had expired because I forgot to renew!).
It is true to studing languages consists of the letters.
If you have done that yourselfe, share your experience, please.
So I think it's good to keep in thouch like now.
Another one was personalifying risks are percieve to be riskier than enormorous risks.
I'm working part-time at an Italian restrant.
I want to make frends with people all over the world, especially English and Spanish speakers.
Maybe we won't be able chat (often) because of wime zones, but I really want to get to know you.
I used to hate writing something because I felt it was such a hussle.
have no substitle.
But the next exam is coming soon, it makes me a little nervious.
This is becouse it was just in full bloom.
He said ``take this/ some medicinene (anthelenintic).....`` But I had not eaten (yet).
Here have a quantity of foreigers.
Sometimes the foreige friends help to correct my English diary.
I spent some time, to think of an ansewer.
But I think people who have beards don't look good. (on some people it looks cool, like jhony Depp)
I get a runny nose very often (kind of allegic?) and I get tired easily.
I haven't writen this blog for a long time.
I was suprised and (still) feel very thankful.
The dolphin was spotted bearing deep wounds from the bite of a large shark on Friday. Until Monday the animal had not emerged from Moreten bay for its nightly feed, and it was feared it may have succumbed to the injury, but the twelve-year-old dolphine returned to his regular feeding spot on Monday night, and was transported by boat to Sea World on Australia's gold coast, where he underwent the surgery and now recovering.
I will go his reatraurant again in the near future.
begiin new days.
Please recommand an English name for me!!
Please recommand an English name!!
Actually, I deleted history on Windows Exploer, but I did not clear the document history.
I'm greatly lokking forward to meeting him.
In the morning, I hurried to get up and eatted the sanwiches that I prepared yesterday night.
At that time, I began to realize that I forget my tiket and wallet at home.
The relationship between parents and children is very improtant.
If you're interested in the special culture, I'll introduce a useful tool for browsing throught the night markets in Taiwan.
My lithneing skill is very weak, so I always got the lowest score on the listning category of the TOEFL.
Are there other effective ways to train the listhening skill?
I always go to clinics, to meet doctors and advatize or inform them about my company's medicine.
However, sometimes I am appriciated by dotors for my support.
In Madrid, it has been raining all day and going outside has been imposible.
My hobbies are listeng to music, watching TV, playing sports, and so on.
According to the weather forcast, it will rain tomorrow.
And two tyhoons will come close to Japan.
Because I hope to make a present for my mather on Mother's Day.
According to the article, in Bulgium, there are four parties and they all have trouble with language.
This writer's point of veiw, you can tell there are two worlds in the Cinderella story.
In 2009, many scientific studies showed that chocolate has many interesting properties: it is rich in flavonoids, provides good protection from the sun, improves heart health, decreases blood pression, and even protects against cancer.
What is coreect?
is there anything elso...?
If I go there again, I will go bankrapt.
While there, we were thaught about the Asuka era of Japan in English by foreign people.
I went to a toy museum with a forener.
I hope one day I will speak inglish, one day....
I also like cosmetics, fasions, and magagines. Movies make me excited.
Today, a tayhoon hit city.
I won't go to wark.
I wish tommorrow will be fine.
The differnce was, however, he kept on going to his potty even when wearing his diaper.
When I found this site, I decited to post in my journal everyday.
When I said that her studens seem to have been improving their Japanese a lot, she looked really happy to hear it.
I know her feeling. When I was an instructor of drawing software at a bussiness school, I was happy to hear about my students 'efforts and improvement.
They often gave me the enagy to teach.
I could do it anyway but my friend couln't and held the bar whole time... it was so cute:)
I want kimono for myself but you need speacial treatment to keep the kimono in good conditoin.
I love this lenguage, and my greatest wish is to speak and write English (fluently).
And it eables us to enjoy taking a bath outside and to overlook the valley.
It seems a little bit complecated to me.
It seemed to be a very nice day.. so I took a chance to ride my bike becouse it had been a long time without using it.
I am so depressed. I study English every day, and when I finish class, I come back to home. I continue to study English, but I feel my English is not improve much, I memorize English words every day, bu next day I forget half, I feel so upset, I think my IQ is good, but my memery is not so good....
I want to know whether foreign people have dyed thire hair or not.
Because an upstairs room is cheaper than a downstairs one in an apertment house in India.
But I can't remenber everything I study.
If you know the best way to remenber, please write your way in a comment.
Today I finished my thesis finally and I may be able to graudute from school in two weeks.
My brother has told me that my grandmother has been transfered to the emagencey room for brainsurgery.
My allawence is far from being able to afford even the cheapest one.
Soo today I will write somethink in English.
I desperately searched for an Austraian conversation partner, but three months were not long enough to masnter conversational English.
He answered me, we introduced each other, and bigan to talk.
Maybe you will meet a lier that will steal your money, because who knows anyone on the internet, where people can promise anything? God knows!
There are aminals there which have been abandoned.
However, he miraculously recoveriedand and he is full of energy now:)
I needo to study English, but I don't have any motivation......
I admit that I'm a lil insecure, which I don't like to be.
She fascinates me though I don't linten to pop music very much.
Althoug the weather was not perfect to see as far as Mt.
I am really nervouse.
It's the bussiness language.....
Untill I read another person's journal, I had never heard about it.
Only suginami-ku (one of Tokyo's towns) was entryed in Japan.
Now, I want to be a coustomer survise agent in airport.
Hope I can successfullu pass this examination.
I'm a big fan of ``The Dark Knight`` and ``Mement`` and I like Ken Watanebe.
Absentmindly story
How about in your hoilday?
I'm sorry for no contant for such along time.
While I was at work, I met a pofessor sho was Mr. (nome of my lats supervisor)'s friend and he introduced himself to me.
I am not sure if I will have good topics in the future, if I will pass exams and enter the Unirvesity, or if I will find a job in a good newspaper or a magazine.
On top of that some fuel rods have alread suffered damages. [suggestion]
I wish I could recover immidiately. I hope I recover soon
Whose backgroud music is excellent.
my choir teacher has been soo anoying lately.
The population of Japan is decreating now, but business in Japan is poor.
Gonna work as a web creater after graduating (only 2 months left!),
They were the offense side, and we were the defense side.
I need the computer because I am studing English and I must do myhomework.
So, they are not eager to get mariage.
I didn't think it was relexing.
We slpet only 3 hours every day.
I think pople are unaware about how little we care about things as we get older.
Anway, I think this movie is not only for a child but aslo an adult.
It's a very exciting, entatining, and heartwarming film.
I was going to buy running shoes but what I actully bought were like DVDs and so on.
He will soon stand by hisself.
I'm planning to get a driver licecse before long.
I nerver finish reading the books that I buy; I am a cracy girl.
I know it is really hard to do it. Sometimes I am lazy; sometimes I am drosy and would like to sleep.
I'm practcing ``In too deep`` by Sum41:)
In japan, girls give chocorate to boys.
Aroud 328 pepoples& nbsp; died.
Last week, my classmate who is& nbsp; now a& nbsp; teather. Told me that& nbsp; two classes have been& nbsp; Cancelled, due to the H1/ N1 in her school.
I think I have a responsity to remind you, my friends, to pay more attention to your health.
Personly, I insisit that health comes first.
I am looking for peolple who can teach me English.
To tell you the turth, I felt sorry for him, because he really looked sad...
I went to Izu znd Kumamoto in this summer vacation.
Humm I still don't know what to write about. I definitely need some help, because I never have time to practice my writen English...
AlthoughI don't know hou to use it.
It rained heaviliy today.
Espeicially if you take two totally different language courses, it would drive you crazy.
He played football till he was a highsool student.
And I'll correct entries writen in Korean on Lang-8.
But after a little training, I learned to opreate it.
In the end, we choose to wait for the special bus because it was more convinent.
Havy raining!!
It is hard for me to consentrate on my studies.
because my frieds all have girlfriends, except me!
from IT technology to peaple's values.
The Tokyo Electric Power Company said ``We will use the accomodation later as we don't want the field workes to dirty it.``
Therefore, I waitd for her at the station yesterday, so she was pleased as well.
And by this morining I'm already almost finished!
He can speak intermediate level Japanese, and would probably be able to explain English glammers in Japanese.
Now, I rerally talk with people even in Japanese because I am busy with work.
Ttherefore, I decided to run at my fun-run pace.
It is very beneficial means to learning a foreighn language, so I'll try to use it when I have time.
I have been having toothaches theese days.
The TV program showed/ explained that the children of emmigrants who had to go back to ``their mother countries`` were not receiving adequate attention. (by whom?)
I would like to study abord.
Generally spearking, most Taiwanese are warmhearted and friendly.
He then had an operation at a Nanjing hospital where the docotor removed half of his lungs.
Now I'm not confortable eating hot and spicy meals...
Then, I talked to many people, but I couldn't comunicate well.
And now, I want many foreign Frends, I wanna talk about many things.
I guess this is the most importan quality that I write until now.
Moreover, a thaughtless act or remark can spoil a perfect relationship.
Recently I take a shawer twice a day.
Menbers arrange a meeting in the local area via twitter.
I try to do exercise but I usauly must open the window all the time. Today I did not read but I will be at home after I finish in the internet room. I bought fruit before I took the bus to go home. I eat on the bus a lot. I have a headache like I drank beer.
I recenyly haven't been to a music concert so I decided to go to a concert.
Something hapended to me that put me down.
I get up evry morning and feel like a loser.
In fuct, I was studying meteorology when I was about 20years old, but before I knew it, I stopped being interestd in Meteorology.
Today is a historical day because we could see a solar eclispse over almost all of Japan.
It means the electricity is cut off at a regulat time every day.
So I found that electricity is one of the more important things in our dayly lives.
I made a big effort to learn, because this is so intereting for me more and more.
People in Canada usualy put their foots on across a seat in the bus.
A few days ago, I was complaining to my boyfriend that I'm so envious that others can have fun all the day and night but I can't, he said nothing but ``that's what you chose.`` I was so depressed then, because what I want is only some conforts.
The man. was a Cadian
But my new office is in the city, so I have to wear bussiness suits.
Today, I bought a lot of new things to wear to work, for example: bussiness suits, shoes, and so on.
I can control my computer to play a vidio from far away.
I was going to make a team but I coud n't afeter all.
I was sad and disappinted.
And I doother sport which are badminton and volleyball every Weddesday.
Altough I don't know if I will get the best
By the way, I want to learn Japanese during my snmmer vacation.
I `m a studend and I can work only at night.
I hope you can help not only correct my grammar mistakes but also develope my arguments.
Of course I liked them, all the same, I was getting sick of the coulor gradually, so I asked my husband to paint it white.
But it seems to be impossible for me. hahahaha
In erementary school, we are taught to protect conformity amongst the people in our class.
When I told them what time I started cooking that day, thay were surprised because it was too long and pointed out that I tended to cook time-consuming foods.
Basketball, Vallyball, Soft-ball, Tennis, Table Tennis, Soccer and Jump Rope.
I played Basketball and Vallyball.
A couple of mothes ago, I took a test called TOEIC, which is a Engilsh reding and listining test.
When the score was anouced, I was supriesd becouse I got a 930.
I was relly gratifed and I was proud of my score.
He is a Japanese coedian.
The score is not that satisfactory, but I'm just really happy that one of the biggest burdens on my sholder finally got offloaded.
There was interesting camaign against hunting cheetahs in Africa.
This campaign was led by the African ogranization of cheetah, and there were a lot of well-known people. For example, Oprah Winfrey talked about the horrible decrease of the cheetah population for 50 years.
Also I paid the organization $ 1000 so I can't go to the cinema with you, because I don't have any money now. But I'm very pround of myself and its so much better than this new film with Stallone.
Today, our laboratory willl have a student from Mexico.
Foe example, we can get healthier bodies by physical exercise and improve our blood circument.
Playing basketball is good for increasing the height of the body and improving fridndship.
and I got your infornation from the internet.
These wege pages are for your reference:
Giant suhi
I always gaze at my PC screen, and I make dicision whether the applications are similar to previous ones.
And I hope I will make friands with many people for international exchange:-)
You may think I stayed there verrry short time,
Suppose we could only get food that is tasteless or stinky; we might be able to survive, but we might also find life meaningless since the essance of life is gone.
Lucky enough as we are, we do not have to worry about this hypothetic tradgey.
For this, I have been practing speaking in English by using a textbook and a CD.
come on! God help those who help themseves.
So today, I want find (or make) some friends to hlep me with my English
By the way, I love Geo of ``Ugly Betty`` and I think ``Jim`` of ``the Ghost Wisper`` is the ideal hasband!!
We are a lttle tired, so we are taking a break right now.
We are wating for an answer now.
I feel really good becase I will not go to work tomorrow mornig. I plan to go there later after I have finished reviwe some things at Sanamhoug. I'm really happy.
She teaches me like I paid her money and we plan to study English and chainese together.
She is really nice and will teach me Chinese while I plan to help her speak Thai very fust.
I really like when she speaks Thai with me. So, on Sunday, we plan to wath a free movie together at Suvimvit 55 road.
I like reading books which teach me how to deale with the things in human life.
Before I left for the shopping centre, I looked up the collections of my favorite clothing companies online.
I started off looking round my favorite clothing shops, but they had nothing in stock that I liked.
I purchased them, but in my haste I made the mistake of picking up the wrong color!!
I will stydy English.
Then I tried to add ice but the ice came out so quickly that I received a_ alot more than I wanted.
One thing I was suprised about was that the people on Car1 got off at Suidobashi station.
It is too difficult to become fluent in a ``no-Enlish`` environment...
I'm interesting in seeing how the Japanese govenment handles
To achive that, I should study English grammer and increase my vocabulary.
I think it helped me regain my health (get healty) again.
Although I have learned English grammer for six years throughout middle school and high school in Japan, my conversational skills are not enough.
I'm in the lab waiting to assist students who are learning Japanse, but no one has come so far.
I have read a few blogs which say that olibe oil makes vanilla ice cream more delicious.
Because it cools your body down, you comsume the calories in order to warm your body up again.
I only go back to my parents 'home every annum.
However, this time, it seems to be fixed easyly.
But the computre was down with a blue screen.
My roommy, a Japanese, introduced me to this site.
I'm really happy to have known this site and it's a pleasere to show my 'useless' diary lol
I will take an English conersation class at the office.
It will bigin from the 13th of October.
I alawys think and worry about my fears. Worrying about wheather I can make it and what should I do if I fail...
This time, I boght English books.
But I'll try to stady hard.
I came across an article on the CNN website last night which enumerated a number of useful sites specially designed& nbsp; for language learners just like us, and the lang-8 was high on the list, so I signed up and joined this big community, I hope my enthusiasm& nbsp; for learning foreign languages will be sactisfied& nbsp; on this site, and also I'll be zealous with people& nbsp; who need& nbsp; my help.
I answerd, ``I don't think so.
They don't get holday or days off.
I am Korean and I'm studying English for an enterance test for a university.
Then I will go to sleep. I aways sleep late.
I love MINISTOP's chocolaite and vanilla mix Ice cream.
Now, my throat feels much better and I don't have a headche anymore.
I have been trying to find a frind for studying (?) Russian-English a long time.
The day before yesterday, the president saied, ``Everyone speak English.
For example you can say good morning ``in the monrnig meeting.
I can speak in English to everybady.
Perheps they are impressed by the boy's deep-rooted loyalties to his teacher but it seems like an effort is made to nip the talented untouchable boy in the bud by the nobles.
I walked fourty minutes.
So, I started this site, and I also boght a DVD called ``CORE Rythms``.
This DVD has gotten popular in Japan, because a Japanese comedian (woman) tried this DVD and she suceeded in losing weight.
The DVD itself was not funny, it was just a regular dance excersise video.
Especially, my bocubrary is terrible...
That made us laugh loud since our class is in warm atmosphter.
It was especially difficult because each sentense was very long.
I spend a lot of time drowing.
When I went to a supermarket last night to buy some flozen fishes, I was surprised that there was a difference in the price between frozen fish and frozen processed fish, frozen fish is more expensive than the other, it's amazing!!
I graduated from high school on marth 1st.
But I didn't tear a lot during the graduation celemony.
The show lasted only a few minture, because the boss was back so soon, I had to stop the music and lhad to stop the dance.
It's been getting wormer and warmer by the day since summer is coming very close!
Today we watched the movie called ``An Inconvinient Truth`` which was made by Al Gore.
I played soccor with my friends in the park last Sunday.
I visited frends who graduated.
There are IT-English courses provided by my company, but they are rare, quite exspensive and all the places are currently taken.
Catalonia (Catalunya) is now an autonom comunity of Spain with specific caracteristics like its language (catalan), its culture, its gastronomy, etc.
compets to get the best score
If you belived in me ``
If someone belive in you, you belive in the world.
If you know good way, pleaze teach me.
I really appriciated that, especially my girlfriend.
Moreover, we are expected to have a wide range of imformation not only to teach all subjects but also to help students broaden their world.
Will they keep me standing until I concide on some issues?
Next week our family is planning to go campping in the forest.
Flour contains water, proteins, carbonhydrates, lipids, minerals (inorganic substance) and vitamins.
By the way, he is a very nive person, as well as being shy sometimes.
As I have said in my self-introductioon, I like meeting foreign friends, so I do feel desperately happy to meet or receive any information from them.
I have to write an essay on Japanese education for foreign students, and I'd like to know how all you Japanese lerners really think.
Throught I am a leader of my department, I always feel that I'm lack of confidence.
I told somebody, but of course they didn't bileave me.
Untill what age did you believe in Santa?
On another note, I bought a grammer's book.
because I don't like grammer.
Those who cannot pass the tast will have many problems next semester.
That's the reason I'm able to learn it more effectly than English and I have more fun with it.
I live in taipe now.
I lesten to a worker speak about job hunting.
I think I have to aim and try to acheve the goal.
From now on, I wil try to explain about the basic rules in Japanese.
If you need to be plite, you can say ``watashi ha hashirimasu``.
Regaedless of the subject of a sentence, you must not forget to add ``ha``.
If you have some questions, I'm wiilinng to answer you!
I tried to cook something like that even though I didn't know the vegitables.
And then soneone in the Japanese EMI heard the album, and asked me why couldn't I write in Japanese?
Internet additon
I am addiced to the internet.
I spend much time serching for information on the internet too.
She and her family camr to Japan for work 21years ago and now, they've become Japanese citizens.
I am very happy to encounter a good teacher, but I always feel that to learn foreigh languages in Japan, an island country, is really difficult.
Since I don't have any chance to talk with foreigher, especially in a counryside like where I live.
Sadly, I didn't bring a good camera with me, so I could onlly use my cellphone to take pictures.
earthquake in the Tohoku district and there being lots of the victims from it and the tunami, some parks are asking people to refrain from hanami this year.
What I thought, though, was that the part time job was unnecessity at the test because there was no examiner who was a native speaker.
I promised myseIf to write a diary entry every day since I found this great website, but I already failed to stick to my word.
I was going to write this last night, but the temptation of chatting with my friend was so powerful even though there was nothing beneficail for me (it was just time-killing).
finally, I went to bed at three am this morning. what's worse is that I coundn't go to my class that started at 9 o 'clock.
Saury is in seazon now.
But actualy, it is an old American car.
There have been rumores of match-fixing.
However, the rumores has never been proven true.
The Japan Sumo Association has decided to cancelle the next sumo tournament.
Today, pastors and leaders from Taowan, Uganda and Singapore came to our church.
(Someone said that this sentenience is the worst opening in the world) I have just graduated from my university, in which my major was computer science.
After th coffee hour, he had planed to play soccer with his friends, so I joined them.
-The North-East direction is considered to be a source of bad unluck.
I wonder when my tootchach will get better
I am writing this entry on my journal at McDonald's, the famous worldwide humbarger chain.
in all the stores in Japan I can use my PC with the broadbank network when I come and sit at McDonalds.
But in reality I can use the internet under the broadbank connection of 20Megabite/ sec over a cup of coffee, which costs only 120 yen here in Japan.
I think I should go to the hospital, but recieving tretment in a hospital abroad is a little bit scary for me.
I was wating for my friend in front of the school.
Kimch has a strong smell.
The husband is a native canndaian and his wife is a Filipina.
I hate complicated movies because I can't understand the story as soon as I concentlated on the subtitles.
Jane is tired of dealing with customer omplaints and wishes that she could do other work.
I'm a Cresso Osaka supoter.
Shinji Kagawa was a menber of this team.
Now he blong to Dortmunt in Germany.
Making freid is absolutely another gole for me.
I bought it, and of couse I bought a battery too.
Would you explain thse sentences below?
I was happy to learn that there is such a good restraunt nearby!
We had a big humburger.
To take the side of Superman is very easy. He can fly and shoot rays from his eyes. He has super strenght and incredible endurance.
I decided to take the Graduate exam instand of finding a job.
Ithought June has cool temperatures and cold rain.
words, spelling, grammer, and pronunciation.
Since Australia used to be aBritishcolony English in Australia is besed on British English.
I'm going to write the text ``End N`` at the lower-right corner of the illustrarion.
She is one of the most famouse singers in Japan.
One of them adores Ayu and she gose to Ayu's concerts all the time!!
(Of course, the contents of the concerts were the same.) It meant that she paid about fouty-thousand yen only for this time...
I do not see Pepsi in neighborhood supermarkets or convinience stores.
Yesterday night, I had an arguement with my 14 year old little brother who is in juniore high school.
After finishing up the friyers, I will hand them out at the station.
Needless to say, they ate it greedly and quickly.
I think they are the cutest of all animls
Oh, I wish I saw many beatiful stars when out in Mother Nature.
If you know English and want someone to correct your Japanese sentences, please be frindes with me!! I want many friends to help me improve my skill.
The Moring was not so bad because the teacher was not so tired and had a sense of self-composure.
As the techer felt tired, she became nervous.
As kids were scoled, they became defiant.
There are many fravor: salmon, cod roe, sea chiken and so on.
Suddenaly, it started raining and I had to go home T T
I prefer Chinese, but I don't want to lose my Japanese songs and I don't have enought time to expose myself to two languages, the former for the fun of the learning experience and the latter for the pleasure of the songs of my childhood.
I want to see more color butterflies.
So people in Tokyo buy eberything in the shops and I cannot buy water, rice or paper.
Yesterday, I went to Restrant Hajime for lunch with my girlfriend.
My favarite dish was loasted lamb.
It was so cool that we felt very comfatable.
Let's plant good seeds in our hearts togerther.
[Please plant good seede in the garden of your heart and you'll be happy for sure even if someone doubts it].
Plaese tell me your thoughts about this.
My headset was damged by someone I know, but I didn't want to directly blame her (for this incident).
After that, I baceme worried about my friends who are living in the area near the Tohoku area, the worst-hit area.
One of my friend said that she is suffering from afterquakes and blackouts.
She told me that she is very scared because afterquakes occur from time to time.
They even use the wrong gammar (in lessons).
I really want to study English. Well, hope you can hellp me! ~
My husband is goot at working with wood.
A couple of days ago I joined a team, that was created, to have University students translater English into Korean.
Our team's slogun is to be in the middle of the world that is emphsizing indepence and creativty.
I went to the building near the Pusan sity subway station to attend OT.
So my primary problem is pnunciation.
they lost to the Orland Magic. (;_;)
It was a little groce, but I liked it because its plot was easy to understand.
The only way to make me happier is to find someone esle.
Every year, I gave hime chocolates.
I cought a cold!
(I evaluatde this cooling system-It is weak.)
I went to the department store on New Year's Eve to buy some ingrediants.
On the morning of New Year's Day, many people go to a temple or a shrine to pray to achive their goal in that year even if they don't have any religion.
The story is mainly a piratie adventure, and the characters also have special abilities that are similer to Naruto's Ninjutu.
And, this drama satisfies me with the fantastic graphics and unbelievably suprising plot lines.
I normaly play
I have a habbit of checking the back of my hair a lot.
It is funny that even thoght I know my hair can't grow that fast in one day, I check it anyway.
I wanted to eat someting for lunch, so I went to the kichin.
I made macaroni and cheese yesterday, so I desided to eat that.
I looked for it everywhere in the frige, but my lunch wasn't there.
Then, my hostfather came to the kichin joyfully and began to talk.
I wnat to solve this situation.
About two months ago in the US, I saw a free traial service on a cosmetic company's website.
I only started lerning English recently. I'd like to speak fluently, but it's quite difficult for me now.
I recomend it.
One of my firends went to Myanmar as a vlunteer with her circle members.
I'm goind to introduce some of the goods later.
It's too complecated> <I wish someone could teach me how to use it> <aah
Anyways, I tought one of my dog a new trick yesterday.
In Korea, there are four seasons which are cearly different from each other.
In the evening the weather was good so we palyed badminton for a long time.
When I got it, at first, I suffered from tremedous pain for 2 days.
Many things have happend around me during that time.
That's why I'm writting a diary at this time... It's 6am in Japan now...
This earthquake happend when I was traveling in Europe.
I've never seen the forigners coming to sightsee in Tokyo after I came back.
All paper towels at the public restroom are a waste of resorces, so people should bring their own hankershieves to dry their hands.
I answerd, ``Actually, I dye my hair a little lighter.
I'm going to wirte a jorunal in English everyday.
Even though I visited Vancouver for 6 months to improve my English, my Enlish sucks....
Anyway, China's nationtal Day is coming, and we will have an eight day holiday all over China! That's so great ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
I want to be good at using the compurter.
``Japanese scientific thechniques are no. 1 in the world.``
An unforgettable moive
Unfortunately, I'll likely to have to sell my motorcycle because I'm going to study abroad in Victria, Canada this September.
The Green revolution has broght about great benefits for humankind as a whole.
After he successed in making his own company and joining in the market, most of his friends have changed into green-eyed monsters.
The core concept of this theory is based on reversing the ideas of drawing a pecture.
Untill the last moment the mother kept hugging and protected her
However, I made a stpid mistake at the bar.
I though it was a straw, so I tried to dring using it, but the dring didn't come up to my mouth.
I was so embaressed lol
What is diffarence bitween a mouse and a rat?
It felt (so) unnatutral.
I want to make a bisiness card and I'm thinking about my catch phrase.
I wrote it 4 times on paper and looked at the sentence before correcting diferent words.
I find out about me when I write the senten like the diary. I feel happy and I wait for someone to correct it before I check it. I feel exsiting and I think today someone will help me correct it.
Futon is a bedclothe.
It is obvios that I am easy to make happy.
I know that it sometimes seems meature, but candies are my favorite, so they obsolutly can make me happy.
do my best, even though I could not answer all the quetions perfectly.
You know what they say: ``Winners never quit; Quiters never win!``
And my mum, she is generouse and linient enough to make me brown bag lunches when I need them.
She sutisfies my familie's culinary taste.
Whoes is this car?
Whoes car is this?
They have three rooms decolated with many accessories that are hand made by the LIFE STUDIO staff, and You was taken about 70 cut pictures.
I have to read some scientific papers by tommorrow.
First of all, your families are alwals near you. This means that you can learn what you want to know anytime you want to from your parents, brothers or sisters.
When children are troubled by their relationships with their friends at school or solving thier homework, parents usually tell their children friendlly what to do for problems, and what they teach will remain in children's memories forever.
In general, the things pepeople learn when they are little are hard to forget, and sometimes are indispensable teching for their life.
Agemanju is very derisious.
One of my co-workers is Philipino and we talk in English although I am Korean and she is Philipino.
And when I work with foreiner teachers, I feel the cultural differences more.
I swim at gim once a week but my output of energy is smaller than my imput (eating).
At that time, I beleaved her.
We held a parewell party for him at an Okonomiyaki restaurant yesterday.
(Okonomiyaki is one of the most famouse Japanese dishes in the world.)
the most important thing to remember is one that I didn't spent the time being with my familly although I'm the only daughter.
I practiced prnounciation this morning with my teacher over the internet.
But today I enjoied my lesson because I did my homework.
I want my own domain and I can pay for someone to creat my homepage.
Wirting in english is little bit challenging for me.
He said, ``I was raised in Japan untill I was 14 yeras old and then moved to Portugal due to my parents' work, and now I've been living in England for almost 3 years. ``
In August 2010, I left Japan for South Korea to study economics, and Korean culuture and language.
I couldn't say anythig in reply because I could not speak Korean but my Western friends could.
This is really helpful for foreiners.
I check meanings and example stences, but it doesn't always work well.
Maybe I will be a tour guide, but not sure. Maybe I will just ues it for my own travel because I could get free access to some scenic areas with it.
These grown ripe are very sweety and tasty.
Her grandparents are comming over for the festival too,
I wonder if an school athletic festival is commonly held in other countires
Summer vacation will be over this mounth.
I was lazy about sutuding English.
But he only talk to me for about 10 min, when he waited for the meal in a restrant or only if he had spare time.
His house maid said his mother did not wish him to get married, because they needed his saraly for the whole family.
When I was in his room for a few days a year, I was dissapointed with his behaviors; watching TV, checking his phone, no talking.
I want to spend my time with my BF and have dinner togather.
In particulaly, after his anger surprisingly hurt me.
I had a BF, but I cannot talk, called up, share any ideas, no oppotunity to go out often and have a temper.
I'm looking forward to receave it!!
I will hang out Ikebukuro and eat some nice food.
The correct sentence is: ``Wolud you call me a taxi?``
My teacher told me not to fear using incorrect English, but I absolutly don't want to make mistake like this!
However, this situation symboled the kind of distorted affection and shallow nature some people have, called 'Naebi-geonsung', boiling fast and then getting cold just as quickly.
I am hurngry
I prefer low sugar to high sugar and I prefer fruite cakes to vesitable cakes.
Give me news of you regulary and also news of your mom, your dad, and your brothers and sisters.
At first, my friends didn't want to watch it but I reccomend it because this movie is made by Disney.
I live in a rental house, so I called the onner.
I can wash my fase comfortably becouse the sink is new!
what can I do abt it?
Maybe she had gotten infulenza.
All actyvities were great, especially The Hallywood (Hollywood?) Ride (this is a roller coaster) and Spider-Man The Ride.
While in the US, I went to the starbacks.
Still, I go to starbacks becasuse I can spend a longer time studying there than at other cafes.
I am working in a Group Home, where old people who suffer dimentia related deseases live, and we take care of them.
I think I should explain my situation first. I have been living in Australia for a year and 9 months in order to study English, and have been living with them for about a year. They are really nice friends so I want them to see my home town where I was born. The Zew Zealand friend also took me to see her country this past January. I really want them enjoy this Japan tour, and it will be a good chance to be like a bridge between Western and Japanese people, because one of my dreams in the future is to become a transrater so I will be able to see how good my English skills are. We are going to go to Okayama (my home town), Hiroshima, Osaka, Kyoto, Shizuoka and Tokyo, I can't wait to go there:)
At frist, I didn't believe it because I thought it was a joke. I lacked confidence at that time.
I talked on Skyp with my router.
I woked today.
It was a sanny day.
But after I entered a university, I realized taht I can't speak English as well as I would like.
If people eat it, according to the animal expreiment, it causes kindey calculcus and then finally becomes carcinoma.
I disagree it, because I think people will not be motivated to do thire work.
Thtat will make me more stressed.
In our lifetime, about 100 yers, we are supposed to choose only one person to have sex with, but sometimes people try to choose two people at the same time.
First, when a couple gets divorsed after 10 years of marrigae.
Second, whther a father or mother has a relationship with other man or women while still having a life as a family.
However, I haven't recieved any satisfactory replies so far.
What I am worring about is the fact that if I can't find a internship position this summer in Shanghai, I will have to go back home and stay there all vacation.
After that, I'm going to study English at the ECC schooi.
I was only free for a short while to buy vegetables and choclate in the city;) I need chocolate to reduce stress;) And now it's time to go to bed.
The event was canseled, due to the over crowding at the race track.
The holidays are called Golen Week in Japan.
But how can I acept him?
And I look forward to drinking with the teachers becaouse I promised them we would go drinking someday.
But, I wanna write my dialy on lanf-8 as much as I can!
They lable the phonetic symbols beside the Chinese characters.
All Chinese students begin to leanr pinyin for at least for 3 months once they start school.
I am still thinking about how humans can solve the energy problem themslves.
I keep searching the internet for answers but still havv not gotten them.
Are you influenced by the economic crisis? What infuence can you have on your country?
From now on, I have to prepair myself for the up-coming examinations.
That was the highst record ever.
(Yesterday I taked about a Manga Cafe. I'll talk some more about it today.)
I married fourteen years ago, but I don't live wirth my family.
Providing a good educetion for their child is also important though.
Besides, think more befor what doing something,
The volunteer work is basicaly something like this: if tourists ask how to get to their destinations or particular places, we'll show them how.
And the girl (or woman, more accurately), who is much younger than me, was very cute and nice, and we talked a lot about work, marrige, siblings, friends, etc.
I went to Yoyogi Park for cherry blossom viewing last satruday.
I am studing commerce in Melb.
I still feel unfamiliar with Melb,
Most of the Arabic lands are covered by deserts, therefore the animals in Arabic are very spicial.
Of course, I've never donete blood.
All the professors have gone to the conference, I am having a bresk.
It said ``expectually small penis.`` Then he laughed so loud at me.
Now you know why I can remember this word nmore easily than other words.>_ <
After that she is going to do yoka and I am going to go home full.
There all people were foriener.
Bcause I can catch my teacher's pronaunseation.
I had a bad hedache today.
By teaching your knoledge and trying to convey it as simply as possible, you can obtain deeper understanding about your knowledge.
I'm a university student, and I major in Chenese Literatre,
One semester of studies in Brussels resulted in unforgetable memories and valuable experiences.
Lastly, Brussels is a beatiful city to visit with pictureous places, numerous parks and museums.
My most favolite song is ``Lovers Again``.
This song is one of the most difficult songs in te game.
I'm so happy that I have found some friends here! I like to play games, let's disscuss it.
I'm really sorry for my friends who are waitng for my pictures.
Maybe wikiedia is better than me!!
I also met my parents and reltives.
I like to eat Umeboshi, Mozuku (like seaweed), and fried chikien!
Because I don't knouw!
However, when my first leg stepped out of my room on the way to complain about this to the hostel office, my cool mature roomate stopped me.
``A true/ real man will never be afraid of little insects.`` And he said with a calm voice, ``I used to be biten by insects too, but now they cannot harm me any more, coz/ because I have already grown a layer of iron skin.``
I think it is a good oppotunity, so I started& nbsp; my English diary (it may be weekly or monthly...)
Becouse my English class finished on Friday.
Prease, would you become my friend? ``
I like that menu, but I have an allegy to curcumber and tomatoes.
I fogot to tell the chef to avoid those ingredients.
Yes, he startd to feed them, but I have been taking care of them instead of my son.
My son is four yeras old, and he is too young to feed the larvals well.
As summer is coming, cockroaches appear in the kitch, my room, and everywhere else.
As you know well, this is a tarditional tactic of ours. (``For us`` is okay also.)
I am writing a diary in English beause I have a few pen pals and I want to improve my English skills.
He is the opresident of his company.
The race in the Northen America is not good for people in Japan because of time difference.
I went to Chinatown in Yokohama on New Year's Eve and celebrated the new yeare there.
It was yummmmy!
Anyway, this is so famous in Japan that banaa used to sell out lol If u are interested in this diet, try it ~ I've never tried this though ~)
Our class has Korean, Japenese, and Taiwanese students.
They're good classmates who are stuyding with me.
My teacher is Aamerican.
Citizen watches Japan cannot suuply just the parts.
but he is going to be deployed to one of the goverment offices because he got in a car crash several years ago and doctors implanted some metal parts in his left leg.
I've ever seen either but I still belive they exist.
Places has indentical features.
These last few years, I have come to love the beer, ``Kirin the Preimium Muroka``.
My band favorite is Green Day, the best punk rock band, because they're irreverent, their lyricals are cool and their music has a lot of energy
Of corce, amime is Ok.
The class always gives me stress/ stresses me out because I teach students who are preparing for their university enterance examinations. (It's very difficult and important for them in Korea)
I played the pianno with my daughter in the concert for the first time yesterday.
Are people in modern society losing thire moral values?
Nowadays there is a growing awareness that poeple in modern society are losing thier moral values.
Every year, bullying at school occurs and it doesn't seem to disapper, rather it's becoming worse because there are some students who commit suicide after being bullied and the way of bullying is becoming terrible.
There are some pople who talk so loudly with thier movile phone in trains or buses, not considering other people around them.
Have you seen Avator?
Yes, comics called Manga are part of our culture, there are many managas for adults and Manga is translated all over the world now.
I used to read fiction when I was young had a lot of free freetime.
I went back to my farher and mother's house.
then she craped her small hands and swayed to the song.
Jim Parsons's Smail is cute. XD
Many flights have been canceled.
Anyway I had a chande to talk with many people, including a few members who I don't like...
I thoght I would be late.
When I got to my office, the meeting in the mornig had alredy started.
There is not much differents because it's Asia.
confuse: Both of them told me different imformation about nuclear plant so I was confused.
compete: 57 succer teams will compete against each other this summer.
Recentry, there was a big earthquake in Japan.
We appriciate it very much.
On the second day we went to an iland near Kota Kinabaru, by boat.
We returned to the hotel and had a nup.
I asked `What do you recomend?''
There are many shops, factories, campanies, and even a bank.
Then, he worked as a engineer of a printing company and a researcher of a medical labo.
Hi, today I bought an electric guiter on an internet-shopping site!
I decided to start guiter so I joined a music club at another colledge.
My senior said ``I advise an early start on guiter and you should buy a guiter priced between 70000en to 80000en``
She instructioned me to call her friend who was a professional guiterist.
He told me his favor internet-shopping site where he bought his guiter from.
And he said, ``I think at first you should try a cheap one and if you think you want to play the guiter more, you should buy a more expensive one.``
I trust his word, because he is very kindful man (and my mother's friend)
Will you listen to my music, if I could play guiter very well? (haha)
They're really relly cool pants.
They are my dream pants xD and now I will go to my summer hous.
Poteto chips
However, it can be hassale to wipe it every time.
I will be starting work as a computer programer from next April.
If I was not able to understand slang, it would be difficult to comunicate with native spekers.
Of couase, I know it is important to learn these things.
I think something will change in Japan now that spring is comming.
It has been a very long time sice I last saw snow.
She describes the mental state of women in a vriety of situations in her songs.
They cry for a lost love and are dilighted with a new love.
this season will be meanful.
I'd like to tell Japanese how foreiner are interested in Japanese.
By wathing NHK, I can watch many kinds of programs.
Plus, when I listen to English in a similiar-way, I can't keep up with the conversation.
I heard that some mosquitoes (3) which inhabit in Australia are really harmhul for Japanese people because they (4) don't have immunity for some types of mosquitos.
My friend was bitten by poisoness spider and she now (8) has fever from the venom. Her situation is much (9) worse than mine.
Geez, why dindn't I realise this before?
But I will go there tomorrow anyway. I won't care about my anckle:P
When I was a kid, I bilieave that rabits lived in the moon,
And so, I go to the small kitchen in the office and drink coffe.
I appreciate it if you cheack my English or send a message.
When I was 14 years old, she came to my houese.
A very, very beautiful godess stays in a toilet.
That's why if you clean the toilet everyday you can become beautiful like a godess.
Because Stockholm is made up of many islands sorrounded by the Baltic Sea.
I am a doctor, specializing in anestheology.
So I'm searching the Inrernet for a long time.
I take English coversation lessons online every night.
Soon after that, the problem eas solved.
My reading teacher tells us that in this final exam we will have a reading exam, a writing exam, a grammer exam and a listening exam.
But I have things to do such as the laundry, buying food, making some plans for an exam, studying English and even edting a movie!
Father and mother r. work as teather.
USA and Japan will go bunkrupt
like the russia economy 1990
I even don't knoe what I can do for you.
Actually,_ I like more kangaroo more than beaf.
I atached a picture taken through the window in my house.
Tihs is the first time I came here, and I hope I could find friends to
By this tool, we can have more opptunity to practise our language ability I think.
We can share each other's cultures and luanguages.
I was really suprise and happy for her!!
Japanease horror movie.
Sommer is horror season in Japan.
Japannese horror movies are very scary and interesting.
I so hated cleaning, espessially washing floors.
And I like to rid of uselss things.
I must will have to find mysels very embarrassing one day, than there will be no stuff to through away.
Sometimes my friens are joking that someday I'll turn to Monica Geller.))
Three years ago I visited Rio de Janeiro, Brazil together with my friend and kher mother.
They openned EVERYTHING: bags of souveniors, pouches of cosmetics...
The Brazilian officer openned her bag and found a pack of umeboshi and was asking her what it was.
The officer openned the package.
At first, I was saddened, because it gaves me a feeling that she doesn't think I am her friend because she always complains that she really wants to meet the other friends.
I registered on this site a few minites ago.
Recently I attempted playing the guiter for the first time in my whole life.
I go to guiter school and have a fun time with my teacher.
But I want to play for sameone sometine.
I want to enjoy writing my dialy and get to know many people around the world.
One of my goals is to improve my English ability so I can comunicate with foreingner.
If you underatand my goals, please help me improve my English.
Usually, many Japanese spend the GW by going for an overseas trip or goint to their parents 'home.
However, I had to go to the driving lisence senter, because my driving lisence was almost overdue.
Moreover, the diring lisence senter was so crowded.
They overcome their weaknesses throught religion.
'Cause I finished my eassay just now.
So I cancle my plan, and instead, played the guitar...
I decied to have a personal trainer at home.
Then I'll play tennis with my friends, study English, and apply myself to my reserch to graduate from my university.
Many Japanse English teacers use college entrance examinations as an excuse for them to stick to the traditional method.
Friends is so fuuny!!
I accidently started watching the North American sitcom ``Friends``.
I ate an eel and he ate curry and rice for lunce.
Hi THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY ON THE WEB, I'm a studiant of English. In Spain we have a bad sistem to learn idioms. (It's not like the anothers countries in the European Union), in those countries when you are 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 idioms, but in Spain you can't talk very well in English and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in French...
hahaha, I should learn as much English as I posible can.
I workover overtime today.
I enjyoed this trip.
I startde to study English yesterday.
I'm vey tired.
Also, it was exiciting for me to play with my niece!
I expect it will arrive tommorow.
So at 10 o 'clok p. m. tomorrow, I'll be going to my hometown and maybe, the morning after tomorrow, I'll have been there.
I thoght ``I need to learn English because I want to make a trip to somewhere
I would like to tell you about yersterday's lunch. This sounds more natural
First, they didn't separate the non-smorking area from smorking area.
In fact my teeth is not so great, since I didi n't know how to brusy my teeth when I was child.
It was fun for me and maybe theuy also enjoyed the story.
So I said if you really crean your teeth, you won't have a bad tooth like me.
There are many interesting places though, but it's really clowded everywhere and rather dirty, and it also makes me very stressed.
My co-cowokers all quit their jobs because of depressioinlow..
but it is also very stressfull work.
I am stading English now.
We didn't feel like sitting in a hot car so we went to there by bycicle.
It was a little funny because we rode down a srange road because my boyfriend thought it was too dangerous to go on streets where there are cars.
Someone else said, ``a theacher has authority because he can educate people on not only (academic) subjects but also ways of life.``
I undestand any situations, they have a different porpose for using the SNS.
I know I need to be confident and patient while larning another language.
Anyway tomorrow is Fraiday.
She is going to have the baby in Octorber.
But It's unbelivable that she is having a baby at such an early age.
I don't have a cavicity, but my teeth are poorly aligined.
I have been studying Eglish for many years but I am not yet good at writting English.
To improve my writting English, I joined Lang-8 today.
This summer, I had an opportunity to contact with an African-americanese, but I could not understand what he was saying.
I went to a ritzzy restaurant.
I always nibble food like pizza, hamburgers and spagetti.
A Jananese novel
I think that it is too difficult for forigner to read.
She said, ``Outside it's very cold; would you like to borrow your uncle's ssocks?``
Of course, it's a very common operation but when it's happening to me, it's much more dramatical.
Today is Augst third. When I finished studying at my cram
I was happy beacause it hasn't rained in Taiwan for two or three months.
do to attratct the man.
In Japanese culuture, people clean their house at the end of the year.
I want to improve my inglish.
However, in the midlle of (the) development, NEOREX noticed that the words ``Lifelog`` and ``Lifehach`` are becomming popular and more and more people are interested in recording their activities and making their lives better with ideas and tools.
Nomally, y $ 20 a week for each person was the regular price.
Everyone who registerd on this site would like to practice, and they need people to correct their writing skill.
Since I am not an English native speaker who is familiar with writting skill.
So I concluded that my learning process is best experienced from other peoples mistike, especially the best writer and a brillient helper.
Yestuerday, I went to an Onsen near my home.
I have nothig elseto do so I powered on my laptop and amchecking thelang-8 site now.
Different from our Chinese TV series, plots of American ones are more intriguing, which are containing more imformation.
So I choose this picture which was taken at Fushimi Inari Shrine which is famous for having thounds of Torii in Kyoto 2010. 12. 31.
So today we'll go there togerter.
I hope our convasation will be fine.
First of all, regardress of living in a grobal world, we still cannot stop wars and many countries have illegal weapons.
Although the human lifespan is longer than ever before, we still have to cambat diseases that are lethal to humans and animals.
Maybe some news from offical not true.
I was very perplexd but I managed to explain my innocence.
It happned at 4 o 'clock.
I ampleased when I can hearthem singin.
However, I was just lazy tempolaly.
Everything that I do is recorded and is going to acmulate in my body.
I studied English at scholl 6 years ago and now I'm trying to learn it again on my own.
He has been a fugitived for two and a half years and was hiding in my
Is this sentence grammartical?
I felt like a salesperson visitting the door.
I wish I could have these wisdom teeth pulled out, though romours say that it would hurt the nerves and made one stupid.
There are a lot of tourists frou various countries in Japan.
Besides, on Oct. 15th, our college will have its celebration of its 80th anniversary. I'm very lucky I can witniss this important event, and I'm also very honored to be a volunteer for the anniversary!
I think that it `s important to study hard and have hard time (?) a lot when we` re yong.
Besides, our team virtually doesn't have a player to replace my possition.
It was dilicious.
Last week I got a fwe orders.
I feel better now, and I can forgget (about) it because I wrote my complaint here.
What a beautiful and wounderful movie/ film it is.
On Friday, I went to my friend's biethday party at Shevron Renaissance. After that I went to ``The fiddelers``.
My frist English diary has not been corrected, I do not know why not.
Since I have bad stiff shoulders, I wellcom the campaign that we don 't
After three hours of shimmmering, however, it all came together. = It was okay.
We don't have oppotunities to express ourselves in English.
I cannot explain the reason, perhaps Sengawa has a loungy atmosphere.
So, I would like to make some junk entries here which are comletely meaningless and trash and from which I can't expect any positive comments or corrections.
Maybe because my summer holiday is coming, and there is only one exam which will be helding ten days is waiting for me.
It was so palacable that I did not notice when I became really full.
Eating slowly makes the feeling of hunger dissappear more quickly
I did not abide by the rule. Instead, I just pigged out and now I feel stuffed and somewhat drowzy.
Recently, I've been busy, so I coudn't write a diary in English.
So, I entryed tonight.
For the first 3 months, I had been very busy and had not been undersleeping.
It's because I want to improve my pronouceation.
But I don't know if my poronounciation is OK, or not.
When I went to a neighbor beef barbecue restaurant, which has many students because of how cheap it is, two of my friends and I ate raw meat. My friends, not I, had stomachaches.
I hope I can return your help in the furture.
Today, I read that Japanese law now says a Newclear operator has to keep the general public radiation exposure below 1mSv/ year.
I think it is reasonable because ICRP also said that the general public radiation exposure has to be keepen below 1mSv/ year.
In spite of that, Japanese govenment said that it is OK to expose radiation upto 20mSv/ year.
I think this is too high, especially for cildren since they are more sensitive to exposure than adults.
Can you tell me the differance between ``can`` and ``be able to``?
What is they differance in meaning?
I brough her to a hospital, so that's why I'm late the class ``.
My husband, mathe-in-low, son, doughter and me.
I'm a Japanese girl that's learning English at the Kansai Gaidai univercity.
The black car started to move again when the traffic light chaned to green
When we crossed the brigdge, there was a big intersection. The traffic light was (showing) blue.
If I had been cought, I would have been killed or beaten up by them.
Macaron is a French sweets.
My doughter is really looking forward to seeing the house of wax
Today's manu is tsuna sandwitch and milk tea.
I look foward in going to the cafe every Tuesday.
Two or three years ago, I tried to learn English because it was needed for my job to communicate with my collegue abroad.
Last evening, I got insomnia and couldn't fall sleep untill 3: 00 am.
All kinds of things came to my mind: work, study, life, famillay, friends and so on.
It's difficult for me to hear speaking at ordinarly speed.
I feel very unconfertable today.
From last week, about ten people from Los Angels have been staying at her chuch.
recentry, there was a chiristmas.
but I had a speciall day on 12/ 26.
when I went to her house, her Hong Kong friend Tifanny was there.
Then, I was very nurbus.
cause it was the first time I've talk wirh a native speaker of English.
the year 2010 is almost finnish.
the picture is of my breakfirst I ate.
The doctor told me that the cause of the symtoms was my warped pelvis and
At first I had planned to travell with my friends, but at the last minute I pulled out.
But anyway, there was still a pain in my soulder...
But I think that my writing is not good enough because I have no praktice.
My Budy, Koflach KC725 Racing Comp, because the inner was worn out, had gotten hard for me to ski with for a full day.
I woke upat 6 o 'clock this morning, then I got dressed and I had to hurry, because my friend and I were going to the beach, but he was late lateand I ended up (plus idiomatique) waiting for him for a few minutes.
You know tha Vietnam War broke out in the late 20th century.
I think that America wouldn't have fought against Iraq and Afghanistan this time, if Americans had learned something important from thier failures.
I saw it in a theator yeasterday.
I'm so crumsy that it still takes me at least 10 minutes to open a can.
I am a memder of soccer club.
But ther is some fun in my school life.
We will conduct reseach for about one year, and our goal is to create a similar proposal for Japanese open innovation.
We are now learning about open inovation in Europe, US and Asia as compared to/ with Japan.
The next day, I took my computer to another specialist, he identfy the cause quickly.
I suggest you to employ someone more skilled and with a better oarsonality in order not to cause your customers to lose their time like me.
I said it is nice we laern about other countries.
I like my country but I also like anoter countries.
One of my friend asked me before whether you like other countires because you don't like Japan because most Japanese that go overseas becasue they don't like Japan.
It cause of my countr's system, I feel.
And I know that I am courious about all things, and it donesn't matter whether it is in my country or some other.
I was happy becasue we talk about each other.
And I touched a humster.
I couldn't use all of lang-8's functions before by iPad, but apparently now I can use all of the functions byt iPad.
Woud you mind telling me how to get it at the discount price that your invitation letter said.
This evenning, when I loaded on the news web 163.
He was only 48 years old. He was very excellent that almost every Chinese man knew him through his news report programm.
There are more diseases from pollution of our envirenment, so we should protect our surroundings in every day life, so we can enjoy our beautiful lives.
This month I have written 48 jounals.
Can Japan national team wint the game?
The Announcemet said that some people might have a heart shock because around the top of some attractions, the temperature was too low.
I am going write about a person who is not only respected, but also sccesfful.
I hane learned english for more than seven years now.
My momther recomended that I buy a cheaper one, but I wanted to buy an umbrella with cute characters.
I'm looking forward very much to sees my firends and family:)
Though I can't help worring about places that have been affected by the earthquake, I'm going to go out more frequently.
I feel reflesh.
Though it is not very long, there are some words that we don't use today, and some sentences are difficult to make sence of.
Becouse, the big earthquake came to Japan in March..
Here, I am studying EE (electrial engineering) in graduate school. This sounds boring and difficult to others.
I gotta go, so I hope you correct my Eglish writing and that I can be your friend.
I found an interesting article in a magajine.
Does it Make Sence?
When I hear someone say ``Does it make sence?``, I have a feeling that the peron is either getting impatient or just being rude.
However, I am not a native speaker. My opionion is not for certain.
and in one of episodes, I heard the phrase, ``getting back on the hores``.
Can anyone explain what ``getting back on the hores`` means?
Are thery any differences between them?
Zousui is a japanease risotte which is good for hangovers.
My wife's zousui contains sliced japanease rudish which are supposed to be good for you when you are feeling sick.
Speaking of zousui, Japanease sometimes eat zousui or ``Otyazuke`` (rice immersed in Japanease tea) at the end of drinking.
However it is probably a strange custom for Western people. I had an experience being rejected with a chuckle by an American and a German when I proposed that they have zousui when they finished drinking in Izakaya (a Japanease restaurant and bar).
``Let It Be`` was released after* album but Abbey road was thier last album, because they recorded it later.
It is usefull to me because of the English subtitles and it's free to watch.
I am suprised by them.
It seems taht I will have to watch the whole episod each time.
Indeed, sushi tastes good if the shef is nice and tastes terrible if the shef is not nice.
But traditional Japanese cuisine is different from sushi, tempra etc.
There are a lot of restrant are in Kyoto.
But you can find good Japanese cuisine restrants in Tokyo and Nagoya, too.
Becouse, I enterd passward wrong three times.
In Japan Japan TABACCO INC which prodece and sell tobacco is very influential in many areas, for example the media, the Federation of Economic Organizations and politics.
The tax on cigarettes is extraordinaly low in Japan.
However many politicians opposed it and the policy was abandaned.
There is a persone who is against increasing the price of cigarretes in the medical field too.
He always makes comments in the media like ``what is the scientific proof that smoking is dangerous to our health?`` ``Can you proove the relativitaton between smoking and health?`` ``Of course I dont need to say anything about passive smoking``
It is abvious that smoking is bad for our health in Epidemiology, but he insists that there is no perfect explanation, so we mustnt impose a special tax and exclud smokers
I got a small gift from an English magagine company today.
Some Japanese are getting crazy about this, even they don't drink that much wine regulary.
Almost all the people there felt thered wine had a rasberry or cassis flavor.
The pregnant was sudden, she said ``I'm relly happy, I've never felt like this before.``
Many of my co-woker helped me learn the new system.
I went to the wax musium.
The musium was brilliant.
When they looked closely at the airplains, my elder daughter was frightened of the sounds of takeoffs and landings. My younger daughter also began to run a race against an airplain.
Oh my God, I'm crazy, frist I don't love him, second I think he can't finish with her, but he doesn't listen to me. I don't know what to do.
I am looking forword to the dance class on Friday
Afterwards I was biten by one of them and got hurted.
After that, I went to the hairdressor's.
Oh, my sidelocks went away:D
They weok for our subsidiary in America, but I had not met them before.
When they went back to Amerika, They told me 'Learn to speak English and come to America!!'
So, waht do you think about it?
Last Thirsday I got a homework assignment to write an article about a famous sports person using enphasising phrases.
and this is the first step to learing English!!
I have never stuied English seriously before, but I believe that my English will improve if I study hard.
The snow is beautifull, but it's so cold:(
But I am still looking forword to going to Taiwan.
unfortunatly it was very windy and cloudy.
Kim Yuna's performance was excelent!!
If I spoke more English, I could make many foreigers friends.
So we loughed.
Of course, money is very important for living in society, yet, we sould not forget that this is an illusion made by human beings, much like laws and countries.
My niece who is 5 years old came to my house and gave me a suvenior yesterday.
Tweney minutes later, I found that my stomach was making some sounds.
I couldnn't concentrate on the exam.
Tuna is reallygood, so I hope thatbreeding tuna will be achived in the near future for tuna loversall over the world.
He said to CNN that ``I can do anything, I can be snything``
I often watch several sprots games after I finish exercising and studying.
It's a live meeing by phone.
There were people who work in ther countries participating in the conference meeting.
Others are hunging wind-bells and banboo blinds as devices to create that ``cooler feeling`` for getting relief from the summer heat.
In Japan, we can watche it on Sundays, so I am in the habitof watching it.
Creating a vitual life that/ which correlates with your destination is the best way to get it.
When I get tired of studing, I can take the stiffness out of my face.
Today, I am joining the big familiy (lang-8)
I am a chinese girl. I want to make good freinds here.
I'm a bigginer learner of English.
I read an English newpaper about art in the morning.
I tried to memorize new grammer (grammar) for the next lesson.
Today I met a forein couple.
I heard that there are a few forein people who don't eat raw fish.
The weman was almost not eating raw fish.
Recently I have had a keen interest in taking photograh again.
I am sitting and enjoying the view from the wimdown of the hotel and I feel a bit regret because I am going to leave Nha Trang tomorow.
So please seach for me!!!!!!
Some people say it is due to the influence of electromagic waves.
I could 't eat it 1 year ago, but now I am familiar with the spicy currry.
On the way to there, I found the big rainbow acrossing a river.
And If I have Chinese freinds, I might come to like Chinese as an individuals at least.
I beilive her rival, Asada Mao will do better next time, ^ ^
althogh in today's game, she made some mistakes..
If you want to say ``of coffee``, then it would be qfwatan (``tan`` is fatha plus tanween).
When I was busy, I just wantted to have free time,
I have an appointment with my firends tomorrow
Good moring everyone.
I go see my hiephew, who had invited me.
The first time I was in England was 4 years ago. I liked the indie rock music of the UK, it made me want to stady English.
I heted English, but now I like English!
Rakugo is one of the Japanese traditional art of storytelleing.
Our oldest son went to Austraria this summer for a week.
Fortunatery (fortunately) Grace got her space in the car.
My husband set up the hummmock between the trees for the children.
First two years, it was very hard like I've never experieced.
I hope it will be good appotunity to get my motivation up.
In my prediction, Hideo Higashikokubaru has a slight advantage over the others because of his publicity and his achievements as the former governor of the Miyazaki prefecutre.
When it comes to the types of damege done to crops, in Australia ``fire`` was the greatest
After that, we went to a boldering gym.
Boldering is a sport in which you attempt to climb a wall about 5m high.
We practiced boldering for about 2 hours.
First of all, I have to thake ``jupiter827`` and ``Tokyo_ Girlie``, who answered a lot of questions for me. It was really helpful.
This morning, I suddnary wante to make a Spanish omlet.
I really missed her Spanish omlet, so I desided to make it myself.
Instad of potatoes, I put tometoes into the omlet.
I recomend you try it ehn you make an omlet.
I am turning into a lonly person.
When I was young, I fell in love with American-style junk food shuch as pizza and hamburgers.
At frist I thought that is like English languge but not really, It is for people who cannot hear so they converse through signing.
good nign from Thailand now.
I went to a chili festival in Frementle today.
I hear that the best way to studying English (especialy reading) is to start by reading very easy/ simple stories.
I'm sure this isn't my general level Enlish because it only measured my writting skills.
I invited two young ladies to come to my hometowun, Kamakura.
The first video clip was taken in Torres del Paine, a place near Chili.
This place is coincidently located in South America like the the place I introduced just prior to this.
Since I didn't answer with the number of the apparment, he asked me again (a bit louder now) where I was going.
She sent me an e-mail, informingme how she's been geeting along.
During this time-space travel he found his first love, Livia Beale starring Moon Bloodgood, who left him without saying goodbay 8 years ago and disappeared since then.
I dicided to go back to Japan.
I'm goint to turky!
I'm going to Turky with my custmers tomorrow.
I met with my frined's friend last night.
Vasicaly, this is the first time I have spoken with regular people.
I will keep on making an effort to write the English diary ong Lang-8.
They should control theirselves although there's the word 'youthful mistake'.
avoid: We should avoid direct conflict when we desagree.
delay: The flight from Tiwan to Japan was delayed because a Tiphoon was approching.
interfere: Some kids say that they (?) don't want their parents to interfere with them, but actually kids can't live withought their interference.
Answering my own question: inteview style
Nara is one of Japan's more traditional prefectures and is famouse for its deer.
I have just joined this site and I don't understamd how to do corrections, not comments.
I tried to correcte some people who want to learn Russian, but I could only leave comments.
And She reccomended me to do it.
But the classese will start the day after tomorrow!
I have been so deppressed and sad because he was leaving.
he didn't want to spend four days with me before he left just because he is tired of seeing me deppressed.
I'm going to Glastonbury Festival from Wendesday.
Or I want to go backpacking aroud Europe.
Autumn is just aroud the corner.
Everbody at the circuit immediately regarded him as being special.
Only optimyzing programs so that they use the CPU or multi-core CPU more efficiently makes me happy.
And my teatcher can't do anything because it is my friends 'last year of high school lol!
So I'm happy because the holydays are coming and I can get out evryday with my friends =D
I want to go to Ameirca, Britain, and Australia.
I would be grateful if you could correct all my mistaces.
I am studying at the gimnasium No. 32.
Minsa is very well known. This beautiful woman fabric can be found in gift shops throught Okinawa.
They are made in the shape of a legendary animal and are usually placed on gates and roofs to ward off evil spirits that may harm the poeple, their families and the village.
My friend said his relative who is fifteen years old is going astray resently.
those are very expencive in Singapore.
For example, a cigarette is triple the price of a Japanese one, also alchole is from double to triple price of Japan one.
Additionally, the goverment manages them strongly and if they go wrong once, it's very difficult to recover their carrer.
They can buy cigarettes and alchole, and also drug.
We wateched a comical movie and drank together.
Recentlly, on Sartuday and Sunday, I helped out at the preliminary games of a senior high school baseball tournament.
In paticular, I activate the electric scoreboad whenever the teams get a strike, ball, out, etc. I also keep the score. It's very fun because I love baseball so much!!!
I am taking TOEIC test, which is a famous English test, next weekend.
This hotel is managed by a nice weman, she is about fifty years old and she treats us as if we are her own daugters.
What I learned from today's lesson is that I have little vocabulary, so I dicided to do some difficult paper work.
There are four different plastic bottoles and a can of green tea.
If not, you shoud go there for a day trip from Budapest, otherwise you will be obliged to stay at pricey hotel.
I cought a cold.
As you can see, they were almost naked with the exception of a Fundoshi. It is a type of Japanese traditional men's underware; I don't have my own, unfortunately.
Sometimes, though, it is really difficlut for us to keep our motivation high to do it for a long time.
Altough, It was so chilly, I felt very good.
I thought that art and business are unrealative. (or unrealatide field, right?
She also is intersted in social welfare and social irregularites.
I don't agree, which one is right?) Altough, no doubt about that he is much more famous than she.
Becides that, we want to go to seoul tower.
I have never experienced eating outside, so I want to try a street restrant ^ ^
Nontheless, there are many buildings here that are several hundred years old
In software business, English is one of the most important languages because almost all majar software is created by the USA.
Technical documents are writen in English.
The time for enjoyning the blooming flowers this summer was so short; I felt sad.
It is Kansai-dealect.
Plese help me with my English.
I had a goot time with the little cute girls.
The TV program is going to be on until 0: 55 a. m, therefore I'll have set it to telerecording!
I was going back to Tokyo form Izu on Sunday but I couldn't because of tunami forecast caused by Chile's earthquake.
Railroad campany decided to stop all their trains until 5pm on Sunday.
Many news sites provide us with vioce files and scripts of the everyday news.
Nevertheless, some companies still take advantage of the Japanse with 'English complex' to advertise suspicious items.
When I see a sentence or a word, I can remeber the meaning of it.
The king said to one of his sarvants
if we bring one day from Janually? ``
Janually is an auspicious manth.
from Feburually? ``
All children have dreame.
But I think a lot of college students don't have dreame anymore.
I bougt some English movies.
I don't know what I sholud do.
I thought I had to spend time at McDonald's or a place that is open for twenty four hours like Karaoke box, but luckily I found a private room at a net cafe even though rooms at the net cafe don't have any locks and it's a little diffcult to sleep without thinking about security.
I had a banquet today in Japanese restrant.
Probably, the pictuer makes me who I am.
I believe my dream will come ture.
But now, I noticed that I'll be having my presentation tommorow.
When I was young, I read through this comis.
I am happy today, I can spend time checking e-mail and reading English books. I can write English too. Tomorrow I must arrang a document for the employees in my company
I have a job far from my house so I must feel tired every day when I get here. Before I go to the company I cook food to eat there. I can't cook a lot, just omlet.
I must read books befor I sleep today
After watching it, I bacame positive, and I think It is important to don't be afraid of anything.
Her director recommaned her to quit because he thought that her work was not important and that the other staff could do it instead of her.
I have a boyfriend who is younger than me. He is 6 years yanger than me. I was in love with him a lot in the beginning 3 months but now I am confused whether I love him or not?
We have been togehter for 7 months and we stay with each other all day.
Recentely, I have had a problem with my neck after I hurt it 2 weeks ago.
It is very usuful and makes it easy to write English diaries on the train.
I want to become a translater especially of the movies.
It will be so hard wrok because words that translater can use in a line is specified by the rule of translation.
I don't know how long I will spend time, but I want to become a translater
Well, I'm going to buy some ingreadient for our lunch after this post.
In this country, foreigners can't buy flats except condoiniums which are super expensive.
But there are many foreingers in Singapore, and accordeing to some websites, 45% of people in Singapore are foreingers.
In Japan foreingers still can rent rooms from real estate companies.
It's defenitely because many people want to live in Singapore for the rest of their lives.
I know that English is supose to be people from England.
Is this correcte?
Learning a lunguage takes/ requires patience, motivation, and opportuinities to use it.
The mouse 'name is Chu. I creatived him. He can fly because he is a supermouse.
He knows he is speciall.
They should have considered thier plan more carefully.
I had a vaccination against flu today so that I won't catch the flu when I take the entrance exams for univercity.
I actuallu like having an injection, but it hurt much more than previous ones I'd had:-(I have to have it again next month...)
Also, I want to know which Japanese grammer I should introducefirst when I teach survival level Japanese to my foreign friends
Today I went to a Ykitori restaurant with my family.
coated with a sweet soy-based soysauce called Teriyaki Sauce. Do you
I can gurantee there are no young Japanese people who don't know this song
I read a few peges, it is very interesting!
I'm looking foword to continue reading.
My recent waorries are that it is too hot in Japan, and my back is aching......
He looked embrarrassed because I didn't get angry before.
``The Academi consists of many departments:
The Academy also includes/ There is also the Institute of/ for Advocacy and Municipal Law, and the unititute of European Law.
Professional educators* who have Doctoral and Canditate Degrees give lectures and organize tutorials.* more formal
(The)/ Graduates work as officals in central and executive bodies of power.
Some graduets later/ eventually become judes, prosecutorrs, and lawyers.
I was amazed by how realistically the auther described the thoughts and actions of the main character.
What's Pirete English?
When I was trying to chenge the language from Japanese to English on Facebook, I found some other ``English`` es there.
What I saw on the screen was really unfamilier English for me.
In Japan, customers always come first, so we have to treat custmers like a god, so that kind of thing can't happen.
But I'm sure many people are atressed out and really want to relieve their stress, so I also think he is a hero!!
Other members didn't want to dress up as seafood but nobady stopped him.
Before I passed them my clothes, I throughly checked in my pockets, and I found about 60 dollars.
Children could carry out experimentations.
Yagyu pays for other reguler customers to eat food and drink alcohol.
Since then, he hasn't liked to drink and thinks that his vice is drinking alchol.
They like to cook with suger. Sometimes their dishes taste a little strange.
And I must mention the terrible traffic, Bangkok has the worst transport system I konw.
For cities other than Bangkok, the situation is much better. Other cities are queit and beautiful.
Time is useful and life is beautiful. Someone told me that and I beleaved it,
Although the weather was hot, I feld merry.
Because one of my French friends said that she will go back to Frence soon, so she asked me if I can take a leave and go to Taipei with her.
After I filed for a leave, she told me that she needed to go back to Frence earlier.
I felt Ireally happy and sad.
These days I am busy because I have a lof of work to do.
Her American jokes make feel happy and I think it is the defference between American jokes and Japanese jokes.
We visited almost every city in Holand, but by far the most beautifful was Amsterdam. Now we've gained more experience, I would like to travel again some more.
Today I helped a friend with work from 5 PM unitl 8 AM this morning.
in my corntry you can easily buy the ``fake`` thing.
I took a pictrue. they were my favourite cigarretes. (I don't smoke anymore.)
They were ``run out of,`` ``put off,`` ``put up wih,`` and ``put up,`` but since I didn't know their meanings, I couldn't make sentences.
Yesteday we had a hanami patry, it means a 'cherry blossom viewing party' in Japanese.
Most of the partisipants of the party were working everyday on weekdays, so (naturally) they wanted to sleep on weekends.
We shraed the only blanket and drank lots of whisky to endur the cold.
We often hear that foreign people living in Japan are suprised by the Japanese train system.
Today, I received a phone call from my family, bceause of the big erathquake New Zealand had.
I found Lang-8 to be interesting and very helpul to improve my English skills.
I was very exicted about the after party on a boat.
So today I called the Apple suport center.
I like to read books. If it's literature I can get into the story, if it's society books, they can sugest to me ways to benefit not only myself but also everyone else. But today, I just studied English.
My neme is Shogo, graduated from Hiroshima univercity.
I'm good at creating new plans and unipue ideas.
When I become a working member of the society, I want to make full use of my creativity and recieve others 'opinions to make things better.
weil es vielen Gegenden gibt, wo es selten regnet, und wo die Menschen immer an/ unter Wassermangel leiden.
The quality, the art, the charactors 'emotion.
I want my writing avility to improve so badly.
I expact/ hope that my English and Japanese will improve.
The Lucky bags, called Fukubukuro in Japanese, are very populer... URL
I'm an interior designer, but I'm working as a market resercher now.........
Unfortunately, one yeung couple that sat near us were very impolite since they were discussing the movie very loudly, this behavior is very irritating when you are trying to watch a movie.
She released her new alubam in Japan.
One of the remakable sub-plots is that at first, humans created robots for themselves, but at the last, it backfired on them and the robots nearly destroyed all humans lives.
My hobby is listning to music!
I want to study English to comunicate with lots of people who can speak English.
I intoroduce you to my dear pet.
My familiy has a cat.
We decided to keep it, because we throught it was sad and loved the cat.
We throught it was a ``she.``
But I ove love love him.
I wunder what is your opinion, dear reader...
time after time, unusual things and coincedenses occurred more in my life.
nearby the river, there is a resutanrant that served pizza straight out from the oven.
Self-introducation!!
I can help you with correcting your material written in Japansese in return.
This company continued aggresively overseas marketing, and as far as I know, today is opening day for this corporation in Japan.
I desided to study English again to accomplish that dream after I enterd university.
I thought I was not good at English, so I relearned it starting with the fundementals, such as pronunciation, grammar that I learned in junior high school, easy vocabulary and short phrases.
But I can't do that forever, I gotta make my new gole.
Einglish is very hard.
He will massage my muscles and stick needles in my neck, sholders and back.
The area where I am living is arrounding with many apartments and residents like me.
It's not the time for writting a journal otherwise I can't go back to my place and sleep peacefully.
I had a deep talk with my pshychology.
The reason why I don't rue the past is that I think no matter how much we try, we can't undo the past, at least with contemporary technologies, and there's no momoent when we didn't choose what we'd done.
Usually it is rainny, cloudy and cool.
Did you see the movie Karate kid that rencently premiered?
However, I am in Singapore now, it is clean and safe here, sorry poor Japanese workers, ``I AM IN SINGAPORE AND I AM WORKING NOW.`` You guys will have to wrok so hard and for a long time as slaves, no worse than them.
I felt shameful while watching the movie, this movie showed foreingers how disgusting the Japanese culture is.
That is why I worte this letter to you.
Though it is the big city in the north England, I hear that living expence are low and the people there are friendly.
Oh, it is not determined yet wheter I'll be employed or not!
now, I am studing English.
I can read English books which are writen with easy words.
As expected, after the anouncement by the health minister about swine flu, many people ran to buy masks.
I went to a study group, so I could study for the midtern I have next Monday.
We studyied for over six hours and afterwards, I was so tired.
That is becuase, in one hour I am going to see a foodball game and after the game, I am going to eat at a friend's house.
I decided to enter the Chinise speech contest this October.
I'm working at an English conversation school as a front desk personnel, but my English skills aren't good enough so I can't comunicate with the native English teachers.
I saw on the news that many contries are praying for Japan, and give us aid; money, foods and so on.
Sometimes genes have a great influence on children, but the quality of upgrowing at home and teaching at school would be more important.
It's a piity that I have not found this webside ealier.
My son has been in the hospital for 9 ddays with a serious diseas.
I want to speak this beautyfull language!
And our school has farming class, so some teachers have to work in the domitory,
but when my son enters erementaly school, I will have to to do night duties.
I wanted to talk to other Japanese morons about how big Australian cheeze bugers were with a stupid face.
But when an Australian Chinese staff member brought my meal to me, I was very disappointed with the Austrailan society.
I gazed/ stared at the cheeze buger meal for 5 seconds.
When I started talking about the weired news, I found him under my table on the floor.
I have been finding books writen in English for my studies.
Reasently, websites introduced a lot of books and digital books.
Resently, free digital books were introduced.
Digital books have many good points, for example the digital dictionary soltware that we can use in digital books.
This April, almost all my freinds are starting to work, so we won't be able to meet and drink easily; but I hope that we will meet and drink a lot together again ^ ^ They are precious freinds to me.
Today Threre is a fireworks festival in my city.
But, now I think this is good for me, I've kept studing harder than usual since that happened.
Merry chrismass
Dear** Assiciation Staff
I want to become a menber of the** Association, and I have attached an application below.
I'd appreciate it if you could registrate me by Jan. 5.
I have a lot of hoemwork, and have to make a presentation..
Yesterday my boyfirned and I went to a nice place.
Although it had been only thirty minites since the festival started, the lobster was sold out when I arrived..
happy they understund each orher before they had problems and
I'll be back on Monday, the other members will be back on Thesday.
I wish I could get paid-holiday for thesday, but I can't.
I'm looking foward to going next Sunday.
Everytime I go to bookstore, there are so many foreingner.
So I belive that I alreay know English grammar.
I'm learning a group of vocabulary to be acusstomed with it efficiencly.
Schocking LaLa mountaion trip
We got stuck in a traffic jam on the way to LaLa mountaion.
cockroack!!!
I couldn't belive it.
We killed `` five cockroack `` that day and retained the `` corpses to show to the manager.
Of course, this sence of security is one of the attractions of Japanese way of life but unfortunely we often behave the same in other contries as we behave in Japan.
but it's very diffiiculty.
I think my reading skills and vacabulary are good
so I've decided to write a diary in enlgish on this side every day.
A part-time job will start tomorrow and school todays will startthe dayafter tomorrow.
I am reminded of Steve Jobs, the CEO of Apple Inc., who gave a speach to his investors while wearing jeans.
Yet, Engglish as a second languge is so hard for me.
There is a very interesting phenominon in Hong Kong.
nippel& pacifier
I'm not netive speaker of English, and I don't like talking people who don't know well either.
Fortunely, I like to go on journeys alone, so I made the decision soon after.
To make maters worse, the cost of transportation fees is very high!!
Since then, his mother has slept in her son's bedroom for around one year, even though my patient's daughter recoverd long ago.
I'm studying Japanese, but suddenly I wanted to write an entry in Englsh.
but, after I came to University, there was no reason to study Engilsh.
So, Aftter work I did a relaxation exercise at home.
That coaches (or instructors) are two beatiful (ravishing, gorgeous) women.
For eample, I'll read a book, play on the computer, wash clothes etc.
Hallo, everyone!
The invention of the computer brings us a techological innnovation.
Obviously, our life has changed enormously by the use of comeputers.
I like reading comics and watching moveis in my free time.
If we had few vending machines, Japan would not have nuclear power plants and less accidents such as Hukushima would occur.
It is unbeleavable. We never wear coats in Sempember or October.
Even after my guraduation, I will still often go the cafe.
Because my grandfather and grandmather were Finns.
These stories contribute to the understanding of Japanese Arkeorogy.
Thankd!
One of the Japanese formula races, Formula FormulaNippon, takes place this weekend.
I stopped for 2 years and started playing piao again but with a different teacher:)
But I am scared of her during teaching sessions, because she gets angry easily and tells me to use my brain propely T_ T
I found this website in a magine.
And surprised to see so many people here speaking several langues.
Do I use this site stedily?
Being nervours easily is my drawback and defect.
I tried to read 'Heart of Gold' by Niel Young.
Cleary, I lied intentinary when you asked me wheather I will study in the USA.
I have Eglish class, Math class, piano class, and Chinese class.
Anyway I don't know wheather I can continue to post diaries.
I also try to read paperbag (?), do some walking for my excercise,
I have studed English a lot every day, but I can hardly speak it.
I can't easily/ comfortably make sentences for converstations
Because my school work is interesting (very fun), so I'm having good time, but I will have to graduate from school nexy March.
I don't have cofidence but I don't want to change.
I went to Canada to stady (the) English (lunguage).
I hope to speak Engilsh very well and to speak to peopel from all around the world.
I live in Vancouver, it's an intersting city.
It consists of 8 witing test which will take about 17 hours and 7 multiple choice tests which will take about 5 and half hours.
A 2-hour witing test on civil law, a 2-hour written test on civil procedure law, and a 2-hour written test on commercial law.
I have consective three days off, but I recently stopped jogging for a while 'cause it's too hot and muggy these days.
Today, I find this web when I look over the web of my friend. I find that it is real usefully for our to improve launavage leval. I'm very happy that I can express myself here.
But we cannot descide on the country.
Last Sunday, my Tiwanese friend...
(And it was the first time for her hasband to eat beef tongue!)
Yestarday, I ate and drank with my sister and my boyfriend at his house.
he cooked Cold Shabu, lasagna, and fried chiken.
It was verry delicious.
I can bring some spring rools and clues. (clues?)
He was teaching a half year seminor of gospel piano and he invited me to join. (It was not for free! haha)
The concert was very good and it became a pleasent memory for us.
There was an aftershock and the builging shook like pudding.
And the 'progressives' insist that the conservatives are using the death of the North politicain to strengthen/ improve/ further their political position.
Then, a jentleman from a foreign country escorted me.
I've always wanted to become an animator or illustrator, but right now I'm studying junralism.
First, the acters performed the process of dying with horrow.
Second, the special effects were added to the prelimiary video.
Illustrators put a worm's mouth on a hapless guy's head and then let more worms swarm on his bory...
But my friend said, ``I want to meet thier request. Culture is always changing, isn't it?
Of course, I like scienece but I really like English, too!
The hearting system in my house stopped working two weeks ago.
It has pictures of sandwitch uploaded on it.
There are many unique sandwitches which were designed using ham and cheese to look like something.
My boyfried washed the dishes after dinner; that's nice.
One of my collegue will be transfering from Fukuoka to Tokyo.
After transfering, he will work at the headquater of Japan's Air Self Defence Force.
The students in the class congratulte him on this great news.
I seem to always get into this stuation.
While listening to music, we can eat american foods such as hamberger, spaghetti, steaks and so on.
My dream is to go to carifolnia in the U. S someday.
Nintendo shipped 400000 game consoles, and almost all of the distributers were sold out within two days.
I thought they are famus thai foods.
... crowded with old people, young people, men and wemen in spring or summer.
Basically, the problem is that it's difficult to answer with accurate grammer.
Well, I will do my best! I'm not sure hou well I can do.
Maebe people live within the foreign country for a long time.
Mariners starting picher is Doug Fister.
I like his piching style.
I enjoy these programms a lot.
I was bit afraid to watch without writen help.
There is comedy and rommance in this show.
This sunday my French reiend and I will play badminton.
I redistered at this website today because I wanna brush up on my English skills.
Well, I'll write my next dialy soon.:)
I went to a chainese restrant with a friend who is chainese.
I mean, he gets his money from pearents.
It will be releaced as a film in 2010.
50 years ago ther was another enormous earthquake in Chile.
I saw through their sad or pathetic eyes so I desided to ask why
Recentry, ihave not beensleeping well, so I took these drugs.
Sometimes we use foam balls or styrofoam, and when there isn't enogh money, simply wrinkled newspaper sheets.
On top of that, local governments relatively far from Fukushim prefecture recently bowed to public pressure and finally started more detailed investigations on radiation levels.
Many typhoons come to Japan every year, especially in Kyusyu where I had lived until after high school.
When I was child, I felt happy when typoon would hit Japan because school were closed, so I didn't need to go to the school.
I went to bed hoping that tommorrow's typoon be very storon and it would bring much rains in this area
Of coars, he was dead.
I remenber him whenever any typhoon hit's Japan.
Weather forecast is currently saying that typhoon would hit Japan tommorrow.
Today I'll explane why I'm studing English.
While I was at work, the sound of an explosion surprized me.
Thank you for readeing.
I plan to travel to Thailland next February.
And next, I will try to find very, very cheap fligt.
I'm looking forward to visiting Thaillan.
Recently, many water acciedents have appeared around me.
The flow of the water was stopped because of the wastage of the fileter.
One of my dreams has came true, and of course I will continue to persue my other dream!!!
I bought 4 packs of Sushi and some dilicios beers.
My neighborhood has a gohst.
That is to say, it's a scar of golry!
if you can't get a satisfactory score, it means you can't go to the topest
I can write my mood or interesting things in freign language everyday.
Yesterday, I went shopping to buy a present for my collegue.
Please give me your addvice.
I was very supprised to hear that.
The weather (news/ report) said ``there wii be snow``.
The only things that I need to do are to take the ingrediants from
I am Biqi, and I want to study bouth English and arabic.
However, I am rather inept at bouth.
I sudied English in college <a very little bie>
But now I realized GPS systems are very useful and even the cheepest one is very relieable.
Very delicious sushi are very expencive.
As a matter of fact, I could hardly liseten to what they were saying, because they spoke so fast.
Actually my pronounciation and intonation (?) were quite weird.
Everyone in our class was laghing out loud.
I called the ETS lost and foung office and left a message according to the directions.
So far, I didn't get a call from them, but hoperfuly they will informe me soon.
At 5pm, we met at the classroom, and walke to the pub.
Some of them including a Swiss guy who organized the party for us, a Chinise girl and a South Korean girwould were leaving Edmonton soon so we took many pictures.
I revewed her plan, which was for a server hosting company's website renewal plan then I made a report.
It's a really nice place but there's someting a little bit troubling..
``It is a good daily practice for me, so I can study Englsih hard at the moment.
Even the pleasure boats on the Tosabori River were coverd with jolly lights.
I happened to see the lighting ceremony, and a governer of Osaka.
my student got driver's lisence.
The K-BOX has a free car service, so we took the car when we went there and returned bakck to school.
I think that life can be very hard and sometimes very sumple.
All of them use English or Chinese or half and half, I am not sure, so I want to hear to your suggetions.
Second, I have sent all the agents '(have the VIP status) full names to you, plese check them.
After that, could you get back to me ASAPA?
I also want to drink bowls of gruel and eat steamed buns, which are not easily foung at night.
To become a skilfull computer user.
I've heard that Japanese tend to follow the mojority and reject anything different.
They always accusue me of being too stubborn and tell me off that why don't I accept other ideas.
Inspite of his class, a Japanese professor (actually he was a vice-president) came in and started summerizing his story, even though he had 10 minutes left for finishing his lectture.
I saw the professor was upset about that, so I raised my hand and said to him, ``The professor seems to want finish his lectture first, so could you talk later?`` and I stopped.
Afterward, some of my friends came over to me and started critcizing me for it.
They asked me why I did that thing to a vice-president, that was too inpolite and so on.
However, I also think it might be not about Japanese culture, just anout me.
I usualy try to take a nap, study English.
I lack exersise now.
Now I am dying to learn English, since I will go abord to study next year.
Today is 16th of April, but it's very cold, so I'm wearing a winter jaket.
A Nurse of Indnesia. If I could polish me....
I don't like examnation even though I know we sometimes need them.
I think everybody is born with thier own abilities and posibility.
They really wanted to get a nurse lisence and wanted to learn good Japanese.
But we have a lot of work to helping our patiens.
I know that they were sometimes comfusued when they couldn't understand quickly what we were saying in Japanese.
Essentially, when we intrduce people from another country, we must help them to feel comfortable living here.
They say it is too difficult doing both work and studying a second launguage.
So, I brashed my teeth quickly and got ready.
I went to a Krean restaurant today.
I love Krean food.
He also taught some tougue twisters.
I don't know foreign songs well, but I like ``Red Hot Chili pepers``.
I'm looking forword it:)
So I do my best to study English, and I made it a rule to keep a dialy in English.
This term, I shall keep a dialy.
But unfortunately, I don't know any classes for begginer.
The Japanese government sent her some gifts to show our gratitude because she donated a lot for Japanese people after the big earth quake happend.
I read a lot of aricles about Michael.
Another of Guiland's popular destinations is Fantas, which has a musuem that shows what life might be like in the next 100 years and also has many shopping centers to enjoy.
My native language is Chinere. I hope I can help someone here.
I have a chemistry experiment at my univercity on Thursday and Friday.
Unfortunately I haven't had any weekends to slow down a little, sit down and relaxe.
A long bath and more than anly 5 hours of sleep are the things I need the most.
I think I did it badly when I chatted with you the day before yesterday. Maybe it was first time that I had communicated with a foreigner. When I wanted to say something I searched the related words in my mind, and I couldn't expressed my ideas properly.. My voice and intonation may be abnormal, I didn't know whether my speach was sounded a little impolite or something bad, if I had, I ask your forgiveness, I didn't do it intentionally.
We helped him in meak the dumplings, but when (all the) people arrived, we noticed that we did not make eoungh for everybody.
I will go to my friend's house instead, and maybe we will drink a beer or some other kind of alchool.
I wathced the movie ``TRON`` last Sunday.
I'm going to have a Cristmas dinner this year with my host mother, who I have stayed with before.
Last weekend I was going to get her family Cristmas cards for Cristmas but I couldn't find ones that I liked.
Last month I asked my firend, who is coming to Canada on December 1st,
I got a sunburnt the day before yeasterday, and later bought aloe vera to treat it.
Christams is a big deal for me.
This summar vacation I have always woken up around lunchtime
I am intrested to learn English =) I am also intrested in Japan: I want to learn a bit of their language (I'm registered here for this) and its culture...
Then, we went to a Tailand restaurant.
Although it was horror and I wanted to sleep, but I still finished all of the movie. When I went to bed, my mind was full of images of blood and guts! I should not watch horror movies at nigt........
But in the moring it is very comfortable!
It's my frist daialy.
I must say: Chinese food is so good, expecially in Taiwan.
But my wife belonged to the brass basnd in her school days,
Althought Science and Politics have been developed suprisingly and Our lives have been changedto be mademore conviniently, we are not satisfied with now.
It will be a really short saty.
I suggest drinking coffee without suger.
I like watching moive with my friends.
Wakayama is an old town with a beautiful casstle built during the feudal age.
To sum it up, VCS is a really a usefull tool to backup the computer's files automatically and smartly.
I do not kown the answers at all. In fact, I really want to impruve my English. the title was ``ON Long distance education.`` oh, really diffcute, right?
The day before, it lasted untill two in the morning, so yesterday my husband wrote a letter and put it on his door.
I thught that I could write in Japanese here and then it would be translated from Japanese into English.
I went to chainese restrant with my chainese friend.
After that, I teach japanese languege for him.
I'm a shy and unsocialble person.
After I finsh my English lessons,
I think English is a language used to express somthing and Japanese is
Today, I attended a conferance.
For two days now, my wife and I have been walking to the park early in the morining
The right one in the photo is Maccha Azuki (green tea and red bean), the other is rainbouw:D
Today, I had seminarys during afternoon, and evening, I'll return to college for more and more seminarys.
I think, writing here is more confortably for me, because I can think in English much faster (Yatta!).
Watashi wa supein ni umaremashitaga kodomo no toki, irelando to furansu nimo sumimashita, sonotame, eigo to furansugo mo sukoshi hanasu koto ga dekimasu.
Watashi no otosan no okage de, nihon no bunka ni kyoumi wo motimasita.
Boku no nihongo no reberu ni stuite, takusan no kuni ni sumimashita node, betsuno gengo wo benkyoushinakereba narimasen desita, demo daigaku ni benkyousuru koto wo hajimemetatoki, hitori de nihongo o benkyoshite imasu. watashi no otosan to watashi no nihonjin no tomodachi nihongo wo renshuu shimasu, rainen waseda no daigaku ni ikimasu dakara ryuugakusei desu.
I went to a bank to get a financial stamp to apply for a teaching lisence.
That was ture.
Have you ever had any big dissease or injury?
I really enjoed it!
I'd like to go by car, but my car has been broken sinse 2 days ago.
I hope it will be repaird as soon as possible!!
I want to speake English fluently like an American.
I dicide to go to America as an aupair this Summer.
I'm gioing to visit one preschool this Thursday.
But I'm a beginner at English, and I have Inever been to England before.
But in this class we did a wide range of activities using english. For exaqmples sang songs, role played in front of the class, didyoga while following English directions and so on.
Also, it would be great to studdy another language, maybe italian or a slavic language (Polish, Serbian, Slovenian etc.) These cultures are intresting for me, and the words (are) not so hard to learn, I think.
Distance is not probrem for me, because it only takes 45 minutes by train.
But the train ticket is expencive for me...
It was quite expencive, but the atmoshere was nice.
This is the reason why I have not been sleeping well recentry.
I am a colleg student.
Nomally in Tokyo, this occurs at the beginng of April.
Japan has a long and glorious histroy, good public safty and a strong army, Tokyo is one of the biggest city in the world, Japanese science technicians are the best ``.
The Japanese gevernment and companies really know this fact.
Having such a life for one and half years, my English skills decends.
Because, there aren't famous Japanese celeblities in America..
Maybe Americans are not interrested in Japanese celeblities.
I don't know why Japanese celeblities aren't popular in America.
A funny guy from Russia said that he realized Japanese women walk with short steps, and he tought that it was because Japanese women used to wear Kimono.
A girl from Sweden tought that it was because Japanese women usually wear high heels, and so they cannot take very big steps.
My favorite mounths are October, June, July and december.
Everyday when I wake up, the first thing I do is to power on my laptop and log into QQ (It is a software like MSN, in China it is the most popular instant messenge).
Have you heard or thought about the size of the vocabulary of the average naitive American or British?
I think the most important thing in learning a new language is to memorize a lot of words and idioms untill you are able to read a newspaper without a dictionary.
I'm going to pick up noe of my friends at Nriata airport.
I put emphasis on human resorces development.
They seemed such kind and comportable people.
I didn't neccesarily take the exam light.
Unfortunately I was too hungry, dizzy, sleepy and sored in every part of my body
The oscillation continued for more than 3 miniutes.
Of course, it will be more expencive but it can take more time. 0
It's not confortable to live due to the bad plan of the house, even if we have some house renovation.
Gaga is at least being ture to herself than those who mock her and those who try to be as bewitching as her.
I couldn't contact her but I guessed I could meet her if I went to her restraunt.
Yesterday, I took part in an actibity in my circle, university COOP.
Then, Shinobu Moromizato, who was the second money list player in Japan, appered behind us.
Though she is the same age as my yonger daunghter, she is very coutesy.
However I didn't buy anything because I didn't have any maney on me.
So I replied to her on what I had beeb doing before and asked her what she had been doing too.
Straight after we made an apointment to have lunch together.
We spent the time just talkig, using a lot of technical terms and eating a lot.
Forgetting their daily lives, two mothers enjoyed thier past golden days.
We had grilled chiken there.
Especially the chocolate cake they served as a dessert was excellnt!
I think, I will sleep all this weeken like death.
I normally get excited to see this unusual weather in Tokyo, but this timeI I hope that it will stop soon.
They tasted good, were healthy, nutritions and warmed our bodies.
There are sentences, which use both ``that`` anad ``which``.
I am wearing a short t-surt, which has blue and gray stripes.
It was ver fun.
Secondly, without mobile phones we can spend more time with our amily.
Thanks to the mobile, we can easily keep in touch with other people, make apointments and speak with long distance friends.
The mobile phone is not only for talking and sending messages, but alsof for enjoying music, taking fhotos and gathering information.
I was watching the final with nondescribable excitement.
It's rainy today in Kyusyu in Japan.
Acutually, this is my first time coming to the US.
But a littel far away from the port, there are a lot of hills.
If the flower's leaves are a beautiful green colour and the corola is bright and pleasant colored it tells (OR: shows) us that the flower is alive.
I think that talking with sby is a good way to get to know (and understand) each other.
I want to be a high school teather.
Because I want to teach sience to students.
When I was a high school stuent, I didn't like sience.
I went to Barcellona by ship two years ago and I have no words to explain to you or, at least, to try to explain what I felt on that ship.
My psition is forward.
my english is so pure that I wnat (want) to (make) some friends whose mother tonge is english.
Because Janan has isolation policy from seventeenth to nineteenth (centuries),
Janan was not influenced by foreign countries/ foreigners.
Lastely, he mentioned Japanese AVs (adult videos), which are considered to be pornography.
When I dehulled the peas, I dropped one pea.
Japanese tasete seems too light for him.
At last we went suffing.
Now I'm here writting my first posting, saying hi to all in this community.
Also, I'm intrested in music.
I hope that I can do a perfomance on stage of their songs after finishing military service.
Sharing thoughts, opinions and my photos with my close friends is really fun and intresting.
So does it mean that I shouldn't go to Austlalia this year?:p
My husbant's mother grew sweet potatoes last autumn.
If there is anything I regret about choosing to be a law student, it is that I underestimated the proportions of civil and bussiness law in the field.
it is so hard to spend enogh time to do what I have to.
Each of Japanese cake had a lovery, colorful shape, but 800 yen was rxpensive.
I said, ``Will you plase sell me just one of these?``
The saleslady said, ``of couse.``
Because I'm a Japanese, she might have been nurvous.
Therefore, I guess our company recognized her skill and actual achivement and offered an extention.
I have to get lime sulfur!
You can get some information about the earthquke in Japan from the URL below.
I think that his is earier than mine!!!
The topic of this saminar is export documentation.
Watching movies without subtitles is my way of studing English.
American, British, Eest courst, West courst, etc.
I believe that their writing abilty is probably equal to their speaking one.
But his English pronuncation was terrible. (I'm sorry.)
Recentry I realized that writting is more difficult than speaking.
I've escaped written English tranning.
Perhaps you have problems when you are writtin in Spanish because you don't know about the accent rules!
It is a superior souvenior for me.
And, I will give you a souvenior.
I think I've remembered abou 200 words in these 2 weeks.
Fruits, vegetables, milk, chiken, and the ingredients for pasta like anchovies, dried tomatoes, dried mushrooms.
I tansefer the fee to a convinience-store today, so the daywhich I can get it will probably be Thursday.
But I tried to write somthing even though it is short or borring.
The sentences, phrases and words are filled with his affection for children and nature, and his expression is so beautiful that I was filled with romantic feelings and was able to imagine each secen clearly.
I have read ``Grimm's Fairy Tales``, and Andersen's, but I feel that Ogawa's works are diffrent from them, although they belong to the same category
I am an exchang student, so I need host family to live with them, and also there are some exchange students in my high school, they also live with their host family.
So this time they do want to change thier host family.
I hope they will have new fost family soon. They should be more energetic, otherwise they might have to change to another family again.
But today at dinner, she praised the cake, whtch I made, she asked me if I had made it?
Novac Dokovic became No 1 yesterday by advancing the finals in Winbledon.
It was said that he is the etenal No3 tennis player.
Bagk problem
I have no confidense in speaking and writing in English.
and you know what? Japanese sutudents who are in junior high school and high school have english classes 3 or 4 times a week.
and fortunaly at that time, I was really intersted in English because I wanted to be American or someone who speaks English very well, such as native speaker.
I was planning to go to high school in America after I guraduated junior high school.
It'll be so woderful!!!!
My dishes are surely like paella in the sence that the recipe-book said so.
Am I making sence?
Some of them looked at the business hours but didn't cathc the small words on the top about the holiday information.
He looked at me at onece and suddenly he scolded me about my hair color!
He couldn't overlook that I seemed like I changed my identity and lost my pride in beeing Japanese.
So the neext day, I had my hair cut really short, and dyed my hair black.
Beyond that, I only could tell him ``Thank you for everyghing, everyghing you gave to me.`` And I left his house with saying ``See you later``.
So I decided to try to take more oppotunities to tell my friedns, my jouniors and you who is reading my diary what I learned until now.
I represent my honorable grandpa.
One of my classmates from college already got married last year. I'm a little surprised becase it's only been two years since graduation and I think that their finacial status may not be good enough for raising a family.
Since I need to use my English for my job and my boss scolds me about my poor English oftenly.
Furthermore, I always introduce our culuter if you are interested in Korean cultuers.
I hope we can becaom good friends.
Should I get married and have a family, bring up a baby, and find happinese in my daily life as my friends who look so happy do?
I got an early retirement when I was at the age of 56 after 33 years of being an electlic engneer.
Since then I have beem studying English at ISS school, an English school in Japan.
After about five years passed, I have noticed I have various difficulties: vocabulary, grammer, and so on.
My friend told me, ``Noy, try to speak English.`` I could not hear my friend very well because the restaurent was very loud and I am not good English so I just said a bit..
Our 95-year-old mother had been spending a day at a local day service senter.
That is, I always get sleeply after I hear the alarm go off, then I fall back asleep again.
We went to a good restaurantm, and had a good dinner.
We have not seen each ohter for a long time.
It's ok!! I guess ^_ ^
I'm not supposed to have had anything to eat or drink, including warter, but I already forgot and drank some milk tea.
I sut down there and thought about my future.
If someone asked me do you like englishi.
I'm probably making some mistaks since I am ignorant about this site.
The final resulf of the Formula Nippon Round-1
The final result was not bad considering it was his first Formula Nippon race, but most of his funs expected him to win because of his experience with Formula1.
I entered a site and chatted with an English teacher through a (mirophone)
Today I was late for work again. I was late by 1 minture.:D
KOICHI (koichiben) and Emily (applemilk1988) are youtube video bloger.
They really don't care about eenvironment.
Is this sentecne correct: I didn't see my parents, because in the town fire had broken out and people must have been evacuated to save their lives.
My father and I plan to tend to my garden every Saterday morning.
Tought I reached my office late about 20 minutes.
I am Nana, I'm from Japan but I have been living in Engldand since August, and I will be here for another ten months.
He took me to this studium for the first time when I was 6 years old.
Of cource, (space) I can do it.
We should try to get some benefitable information even if wecould n't catch some sentences..
Only the elite can enter this comapany.
Fukushima newclear plant has already belched a certain amount of radiation there.
My sister who tied the knot with a man who lives in Yamagata last year and enjoy their hanymoon traveling to Italy, she got pregnant at the beginning of this year.
I have to pick them up at the pire soon.
I thinnk today will be a wonderul time for us.
It's quiet and comportable.
Already uncomfortable with muggy weeather, their loud sounds makes me feel much more uncomfortable!
In autumn, the sounds of insects such as crikets, singing crikets or Japanese bell crikets, green tree crikets, and so on are very nice.
I want to know about your idea about sounds of insects from meny people from many countries.
This is the first enrty in my diary.
Beside that his speeking speed was so fast for me:(
Of couse my Engilish skills were part of the reason.
So what can I say when sombody's voice is noisy like in the voice-chat room?
He saied this place is a good way to learn English.
But nobodey asked me why I was late since they knew about today's traffic jam.
Most foreigners think that it tast good too.
Coffee beans are more effecter than Coffee Mix when on a diet.
I'm so sleeply.
I'm sure that I have a lot of misstakes.
or optimistic imformation, we wouldn't take action propely during a crisis.
I can only speak eazy English.
All children, especially boys, have the experience of searching for a ``big treature`` with their friends
They were deeply grieved over thier fimilies 'situation.
Goonies (name of their group) went in search for the treature to help their parents.
I think if I practice this, my grades wil increase.
Now with my friends I live in a very nice house with a balkon and four rooms.
We only finished moving yesterday, because on Saturday soon after we arived we started an opening party.
A famous middle-aged American actor, who went to Japan for a business trip, met in a hotel with a young pretty American girl, who came to Japan with her husband, who was a busy phographer.
Please read my dialy post and correct my grammer.
I read the newspaper befor breakfast.
It's wandarful.
I'm looking forward to watch next 3D movie, Alice in wondarland.
I have a major in Architecture, but now I develop PC software to do business for emproyees only.
I can't speak and write Engrish well.
Recently, I've realized there are many similer words in English.
Please let me konw the deferances.
I like princess caracters, so I enjoyed it so much.
Drivers lisence in NY
A drivers lisence is mandatory in the US.
Even though it is convenient enough, most poeple tend to apply for a drivers lisence.
That's because the lisence is also used as identification.
I take English leeson once every week.
Factory owner, who professionaly breeds pugs, said me that it is a characteristic of black pugs.
I can remenber running around the surpermarket
We also listened to some litlle stories from my dad's CD (a CD that came with a book from his English class), then we listened to it on the car cd-player and translated to portuguese to see who got what the story correct!!
I have trouble writnig an English self-introduction.
I was very shocked by the news about the disaster in Japan, and I couldn't belieave the things that happend to my country.
As a person who is taking care of chinldren, I am realy worried about mothers who are protecting their children without heating and water for drinking in stricken area.
Yesterday, Mocty who is my senior student of my laboratory introduceed this SNS to me.
This week I chose to learn French as my sendary foreign language next semester.
and I thout about ``I want to go to abroad!!``
I must be more carefull or I may set a fire.
Toyota had grown continuously besed on strong consumer trust.
But now due to this defect, the company has been losting the public's trust.
Losing the public's troust may collapse even a stable company such as Toyota.
This restaurant has been serving very good mutton because they've been raising the sheep theirselves.
When I woke up this morning, my wife had a blak eye.
The firtst diary
I'm at a loss on what to write in my daiary in ENGLISH.
Colledge students produced this show and placed a lot of artistic lights here and there around town.
For example, I went to Victria Peak, Tsim Sha Tsui, Jordan, and so on.
I have nothing to write down anymore because I'm exhousted and I'm starving now!
abou me
I need to ues English and Japanese to watch tv, read comics and go on a world tour.
Tonight I went to a susi bar with my family.
Many susi bars let you order using a touch panel.
However, I realized that if I had told the truth to her, she would be hurt very much because she liked those clothes and the color.
In thespeed skating women's team pursuit, japanese team got asilver medal, losing to Germany.
She said thet the Chinese are not diligent as diligent as before.
I want to use the phrase ``over my daed body``.
They have had thier own schedules already.
This is a photo of a man walking on a tightrope over the void against the background of Rio de Janairo in the sunset.
I am really happy here. My new home is very beatiful.
I am hitun!
Fuji is center overe there.
I like intelligent and thoughtfull people.
But they can't help orher children, for example, they cannothelp diarrhea children.
I'll go to the studiam next month to watch the national team.
Several days ago, there were over one hundered school clubs looking for new members.
sinse the sentense structure is quite different.
finaly, I get out of bed at 7: 00am.
Come on, let's exprience this amazing world:D
Once a week I take a tango lesseon.
When I close my eyes and just move my body to the tango rythem,
First of all, I want to chane myself.
He has a fatal deasease a student in his last class wrote this book.
If the raiin had started sooner, I wouldn't have been able to have my lesson.
Someone read my dairies and told me that: what your said is too chinalish.
You can translate the titile as ``My House`` in English.
If you want to know what a Japanes family is like, maybe this manga will tell you about that.
This is because I decided by myself to announce without asking them whether my annoucement was convincing or not.
Another altar in Berlin, is very simular to this one,, so much so that a long discussion has taken place on which alter is actually the original.
On the first panel you can see a describtion of the birth and the naming of John the Baptist.
The last panal is about beheading John the Baptist.
Also, I talked with my chiness friend on skype.
When I arrinved to my house, It was time for dinner.
Starting this Novenber, I'm going to go to Canada to improve my English and learn a way of teaching English called TESOL.
You can see bazil, thyme, lettuce and tomate in the picture.
Many univarsal students are free, however people in my circle, univ-coop (university coop), will be very busy.
Why does this sentence above use 'has basketball', not 'baskball has'?
I've heard that when women go through menopause, they're more nervouse and fickle than they would be normally.
I love MOS (not Macdonalds). I like most fastfood restaurants including Mcdonalds but I think MOS is the best.
Although I am very exciiting and I'm really looking forward to gouing, I am worried about one thing: the temperature.
Actualluy this is the biggest preblem for me.
I prefer a hot crimate to a cold one.
yoru ha hataraku shita.
Car wash to Jollibee to Greenwich de hataraku shimashita.
After the game, Okada who is the coach of Japan asked the chariman of the Japan football asotiantion if he will continue as the coach.
I love this kind of moives.
I want to write dialy.
But I want to write dialy in English.
Yesterday, my hunband went fishing and brought many fish for me.
The summer vacation is drawing nere.
I like to watch movies, so each year I am looking foward to see who gets the award.
Why did ``Avator`` lose many Oscars despite the having the best performance of the year?
I thougt the competition was only for dogs, but everyone was there.
There was also a mummy (the dog) and a witch (the owner), and a hotdog (the dog) and mastard (the owner).
However, when I looked at the units carefully, I found the unit was KJ, not calory.
It is hard for me to walk araound TDL& TDS all day!!
Telling The program is about other TV programs I like, USA or UK drams, for exsample.
About 10 seconds later, the raindrops suddenlly became large and heavy.
My English is at basic or pre-intermiddiate level.
And I made it a habbit to memorize what native speakers corrected.
What do you recomend me to do?
One of my female freind suddenly said,
The way to pratice
I found this website on a discuss borad and it seems interesting.
I've been learing English for many years, but still have problems on expressing my feelings.
It's very convienient to go to other countries in Europe from the UK.
It seems that it (was) the 5th biggest (earthquate) (since) 1900.
Munster city decided to ban cars in the city and use bycycles.
Suddnly my friend said: Toshiya, you can't go back home because the train left a few minutes ago.
I'd like to explain Himeji catsle.
In my opinion, we don't need to be strong and parfect to
I love readnig, so I love a book shop.
When it's someone's birthday, we always make the presents by outself.
there was an earthquate.
By the time I thought about it, the earthquate was finished.
Today when I was on break searching the internet, I found that there are really a lot of peple who speak highly of this film.
I'll be a sutudents, so I'll have many student's discounts.
Thogh all of my friends laughed when I showed them the picutures.
Now I'm watching Macros Flontier while working.
you can googole it with ``* (asterisk)``.
And to earch for an exact phrase, enclose the phrase in double quotation marks.
Japan has diversitied climates, so there are unique local spcialties in each place.
At the shop in Niigata Prefecture, the emplyees carry plenty of snow next to the shop every winter.
Did Sant Claus come to you? (Claus is right.)
School just started one week ago, so I decided to insist on writting here every weekend.
LMAO, two Americans in the audience in that coffee shop were surprised when they saw Sunnie and I going in the one bathroom at the same time, and they were also surprised that we were holding hands all the time. They thought we were lesbin.
If I correctd someone's entries, I can get 'stars' on Lang-8.
I want help from everyone whose Eenglish is good!
I am Nao, a japanse person who is studying in India.
How dou you think Sony products are?
But after a while, some of thembecome tired of raising the animal, and inthe worst case, they abondon them.
I'm trying get in shape lately becasue I have put on weight.
It might be succes if I keep deiting for a while.
He also liked soju (a Korean popular alcohlic drink).
his cousin, owned a small yard, but there was only graveled there.
But the goverment won't do that because they get a lot of tax income from them..
``Calrify`` is a very useful and common word in daily life.
I've desided to dilute my passion for everything British, with American literature.
I don't know American literature very well, so I would apreciate it if you could recommend some of your favorite American novels to me.
From his movie, his harmony sounds quite excentric, he used
Aside from these, his appaerance and behavior is also strange.
Every three days I chang the water.
Today all my classes were cancled so I had much more time.
This book is about a traveling essay abouy Latin America.
It is so fascinating and it's an attracitive place.
In my case, since I'm an elementary school teacher, the government adopts new teachers, we basically train by ourselves, principals deside which grade we would be in charge of, and we have to cope with all of the problems and complaints.
My hobbie is playing the piano.
Recentury, I made an original song and played it.
Especially, I love gyo.* I especially love gyoza.
How do you say gyo/ gyouza in English?
Many my freiends are going back their countries in Decmeber.
I'll try hardest on grammer, spelling and pounctuation in my journals.
bacaouse today is our 5 month anniversary.
I practice some tirics.
recentry I am crayzy about ``hannah montana``!
We will be watching the movie 'Avartar'.
Controllering an avatar that is something you are not but represents you seems awesome.
The members and I have placticed very hard for that show.
As a result, it was sucssesful.
When somebody eats my cokking smiles and tells me it's delicious, it makes me happy.
Please send me a messase.
Good mornig!
Before she started her IMBA program, we often hang out togerher.
I can tell she doesn't appreciate some Taiwanese cultrue.
Tonigt was fun for me.
Our conversatin was in English since I needed to practice for the up-coming interview.
I don't like hollywook movies either.
We played togeher, laughed...
Of course, sometimes we guarrel, but then apologized.
He was a Canadian army officer and made a fortune from the hydroelectric power of Naiagara falls.
Specyfying my language goal.
We enjoyed visiting Kamakra.
In my next class, I have to teach a lesson, so I need to prepary a lesson plan.
The first, ni2, is generally used with colleagues of one's age, yonger people, close friends or acquaintances.
I tought them some things!
Today, I got a health check at my shcool.
Notihng was wrong.
Computer graphics is a very difficult field, so I often search for hints to solve a problem on the intearnet.
since I had no opopportunity to communicate with them before.
I finally finised my first semester in China.
As it happed, that she wasn't with my friend at all.
Resently, I've been trying to remain calm and to alter the way I think and my attitude about everything.
And it mekes me slightly kinder to other people.
Meeting with Alchol
As electricity has been cut off because of the earthquake, I cannot cook nor eat food which is sold at a convinience store.
The best one is a baked slmon rice ball and the second best one is a fried rice ball with various ingredients.
I recoment you to visit Nagashima Spaland!
By the way, she paied 170000 yen for the painting.
When I went into there, we walked down a slope which went along a large aquarium, which was cylindric in shape.
As the slope is spyral, it made me dizzy.
We could see these fish right next to us, so I felt like I cound touch them.
One day my mother took me to a psychiaty, though to be honest I did not want to go there.
A big Tunami has hit Miyagi, Hukushima, Iwate, and so on.
This Tunami is the biggest I've ever seen.
I experince many things this year.
I ordred seeds of a flower called solube YTT.
A white flower boolms (on) the first day,
The staff cheekly tried to make him apply for the half year course which was 2000 Singapore dollars for him (I think it's super expensive).
Recentry I resolved to be vegitallian to lose weight and because I saw shocking video which made me think about various problems (I will skip the details).
I watched a movie whose tiltle is ``Land of Lost``.
In fact, I wanted to watch the 3D disny movie, but the tickes were sold out.
Three advnetures go to an anciant world, and they meet a monkey-man.
Hi, starting today, I am going to introduse you to Japan.
Actually she's not a social woman, and she doesn't have any opponunity to meet men.
One is an Engrish magazine, and one is a quilting magazine.
In Japan, I had attended a quilting class for about 5 years and an oil painting class for about 10 yeras.
The climate here always changable; There was a typhoon only a few days ago and now it's already a sunny day of over 35 degrees!
Before coming back home, I bought the ballons and the pump to inflate them.
So I was very interested and excitng!
One Italian guy said that he doesn't like MacDonalds at all, and that the Italian MacDonalds is different from American MacDonalds.
Then, one Korean guy said that the Korean MacDonalds has a kimchi hamburger.
I don't have a drivers lisence yet, but I soon hope that I'll pass the test and a get one.
But getting a car lisence is quite hard for me.
Because I am worring about slamming and crashing with other cars.
fortunaly, that hasn't happened yet, and I hope it never will.
She is supposed to stay in Arlinton in Massachusetts.
I think it's very cool, if I could watch the english movie without undertitle written in japanese.
And I believe that, if I do so, finaly I can make a extremely beautiful girl friend.
It's only 12: 26 and I (already) wana go home!
I wana try the real full-course French meal, or whatever you call it: S
Recently, I couldn't wrote a dialy in English.
I think that this has a nice sence of rythm.
XD So, I have to overcome this psychological obsticle.......
First, I plactice speaking in english through videos.
Then, I wrote an nessey.
Today's topic is ``a park near my homw``.
Today, I had a tea party at Yoyogi Park in Tokyo with some memebers of Tokyo Toastmasters, the local activity group where I can learn how to do public speaking.
The movie was very enjoyrable.
I recomend you to have fun in your own special style when you see a 'colorful' movie like ones Disney produces.
(Could also say: I feel comtrtable and at peace when I take them.)
Of course, I knew that I had no choice but to learn a foreign lanuages if I wanted to be successful in the age of globalization.
We all close our eyes before starting the game, but the thieves can raise their heads up, open their eyes and look at each other to find out who the other theives are.
After we begin the game, we guess who thieves are by discussing like ``You must be a cop`` or ``You must be pretending.`` We discuss for 3 minutes and poins at the people who we think are thieves.
A lot of intelesting andspecial TV shows are on the air in December.
I've justbeen so busy that I couldn't finish watching (and deleting) the recorded prograns (T_ T).
I applied for a position and went to an inverviewed last Wendesday.
Today, I made some sentences using dialog typing for learning I inginterrogative sentence.
good moring everybady!
Last night my freind came to my house.
she first staied at my home
This moring I made her breakfast.
beaouse she thinks I'm a good cook.
I wasted 2 months on my dissertaion period...
I woner if my students will like it.
From now on, I got to have snikers on for a while.
I like me as I am nowadayas.
I want to try to write some of my thoghts but unfortunately, I haven't read anything recently.
Including me, most Japanese are parhaps good at Listening and
THE DEATH OF MICHAL JACKSON
And my oral Englsih can deal whith some easy topics.
What's more, I have also begun to read Englsih novels such as 'The Red And The Black' and so on.
Some people sasys It isn't practical...
Even though I'm using this website to improve my pronaunciation, in the following passage, I can never pronauce the same sounds properly.
that's the reson I don't know where I should put my tongue for each sound even if I hear native English speakers saying it.
The first half of the story was really overwhelming and the advent of the monster changed the taste of the whole movie, I thougt.
Then I had INARI ZUSHI and mashroom Salad for lunch.
I was not tired becasue I had taken a nap.
And my neck is very good doday.
However my friend whois going togather with me says that a natural disaster may strike evrywhere and whenever. We can't epect it.
Since I have the experience of beingkept in the elevater by blackout of due to lightning. I am really nervouse about these kinds of things.
Some of you might know that if you go overseas or make a foreign friend, it's a good thing to have knowlede about your own country's traditions because some people are interested in Japanese clture.
It's a Japanese traditional food eaten on New Year's Eve and it's said that this custome was started in the middle of the Edo era.
Second is the belief that eating the noodles will cut off your troublesomes instead of carrying them over into the new year.
I will be nuervous!!
Anyway I try to set up my uccount now!!
Are they diffelent?
The very quick responce really encourage me to study my writing skills!!
After Gladuating university, I had worked as a chemist in Japan for a couple of years but quit the job to study English.
I studied in Canada and Engladd for over one year in all.
After that, I became obsessed with English becouse I met a lot of people who come from various countries and learnt about different culture, history, food, and ways of thinking.
(If I had known the water in a pool was acutally shouder height (or: shoulder deep), I would have tried three years ago.)
Anyway, I decied to give it a try and now swimming is my favorite sport.
I hope to make my English more fluent so that my English would no long be an obticle when talking with others
However, there's good news espeially for me.
The book was written by a twiiter user.
The book store near my house had a bargen sale up to 50%.
He told us that proununciation is very important in the learning process, but he said we needn't worry about our poor grammmer, because just about nobody will care about it when you are just chatting. Except for formal situations.
There was a beautiful yong lady in the show that was forced to leave her lover unwillingly.
I know that it's better to turn off the Japasene subtitles, but if I do that it would be hard to keep watching the movie and have fun.
If I don't watch them regurally, then I will not be able to improve my English ability, so I watch them the way I said previously.
I feel that my vocabraly expands/ grows by reading Englsih subtitles.
When I feel that way, I bring myseld into feeling that I want to write more entries here.
and I am really looking forword to these events. ^ ^
I have been looking for some sites which are better than this one, somehow, I still couldnt `t find one.
* Increase the hability to concentrate.
When we got out of the attractions, I found that my unbrella was stolen.
Although practically the number of peple who are wahlers has been decreasing in Japan, some people who live in these specific areas continue whaling to make living.
just that it is more difficult to find the time to learn compared to when we are studens.
I think that the student who recognizes the importance of thire privilege can
make use of thire college life for sure.
Are Japanese elevater the only ones that have a door crose button?
The opening sound is really familir.
I am earger to go to a theather and watch it.
However I noticed him in the trailar (maybe, full CG?).
Hi evry one!
I want to improve my inglish skill!
Thank you evry one.
Insidentally, our opponents were much stronger than us.
I couldn't believe my eas. It sucked.
And you are very good at drowing pictures.
I can crearly remember Melbourne.
Be hournest, it truely works.
I am studing English at SDA.
Why don't you just fill the fucking vancancy?
Why don't we just keep silent and let time fill the vancancy.
Hi, I'm a student for product design's master degree, and I have complated a work Iicall it Finger Dance, which is a kind of dIgital communication equipment for cold evironment, and be suitable for outdoor survival and rescure in the ice-disaster or snowstorm.
welcom to my blog to see my other works:
This is the first time that the DLP lost thier seats in last 50 years.
--> Now I have started ``The Namesake`` by Jhumpa Lahiri, which is reall interesting so far.)
I try to stay fit while not using cigarets.
The pair of shoes I bought are Nike brand and they are avairable with the iPod plus sensor.
When I was a child, I heard from my grandmather that there were many treasures (buried) under the groud at the end of a rainbow!!!
In the beagining I was a little bit nervous, but the conversation went smoothly!
Twenty minutes is such a short time and I had to say goodbye, beacause the international fee is expensive, this can save money for our company.
Recentley, I have had no time for myself.
Sometimes it makes me tierd.
Without anyg interupting.
Yeah, finially, I opened my mouth.
Three of my friends came to my home to studey English together as usual this morning.
It is a vry fun place for me because there are many kinds of cool shops, for example apparel stores, restaulants, sweets shops, nail salons and so on.
So, when I found this site, I was pleased with it and registerd right away and then tried to write a lot.
I don't know if this method will lead to high score in the TOEIC test immediately, but acctually, I really enjoy studying and I sometimes think in English now even during daly life.
Then, I can somewhat unserstand what they say.
My thow is in such pain!
We foucus on difficult words and torture ourselves.
During the holiday, I had to finish my school work, essays, and other impotant tasks which still weren't done.
He had nothing to grab onto and hardly any place to stand.& nbsp; However, there was a midle-aged man that was sitting in one of the priotity seats.
The milde-aged man looked at the old man and back at me again. I thought that his conscience was starting to bother him.
I have to go to must work and perfome my experiment tomorrow morning.
To begin, I wrote my intoduce.
I am studying for my exams at the university's cluster room, but I am fleezing as the air conditioner is turned up very high.
She went out to the new sun room that's waiting for the maerial to finish the floor where she found an old man.
He walked into the imcomplite sun room so Siri said ``Who are you?``. He didn't say anything for a while then Siri found that he had a name tag on his shirt and recognized the name.
It is the internet that has had the most powerful infulence on me by the prevailance of computers.
I think I won't go anywhere so I'll clearn my room and I'll cook what I want to eat at the time.
For example, the shape of the rice cakes (round or square), flavors of soup (soy sause or miso or sweet bean soup) and other ingredients (chicken or seafood and many kinds of vegetables).
Fortuntely, South Korea has developed accommodations called Jjim-jil-bang.
When I was overseas, I didn't watch English news channels or movies. I could not understang popular programs, as I have no idea about their cultural background.
I'm requied to learn formal words rather than informal.
In my case, I'm exporsed to formal situation too often.
During class or school, I hardly get a chace to use slang words.
but statisyics is very difficult.
By the way I would like to know th difference between 'personal' and 'private'.
So could you help my studing of English?
In Japan, we have a lot, like candied apple, cotton candy, takoyaki, roast squid, okonomiyaki, yakisoba, taiyaki, creap, pickled cucumber, kababs, shaved ice, and countless others!!
In my opinon, there have been many changes in american's thinking.
They want chage and achive their hopes by voting for Obama.
My hope was also that Obama would be president, and I am looking forward to watching the nauguration speech on tv.
I have no doubt tomarrow will be a historic event.
It's origine is a mystery novel ``kokuhaku`` written by Kanae Minato, it got an book store reward in 2009.
I have to get the certificaiton, which is called MCAS.
So now I am not working, because according to our Holyday tradition, we must meet our friends and relatives today to exchange gifts.
This provides many programs to watch, whearas NHK doesn't have so many.
And after reading it, we had to explain and summerize it.
Due to the pronunciation of a Chinise English speaker.
Anyway, I had to follw her explanation and summerization about it.
I just stayed silient.
I am feeling nervas.
I don't know why, but I drank 2 cups of coffe at 4 AM.
Both of them are from the same conpany, aren't they?
I decided to strrugle with studing English, for the same opportunities that foreign costamers had visited.
Futhermore, some of the main characters also died from that.
I had calss this morning so I had to get up early....
Saty up late is so tiring for me.
In good weather like this, I whant to meet friends and sit at a fire in nature.
onsequense: We decided to go for a trip as a cinsequense of the long discussion.
Today I bigin my diary.
It was 32 years ago, so I do not speak Engrish.
This weekend, I am going to teke a test called 'Eiken'.
It's always a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place of the world, specialy about towns I know.
When the dorama started, I felt I was having ``deja vu``!
I am too anxious to make many good friends who come from different countries and from different cultrues.
I paied a deposit of thirty thousand yen.
Today im very unluck.
And in bio I didn't finish my homewoke. (teacher let's me go to lunchbox.)???
I like it when the sea is smooth and motor motoryachts sail on it.
Sometimes you can see (some) coulour fish.
Peple hung fish windsocks from their looftop and wished for their children's health and success.
If a factory is not managed very effectively and efficiently according to specifif rules, it's prone to polluting the local air and water. An ideal community should be quiet and have fresh air.
My best friend said, ``you shoud just ask him and don't talk about your dogs.
I remenber when I talked about my dogs with the doctor, he almost yawned and I was a littele bit emotionally scarred.
However, the man's attitude twords her is deteriorating.
Sor far, you haven't shown any successful results. ``
I was happy to het him.
When he feels good, his color is lighter and when he feels bad, his belly becomes a brack stripe pattern.
The instruments they play are guitar, drums, bass, keybode and many others!
Did a tyhoon hit Hamamatsu?
and I'm writng a diary just to kill time until I'm ready to go out.
But on a second thought, I'm learning English online, too, so I can keep studying it! Of course, I want to keep writing dialy on this site.
By the way, after I registeration, I can now use ``PhotoAlbum`` above.
It's defficult for me to express my opinion.
I might have hurted feelings unintentionally.
I worked for my new job for almost one month, and I contribute many of my ``first times`` to this job. For example, this was the first time I walked to an office that wasn't only10 minutes away, or I ate a French dessert named Macaron, and today is my first time going to a photography studio for a photo shoting of our product
Althought it's boring when we are wating, I believe that when we see the pictures on the magazine everything will be worth it.
We enjoyed it and feld happy ^ ^
So I can eat those without having to think which dish is cheap or expencive.
It was ivory, long sleeved and hagh-necked.
Japan has had a taugh experience in the big 3/ 11 earthquake and tsunami.
When I see the people's attitudes toward saving electrivity, I am reminded of our national character.
This events often take practiced in summer.
Thirdly, I like to make new friends and get to know more abount the places I'm travelling through.
Mobile phones are becoming fashionable recently, there are so many colers and designs.
And they have a lot of different fanction.
For example, you can use it to listen to music, to take a picture, to use the internet, to arrenge your schedule and even to watch TV...
I don't need too many fanction.
I have one but I don't know all the fanction of my cell phone...
Thesse days, most people have one.
Sometimes it gets too expensive... We should be carefull when using our cell phones.
I'm looking forword to belly-dancing and also to meeting my teacher next Thursday!
We study at differet places.
We both wanted to learn independently so we were seperated by our parents.
And second, It is eay to raise cats.
I entiely understand that, and that's why I want to raise dogs and cats.
Now, huiman control this world, so we take care of only ourselves.
It hadn't been stong enough to damage anything but it reminded me of the tragedy of Haiti.
usually, I don't make a habbi of writing in a diary on websites...
I am trying to look for a sentece so I can ask you but I can't find it. It's not a noproblem, I can read it by myself again.
Things intersted me.
I'm sure it will help you broaden your horizen.
I commut to a language school.
By the way, the illumiation at the racetrack is very nice.
Of couse, I am one of those losers who regret their gambling.
Hoever today is Friday ^ ^
Besides, I cannot read fast, speak fruently, or write quickly.
granfa, granma, everybody is welcome!!
I have a presentation next Tuseday.
When she found the truth, she was very upset about it at first. But now, she is looking foward of seeing her baby soon.
So I'm not surprised that she was upset because deliverly would be difficult for herand it's pretty expensive.
Hiroshima is famous for the atmic memorial park and Miyazima.
I dodn't know him well, but I want to hear his interpretation of Paganini.
Um I wanna chanege my life.
I opened the egg pack in the refrigerator and found out the eggs were fronzed solid.
I was able to see skycrapers and the Opera House from there.
It is clean and confortable!
I would like one day to leave my country and travell to England, but the problem is that my english is very bad and I don't know enough so I could travel there...
I will take part in a Chinese Speach Convention.
This is my third day isung lang-8.
I'm not really familiar with the functions here, so I always sents the same
It is good to meet many friends from different countries, and help each eachother.
When I woke up early midday, I hada severe headahe because of a terrible hangover.
and I asked my friends about heloliday when thery traveled but they said they did not traval often.
somtimes they think if they use the money to traval they can't use it buy something better.
I think we have a lot of beatiful beaches like in Phuket and Krabi (?).
so about me, I did not traval in the south. I plan to go there one day when I have enough money.
Studying in Canada is a valuale chance for me to become mature and to [learn to overcome many difficulties and barries.
Last time when my friend and me were leaving the Superstore and decided to walk back to the drom, a Canadian couple drove us back.
Dath from the usual flu are more than swine flu which is simply not mentioned.
I consider the vaccines, not just from swine flu, itself to be harmfull.
Suddently I recalled one thing---I have a TEST in a couple of days!!!
Afterward, I looked in the mirro, and I liked my new hairstyle very much.
As I was passing a parck, I found that my shose was loose, so I sat on a white bench to tie it.
After leaving the parck, I continued on my way home.
However, many people just stared at me and laughted.
At that moment, I thoght, ``What's wrong with me?
Arriving home, I rushed to the mirro to look at my new hairstyle again.
When I turned my back to the mirro, I saw white paint on the cloth of my skirt.
So many things have happend since I was here last.
I'd liike to get another dog.
I feel [as if] my oppinion is [very] selfish...
[Because] I've never discussed about it with my husband [yet]! (Hasband to be).
Before that, I need to get my father's permition.
Waching movies and listening to podcast or radio programs or even music would be a great help for the better understanding.
These days I think I ate too much so I am gainning weight.
I like to drink a cup of coffee when I feel tired or want to sleep, aspecially after lunch!
In my opinion, no matter if teaching (the) sudents who have already had plenty of knowledge of English, or the children who have never contacted English before, the techer should recognize the importance of teaching.
And they shoud know well the different methods for teaching different grades of students.
The Art of Disney Gallery is held outside in Downtown Disny.
The Legend of Sant George part-1
I timidly tried to sink it in the bathtub a few days ago and I timdly tried to take some photos with it in the bathtub yesterday as well.
So far I only watch about two movies a week becuase I don't have enough time.
They were ``Graded Readers``, Penguin Readers, Oxford Bookwarm,... and etc.
* When I work at the hotel, I will not only need the ability to speak English, but also the abilty to express my opinions clearly while using appropriate jargon.
I played the guitar in a band at that time, and we copied thier songs.
80% of Japanese Boys talke to others with humility and rest of 20% boys are totally insolent like kids.
How about the boys in your contry?
This phrase seems impressive to me in junior high scool
The sentence structures are not falimar to me.
The cherry blossoms are blooming in Kyuusyuu which is in southern Japan.
My husband and I went to see a muvie.
Before the muvie, I went to a department store and bought a pretty ring.
The muvie was called Gulliver's Travels.
I slept during the reading section and lost about 100 points more than the listeining section.
I wil buy more of them later.
It's really difficult to think of it becasue he's straight.
I 'VE HAD ENOGHT!!!!
I'm glad to hear from you, and I'm also glad that youve just returned from a trip to Scotland.
I fell asleep last nigt in front of my pc because I felt sleepy after I ate supper.
I am planning to go abroad in about one year to study fashion desigh in England or France.
Even though most employees are Japanese, some have sent emails to their boss, I have had the oppotunities to see such emails sometimes.
When I went for a walk, I passed by a little retaurant.
We had a thunderstom last night.
So I (often) pour some syrop into my Caramel Frappuccino.
I've remembered his free kick at the chanpions league 2006-07 at the games vs Manchester united.
Because I also have a mooustache and a beard.
Now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens 'book' A Tale of Two Cities 'and maybe later I'll write an entrie about the book.
Orginary, I wanted to work in a pub in itaewone that is located in Korea and where many foreigners come to hang out with their friends.
Frankly speaking, I expect that there are many beatiful weman.
But I was dispointed.
One elderly man said ``There is someting under the machine.``
Once I start writing, I can't limit myself to an propre amount.
Today is Wendnesday, February the second.
Voice blog is where you can make your acount and create your voice blog.
I have just resistered with Lang-8.
But I havn't start new things yet.
shight seeing?
MY ASNSWER:
Finally I finished one of them, and then I emailed one of my coleagues to ask for his advice.
Fotunately, I was not injured in the earthquake.
But when I started talking, nobody responsed to what I said.
So my topic didn't make sence.
In Japan we can see a rabit on the moon.
In diffent countries they also see different shapes made by crater on the moon.
To learn a forign language, we should try to speak it as much as we can, and in my opinion, a test will push us to speak more and seak better.
European contries are near each other.
So it would seem to say that men tend to be more of romanticists than women, who tend to look at reality and securelity.
I like hime because he is plugged in.
One part of our job as an intern was to interface with the customers, which includes introducing the products, recipting the attendees at seminars, selling the Xbox 360, or hardwares, etc.
That's why it surpirsed me very much that he went for brok on those jobs, expecially on selling the product.
And I like to play footbal very much.
Maybe wewill developped iPhone app, a simple game.
so,,,, we were hanging out till night, walking too much, my lesg were hurting.
I drunk a lot of alchole last night.
American tornades are also American size. (Sometimes tornades appear in Japan as well, but most of them are generally small.
When we first see American tornades on TV, we are surprised at the size of tornades in America.)
There are many visiter and workers from foreign countries.
Our Prime Minister, Hatoyama, said that he would resolve Futenma problem by the end of this month.
My fvorite drink is green tea.
When someone kndly corrected my text, I feel happy.
I learn English at samrt.
So, I am happy that her boyfrined is my friend.
I am very embarrassed with my weak avility.
My refrigerator is still operating now, but I bought a new one because the electricity bill is too expensibe.
Yammy (T_ T)
Some young boys were playing barsketball, while some young girls were listening to morden songs and many old women were dancing.
Lately, I have been carzy about DIY.
I really like wisper of the Heart espesially from a lot of the movies by him.
How could he tell her gilrfriend? Can you help me write a conversation?
One day my doughter said to me.
I watched ``The Big Bang Theory`` agian today.
Hi, everybady.
Everyday, I have to acheive all kinds of imformation on amazing destinations.
I would appriciate it if you kindly help me correct it. <just more formal>
So recently I've started faining weight.
I decided to eat to helthy food, eat less, and to exercise.
It's greate.
They were above my sholder in height.
Unfortunately, the tempeture of water was not warm.
I did not know what was happning.
When I get home and settele in, I will write about my trip and put up some pictures!!!!!!!
There are some vegitarians, one Jewish person who cannot eat pork, and a guy who has a food restriction because of his diabeties.
I want to work internationary.
I am studing Korean too ^ ^
Anyway, it is a hard for me and I am worred whethr it would hurt their feeling If I ask them several time to repeat what they said.
Therefore, I have to find someone whom I can practce conversation with the eldery.
I have worried about my English skills recentry because it is one of the most important skills for working or enjoying our lives nowadays.
Alhtough nearly 20 years old, I need 10 minutes to write these three sentences.
When I write something here in Englsih, I always try not to make a mistake, but still, my entries always get corrected after all> <
His homework includes three book eport, an English penmanship, and a math workbook.
when I have free time, I always goole words.
It was very dificulte.
And we are going to have test agein.
Although it depends on the country, as far as Japan goes, there are some reaasons why we attend college.
They have great influence on children in the same genaration, and those children show that practice leads to great success.
The reason why I wrote such an impolite thing is because I really wann go to Singapore immediately.
I've only sudied in Sydney; my real intension is to go to the beautiflu sea or something.
So, probably I can enjoy Australia and I can affrod to see every thing.
As friends have helped me correct my blogs, I have gained confidence to go on writting.
Then, I prictised my English listening skills by listenning to the New Horizon3 at double pace (double speed).
He said that at his work (Japanese company), he is aften told that he is too self-assertive.
Sports is not only physically chalenging, but it can also be mentally challenging. Criticism from coaches, parents, and other teammates, as well as pressure to win can create an excessive amount of anxiety or stress for young athletes.
Unfortunately, I can't run this year, but I'm going to run in another marathonraca which will be held in my home town.
I will cost a lot of mony.
I long for thire life.
I want to be a millionair!!
Afterall it all, we discovered that we can't recollect (or: remember) anything from the last school year!) We had a headache, but it's natural (or: normal), because we hadn't been practicing for 3 months because of vacation.
But yesterday, I coudln `t say`` Happy New Yeat ``to my friend.
Sushi is a very (populer) food in Japan.
If the people of the future see the current world, they wouldl not be approve of it.
By the way, could you tell me wheter it is not difficult for native English speakers to distingish ``want`` from ``won't`` in conversations.
I bought a magazine, ``Business English`` a week ago and I've just starded learning with it.
This is my first time at langu-8. I want to improve my English level, and make friends from other countries.
I look forword to receive your message.
But I tryid not to change it not very often.
I think the main causies of my not being very successful are-laziness, misallocation of time and tasks, and again laziness.
Today, I was working at Lotte World which is similer to Disneyland.* The original sentence sounded confusing.*
Although this Christmas I was lonely (lonlely), I hope that I will be happy for a whole year from next year.
But I think the Singaporean government won't be able to settle this problem unless humanbeings beings successfully develop a technology which can change sea water to clean water.
The movie is about the life of Cuban Revolutional leader, Che Guevarra, and his inspirational journey.
I didn't know of Che Guevarra until today, because I didn't know much about the Cuban Revolution.
We are currently using a customazed program that we developed ourselves.
Unfortunarelly it is not very common in my country.
By the way, today's weather was strange, because it suddenly began rainig harshly.
I am not famillre with Maiko san,
Kyoto became one of my faborite cities.
``Can you play teniss?`` and ``Do you play teniss?``
She had even worn a mask from the biginning of May.
No one can give us a clear answer about the effect of long-term low level of radioactive explosure especially in relation to children.
The most importernt thing I learned is making a special point of ensuring their safety.
After they had their afernoon nap, I woke them up and asked them to
His medal was bronze indeed, but I thought that he deserved a gold medal because he must have made a lot of Japanese impressed and encouraged by his comingback.
He always cracks some inappropriate joks that make me sad and uncomfultable
It was a very preasant party.
I got a good grades on most of my English exams, but English is still a feild filled with confusion for me.
I must control my physical and mental well-being to conplete the Tokyo marathon.
I conplaind about my looks to my mother.
A few minutes later, a friend of mine asked me ``oh-I didn't recornize you because you looks like different person today.`` Ok....
I am now wowking in Tamaki.
Sometimes I move my boday if I hear some hign tempo music at home, but I never do that when someone else is there.
But it's ok, I said before, I will profect my dreams, no one can take them from my hands, today I may be stupid, but what about tomorrow?
Different from middle school and high school, college campuses are much more interesting and fasinating.
Furthmore, what we should bear in mind is to be kind and tolerant towards the dorm-mates as they do it too.
Usually I read sentences from the TOFEL and literature, but I don't talk in English,
I idrank at my home town.
The fugu is deriiouce but a littel dangerous as a food.
mmmm, I think MacBooks are not made for cats
Ize peninsula where I live, is a warmer place tnan the other areas in Japan.
If the Ume tree doesn't exsit in the other contry, I think it's okay to just write Ume.
My other favorite things include playing the guitar, eating snacks (especially chocolate), dancing, wathing movies (on dvd) and so on.
YAKUZA appers in this game,
I like Pikatyu the best.
But I also like Raityu.
My freinds and I often talk about our other friends.
Or: As food safety is becoming quite a worrisom problem (here), Beijing citizens are trying to find/ locate farms themselves that can provide safe agricultural products.
But when I'm able to comprehend the means of songs, I feel a huge sense of achivement.
The Maldives has recentry become popular for honeymooners.
A Jaapnese friend of mine called me this morning, almost crying.
We hope this maintainance will bring...
The class is very interesting, I laern English and Chinese.
I live in Shanxi province which is locat in the northweast of China.
I am a student and I want to learn ingles.
I never thought of meet such as great person in the unuversity.
The price of poteto chips has increased little by little.
Today I went out with my son, and we took a walk under the spring sunlihgt. In the evening we went to the market and bought something to eat.
I took many picturs, but I can't function anymore.
The aftershocks have faded out but another ploblem is coming.
This plant sends electric power everyday to large areas icluding Tokyo.
Because of this, Tokyo electric company and the gaverment have decided to share the power in order to prevent sudden blackouts in all areas.
Ashita wa nichi chu koko ni wa narimasen.
Watashi wa Scout no atsumari ga aru masu.
I think it fits the atomosphere of anime.
Yesterday (February 3rd) was ``Setubun`` in Japan.
Congraduration to me!!
Taiwanese people are always open to others from all over the world, so travelers can feel the Taiwanese eenthusiasm very much.
I like cherry Cherryblossom.
There was a single cherry cherryblossom surrounded by other kinds of trees!!
This party is sponsored by the English conversation shcool that I go to.
About 70 people, including twenty foreigher, will attend the party.
I'm not used to communicating with foreiners. Also, my English is poor.
I'm looking forward to the party, but I feel uneasy about whether I will be able to communicate with the foreiners there well.
I hope to make friends with foreigher at the party.
Perhaps some (someone) may want to ask me why I worried about my relationship with my girlfriend, as I wrote several days ago here, even though I beleive this.
First my throat was jutst a little bit sore, but now I have got a cough, a runnning nose and a seriously sore throat.
As I said above in the title, I fianlly got a job =) But the surprise is that I am not going to work in Korea. I am leaving for Vietnam next month to work there.
I feel I shoud take care of myself more carefully....
Nonetheless, after the Muji Revolution, Japan grew as one of the developed coutnries in teh world and reigned over Asia while China maintained her close door policy and remained an undeveloped agricultural country.
From the Japanese perspective, the Japanese wish to reclaim their glamor in the Muji Era when Japan was the king of Asia.
We had to do sth in the room, so we staied in our room for 1 hour.
They are athors of several books, such as ``Body Language-How to read others' thoughts by their gestures ``.
I'll introduse myself a little.
And also I know that the JLP teachers have spent so much time prepearing for this summer course.
Acording to my memory, I might heve done about 3weeks ago?
I met my friends in my high school class, went cmaping, experienced heart-breaking...
I don't know the case of forein countries, in Japan many high school and university students tend to start their first part-time job in it.
My English is not good. There are many words I don't know and I don't understand grammer.
rain was like one of Tuyu and called Natane Tuyu in Japan.
I went to Voncouver for 2 days.
Yesterday was the last day of my Mailitray service. It was a very happy ending for a long hard year. I have gone through some very rough situations
The 1st word is 'I' whenever I speak English or I write a dialy in English.
Im went to hot yoga class yesterday.
What is the best way to hundle conflicts?
Cultural differnces often cause confrontations.
Even in a classroom, thiere are cliques.
When we are in a conflict, we tend to reagard our own opinion as right,
Firstly, we can seach much faster for information regarding things we want to know about by using the internet.
Recentry I failed to pass the entrance exam of Tokyo university, so now I don't have anything I want to do.
And, Tasmaniasalmon salmon tastes very good.
I am quite luckly after all/ though, my college classmates have had a lot of interviews, however they didn't receive any offer yet.
I seached for information about Los Angeles at home.
I had an orientatation for an English conversation class just 45mins ago.
I was asked some questions in Enlgiswh from an American Teacher.
just lagughing and chatting or thinking deeply about our future.
I don't have the right volunteer spilit.
If I can control my emothion, I will be released from my pain.
I attended a seminar about social networking services a few days ago, and one of the guest speakers indicated that human beings 'abilities are atrophying while information and Internet technologies are advancin. This is because the evolution of technology makes it easier for people to solve problems.
All these technological advanes changed our life for the better, but at the same time we should realize we are becoming lazy and our abiltity are atrophying because of our invetion.
I'm stressed out by many things and have nou energy...:(= more natural
I sold for 20000Yen a CD boxset of my bussiness teaching materials, which I used to listen to
There were so many people screming and yelling.
They reproached the director and actors for lating the premiere so late and so short.
That day was my birthday, so I deside to eat unadon for my birthday present.
I like thinking about how should I take picture to makes averybody interested
Can you thinking about what's a different bitween them and you.
But sometimes I forget to try, so I think I should try to something againg.
I hope this wabsite will be help me with my English skill.
I went to a Chinese restrant downtown, with my friends.
how much it needs effor to make it something
But It is hard work for me to write what I'm thinking promtly.
On top of that, speech delays always make forienger confused when I'm speaking with an American friend.
And another reason the friend is confused is lack of vacabulary.
It is difficult for me to transfer the meaning of what I'm thinking completly.
However, I konw that it is unhealthy, so in order to be a healthy and lovely girl, I decide to eat more of a variety starting tomorrow.
Lastly, I want to make forigner friends.
I ordered foctory size spaghetti with rich meat sauce.
Konbawa.
Tree lieaves have turn into red and yellow.
you can feel Japanese autumin if you look at.
but sometimes, I'm impressived by it.
I wanted to wear skiny jeans so I went on a diet.
I had to stop losing weight, but I'll keep excercise for my health.
Actually, computers wer n't my frist choice when I was invited by Shaoguan University.
He has a big desease, cancer...
School festibal.
It was a very big ivent x-D
Finarry, I will spend less money if I live on campus.
But, as you can see, my English level is not good enougt to enjoy English. For example, watching CNN and BBC news or listening to English songs.
It's a rare oppotunity to talk with a native speaker of English, most of them come here to study Chinese.
I had been introduced by another Japanese friend and already knew him, but I had no time to meet him then, only knowing his celler phone number.
But he wants to speak conversational Japanese fruently and he has plans to go to Japan.
I unblanced my rhythm of life a little.
I will write about that very tiring trip, some other dialy.
What's a good way to joing the conversation?
All of the band members have already had expierience with other musical projects.
worked with many differet musical styles from Ska-punk to Hardcore.
electronical samples.
So I had to look in the dicshonary many times.
This means I have to read about 100 pages a day because I justy started to read this book today.
Even btter, I can assign different purposes for a few cups and only use one with its assigned purpose.
I was discharged from the army on Octobor 31st, 2010.
It made me desperated
I feel enphoria.
I asked eneryone: ``Would you add me on Skype?
He is always full of enagy and a real hundful for me.
After dinner, we went to a caffe.
It was a great movie, as many people including my frineds said, but it was a bit complicated.
I have two turtoles and I have had them for about 15 years:-) Their names are ``KA-`` and ``ME-``.*
Lang-8 is very good website for learning langauge.
I found it in a magzine.
Recentry Lang-8 has not been running smoothly.
It's a little embarassed to play it when there are a lot of people in the elevator hall.
So let me intridue myself!
By the way, I took part in an internatinal party in Ginza, Japan the other day.
We can taste delicious foods in Hokkaido, such as chikens, Japanese crabs, shrimps, various vegetables and so on.
I'll look forwarad to it very much.
When I made a woolon tea with a tea bag in hot water as I usually do, I noticed a diffrence in taste.
I couldn't stand the diffrence in taste, so I went to an electric appliance shop to buy a water purification appliance.
In a part of the Fukushima prefecture, which has had a serious problem with nuclear power plants from the March disaster, thosands of residents have been told to leave thier homes.
In adittion, my laundry won't dry because of the humidity.
I performed two songs as a band member in the universty festival last year.
We all have beatifull penmanship. (or handwriting)
I found out how good mutton tastes when I lived in China for three years for bussiness.
Anyway, mutton is less popular than other meats, like beef, pork and chikin.
in Japn.
I do this so I can have a lot of berad, even though I'm on a diet!
Many Japanese foods are sould on the street, such as Tenpra, udon, dango, kakigori (shaved ice with syrup on top).
I deliveried to six families for only two hours.
During the meeting, a profeccer and I discussed a way of teaching science.
Once the mark is caused, it is permenent.
So it dameges a lot of things and many people feel uncomfortable.
When Joy entered Mcdonald's, Ji and Min were alread sitting down.
This was her first solo cocert and the first CD was released on the same day.
so my assey are always basic level.
It is nutural phenomena, isn't it?
Please read my dialy.
Today I cooked a cheescake.
I pretened to call a policeman.
A Chinese women bullied a kitten like people do the laundary.
My dog died and I lost my job, my bussness failed and my money ran out.
and did not do work out as much as usuall.
and after dinner, I went to the health center which is located in baseroom of the dormitory.
and I excercise with my best effort.
I appriciate your help and advice.
Althought the temperature there was much more higher than in Taiwan, but the weather in Taiwan is usually hot and humid, and that makes me sweat all the time and feel unconfortable.
It was July 4th yesterday, the bitheday of America.
I've been trying to figure this out: what do budhist monks do when they encounter sexual lust!?
I have pearents, a brother and a dog.
It's been a long time since I last logined in to Lang-8.
My major is informatics, which is rather new and interdisciplinary, and includes many disciplines like phylosophy, contemporary thought, science, engineering, design, social sciences, and so on.
I want to make friendship with many forigen people
I couldn't canceal my excitement for this cummunication, because it was my first time to cummunicate with foreigner face to face.
We only briefly greated each other, and afterwords, there was a long silence.
I felt that it had been a complete faluer of a conversation.
Anyway, I'm still coufused about how to use it.
I don't have enough willpower to study more and more in the moring, wasting a lot of time.
Fortunatily, we're on vacation this week and don't have to attend classes.
That gives me hope while whatching dreadful stories of the world.
I guraduated at a univercity this year, but the graduation ceremony was not held.
And I like taking picturfes, traveling, eating good food and dreanking, haha!
I want to speak Enlgish like a native speaker.
How do you studay language?
It's a piece of software to memorize woards and phrases efficiently.
Please tyr this method if you would like to learn a new language eficiently.
You can surely memorize meny new words!
Apple's technorogy is amazing but I haven't yet learned how to search for words and write at the same time.
If my freind has time, we'll catch ball or whatch some games.
My thesis was mainly about the relationship between languages and colors in old Japanese, morden Japanese and morden English.
If you are one of the people who lent me a hand on my survey, I really appriciate it.
Today, I had three classes; English, Japanese and Chainese.
Besause it was the weekend today, many people came to the restaraunt.
Sometimes people from foreigh countries come to the restaurant.
Americans, Koreans and Chainese people.
Yesterday, I had a class titled ``perfect pronounciation`` at the university.
His/ Her birthday is tommorow.
I'm looking forward to tommorow.
When I had to pay, I foud that I only had 4000 yen.
I have not been a student for 9 years, but I will never forget this holliday!
Inside there were 3 motours, a metal frame
She told me about her frinds that went to America to work, tranvel CROSS OUT] America [/ CROSS OUT] and take care of the childrean in the U. S. A for one year.
Yesterday my friend told me about Lsng-8.
But when I bring her out to the street, she is so crzay!
Then my mouth opened and fanally I smiled and said to myself, ``Thank you, my wonderful friend from Lang-8.``
It 'very dificult.
Have a good weeken
I think I will go shopping and look arond the market. I would like to buy a new magnet.
I hope you have a good weeken.
I think it is good for me to inproved my English.
My Enlish is so poor!
we just conect to the internet.
In Februar 2010, I bought a new one.
It was a good oppotunity to improve our relashionship.
My vishon
Okinawan poeple do not have good a image about soldiers of the American military.
I thought he had not forgotten about his exx-girlfriend and still loves her.
So we became firend.
Someday, If I can speak Enghlish well, I want to tell him thanks and what I think of him.
I want so much to program in other computer langages.
Sooo sweet and jucie.
4, Click the ``Upldate`` button and that's it!
Their expressed policies in the manifesto are as follows: The government subsidyzes child rearing parents about two hundred dollars a month per child until he or she finishes junior high school.
Meals are more expensive than they were before the Spring Fastival.
Fourth I chat with a guy in a QQ group who ignored me after we exchanged afew words dued to my bad English.
My mom has 3 bothers and sistrers, and all their family will come back to spend new year togehter.
They don't know how to speak gentaly and everytime I just feel so umcomfortable and try to escape them.
Althoug we are good freinds, I still think it's embrassing to show her my room.
That made her sick eventully.
In addition, I dontn't see the reason why people are eager to volunteer work for poor children and sick people in another country.
People are probably just exicited to visit another country even thogh they are going to waste a lot money to visit.
I tried to make a plan on friaday, but it didn't work haha
becuase we dropped by taco shop.
And I saw the of owner of Ralph's grocery store's mansion, and then we went to my friend's house to eat britto!
However, while we chiled out and laid back on the sofa, they decided that they didn't want to attent the party.
The population is heavily concetrated in large cities.
Becouse in my English classes at university we don't practice speaking and writing.
It's a very beautiful and yet awful movie about nuculear (anti-nuclear) weapons, and it is also a bad comedy.
My bad habbits
I have some bad habbits.
But recently I have tried to fix my bad habbits.
Since I'm not interested in studying English, I didn't study English after (since) I gruduate from high school.
When I went into the shop, I was surprised about their manu and mood.
The romm is packed with people.
If you eat too muh, you wll pack on some pounds.
It is a big city, and big cities are nt made for living in, they are made for work.
Except for the many shops along the street, there are many dolls made from bamboo and paper (papar mache) hung from the roof
It means mountain girl; yama equall mountain in Japanese.
They wear colorful sports clthes with pretty bags and shoes.
Anyway I can't recomend climbing that mountain in the summer.
I ofen felt thrilled and could enjoy all of those.
It seems that this usually could be complate recovered by 30.
He said also he should have painted ealier.
I went to karaoke with my firend!
The web covers the entire world. Many people have their own PCs which contain multi-language enivironment and are always online.
Today, I Went to ``Shionoe`` with my garlfriend on a motorcycle.
I argue that meat is better than fishses for the following reasons:
Lately, I have been getting up at unregular hours.
Wedding/ marreid ceremony
It was sobad that my English teacher's pronnunciation n't so good.
According to the weather forecast, the typoon is moving Northwest.
However, no matter how many companies I appied for, I haven 't
I hve to learn how to use it better!
Today we are having a forum (discussion?) on the reaerches that my lab has been conducting!
I reseigned from my job last month and I will work in NYC starting DEC 31th 2010.
I like surffing, running in the early morning, and going to musicals.
But many pepole cry over the naughtiness of young people.
I like Michelle the best because her character and behaviors is soooo cute, especially when she is talking with Uncle Jesse.
The video was about a person who tried to bungee jump into a river that had a cockodie in it.
Frist, I was not sure if it was a fack video or not, but I wondered if the man who did it got eatten by the crocodile and was hurt.
I ran ten kilometers up along the mountain and then down the other side for another ten kilometers.
The mountain I was running over today was a symbol for Buddist prayers.
The view is just amazing from everywhere along the mountain path; I feel as if I am stood at the same height as the clouds, and the wide opend view makes me feel freed from everything.
The weekend is over, I don't like Monday's and I'm logging in lang-8 to see wheather someone corrected my diary but the result let me down.
I am looking forwward to meeting them.
We could sing to the accompaniment of a guiter, which the master played.
Because I will want to enter univercity.
I want to study biomecanics.
Although I have nothig special to write today, I still feel like writing.
if you're intrested, then please pay a visit to my page and take a look at it!
So `native English speakers` refers to the Amrican.
I thought that more people would come here for sightseeing and the number of sucide here would decrease as long as the path was maintained.
I think that this is a part of the reasons why sucide happen here besides the not maintainig path.
The atomospher was very quiet.
A littel farther from the Forest Trees of Mt.
The board said that those caves were used to preserve foods iseveral hundreds years ago.
I was shocked at the news about Asakusa Samba carnibal 2011.
I have to prepare some boild eggs.
I can lon in on the weekend!!
Got an iPod touth
We were studing together, and one of my friends said,
This mornig I woke up at my friend's house.
If it wasn't raining, I would go to a sports event of a rocal junior high school to see some neighbours.
As international air traffic increases, many major cities need to extend the operationg hours of their airports to accommodate passenger and cargo flights from foreign countries. Residensts near the airports argue that there should be curfews. Discuss both points of view and give your opinion with (supporting) reasons.
But now I still have a generalized musle ache...
I orderd black ones but gray ones arrived instead.
When I saw them on the internet, I coulod see that they were black and the description also said that they were black.
The cargo of silver weighed abouot 200 tons.
I am a university student, but I am not goot at English.
There are many types of drinks that tasete like beer at the supermarkets in Japan.
These drinks are so-called ``non-alcholic beer`` and the ingredients include sugar, calorie, among other things.
I was advised by the doctor I'd better not eat or drink too much, take moderate exercises, and avoid a stressful atmospere as gout is a desease caused from an unhealthy wy of living.
I can sometimes hear both of them singins at the same time.
If it is nice tomrrow, I will fly the Koinobori.
For example, I like to invite my friends to my place, enjoy my favorite sigarette in my room, listen to rock music, and drink a little alcohol before sleep...
so on (it souds like I am a teenage boy XD).
Living under their careness make my life more easier but also makes my intelligence degrade to a three-year-old child's. (I am already 27.
I was very sad and I rememberd then what happened yesterday.
t was a tiny mistake but of course it was my mistake so I aporogized for it to the doctor.
For exsample..
I played some games online and then studyed English, and played the piano.
Yoo seem (to be) happy.
My job is loaning out electonic devices.
But we only have few custumer, about 10 people a day:(
Fortunatly, the chinese New Year, which has eight holidays, is coming soon.
my family consist of 5 memner: my father, my mother, 2 younger brothers and I.
I will graduate from my unniversity in one year.
In fact, I am a little worried about my job that I thougut was so nice.
I want to brige Japanese companies and oversea companies.
The KIC is near by my house, where KIA has some voulanteer language classes, we call them ``Englsih table``, ``Korean table``, or ``Chanese table``.
Since he can't speak, he is using a respirater.
I'm glad if you enjoy reading my dialy.
I tried to change to nother bus to go to my house.
It was my telephone and modeim to connect to the internet.
I've got a sore throught from the cleaning spray and my hands get rough from washing.
The weather is very good and very confortable.
So, most people have canceled their cherry blossam festivals.
Do you know a Philipino singer, Carice?
When she was sitting in the airplane on her way home, just before taking off, the directer of the competiton entered and asked a flight attendant where she was.
And the suiside rate has been increasing in recent years.
Moreover, because of its efficiency and sonvenience, we use technology even if we can do without it.
And some traditional arts are in danger of disapprear because young people are less intersted in them.
One sign is the blooming of spring flowoers.
I thought I am proud of him, and I am a very lucky mother because of I have a great husband and wondeful son.
His attitude looks as if he has no enthusiasm about enerything.
Relationships are sometimes obsucure and many of them are formed impulsively, such as friendship and love.
I think that I can't sleep becouse of the heat.
But I'm confused becouse Italian is reading Roman but English is not.
Then he will become a member of the Pharmaseutical industry in Japan as well as me.
He will ues English in his work too!
Essay: A soulution to Overcome the Threat
I had to applogize to my customers for it.
As usual, I was trying to use it but unfortunately, today I couldn't do that because my office web security programm blocked access to Facebook.
She got her driver's lisence about a half-year ago and hasn't driven car that much, but today, it was her third time to drive long-distance.
I accidentaly came across the movie when I was surfing you tube.
When she reads it, my wife is so consentrated that she doesn't hear my calls. It sounds more natural.
Hello all you beautiful boys and girls or kind-hearted men and wemen.
I'm a sophemore now, and will be a junior after the summer holiday.
Anyway, the TEPS score appeared on TEPS hompage.
Today, I ate lunch near my universary.
The Brihish meseum is famous all over the world.
The meseum ia famous for art.
the meseum
The man is very embrrassed
He deldtes the picture from camera.
As you probably know we pronounce a word as we read it: in most cases there's a corrispondence between the sound of a vowel or consonant and its graphic symbol.
The announcer was joking about our difficulty of pronouncing the noun of this volcano, expecially after listening to its real pronunciation.
So he bought clothes at Abacrombie and Fitch, and finally we went to Universal Studios.
I think Destiny's Child, who split up in 2005, was the greatet girl's group (ever).
As I mentioned in the privious message on this site, I've been practicing English by listening to songs.
I hate studying English writing and grammer, but I like to study speaking.
I ordered vegitable curry which twelve kinds of vegitables were included in.
I laughted when I heard this.:p
The way of my shopping has been convenient, meanwhile ever sinse the international company came to Japan, many local bookstores have been going out of their business.
Lately, I'm fascinated with ``Wicked``, so I watched thier videos.
of MLP figures still nice, but I'm not atrracted to them so much..
He was very cheerful, active and fun to talk with (all adjectives), so that he entertained his. greatparents a lot.
butI have a difficulty still communicating with foeign people.
The supermaket that is named ``FOOD ONE``, is one of the cheapest priced supermakets around here.
Meets and Fishes are importted by the USA or China.
Today I got up early to eat brefrest.
I always get up late during winer
Besides today, I have to do two kinds of winer vacation work.
The gugle satellite captured something like a snake which is almost 30m long.
I think there are many misteries in the world.
There is a very interesting mith in my town. 200 years ago, a wise Buddhist priest foretold that my town would be destoryed by a huge flood.
People believed that it was just a mith befor one statue was found.
It is a very intresting myth.
Yestarday, I participated in a conversation party for exchange between English speakers and Japanese.
I na speak!
It has been more than 10years scince I graduated university majoring in English.
Sometimes, I got assinments to have interviews with exchange students who spoke English as their mother tounge.
However, after graduation, I haven't had many chanses to use English.
All of these are good methods to release your strss.
I alomst havd no time to relax...
For me, it realy helps me to understand the English.
Also, the correct gramer.
In my opinion, even if he was just a victim, he has to recognize the weight of his responsibility and the influence his behaver on the society because he is the Kabuki icon.
If I was rehired, I would not be able to go abraod. ^ ^;;;;
Today I went to a kimono shop with my mother because I intend to wear one to my friend's weddding.
But Japanease people seldom have a chance to wear one.
I wore one once at my coming of age celemony.
But I listen to a various music, Pop, R& B, Hiphop, Blues, Countly, Reggae....
Shanghai noon is under a lot of rain today, my friends didn't catch the train, she was supposed to go to xian taday.
The capical city Tokyo is a big city.
There are many plase to go.
Yesterday, I went to city hall to recieve my passport.
Toda, I had a part-time job.
It was hevy rain, so my toes were soaked.
I expect to go to Syabu Syabu with my friends next Tuesday.
It is so interseting for foriner. My friends are foriner so I think they will be interessted in that.
Occupation: univercity student
Right now we have a long holoday in Japan.
For example, in an elementary school you can learn how to comunication not to mention studying, and you can learn how to cooperate with your friends/ classmates in junior high school and high school.
When I speak English, it takes a lot of time to come up with right words so I guess I shold train my English so as to speak instantly.
On the first day we went on an excurcion in (the) Kremlin.
In the evening we went to a water park and water-sked.
On May 7 we went on an excurcion to the city.
I almost go to the gym everydey before going to the company.
It is prety good.
Podcasts are amaging!!!
If I start doing this, I will get to know exactly what I am eating and exactly what my calory intake is and I will feel bad when I eat a lot.
have been learnig Japanese.
``It's impposible because they don't listen to me, especially mom!
I so apprecitated that I had preapared TOEFL test, because it gave me a lot of valuable experience in Reading, Writing, and Speaking English.
Without the TOEFL experience, socre, and training, I could not have gotten those jobs in just two weeks.
I want to send a cristmas card to my friend.
Before, I heard that a lot of Finnish like Robert's coffe, is that ture?
Merry cristmas!
The westen body has long arms and legs, and big hips.
I have a plan to leran English.
Frist study grammar second read anything in English third watch a children's movie finally write in my diary everyday.
When lunch time came, I was going to go to the restrant.
On the other hand, social enterprises can obtain funds regularly because they are run through the business mothod.
Disappointedly, I couldn't enjoy tasting wine when I visited a winery, because I had to drive a car on the way back home.
I went to my university's hospital even thought today was Saturday because that's what the doctor said to all the members of ou team.
The messages told me that my card's number corresponds to the card's company's, so they canceld my orders.
Last saturday I'd have a private concert with freinds for piano.
Helll.
I wanna get an internatinal license.
I want continue my university studies, but I am affraid that I did not do well on my exams.
It is not a very toching story, but I have watched the series since I was 10 year old, so it made me cry! LOL
I will definatley come back to this beautiful country again!
So, I want to communicate with people of defferent cultures and countries.
So, I have to learn a lot obout manegement a buniness.
I know that it is not easy to sucess.
I want to improve my abilty to make sentences.
My favorite person is Ichoro Suzuki.
First dialy in English
Today, I am writing a dialy in English.
Today I sined up at this site.
I can check your dialy journal written in Japanese.
I thinkh hes 'got a good personality and is well grounded.
When he anounced that he was getting married, everyone blushed.
A Welcom Party
we talke in english.
I saw the corrections, and I had to start to translate with google translater.
I use google translater when I don't know the words.
Jon always teases me that my Enlgish is regressing/ getting worse
Impactful tiltles???
Tourists can enter a limited area inside the mosque, even a non isram believer.
It was a drink that I had not known before coming to singapopre.
It is a cuppchino of tea version!
Last night, our teacher was a blocak man from Botswana.
I'm moving to another seet.
If I want to thank you, I would write in the card, for example, ``Thank you for cherring me up:)``
He's a menber of a group clled SMAP.
I submitted an application to a new job last manth.
I have lived in Hukushima, Sendai, and Iwate before.
It has been inconvinient to go around the Kansai district from Hakodate since the Leaman Shock...
Today, I dicide to start a diary in English, to improve my English skill.
My favorite drama is ``frends``!
I'm glat I found this useful site.
I was part of the staff at a wedding celemony.
Wearing perfume is not familier culture (/ common practice) in Japan, so not many people use it.
It was quite expencive, but it feels good though! So it's OK.
You may konw that the highest mountain in Japan is Mt.
North is a fascinaing mountain becouse it has many alpine plants in the summer time.
I've been into mountain climbing for 5 or 6 yaers.
GCP means ``Grobal citizenship program``.
When I went home, Paster's waife gave me a ride home.
I thout that it would be convinient for me to go there by bicycle.
We were confused and mad, but we had to obey the indecation of Doctor F.
The gruop that has the shortest time wins the championship.
Tere are the examples in my textbook.
I'd really like to thank you for giving me a good oppotunity.
I had a gread time.
I had better fhinsh now and go to the bed.
It is a practice course and shorter than a real golf cource.
Well, this post is not about the date of Hikoboshi and Orihime; who are the couple of the Tanabata regend, but the one of my daughter and her boyfriend.
He is a coffee beens buyer from a different company
I am worried about tomorrow's wheather.
Do you still remember me, the day it was rainning?
First we were a little bit nervous to make conversation with each other But 30 minites later, we talked a lot and became really really freindly like we were then.
Almost all of our firends have already gotten married and had children..!
We got imformation from the service desk.
I tried to conect the internet, but I couldn `t conect it.
In conlclusion, technology is useful for education, but we need to have the ability to sellect information.
In my office restrant, we can have lunch for 500yen.
However they can't drink after a gig (Because drunk driving is a crime in Japna).
Finally I recommned a cello for you if you have a choice of a cello or a contrabass.
The Web is Degenarated
Actually, it's given us uncountable benefits and an unblievable world.
But when it comes to daily life, however, I see people who can't stop texting or chatting on thier cell phones and who are absorbed in the web for long hours, not to mention myself.
The tachers are jentle and nice.
There are lots of evets this month, for example midterm examination, school excursion, and club activities sports day.
Tret 'yakov's Art Galery is in Moscow.
He liked Russian art, and he bought paintings from great Russian paintists.
This museem is named ``Tret' yakov's Art Galery ``or, in Russian,`` Tret 'yakovskaya Galereya``.
Now the Tret 'yakov Art Galery is a great museum in Moscow.
They look at pictures by great Russian paintis.
Tret 'yakov's Art Galery has not only pictures and statues, it also has Russian culture and history, becouse these pictures are a part of Russian culture and history.
I will add photos of Tret 'yakov's Art Galery.
Anyway, today is my first day in londonm.
Plobably they will become sweet tomatoes:)
The yonger sister, Bess, likes to travel all over the world, and got married to a second-rate (horn (trumpet?)) player.
So we should try to (consider/ think about) the yonger sister's point of view.
Bess, the yonger sister, has to depend on her elder sister.
If I have the oppotunity, I would like to use slang words from now on.
I would speak to my freinds, ``Hey what's up, dog?``
If you have cool hat ``That's hella cool`` If I get angry at my freinds ``Hey stop trippin', dogs ``What would happen if I use those words to strangers?
Many people visite there.
Still, I prayed for peace in desaster areas in Japan and all over the world.
It was an intansity 3 quake.
I want the webmaster to delete those pages, because the pages are not so usuful for me.
I'm just a 19-year-old college student, and I don't think my abilities in my native langage are any better than many other members from Japan here.
What do you usualy do whilst you're on the train?
As you know, Indonesia is still depeloping itself as a country and I feel their enthusiastics every day by seeing people on the street and huge traffic jam.
everone said things like, ``What is your name?``, ``Where are you from?`` and, ``How long have you been here for?`` among many other things.
Most of members came from European countries such as Germany, Italy or Rumania and they speak English really well.
If we were in foreign contries, we would have to ask someone who is unknown to us something, for example, how to get something, like a vehicle, how to use stuff, or the ways to destinations.
But how is it in your coutry?
The first exam, called ``the center exam``, is held on Junuary 15th.
It was the first time taht I used an Internet shopping service.
My shop is a salad shop, therefore my lunch is always salada.
I ate the salad fast, and when I opend the hamburger bag
I enjoy the time when I study miocrobiology.
San Francisco is a very exsiting city and I'm engoying some activities here.
I'm lucky to experience the rare ivent.
He did not know whether the post office ws nearby.
It's hard to explain why I like rany days.
I belive that TV has reduced communication among famillies.
I dought whether the daily homework would help students
Diffrent clothes sometimes influence how people behave.
I wish that this fundraiser will help to cheer on/ support Tohoku people.
The cost would be compared/ compable
Despite resistance/ resesiting
I learned the grammer (preposion + ~ ing)
I'm Russian but I actually now live in Moldova (it is at the border with ucraine).
I now have an iPod touch, a Mackbook, an iPhone, an iMac and an AppleTV and I am looking forward to the up coming new iPhone (iPhone4S or iPhone 5).
Apple funs have to be buying their products again and again like me.
She looked outside and said ``Snow ~ Snow`` with a very happy smail.
And I've realized that rassy, an Indian yogurt drink, is necessary for eating hot dishes.
First of all, it requires a lot of excerise with mental control.
I am going to learn how to use phoshop.
I will spend my time today looking arond Photoshop. I would like to become good at it in a short time.
I went back to my hometownin for vacationm.
We can buy many prepared foods at the glocery store.
More and more women are getting stronger and scarely than before and beat their husbands.
I am waitting for your reply.
Wecome to our club
Wecomre to our basketball club.
We beliveve you will jion a wonderful club.
A strong person will bacome stronger.
Everybody just thought that was a pretty strong earthquake so it would probably just cause a bigger Tunami than usual.
Anyway, I learned several expressions and words which I'd not been faimiliar with until today.
My parents and I go to a worship sevice these days.
Engrish is difficult.
I was reading a Japanese comic yeaterday.
In addtion, I went to Ginkakuji, Kinkakuji, Kiyomizu temple, and so on.
Then I had a delicious denner near Kamo River:)
The delicious denner was 'tofu'.
I lost my earring agein.
A is most adavantagious for them to enter nersey.
I had a job interview in a Japanese restarurant.
I have to go back to Japane in the middle of April to attend my sister's wedding party.
Today was the annual meeting for the presentatoin of research and development in/ at my company.
The distingtive yellow circles on the flecked lamp betrayed the lack of dusting.
We prepared ourselves for the worst, because youth hostel food isn't renowded for it's quality.
> <Everyone looked suspicous at the fish and chips.
I have three yonger brothers, so I had dinner with them.
But I think that I want to speak that langage, so I want to study hard.
He and I had a trabble today.
I wish to memorize Qura 'an and remeber all its words as I remeber my name.
I wish to puplish a lot of books and become a famous author.
Before I did that I was listin to many different Islamic nasheed by English speakers like Yusef Islam and Dawud Wharnsby.
A magazine guided me to this fanastic web site, so I'm in.
I don't know how many people read my dialy, but I welcome you all who clicked my diary.
I started writing in a dialy on this site to practice English.
I will write about a festibal for children aged 35, 7.
Today, only girls aged 37 participated in the festibal and only boys aged 5 participated in the festibal.
Many families take photos of their childeren in pofessional photo studios during this festival.
As she said, there were simular korean food, and it was the same in texture.
About Yestaday
I am a homewife.
I'm looking forword to seeing us graduate.
I like taking pics and litenig to music.
And sometime I draw peple and animals.
I'm eating more vagetables.
Could you have my written work in the language corredted?
My aim of this year is to stady English.
Today, I will go to one of the biggest shopping morll in Tokyo where I have lived for long time.
I took a usual train. Then I sat next to foriegn a girl.
I excited for I colud speak in English!
It's no wonder that the Arabic people at the lawer levels can hear English better than us--they've been living here so much longer (than we have)!.
Bom hit Tom.
We enjoyed playing gemes and talking with our friends.
9 years ago I went to the United States as an exchange studens.
I've aready been to Oosaka this summer so I can't travel too far again, however, I plan on visiting my friend's house.
I have to be carefull not too spend too much money in the meantime
automatical translation is not accurate..?
I'm writting this entry by (on a) laptop on the train.
When she came to the hospital she looked scaerd but stayed still.
she repliled that even her slightest move would stimulate it into rustling
There were beautiful ocean view and cozy atomosphere in that.
I think we can be more free, espesially in Japan.
Occationaly, I open windows even in winter day!
English in China is very importamt for my job, so I continue to learn it in my free time.
I am so pround of myself because of my small diary in English, although it's infantile.
Recentury, I have been very busy everyday.
Then one Sunnday, I was invited by my friend to go for a drive.
I think my family will appriciate eating it every day.
Personlly, a friend is a person who makes you feel at ease, or make you feel at home.
I'm glad to join Lang-8!! I hope I can make some firends here.
I was very happy yesterday, so I asked my room-mate, who was sitted nearby, to take a picture of me and my sweets (but this picture let me look fat, haha).
This surgery lasts only 10 minites, but is it safe??)
He is working for a Japanese company in Shabghai now.
I am goint to accompany my Mom to Japan or Cambodia and study TOEFL regularly and hard.
Everybody came from different fields and backgrounds but they all have the same eagers to learn new things and make breakthroughs inlife.
So now I feel counfusion and flustration.
I heard it from my co-worker only today and I was so suprised because she heard it last Firday but it was the first time I had heard of it.
Althogh before I could not reach my head to the floor while sitting down and opening my legs, now I can do that.
* Video Grid--smilar to Picture Grid.
English that Japanese high school students are studying is really grammertically difficult.
I remembered almost all the English grammers, but still, it is sometimes difficult to tell where S ends and where V goes.
But this word is actually difficult and it is wierd if I use the word when I talk with friends or children, right?
Yey...
I am so happy today, because my company got a big contract this morning. It's big news for everyone in our company. It means we have things to do, and don't need to be afraid we will be lalaid off, or forced to take unpaid leave. ^ ^, At present, the globle economy is so bad, so many people have been fired, so it's helpful to get a big project in our company, ha ha ha ha
It was slipepery and dangerous.
I've continued to learn English, but my skils aren't looking to good.
This surely incruding me.
becouse Japanese does not have words with those meanings.
I experianced various things both good and bad.
So they came to my house and celeblate the new year.
Every year we watch Ekiden where collage students run long distance and pass a batton (taski).
my cousin's childlen came to my home for the first time.
Third, the author described a ultra malathon race that took place in a mountainous area in Mexico, where American top ultra malathon runners and Tarahumara runners competed against each other.
I began writing a diary in English at this web site, and try to correct diaries writen in Japanese.
They looked like people who belong to karaoke clabs.
These are quite expencive here in NZ.
I usualy can't afford to buy these things.
Next manth, I will make and launch a model rocket.
My boss who has good sence of humor and is nice guy allows me to study something when I don't have any job.
I went to an English seminar last saterday near Tokyo station.
But that seminar was a good opotunity for me, as I was able to meet highly motivated people with a higher level of English than I.
I will sit for a TOEIC TEST in Novemver.
Ran to th public bath
I have girlfrind.
She told me to let our relationship return back to when we were frinds.
I've got to appriciate that.
I work in big brewery in Poland as a chief technolog.
I didn't think I will like the book cuase romantic novels bored me
There are ear-clearn servis in Japan.
Clearning your ears feels good.
What happens if you don't clearn your ears?
The tradisional japanese earpick has a top of cotton or Daruma.
I printed out my diaries with your correctings.
I'm reviewing my diaries and studying English by reading many people's correctings now!!!
I hope that I increase the range of my vocabralies and how to express myself.
It was 9 p. m. when I arrived at the centrul of Bergen.
I have had a spech disorder since when I was 3-years-old.
I am a saleman in spite of having a speaking problem.
If I were not a stutterer, I would laught at it.
I didn't even think that I would become a saleman.
I have met several people who overcame stutering.
They said that being old and having experience counts so I belive that I can get over it.
I didn't feel bad at frst.
basically I lost attension easily
if I had to read shakspeare right now, I would probably die instantly.
And sice I'm a person who easily lets distractions get in my way, it's good for me to learn how to use my time more efficiently.
I have been studying Chiense on youtube.
On 31 Dec, I ate Soba (Japanese noodles) and watched the Kouhaku song competion TV show.
In an onsen-hotel housewives can relux to their heart's content.
It means they can escape not only from daily household choires, but also from having to do anything for their family.
our food self-sufficinecy rate is really low, compare with other country.
If my sentences don't make sence or are grammatically incorrect, please correct them.
They had come from England, Canada and Amarica.
I was very nervours,
However, my teacher is very strict with me and she always says to/ tells me that the facial expression of my painted cherubs looks so weired that I have to repaint them.
But I believe that if there are diffrent forms, then there must be some
(We were able to listen to the sound of the waves while we soaked in the buthtub.)
(Some friends talk about their seacret stories, usually relating to love.)
(I don't know why, but I also feel like talking about that as I am soaking and relaxing in the buthtub.)
This prroduces good harmony with white bread.
Also, I like chocorate paticurally the bitter kind.
Are my feelings straing??
Turnitin is a detector for bad academic practice or pladiarism.
If Turnitin warned you that your work is pladiarism, you must rephrase the sentences or reference where you borrowed otherpeople's ideas. Otherwise, you will lose a lot of points and, to make matters worse, you will fail the course immediately.
it is like a child's drawing and I am so embarrasssed.
Actually, at first I wanted to study phsycology as my major out of my hometown.
As a result, I followed one of my best friends to the university that I'm stuying at now.
Becouse the bang hung in my eyes.
These clothes are a necessaly but they are also a little expencieve for me.
Now, I look at my game collcetion and I ask my self how did I play all these games?
It only bleed for like five minites or something but it was nothing bad.
Now, I really want my wife to be a Japanese cartoon whorshiper.
As I had thought, she entusiastically read it HAHA.
and brigth is my English name.
In our city, winter is ofter cold, with strong frost, snow storms and ice.
Summer will give the possibility of travel, opening new picturesque corrers of the motherland.
5 To raise my English skill from beginner's level to intermeditate.
So I was reserching the market related to these products, and costomer.
I'm still cotinuing the reserch today.
Sorry, my English is really wrong, I appriciated the support.
I am writting my dialy for the first time.
Nowadays I study English for bussiness.
My bussiness is being a salesman, importing produts from the USA and Japan.
And since I use a lot of my time to read English, I am not good as good at speaking Enlish.
So I wish to get my speakin ability up to scratch by writing on Lang-8 dialy.
I talked to my high school frind about school life.
Saturdy 16th, Sunday 17th
Most Japanese students do not go to school on sturday but this year I will.
I called her back wondering what had happend.
Due to her mischief, I enjoyed a conversation with my old freind.
Recently I've had headach and stomach-aches.
And I think peple can move much more easily from country to country than in Japan because Japan is an island.
Two celebrites committed suicide last week.
Amazing goal achievment
I am busy because I have to hold a public hearing for my doctrial degree on Friday.
To achive this, I need to efficiently take breaks.
MUSIC is one of the my lifelines to survival in these stressfull days.
I aired out my 'zabuton' becaouse the weather was fine.
She wrote her feelings and appologie in it.
I took part in an Enlgish Speech Contest yesterday.
It had beautiful and soft sands and a few waves probably made by the breeze. It totally looked like a small seashole.
The lights from each house shone brilliant and conjured up a feeling of nostalgea for a fleeting moment.
(It takes you 7 years to become perfert at the piano.) I'll leave my home in two years and I have a choice: I can lose 2 years in music school and learn the basics or not even start.
: When I'm coming in, we would live for the rakers or the Sixers?
: No, I know what your first basketball game ever, and I know its pretty exciting, but when it's all said and done the season wouldn't be long enouh.
In the beginning, I guessd that 1000 people would register.
We met in the uiversity classroom.
Finally, Josep, a friend of mine here at lang8, corrected it.:)
Since then I'm afraid of other people, expecially their eyes and words.
There were serveral kinds of rubber duckies in a basket.
This site is a little diferent...
Later, I saw a vedio on youtube.
Despite this, the groom seems very calm and plite.
The cow is an old friend of the old man, who has raised the cow since it was very yong.
So I only learnt grammer, reading, writing, but not speakingg.
It helps us improve the ability to relate or summerize something in ways that are easy to understand.
Anyway, I have to say that learning anything is not a piece of cake but our passion will help us improve easilier and sooner!!!
ysterday, I went to work.
I am a process engineer in a foreign-funded company, but my job is tranning the operators in how operate the machines and maintain them.
I dream about doing a great job, I dream I am a milliomaire, but fantasy is pretty and the real word is cruel.
The Internet helps us communicatig with different people.
That's what some Japanese had done while Japan was invating Asian Countries when Japan was once under Imperialism rule.
When I read the sentences, my sleeping head seemd to awake suddunly.
Instantly, the whole world disapears and all I can see is the light with all the colours.
Today was great througu I still felt like a isolated knight except, when I was talking to this girl who was really sweet who taught me the words ``serendipity and kismet.``
I don't understand why we must not talk on our mobile mobilephone on trains.
Most of the menber in Genshiken are male.
Becasue I like the French bread most of all.
I want to eat it soon, but I'm waitting to eat it till today's dinner... (>-<)
But I have to pass the school exam which has an interviw and a resume before IELTS.
They will become important people to me in the future because they can cange Japanese medicaln practices, by thinking about Japan objectively.
I'm looking foward to seeing old friends in this ceremony.
Even if things were not wrong and made sence, I would still correct things if things sounded unnatural.
But since becoming friendly with forien people, I've come to realise (noticed/ discovered) that bending the truth is more common in Korean cultures than other cultures.
I went to the gym to play baskt ball.
I'm from china, I can speak chinease!
These days, I have been busy writing 2 kinds of graduation thesis (because I belong to 2 kainds of seminars...), but these emails made me feel a little refreshed:)
We had a ferewell party for the overseas studens yesterday.
So today, we're going to renew our expired pasports.
Of course, I am allowed to sleep if nothing has happend.
They are vey useful and fun!!
I alredy have three articles ^ ^
My sister highly recommanded a Japanese movie called Detroit Metal City (DMC).
At that time, I was curious about the storyline because there was a navie guy and a weired guy.
The navie guy acted in Death Note and it's quite different from that movie.
His hairstyle was so funny that I couldn't help but laught at it.
Im (like to) stay home and take it easy without doing anything
Selebrate the first of
I am going to make pasta with tomato-sauce and baco and the cold potato potage soupe for her.
I think that everything will gose well.
I just came back from my trip to Mui Ne, which is in the Binh Thuan provine.
It was in a restsaurant, and there were 7 people present: myself, my parents, my husband, his parents and a go-between.
I think my English is getting better and one day hope to speak English fluntly. ^ ^
My favorite idol commit suiciside.
My hobbies are snowboarding, traveling, and studying foreign langueges, now I study English and Spanish.
If you are learning Japanease, I will help you.
but I preffer a whole one with its insides included.
I garmish saury with some grated Japanese white radish,
Sometimes cultual differences caused misunderstandings.
The words I used were misunderstood, but it told (taught?) me a lot of things, such as how important it is to understand the backgrand of the language.
I went to school and leared about English Education.
Recently, she went to hospital and was given a check up, and was diagnosised with tubeculosis.
Tokyo prefecture and the office that she belongs to started to move for the purpose of informing many people who might have caught tubeculosis from her so that they go to hospital and are given a check up.
Cerebrities have many chances to comunicate with many people, so I think that they should go to hospotal and be checked up often.
I couldn't understand why it was not working, and I asked to my hasband for help
So, will who is an Amelican or someone who can speak English please correct this entry?
I started this entry whitout any ideas to write about.
The wheater?
Well, today the sun decided to show all of his strength and the resoult was a realy hot day. Maybe he picked a fight with the poor clouds and banned them from the sky.
Okey, I just finished talking about wheater...
I know that it's only 9pm but today was a realy tiring day and I'm realy sleepy (That's why my post is so silly and has almost no sense at all.
I don't know what I will say here, I just want learn more about English and at the same time make friends with whom I can comunicate and pratice the language.
The hightway in the capital was so packed that we kept moving really slow for an hour.
I am 19 yaers old girl working in advertising agency. My position is a secretary.
But I am oing to change my job because the financial crisis happens.
This evening, I watched a movie called ``This is it`` which is composed of footage related to Michel Jackson, mainly the footage of rehearsals for his concert in London schejuled in July.
I made dozens of rice balls, filled with pickled ume, salted salmon, dried benito, tsuna, and many other ingredients that were available in my home.
we have a long hoilyday
So it was too late to get a driver's risence during this break.
When I saw that the patient in the show couldn't wear a jacket correctlly (she put it on inside out), I was astonished.
I'm so nerveour and I feel like there's butterflies in my stomach.
I opend an e-mail from my friend, It was about 'Facebook'!
Last January 17th was the 15th anniversary of the Great Hanshin Earthquak in 1995.
Kobe is an urben city and famous for fasion and nice foods.
Many peopl were chrushed and burned to death under the rubble of houses.
I am going to keep writing Englis diaries.
I hope my englis gets better and better!
peaple all over the world have to help each other.
we have to help each other by using euglish in the world.
Many tipical Japanese companies have new years vacation during the first three days of January.
Today wasn't a spesial day.
She picked it up and brough it to their house to eat.
Wollen Sie hier kommen?/ Wollen Sie herkommen?
My friend who used to lived in Kitakyusyu created this game.
Each of my uncles and aunts has a son and a daughter except for my yougest uncle.
By the way, I wanna know about cities in foreigh countries.
4) Each compartment has priority seating for eldery people, pregnant mothers and handycaped people.
I think that it depens on each country's culture and history, which numbers are considered unlucky
(They studied alculating and memorizing instead, though.)
I tought that he was very kind.
Then I'm very surprised by the price of the vegitables.
For exanple, a head of iceberg lettuce is 295 yen, a cabegge is 299 yen, and a tomato is 199 yen!!
I want to speak It very well and make new friends elso.
most of them have thier own jobs and they practic soccer in their off time, nights and holidays.
Last month, the Goverment gave a medal to them for their glorious match in the Women's World Cup.
My throat is still swallon.
Tomorrow is mother's day. When we are young mom takes good care of us, but as we grow up, mom becomes old, and some of us do not treat their mother very well. Now I just want to say everyone of us should take good care of our mothers! Tomorrow we must tell our mother ``I love you, Mom!`` I hope every mother in yhe world will be happy everyday!
I have lots of friends here, but they are either Singporian or from other countries whose first language isn't English.
So I want to have oppotunities to talk to Caucasian people in order to improve my pronouciation.
Today my business partners invided me for lunch.
My favorite sezsom is summer.
Afterwards my friend said he wanted to see Avater, so we went to a
movie theatre and saw Avater.
I was really shocked and asked him why he had never spoked to me in that language before.
Why do so many people come up to me these days and tell me thier ideas?
^ ^ During the Cristmas season, I was too busy to enjoy the festive feeling.
Actuallly, I really like this drama a lot, so I made korean subtitles for the episodes.
If you have The time, I recommand you to watch that drama.!
I heped her cut peper for a long time and then we went home
but English speaks to me and says ``Vitaly you are too stupide``
Yeaterday, I went to Ang Mo Kio to meet a friend.
We are langagge exchenge partnar.
At first, I would only write a jounal entry in English on lang-8, then I wrote it down on my notebook after someone corrected it.
Well, my priority now is English, because next year I'll take the university entrance exam. I chose English as my foreign language, but I'm falling in love with Japonese!
Natyrally, I will correct your Japanese too.
I hope I can enjoy every class during the second semestter.
Even if I don't have anything to write, I shoud write.
His eys always look sad.
Topic: It has recently been anounced that a new restaurant may be built in your naighborhood.
Moreover, if the meals prepared by this rastaurant are tasty, you can treat your guests to a meal at your favorite restaurant.
I should go there early because I am affaid of a traffic jam.
I think she has a lof of things to tell about about her interview.
and we all felt disappointed that we couldn't have the ceremoney.
So we dicided to go to the university together another day.
However, I often switch the opposit way of the function I want.
I often get anygry with myself, when I go to get the coffee. I find nothing, and I have to do all over again.
One day my throwt was sore.
Now I can't breath through my nouse.
By the way, I watch the TV TVdorama ``soredemo bokuwa ikiteyuku``.
Quarralling severely with my mother, working for the whole day till 5pm.
I plaied tennis with my friends.
We plaied tennis together.
In the afternoon, we'll take the bus to the Night Safari park and be there untill 10: 30PM.
I don't know whether my recordings souds strange because of that, or because of my pronunciation...
Some residents couldn't understand how important it is for us to separate garbege and recyclable wastes.
The garbege in the recyclable waste container had rotted and attracted flies.
One of the apertment's mentenace personnel came to fix the problem promptly.
My hobbies are playing teniss, listening music and spekaing english in a compettition debate.
If I had a lot of money, I would treavel to an other country for the summer. ^ ^
Polamalu tackled by hai
Taiyaki is a Japanese famouse confectionary.
I want to eat something delicious, something yummy, something that will be a real pleasure, maybe Chinese food, maybe Japanese food or maybe other ajian food!!
Since they knew I love raggae music, they took me to a raggae bar.
Every time when a disaster happenes, many politicians would asumed each other for it. However, they do nothing about it
He told me he was surprised with his docto's comment.
The humster arrived at my house in a sealed box.
I thought chewchan was a male. My freind didn't tell me otherwise.
He is [He's] one of my best firends.
Here/ This is a kind of radito program that he made.
Outside is heavy snowing, although it is just biginning of December.
and I prefer to see a varioty of clouds in the blue sky.
I wolud like to master English. My dream is to see movies in English without subtitles and make many friends with foriegners.
I wanted to buy an Amerca brand, but they didn't have any.
I haven't used Dreamweaver for half a year, so it was hard to remenber how to use it.
However At the office, I can't talk to anyone in English on Skpe.
Besideds, when I get to my house for the work, it is already midnight in the United States.
I'm srue my speking level has been going down....
Even though I know I paid a lot of money to take the class, after I lose interest in studying at school, I don't feel like going to scholl at all.
Although it seems like a kind of poison, alcohol has to be a midicine.
Some people belive that drinking alcohol is not good for their health.
According to an health resarch istitute, drinking has a positive effect on health.
My parents and my granma were disapointed in my failure.
I am very worrid.
There will fewer friends in the univeristy, because some of them have alreay grauated.
Thank you for reading my journer.
I travled to the western part of Korea, Kanghwa Island last weekend.
I'm just a little nervors.
My neighbor Department's peaple went on a business trip today,
So My Department's peaple have a little free time.
I'm helpless from secon smoking.
It was difficult to understand what they said because they were speking English with a British accent.
Today I'm talking about an Itarian restaurant.......
I went to Saizeriya, an Itarian restaurant, with my friends, do you know it?
It's very cheap and dericious. For example, Milan style doria is only 299 yen (maybe about 3 $)! Almost all dishes are less than 500 yen!
I think Shogaki, the president of Saizeriya, is very clever becouse he always tries to keep the prices down and make the food more dericious.
He has his own farms and grows vegitables they use.
Besides, from the farm to each restaurants, the vegitables are kept at4 degrees becouse the vegitables canretain theirfreshness in 4 degrees.
He tries so many things to serve cheap dishes and be more dericious!
I am thinkng about giving her a hand blender
I didin't know why, so we stopped eating, and I tried to make her sleep.
I listend to his newest album 'the pursuit' many times.
We drank a lot of alcohole, talked, and danced!!!
His work requires him to stand up for long periods and carry heavy water-filled pots from the sink to the gas oven many times a day to prepare for the restaurant opend.
The next day, he enterd a smaller hospital.
Also I want to increase my English vocablary.
I usuallly go to the school 20 minutes or so before the class starts.
But these days, I feel relaxed and mannage to communicate with them.
My doughyer's graduation ceremony from university was postponed.
We enjoyed talking, having some snacks and drinks while lauthing out a lot.
Soy bean milk is not only water but also it's useful for your body because it can help to reduce a colateral in the blood, reduce the risk of cancer, reduce the risk of heart disease.
I will go to the shopping mall because it is coller than my room.
I talked with an American guy and a philipina whom I met here on Lang-8 using Skype yesterday.
But the citizens (residents?) didn't want to abondon the school.
The school parking lot is filled with cars decolated with a Kei-on character.
Luckly my mom lives near the place, so I parked my car, went down to the river bank and spread a tarp over a good spot.
Befire I send an e-mail we have to show my e-mail draft to our boss to check it.
He told me there were two verbs in my sentense.
Anyway I still want to make full use of this website and keep practicing wirting here.
Tempureture wasn't so high, but it was very humid.
Certainly, it is very dengerous,
because Japan rely on nuclear power for many part of electric suply.
So younger peopole in Japan should have more interest in these problem or
What do you think about a nucler poower plant?
I must sutudy English harder!!
If I could play on his theam with him, I would assist him.
I recived the glasses from there.
We used to studay at the same school together for a long time. She is two years older than me.
So I that's how I apented my time in the afternoon today.
I am going to write my dialy in English to practice my skills
The title is ``CASE CLOSED``, which is a japanease story.
The true love between a vampire and a human really moves me and I always look forward to watching the ``New monn``.
So I decided to read the book, but its contents are a little defferent from the movie.
I found it in two articles, but each sentence is defferent from the other one, so I can't understand how to use it exactly.
I wondered whether or not I should write about it, but I decied to do so because I just want someone to listen to it.
I coudn't catch what he said completely, but he told another person with a laugh, ``Wow, someone is talking Japanese!``
I earn my pockt money by doing part-time jobs.
So I will write my diary with ``Look`` or ``Look like`` as I leared them.
Shihomu, my freind from Japan, even told me ``I thought you looked Japanese when I first saw you``
I want more time to practice skeatboard. (whoops!)
Hellow. My name is Kim Dong Hyuk.
However, I don't like Harry Poter.
I think Harry Poter is childlish.
I feel like many reports and presentations are just wating for me.
An exhibition of the works of Fernando Botero has been on view there since Julyl.
The first exhibition I volunteerly went to in order to appreciate art works, other than a mandatory school field trip, was in 1999.
In addition, there was the argument ``after the plan, Korean casinos will go bankrapt, and Koreans will be jobless because 70% of the casinos' customers are Japanese. ``
It was really fun, but I needed to get dtunk and also practice some dancing.
cours he is the most popular singer? in the world.
and thanks a lot that you tought me anything.
I like watching movies, especially movies like ``THE DEVIL wears PURADA``.
many foreiners know very difficult kanji, including some of the ones even most of the japanese wouldn't know.
I fell asleep twise or more in an hour.
2: To remove the strong bitterness, boil them or put them in cold water for 10 minites.
I seasoned them with solt and papper.
It is a rental apartment, the rent of wich is over 1000 dollars per month.
I never think that let it snow in my reagion, but it makes me smile.
I saw the rainbow on tha way to the English speaking society at 5: 30 p. m. yesterday.
Please correct some sentense.
She grew more than I expected becaouse she is a mix of
givern: In ancient times, Rome governed all the known world.
bend: I will not bend my oppinion even though all the people here oppose it.
LOL, I was the superman of the monent!
and creat a sustainable future on its own accord.
Hi, it's my first text on this page ang I hope that this page will help me by improving my English.
You must control the robot arm with the two bottons: ``forward``, ``rightward`` on the control panel.
I'm so hanppy have this platform that I can learn language on. My English is not good, so I want have other people help me. I can teach you Chinese, and we kan help each other.
Since Presient Obama seems to be loosing his ``magic touch/ magical powers,`` I am not surprised by the outcome.
But I think this music clip is good entertainment and a song that gives me the impression ``This is Michal Jackson``.
according to yestoday `s translation, boss corrected them himself and praided me for a good job.
But, I can't write natural sentences in English or speake English well.
Englis as a second language
Frustration is always followed by the goal to be perfect, perticuarly in learning a language where there is no end in this field.
Astronomical sums of moeny has been invested on English education in Korea.
I dont 't have the instict or the intuition for the English language. ``
I guess that's because I haven't had much (a lot of) oppourtunities to make small talk.
my hoby is sports and I love many spors so I'm massule.
Oppps, I'm a Korean guy.
We count nunmers starting from the number one and the person who says the number thirtywill be the loser.
Recently, I'm lerning not only jazz, but also hip-hop and rock.
I will stady English everyday hard!
I registerd at this site immediately.
First, I made Korean soup which is for birthday soup. Today was not anyone's birthday thoug, but it tastes great!!
I dicided to practice English writing in this site from today on.
so I decided to take a bike ride with my frind
but when I went to pick up my frind
it was still rainning,
Now it's suuny again,
Would you help proofread these sentense?
I bought stickers-thiese are for you!
By the way, the 31st of October is Helloween ~!!
If you have free time, I would like to exchange Helloween goods.
For example, people used to live in Japanese-style homes, but with the modernization of buildings, these types of structures are becominng things of the past.
The vast amount of vocabulary is making me confused and frusted.
Do you relize my weaknesses in my journals?
At first I couldn't believe wheter or not the news was true.
this weather makes me really dipressed!!!
the internet, junk punkfood and smoking have been my life.
Her strongest point was that I ruin my health by not eating eggs and dairy products but when my brother empoisons himself it's something where nobody could do anything about it.
She is just too stubburn, but so am I...
I think I made mistaked all the exercises and I'm going to get 3 (a really bad mark D:).
Of course, there are people who are very frank and never diploomat.
If you have an opposing veiwpoints or any advice, please tell me. (^ ^)
I like to play guitar and sing, but I can't practice all the time because I work in System of enginering.
I made chicken kutlet for lunch today.
Today, I am going to tell you how to make healthy chicken kutlet!
Today's lunch was very yammy.
One more thing, Februry second is Ezaki-san's birthday.
I wasn `t able to focus during the lisning part, I don` t think I will get a good score.
Resently, after I get home, almost all of the things I do are doable while sitting.
I know exercise keeps not only my body sharp but olso my mind.
I had studied English to enter coullege, but my English is poor.
I will wash it untll noon.
We would like to hand our property ``chilren's songs`` down to the next generation.
However I tjink they are more attractive than Tokyo.
Anyway, we enjoyed the beatifully displayeddishes and scenery of the countryside.
He might be straved!
The A-course (which we oderded)
Grilled octpuses with herb.
Avogado and fruit cock-tail.
especially new recuits who recently graduated from college.
I'm lokking forward to it!!!
In the nersery my three-year-old daughter goes to, teachers choose an elder child as a partner for each young kid.
No food, no erectric, no gasorine...
I'm here; becouse, my English is not so good..
Actually, in my dayly life I don't have to use English; but, my father lives in California, so I want to work on my English.
Anyone, please help me and be my freiends.
It is for my illustation project and the other style is like a manga for bussiness on a web gallery.
I will have a lof of pictures to show you..
I have to wake up early becuase of the heavy load of my job.
Because I sit a lot in front of my desk, I go out for lunch with collegues whenever I can.
I enjoy working and I always appreicate the opportunity to work with
I don't eat a lot becuae I am supposely on a diet, although the diet seems to never really succeed.
If you meet people you have bae memories of, and you have not kept in touch for years,
My favorite English words are ``lovely`` and ``briliant`` because I like the ``L`` sound.
Sometimes I have to write business sentense in English, but I don't have the confidence that it would be written correctly.
However, I can manage to communicate, so no noone tell me whether the sentence is correct English or not.
When I was a colledge student, I majored in Danish language and society.
Japanese has only 5 vowels so 17 vowels is a surpriring amount.
In the end, my father was able to arrive at the hospitl in time to be present for my birth.
I won't forget white paudry sands, parm trees, cool breezes, and the beauteful light emerald green sea.
I woke up this morning with a little sfuffed nose...
one of my friends to explain this something to me, she told me that she also didnn't understand it
I wached the last season yesterday.
(It's called ``Doyou ushinohi``) Howevey I lack momey to buy it.
They are a little bit expensible for me....
And I know they are disgausted by that.
Well, when you were a little toddler, you problaby watched some cartoons on the telly.
I'm confident I'll pass IELTS because you have taught me aussei English so I'll study harder than you to speak english well.
I enjoed chatting with my friends in my colledge.
I felt flight attendants are very tactiful.
As such, I feel so stressed out affter school.
Affter studying about 30 minutes I start to feel sleepy.
so effectly!
Today I whatched an ice cream truck pass my house. (Totonto Lake Shore west)
I know that sometimes they don't ship an item with insurance or traking number.
I sent a masaage to the seller.
Today, while I was taking the bus to the place where I study Japanese at, I saw somone offering their seat to an elderly person.
Coincidently, there was an elderly person standing next to me.
By the way, I work for the company in Tokyo and our headquaters is in the United states.
Gramatically, is it a conjunction?
Yappie!!
Vocabs:
I don't like raiy days.
In this photo the Yukata features ``Pika-chu``, and is designed for the children.
I recognized abdominal walls, that were cutted open and the bowels came out.
To be surprised, she told me that many peoples was arrested by false charge and killed in the cummnunism age.
Cherry blossms
Another friend is taking matenity leave.
She is looking for an interesting job and appling to many companies.
I've decided to try writting a diary in english from now on.
These thesedays, I really want to make freindship with people from other countries.
I've gotten talking out of the way, I want to leran english, and make forein friends.
I'm going to give a Farawell party tomorrow.
I choiced the Dopamine key chain!
This trip will help me forget about everything that hapen at work.
For example, He alwasys smoked in the living room even though I told him that I'm a nonsmoker and I told him to somke outside.
A Japanese person posted a comment in Japanese which basically said ``I think your journal is very nice, but I can't understand why people made so many corretions to your journal.
When it comes to crimes, I think mass media play an important role to inform citizens of what's happening on a natonwide level in terms of violent crime.
Koyasan is very famous as a place of a type of Butism, called SHINGONSYU.
I invited my foregin friends to my town.
My dream is to run a youth hostel in my town and I hope that many foregin people will visit my home town.
How to defind far and near?
It was a chllange, my mom wanted to watch TV and write somthing down at the same time.
The eyeballs can't balance as well as uaual.
People always say: 'The eyes are the winodw of the soul'.
In 2007, I went to America for 2 weaks by myself.
Maybe I don't need a boyfriend. I hate the idea of marride.
My fater and my mother don't like each other. Persoanlly, they affect my opinion about marriage.
Some day I will change them to a ceramic and prastic mixture later.
... more and more companies tend to value thier employees 'abilities or personalities over their academic qualifications.
Just taking classess then graduating would not help themgain knowledge and improve their skills.
Therefore, In my opinion salary should be paid for the results of daily work such as: one's perfomance and the amount of benefit they have brought to thier workplaces.
So residents are required to help each other and participant in comittee.
There are many comittee, such as the Representive Committee, the Bath Committee, and the Welfare Committee.
The members of the comittee are engineering students, but they are amateurs.
Because of that, sometimes they can't deal with problems, and then the internect connection is cut.
Unforunately, some members of the Netwokr comittee graduated last month.
Disconnections from the Internet have happend more than ever this month.
I tied it with a ribbon and painted it penk.
Therefore I ate a salad so as not to skimp on vegitable.
I can't give up on comunicate with him and all English speaking people yet.
It's also a good experience which can arouse my interet in languages and at the same time help other people. (interest was misspelt)
I am willing to correct those articles in Traditonal Chinese but Simplified Chinese seems to prevail. (Traditional was misspelt)
Although the grammer and usages are the same, I am wondering if my corrections are easily understood.
because I want to speak English for Bussines.
I organise a loudrock comunity website in Japan.
So I'm not familier with programing.
And there were lots of custmers!:D hehe
Every custmer seemed to love our shop!:)
Oh, thank you God, You saved me. ``Right after expressing my thankness to God, I fell on the ground again.
I still remenber that.
Seems I was ready not to belive anybody and anything what might happen on this day.
We also call that twelve yeaes ``one period``.
And if you were born in the year when the anymal symbol was a rabbit, you are called a rabbit person.
If you want to kown more, please write to me.
People want thier lives to be special and want to live differently than others.
her hasbund is cool and a kind man.
How to remmenber more words and ues them correctly
Altough I don't think that learning history was the waste of my life, I should have majored in English.
I know that she particulary likes Japanese chocolates.
My wife hasbeen having a child-care leave, but she went back to her job in Fevruary, so we have had less time to take care of children than before.
Now that I have completed some my tasks, I wish I could come to wirte my journal and proofread my Lang8 friends 'journal like before.
Apparently I threw it away when I was sleeping uncomfotable because I had a stuffy nose.
This spring, Japan is very hot in comperison with last year.
It iwas because one of the students had complained to me about the content and direction of my class.
Maybe it's their culture, so if you want to go to Hong Knog then you had better not mind it.
Yesterday, the minister announcemented that maybe a blackout will occur.
When I'm at work there is not much to do so I pick up my notebook and start practicing my hiragana/ katakana. I hope that someday I can be good so that I can go to Japan to sharpen my skills. My life dream is to become an internacional businessman and to be working all over the world, but right now it seems like such a dream. So much like a dream that I often feld down and surpassed for such a dream I have. So getting back to the main point, after I finished my work at my father's place I took my computer and watched some anime.
Also, if you are learning Korean, let's be freind with each other.
Prease tell me your answer.
In Japane most people are punctual and honest.
I also want to watch a bsseball game at Yankee Stadium since I am a big fan of baseball.
Even if my brain was not totaly in its place, I was still able to do a 20 Japanese character study instead of the required 30.
Cororado Rapids won their first title of the MLS on the same day.
The audience at Nagoya was comprised of 12650 spectators, and Cororado had 21700 spectators.
I study Italian too, I feel this language fresh because I have studied Italian since three manths ago.
This is the fiest entry of my diary.
``Do you speek English?``
Thanks to evryone who edits this.
I finished reading ``How Sratbucks Saved My Life`` today.
He started cleaning the store toilet and bagan to learn valuable things through his job, and he finally found his true happiness in his new job and unfamillier environment.
Good feedback helps students to implove.
How diffrent are feedback and assessment in English?
As you might know, it's not as easy as it seems to keep writing diary entries continously.
But in these free days I had also done hard for my English, even some of the days I had to perpare to my exams.
Did I just make an execuse not to do something?
I'm a bit hangry.
I did not arrange a costom for the party.
But, I am double majoring in mecanical
(I think it should be English literature or English educatinal, right?)
Look at this crip, please:D
My father is motherate. He is not so agreeable.
My littel brother is active. He likes playing soccer.
Blue tincture cartain are popular.
I teach Physics, Ana teaches Japanese, Ega teaches Indonese, and Yanti teaches Music.
At the benning of February, some friends of mine also came to visit Tanzania, and we traveled Zanzibar island, which is the best place in Tanzania to rest (or relax).
So I decided to use my vacaton (only 5days including Sat and Sun.) for English lessons!
Since I couldn't understand anything, I don't know waht should I do during class.
Someday I want to taravel around the world.
I stayed at home with my nephews, and one of my nephews used my telephone to record the vedio.
Since I want to be an exchange student in Swiden, I must improve my spkoen English.
This afternoon, I used a subway to go to the cener of my city.
I wonder if public manners for young girils are chainging.
I live in the dorm and I have four roommea.
It takes about 20 minnutues by car.
Therfore, I have to ask someone who has car to take us to the grocery store if we need some fresh produce (another word for vegitables, fruits and the such) or meat.
His concert was very fun, we enjyoed listening to his songs.
Also, we ate a many kinds of food, for example yakisoba, tamasen, bananas coverd with chocolate, etc.
We enjyoed the school festival.
Becouse I mainly like Rock music.
Let's go to the movie theater ``
And for just 30 minuits.
Well, I don't get tooo much, but it's stil a good deal:D
I didn't execise last week since my job training.
It is straight and has wide a sidewalk, then I saw some people who enjoyed walking or ranning with their dogs.
Birds were singing and frowers bloomed with morning dew.
I've been reading the wizeard of Oz.
Does it mean that Dorythy finally caught Toto?
I got myself into net surfine.
I hate people who laugh at others who are trying to achive something difficult ``.
Although my Enlish course has ended a long time ago, I didn't want to stop learning it.
he really nice sometimes when I have a proble I really like to ask him about it because he can help me solve the problem.
I looked youtube for a long time about the animail and fish and I felt happy watching it.
Now, mobiel-sites are important for E-commerce in Japan.
Leraning another language is difficult for me.
So I studied English for three or four hours a day since I started lerning English.
Competing with each other and achieving goals together will shapen/ shape their skills and bring beneficial effects to their learning.
Generally, it appears that online learning is more advanced and a fuitful tool for studying.
Istanbul is split by the Bospurs.
Recentry, I have neglected studying.
Tset week
However I wiil go there someday!
I studied how to anwser CET-6 questions lately and came to realize that English is a more subtle language than I ever imagined ~ ^_ ^ ~
She said ``Just listening or writing woun't work.
I'm writting this with a dictionary, but I wish I could write without it!
Yesterday, I tried making silver juwel from silver clay.
The game remainded scoreless for 90 minutes and went into 30 minutes overtime.
Japan finally scored a goal with a beutiful shot to end the overtime and won the game.
I'm a big fan of soccer, and I belonged to a succoer club all the way from elementary school to high school.
Japan is now the chanmpion of Asia.
After coming to Singapore, I have been lonly becase have no friends in Singapore. Praying everyday was getting hader but I realized the heart of the Lord.
Nowadays, since Kaiten-Zushi are spread all over Japan, we can eat Nigiri-Zushi at a rasonable price.
There was a terrible traffice jam.
Moskow very nice city, but here derty air, therefore in future I want live in the country or abroad.
I thought it would be a nice opportunity to improve my English writing skills and make good freinds.
But Karina, the Arina's friend, was even more cute and beautifull to me!
That evening, Kostia didn't succeed with his beloved Arina, unfortunatelly, he was too shy and confused.
I will try to introduce you to the story of AVATAR briefly tommorow.
I'm a happy gril, because there are many kind and good people around me.
Today, I was a cuple of minutes late to school because I got up later than usual.
I have started to write a dialy in english.
Last month I took the ``Toulism English Proficiency Test`` and passed it!
We can go anywere without a car.
Ironically a big amoung of money kept in the bank accounts are pulled back into society again by the cheaters (OR swindlers).
After I graduated from the university as a matematician, I decided to change my life and now I am doing my best to become a student of Prague University I next year.
I will try to keep writing this daiary using a lot of words in the future.
It was heavy, even without french fries. The double-decker humburger was enough to fill my stomach till the evening.
Perhaps people find that it's more healthy to eat natrue food and keep a healty lifestyle rather than eating processed health food and using health-related products so that they are no longer going to buy any health-related products.
So I like to communicate with people;-) I'm a pscifist, open-minded, friendly and unique.
I'm person who loves nature and helth.
My daugher is two years old.
I took so much time to find the apporriate word, sometimes without ever even finding it.
It is a costom that we go back to our parents 'home for New Years in Japan.
becouse I had a test in Chinese.
Fortuneately, the weaher was also fantastic!
I'm going to go to a drinkng party today.
We chose one and wrote the resume while imageing if I applied for the job.
But I want to be an early bird so I'm tring to wake up earlier than usual (although I couldn't make it this morning).
I thought Puff Diddy (Do you call him that?
He is going to try out for a team for the firt time.
The eaxms are held in November.
Hallo, welcom to my home in lang-8. First of all, I will introduce myself. I am a 21 year old Chinese university syudent.
(Such as in) words or grammer and so on. I will thank you very much.
English is so duiffcul.
English is that I do not know how to remeber new grammar and
But it feels very confortable for me.
In my laiziness, I only watched funny films and cartoons,
I bet you will get a lot of chocolete from your students.
A clock, a cute notebook, a big mirror, a keyholdar, hair accessories and an English language picture book!
I've been playing a game made by another country recenty.
But I haven't improved my speaking or writting yet.
But I had to cancele my trip because of Swine Flu.
This is his diagnsis.
The first day of languege school
I think mastering our mother tongue is compeleted when we are very young.
Of couse we wouldn't have had such a big vocabulary back then.
Have you ever been confused about using prepostion?
Maybe you already knew what prepostion you shoud put in a sentence much earlier than you can remember.
we satyed for a long time.
Brain excacize for me, lolz:)
My second step is to look for internet webcite that easlily teaches writting English dairies.
Last Saturday I went to the beach called ``The Beautiful Bay.`` The sea was really beatuful.
Lisening to the sound of the waves.
Unfortuately, the Beautiful Bay will not be accessible to everyone anymore, because it was costucted by the hotel.
The beach will blong only to the hotel owner.
The beatiful sea will disapper.
He was paying attention to the cars but he wasn't watching out for taht bikes and then he was across there was a loud sound from the honking horns.
On the other hand, compared to him, Novirzki is not as speedy as Rose, but his fadeaway shot where he shoots while jumping backwards is unstoppable.
I am dezzy and I feel down.
I often say ``parden, please?``
Now I'm studying English vocabulary, but I can't memorize anything becouse I immediately become sleepy.
I think that using preposion is difficult.
I work at a conviniene store near my house, on Saturday and Sunday.
Many people come in who behave deifferently.
That is one of the reasen I work there.
I stopped writting my diary for a few months.
But I deceid to start writing on lang-8 every day.
In fact, I wanted to watch 'Avator', but it wasn't in theaters anymore.
Guys, today is Chrismas day, merry Chrismas day, a happyday, enjoy it.
It is called ``Gay regeree``.
I couldn't help laghing when I first saw this.
Friend's fathere: ``What is your name?``
I was very surprised. Lol. My friend's father was a gentleman like buritish nobles.
Last night I ate my favorite foods which are sashimi and BBQ. (r)
I thought that learning Japanese is so difficult for native English speakers but as I read their nornal, I thought they have seriously been learning Japanese.
Then, she emaild me back in response.
I have been living in Los Angeles for three months alredy,
but my English is stil poore.
The writer is a Pcycologist, he tried to explain about happiness and good life.
He wrote the Bhuddhism way and how to take on the meditation, he told that the Bhuddhist need the faith to keep meditating.
I think that most English learners dislike grammar which is essential for study and to understand well when speaking English fluentry.
I have alredy noticed the reason why Japanese people aren't eager to speak Englsh in front of Native Speakers.
It's been almost two and half years since I moved to Okinwa.
One of the things is MOAI which is similar to privatized insurance coverage sistem in other countries but somewhat different.
I pepared to leave for the station and slipped my shoes on in a hurry.
Even being happy only for today is not always so easy, so how can we be sure we would be happy tommorow or even in the future?
He tought me some English words today.
``Consult dictionary`` is just sirious.
I would like to talk to him using the word that he tought me today.
I have looked up the word, you tought, in the dictionary.
Of couse I went to vote for the mayoral election.
At night, the next-door neighbor was always annoying me because he played games with his freinds so it was annoying but he disapeared recently.
My firrst writing
famous as the place name of a certain Japanese rigion since the beginning of the Kamakura era.
I'm a university student in Japan and want to major in controll theory.
On certain web pages that we can talk using each others language, I liked textchatting with English speakers.
If you have any good ideas can you recomend something to me.
Hello, my woderful friends. I saw my friend on MSN and she asked me to go somewhere with her. I think she wants to go to the club.
But envidences proved that I was wrong since most Singaporeans can speak mandarin.
In our school, it's very common that Singaporaens hang out with Singaporeans, Indonesians (stay) with Indonesians, and Vietnamese (play) with Vietnamese.
And we are trying to figure out the most efficient motheds to improve our speaking.
SO, good lcuk for us.
'' The time when you think it's late is perpect time to do it. 'and''The man without motivation is not different from dead body.''
Right now, I'm going to my parent's house to join an oister party!
But I hardly speak or hear english, and I am not good at readig or writing.
Fortunately there is a box office or ticket outlet in my neighborhood, and it's so close that it only takes me 5 minites to walk there.
Even thogh it was quite late at night, we discussed lots of things such as religeon, our national spirit, and ourselves as well.
Hi everone!
We bow to our ansestors with the foods arranged on the table.
My favorit story is ``A Study in Scarlet``.
I was surprised holmes `s reasoning skill.
I never thought terrorist suicide attacks were happned in the US.
The terrorist turned airplanes into misiles and destroyed not only the world trade center but also other important American facilities.
I think the most difficult thing about English for most Japanese is pronounsiation.
We Japanese start to study English from Junnior high school (when we're 12 years old, but now it can start even earlier)
because actual native speakers can't understand badly pronpunce English like I do...
The difference between 'wrong' and 'long' is the pronounciation of the first syllable.
I read books about some schoolor's theories and tried to understand the rules,
``When you pronounce' th ', your tangue must be between your theeth`` something like that.
I actually struggled to find a correspondence spelling and pronounciation.
She corrected me and tought me English and that was what I really wanted.
My grammar is bad so my artical is terrible.
My English teacher always wants me to write an Eanglish composition, but I am scared about it.
My favorite foods are cabbege and cheese.
if you want to write a Japanese message, you will send a message or coments.
memorie of a Trip.
It says that this color gives impresson of cowardance.
They are very beatiful. I `ve never been able to part with those cards.
But I have started to enjoy London life recentlly.
So I started teaching English to young children and then adolscents and finally I learnt more about English grammar and became better acquainted with it
I have been thinking wheather I should buy an ipod-touch or ipod-classic since yesterday.
Even so, Those gadgets looks convinient and usufull.
Sudeenly, She was silent.
My seat is a right under the air-conditoner.
I have a medical test tommorow.
but here was my weeked I did not study hard.
We wanted to speack to them, but we couldn't because we couldn't speak English well!
Hahaha, I've just watched the first episod of ``Primeval``.
I have trobled with English.
I can read and understand English sentences, though sometimes inperfect.
I want native speakers and anyone who is lerning a foreign language to teach me.
I often hear that English is the most important language of all who want to succed in the world.
I'm wery sad.
The other day, I was watching a variey show on TV and an Australian comedian said this.
and if we worship him, he will give us happenese and let us go to heaven after death
I am off today fortunetaly, so I will be watching TV, internet surfing, and so forth.
But I can't sleep until I finish writing my ent........
In addition, I want to speake to people all around the world and work in America.
Of cource, it's good for my health.
I eat it evry morning with soybean flour and green tea powder.
There are many English schools online, some are American and some are Phillipinos.
I forgot where I heard about it, but acording to some sites, an average college graduate native knows more than 50000 words.
We ordered the New York and Angus steak, and both came with mashed phoato.
Since then, I can concentrate on reading the book and understand what the auther is saying clearly.
I know that listeng to English conversationsand speaking in English a lot are good ways, but I think first of all, memorizing is the best way.
could you explain about the use of 'with' in the senteces below.
I thought I could hardly sucsess.
I'll try dont to be nervous and do my bed.
I prepair for the interview from now.
I have to review excell, word and Japanese.
Which do you want to learn English or Sience?
The competition was held at the studium called Kita Yell.
I would like to ponder about this case and to hear your opinion (if only my friends didn't lose hope to read smth from me, sorry for my long break).
But we live in different cities and haven't had the oppotunity to pay each other visits very often because the distance between us is 5000 km.
About a month ago, it was announced that Doragon Quest 9 (DQ9)'s release would be postphoned.
The Next series is supposed to be reliesed by NINTENDO DS.
I was fully prepared to buy it only for the perpose of playing DQ9.
I felt very sad when SQURE-ENIX made that announcement.
There are many rumar for that on net.
I read many articals and thought about it.
In the previous series, SQURE-ENIX set up a provision/ trap agaist Majicon.
The company produced the game lik that in case the player uses Majicon.
Do you think they're real or imarginary creatures?
If god, ghosts and creater from outer space are in existance, it's only natural that vampires live somewhere.
He staied at our house for 3 months then.
His Japanese had implove a lot now.
through liqour and another people who can get rid of the stress
At one time I Thouht that people who exhaust their lives were successful.
I feel satispaction when I'm working.
People sometimes volutarily enjoy something bad.
Somehow we feel happy when they succeed in accomplishing something worthful.
I will go to Taiwan in October on bussiness.
I'm looking fowerd to going to Taiwan next month.
this is a traditional traditional festival, maybe other familise are happy and expected, but my family is not,
fundamental: I need to study the fudamentals of Japanese history.
indespensable: He is an indespensable force for our company.
splendid: Casa Roma is a splensis castle built in Tronto.
The problem is that these lifestyle changes can make people overweight easily; also people don't want to excercise.
Choicing a PC
In my new life style, I have a lot of changes conpare to before.
On the other hand, almost all cars exhaust caron dioxide.
There are too many self develope, self-motivation, or self-help books in Korea.
I ask him to let me sleep 30 more minuits, but he never does.
I've traveled to some places not only in Japna, but also to other countryies.
Last weekend my wife and I went to tennis matches for beginer mixed doubles.
It's dilicious and rare. I want to learn how to cook this kind of beef.
However, I cannot explane.
But today, I found out good website for my thinking which cannot explane right now.
Kendou is not just a sport, it is also Budou.
Kendou is similar to wieght training.
I can understend them.
I'm not good at expressing myself, I don't have any qualifications except a driver's lisence, and I have never had a special experience such as an internship or volunteering.
Since the entrance exams for univesities take place next year,
Sometimes I am tired of the piles of assighnment, but I enjoy spending a lot of time with my friends, and having high aims and good teachers.
I have desided to keep a diary in English as often as possible, so
My main dificulty is understanding spoken English.
When the groom kiised the bride many cameras flashed.
I am happy for them siecerly.
Will someone correct my grramatical mistakes after I post my articles or should I add someone as my friend first?
I found him in YouTube:) He made a parody of Mirely Cyrus's 7 days.
Although I don't study English at the univercity, I want to be able to speak English fluently.
It is derived from ``familly``
In jappan it is wintter now.
Recentry, I happened to hear very nice music.
I watchd ``Enchanted`` by disney.
Somedey, I want to fall in love with such a prince!!
I want to comunicate with a lot of people.
I'm a normal man. someone pealse help me lol
I'm in a hard situation, no, I'm in predicament now. The reason why I say so is because I found surpising stuff in my house.
I thouht he put my socks into his closet again.
Oh my godness! It was a gay magazine; I was really surpurised at it, and I was also scared of my landlord.
I'm gonna have to keep protecting my ass from now on until the date of depature to Singapore lol.
Although the vet told us flontline is working, and that we shouldn't worry, we are not happy considering our dogs 'conditions.
What I'll write is just my opinion, so even if my methods are deifferent than yours, don't worry about it.
If I wanna improve my speaking skills, I should make a certain number of sentences a day and have them crrect by native speakers.
If I wanna understand waht English speakers say, I have to read English books and I have to ask Japanese people who can speak English very well if I can't translate it.
My Recommedation Movies/ My Movie Recommendations
My friend itroduced me to this useful website.
Althought, my Japanese is not good enough to write an article.
as playing basketball, swimming, running and so on. If it was sunny, I would go fashing with my friends and swim. I think that impossible right now. wuwuwu. But I guess I can play computer games at home, hehe.
But, I want to comunication with more forighner.
The JLPT just examines the learner's kowledge.
In the Pasific seacoast region of Japan, the rainy season is from the end of May to the beginning of July.
there is a wide range of Nabe in Japan, we ate a simple kind of nabe. To make nabe; put all of the left-overs in te refridgerator (such as radish, carrot, deep-fried tofu (bean curd), mushroom, long onion and water) into the pot and cook them together.
Alpha waves have a frecuency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and of relaxed alert.
The massive production of Alpha waves in children makes them have a great learning capacity that can even permit them to attain/ achieve super-learning or acelerated learning when in a state of peace.
I respect people with a strong charectered.
Recently, she has started to make beautiful accessoiries.
She is very talanted.
I can't get up eary in the morning!
(original sentence) Odell wasn't certain of what he saw, the mbers may have been at the first and lowest step, with the all-too-formidable second step still to come.
I'm going to write about the spacecraf Hayabusa today.
The body burned, but she relesed a capsul toward the earth before she was burned.
If there werealiensin the capsul, Wewould besurprised!
Someday, I want to sing songs in other lanugage too.
This is the first time for me, writing my dialy in English.
When you are busy enough, you will forgrt what you want because you have no time.
I'm going to eat Rusian cuisine tonight.
I did 't know that early day's tango was played with flute and gitar.
Meanwhile, most of the oldershops in town don't have parkings require you topay parkings.
I have stusied english for about a year.
I sometimes import Manuka hany from New Zealand myself.
Because it is very diffrent from anything I have ever used, it is very difficult for me to use it.
I can't go home untill you give the report.
I majore in international relations.
We can't see anyone succeeding just because of his or her talents. Rather, we can see many people successed by their hard work.
We learn from pronunciation, but learning languages isn't esay.
I habve finished to read reading a book.
He then begins started to study this phenomenan.
I am contienue my English learning journey...
I was surprised at an enexpected visitor.
I relly love teaching Samulnori with traditional Korean equiment (or: instruments)
Do you think that it is too late for someone at my age to be studing?
Since the first time when I see blackberry phone, I have been totally into them, they look luxuary, and the design is stylish.
I am still concidering to buy it or not.
Althogh Samet island is not as popular as Phuket or Samui, its sea and beach looks very beutiful!
I didn `t have a fever, but I had a bit of a headahce and stomach ache.
I saw many diffalent costumes and dances.
I have been here for 3 months, and now I am iving in MELTON, which is a little bit far my college.
If there are not any dishes you want, you can order through the touch screen controler.
An increasing number of revolving sushi bars have opend recently, meaning we can eat sushi at an affordable price.
He told me to use the expressions that can be found in the dicrtionary, otherwese my English will sound strange.
Today, I began this lang-8 survice hoping to improve my English writing skills.
Time permitting, I would like to take part in advsing on the use of Japanese, and am would be very glad to get any tips on my English.
I was rised in a small village, and my father is very poor, of course so am I.
I really want to visit there again, and if I can, I will live there for sevearl years.
It was a beautiful day yasterday.
Then she disappeard with her son.
FridayIhadhis class (no comma) and I was happy on the way to school. (period) I imagined how happy (I wantto ues a similar word tohappy) I would be to see him again. (period) When I arrived in class, I said ``Hi`` to him, but he just said ``Hello`` to meas he would to a stranger.
There is no way that showing kindness, affection, and any other positive thoughts won't be appriciated.
And I saw a cafe in the movie, ``The Born ultinum``, in which the main acter is Matt Damon.
If you won 10 million dollers-the same mistake:)
To begin with, I'll do my last semister at university for graduation.
I'm sleping in until the afternoon, eating lunch with breakfast, and surfing the net until it is time to eat again. Then, I may bathe and go back to sleep.
Holiday is so boring withouth friends.
Should someone correct my writing error and fix my layzines problem?
I have two children, one is in colleage and the other is in elementary school.
What kind of peple do you like?
Thanks for reminding me; I remember those moments. They were very amaizing, life was beatiful.
I went to a shopping mall in the neighbor city to buy a Christmas gift yesterday.
plese ~ teach me English.
If you wanna learn chinse, just add me.
And because of the rain, I couldn't go very far for dining, and I could only choose the nearby restaurents.
I'm starting Lang-8 rigjht now!
My English writing skill and bocabraly are really not good enough.
The high heel is acctually not so high.
find my diary entries and recorrect them.
Actaully, I don't miss everything in Taiwan so much.
I would rather try exotic food here than Taiwese ones,
Even though he said that I had to taste some Taiwanese cuisine here, that way, I could campare what the differences between them are.
Do you have any idea what causes this defference in perception?
Nuh...
Sometimes, I see that that they are very smart, organized, and priviledged at the same time.
He told me that Americans are different from Egyption
in thier thinking and in their professional and personal lives. But this does not include all of them.
I write this entry beacuse I want Americans to tell
they spend thier vacations.
Thanks to any one will answer to me qestions.
I really like her excentlic fashinon, action, peformance, and-of course-her songs:)
I have to wash a lot of landry!
But it makes me too addictiv.
Hello! My name is Sar. I am interested in English languaga.
It seems more difficlut to make firiends with new aquintaince as we get older and older.
I `m a Junior at Hankuk University of Forign Studies.
Please correct my senntennce.
Today it is essencial to have reccomendations because the employers are too busy to receive a lot of applicants.
I don't have anything to do now, so I'm writting this journal now ~
A kind mariner adopted him and tought him how to read, write and his own interests.
This is a pictur of my dog.
Japanese usualy begin to learn English when we are primary school students or junior high school students.
He was non-Japanese and about 60 years ald.
I will send a letter to my fost family today.
I am slso excited.
I always say that I have not eanught time for to study in the night.
With Windows 7, and suport devices, you can an even better experience with Device Stage.
Put the all the ingredients in the pot, and boile them for about 15 minutes.
Put them in a plastic bag whith flour, then mix it.
Put the fried wing tips into the sause.
Its a small class, only 4 peaople.
There were small candles (on evey) table.
But, [comma] we chose a main dish for (owrselves).
need some shopping or lestting.
There is a Chinise temple (maybe a Buddhist one) near my house.
It occasionaly holds events.
What celemony is being held there?
In fact I don't know wherther or not he is my boyfriend.
When I watch the movie about Victoria in Canada, I'm amazed at the huge forests, high criffs, and the incredible view from the top of a famous mountain.
I saw many things and bought some comodities.
Ther was a TV program about pyramids.
I found TV programs about piramid on the last day of last year too.
I wandrer why there are this many ones about piramid on New Year's Day in Japan.
But, as I watched, I bacame interested in piramid gradually!
Some day, I want to go to Egypt and enter (inside of) a piramid!
It's a huge mistery!
I am going to go to Iwate tonight to see my grondmother.
Secondly, the governmewnt should take
I always order Subway's dayly recommendation.
Yesterday, I ate a BLT sandwitch.
Recently, I'm conttantly irritated.
I am very relieaved when I communicate with you through Lang 8.
I'm enjoying holydays ~
I'm reluxing during the holydays from the 13th of August.
Today I'm going to clean my room, do the loundry, wash the deshes and so on.
So, I do these things on holydays.
She did not study hard and endded up as a maid too.
hallo everyone!:)
I want to study English today little by litlle in order to study abroad in the future
I want to study languages by chatting with English speaking people through my computer and I serached website like that.
I don't like the bus becouse it is very crowded.
If I can't sit on a seat, I have to stand for fourty minutes.
However, I have only a little imformation about Mexico,
I left my work for parentally leave.
Today I saw an article that said if express tolls become free, more pepole will use cars, and as a result greenhouse gas emissions will increase.
But, I'll be larning English through Lang-8.
It's an excting spot for any Ghibli fan.
Today had many ivent!
I am redoing this bolg.
As time gose by, we'll go our own ways and become busier, but we will still remain in close touch with each other even though we are in different situations.
Strangely, I think Korean resembles Isreali in some ways because of some passion and temper.
Beacause the job notice was supposed to be annouced today.
I called asking why the notice was not announced and they said that it was delaied until next week.
I'm into blkes!
It was preasant to rige on my bike.
I rode on a bike as a child, so I have gotten used to riding, even as an adlut.
I always have to be carefull so as not to break the speed limit.
My collegue, who came to our clinic by bycycle, said that it was really tough to pump the pedals while traveling against wind, and that it took twice as long for him to arrive here and saw some people fall off onto the road.
This can sometimes be dangerous because on days when the wind is storong, we have more patients who break ther bones.
Rtythm games are similiar to learning languages because both require so much time, persistence, and unceasing effort.
Luckly, I was able to get many previous problems from my friend, and I solved about 300 problems before taking the test.
For her parents-my grandparents-we prayed in the Chion-in temple, which is the headquarters of the Zyodo sect of Buddhism.
I have to study Japanese more, not only grammer.
After that, one of my friends wanted to play a shotting game.
7/ 5 was my friend's birthday, so our friends celeblated his birthday last weekend.
that was a preatty dream. If I saw her in Bangkok what to say to her (in frist word) at first.
Korea's big hoildays
Korea's big hoildays are coming up soon.
What am I going to do for the coming hoildays?
After thses holidays are over, it seems really doomed because there are almost no holidays in 2009.
My mom came downstairs to comfirm whether I scored 71 or not.
Testerday I went to an NBA game, Toronto Raptors vs Chicago Bulls.
I like croqutte because they don't cost so much (around 10-20 yen per piece) and croqutte with brown (worcesteershire) sauce are the best with beer.
As I had not spoken English for longtime, it was difficut to speak fluentry.
I think learning anothe language is similar to playing sports.
I don't work at the moment, but I am going to look for a job which is hopefly the same job I had while working at theimport department in 5 months.
I thoght that my experience was awful, but I appriciated my friend's kindness.
She posseses a lot of talents such as teaching English. She is willing to be taught Japanese in a friendly manner...
Last week, I was a substitue.
I may get tir by the middle of the game.
And it's human nature to feel a bit uncomfortable about the unknow.
Hi!!! I'm studing the ``Media History of Japan`` at my college right now.
My other lenguage
In Spain, Spanish is the oficial lenguage but also spoken are languages such as Galician, Basque and Catalan. These three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country. I have the chance to speak some them such as Catalan, which is a Romance language derived from Latin, and is spoken in Catalonia, Levante (in the area called/ of Valencia), in the Balearic Islands, in Andorra (which is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France) and some in the Italian city called Alghero speak Catalan. It is the 75th most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak it.
And I thought the only thing that make us feel a little unhappy is that the serving fee is 10% of the price, even higher than the GST (the Tax), which was not meantion outside the restaurant.
She has been to China adn studied there for 4years.
I sometimes have difficultycorrecting students 'English compositon, so I need someone's help.
After a few years I dicided to brush up on my English.
However, after comming to the US, I feel that this is not true.
When I was a high school student, I was always cocerned about the school uniform's ugly style.
However it may be difficult for me to make my dream come ture, because I have a four month old baby...
Maybe it is a deram...
I have played the saxophone in school club activity since I was a Midlle School Student.
I want to meet her again and talk about things that have happend to each of us lately.
There are a number of runs in this ``Festa``.
Please let me know is there any rasism in your country.
I love jogging. I used to have this habit, but sundely I stopped.
It's fun, especialy for me, because I don't like to exercise at a gyn.
It's too crownd, I don't like music, and I always have an excuse not to go.
Then, I reserched this song on the Internet.
When I hear this song, I remenber her face and her singing.
``Ann and I are going to go to Chaina.``
Are these sentenses correct?
The luckist man in the world Stephen Brad Bury took the gold medal in the Salt Lake City Olympics in 2002/ 2/ 16.
My eyes are sore these thesedays.
My mother is a nurse whose job is to care for hadicap people, and her hospital has a school, a car, and a bus for them.
But, in my living country, many handicap people use pablic buses, which have lifts for wheel chairs (it's cool!!!) and some blind people go to college!!!
They can work whthout hiding thier identity, and their classmates talk to them as friends.
I volunteered at the univercity last Saturday.
Campas Tour was popular, so we incleased our tours.
Japan has very beautiful flowors in spring.
I will talk about my research for six minutes, and after there will be a Q and A sessious.
For now, I just have to study English hard in Jpan. (^ ^)/\ (^ ^)
So, we just had the Gay Parade, which is one of the gratest paredes in the world.
And you will need to know the foreingh language very good in order to understand and be understood.
On the other hand, education in your own country, for example, in Russia, is adds perspectiving too.
Russian, Literature, Physics, Chemestry, extra Chemistry and History..............
It's verry good gadget for me.
Can you corroct my sentences?
Santa clous came to the party and gave me a present.**
My teacher said that Santa Clous majored in engineering.
Are the problems which international tralvellers cause greater than the advantages they bring?
Intoduction: Travelers from other countries bring more advantages than problems.
It brings a lot of intersts to the country.
We had all inclusive, so we can eat and drink everytime for free:) Egypt is a very interesed country...
I'd like to help people trying to learn French too, that's why I find Lang-8 wonderfull.
Japan usualy hires the students as new workers until spring.
Have you ever imagined your future lover seoriously?
In the end, I couldnt even shouw my smile in front of them, and I couldn't see their smiles either.
I am extremly excited to hangout with the girls here, as a friend or more than that.
I always pazzle on choosing between ``to V`` or ``to V-ing``.
I think it's a great web site because I can partice my English here, and I hope that I can help others to learn Chinese too.
For many people, it's such a confortable temperature.
This is my frist time
However my spoken and writen English are so poor, so I am afraid to open my mouth.
I don't have a foreign friend, and there is no freigners around me. (Just space.)
What if I speak English to my friends? That's so wierd. (Space.)
Second, they may not konw what I mean because sometimes my English is not good enough for them to understand.
But some cloud was hidding it...
I learned a lot of things about shinto.
but I can increase my consentration through prayer.
It is the story about mathematicians who try to prove Fermat's unproofed theorem.
It tastes terrific and the/ it's textude is like a rice cake.
Its been alomost a month.
And elderly peaple don't feel hot very much.
Also, some elderly peaple think that cooling your body is bad for your health.
They had lots in stocks, so they wannaed sell them...
Because Dazaifu-Tenmangu is a beatiful shrine.
When we are angry, not only can we not slove the problem very well but we also make the conflict grow.
I believe my English is not good becouse I cannot use it fluently.
I made a less than delisious cake
I serch the recipe, the main crux is setting time and temperature for oven
Also, I feel glad that I'm Japanese because many people know about Japanese culture such as cortoon, and they are interested in Japan!
I often talk about Japanese anime and cortoon to them.
So, I want them to know other aspects of Japan, and I want to know cultuer of other countries!
I'm sutuding English for a college entrance exam (ination).
I'm lokking forword to receiving corrections on my journal.
AndI recepted his invitation.
I have learned never to use the webscam with stranger.
AndI delited my profile instantly.
anatano ie ni pasokan wa arimasu ka?
koro atarashii oobun wa yasui desu.
In highschool school, I fell in love with my korean history teacher, so I did well in korean history.
my family believes that everthing is influenced by the heart.
and I usally think positively and enjoy day with a smile.
I don't hink I have any....
I think that the studnets were so suprised that a beautiful woman belched..
at last, please gives advice to lovely Chirwon high school studnets.
At this time, yu don't have to be greedy. Find your own beauty, make impressive momory, and build your self confidence to challenge new things.
He lost his house and family, the only thing he has niw is a life.
I bought one easy book for biginer, but that's all I did.
Only recently was it that I dicided to study again!
When entering into a boutique or dealing with a clerk over a casher counter in a supermarket, Japanse customers do not say hello to the clerks.
(They wanted to know where the bag is available, but was dissapointed to hear that she bought it in Japan.)
For example, people who really understand mathmatics can visualise things in their brain quickly when they are working with a trigonometry.
I habe never gone abroad, so I want to travel around the world and see many places.
It is bery cold this morning.
I received a new spanis text from Japan, which is for beginers
Sometimes I ride it instand of using the bus.
As you know, the town of Iringa is pretty far from my place, so whenever I go there, I sould stay there overnight.
Soymilk tastes simipar to milk.
She said, ``I'd never done something like that such a long time,`` so hearing about it made me tuoched because I've also wanted to go to Univercity since before, but I couldn't decide what to do for it now.
My friend's talking made an immpression on me.
I have struggled with it until now because I have no confidence that bussiness couse can be useful in assisting me to find a job in New Zealand.
First, when I ask about the condition of the patiant,
Are thease correct??
What are other real English conversaion, please tell me.
For example, reflux in veins, clot in areries, venous insurficiency, or thrombus.
I heard that she bought many alchol, especially Japanese-sake when she went
I always think about it more seriously than anothers.
But I saw a diffrent fashion from conventional fashion.
From nezt week I decided to go to a community center's English club.
I really don't want to foreget English.
I'm waitting for your mail.
But here, I can say angthing I like, even throught it might be wrong.
I have writen two diaries since I have started using Lang-8.
I am a colloge stdent.
I am very outging and very willing to make friends with everyone.
If you like me, you can leav a messege for me.
I am very gratrfull to everyone who corrects my diary.
Today, I have two anouncement.
We think it will be help you with your language learning, to see the entries written by people who are lerning the same language as you.
You can custmise your home page on the ``Settings`` page.
If you are interested in gadgets and games, please contant me!
I don't know why, but we are normaly supposed to write our resume by hand in Japan.
I went to see the World Baseball Classic's final game that was against Korea at dogers Stadium yesterday.
Korea was very strong, but fainaly Japan could win.
We were realy excited and happy.
As you konw, recently more and more people have poor subhealthy, why?
She'll probably stay at my grandmom's home for a month.
Sometimes, a lot of people including my friends and associates come to my office to ask for counselling of their own proplems.
but now, we do not have much water, canned food, or lamen.
Maybe he never loved me. I sence that he doesn't takecare for me as before. A month ago, he said that we should go home together. Looking at it now, whate he said is ampety.
so I'm writing these sentense for the time being.
I mean I want to improve through conversations firsthand rather than unilately in front of screens, no matter how inaccurate the informationis compared to that of mass media.
Bean is very funny and foolsh, Rowan Atkinson is usuary a serious and calm gentleman.
The Mid-Autumsn Festival night
Novemver? December?
Unfortunately, I was using my raptop and I didn't have a mic.
even if I have no boyfriend, I wish all the grils who do have one will eventually get married.
She said, 'I promis you that I'll do my best to study hard.'
Are you satisfied with your carrer?
Because, I'm just making my carrer now.
S., I will never have a prenty of free time.
You know, it is one of the most famous universities in indea.
Which of these sentenses would/ do you use, ``Do you have a pen?`` or ``Have you got a pen?``?
When I was a juniour high school student, there was a Kendo tournament.
One day I was on the way back home in the everning.
I know some English words and grammer, so I can write English sentenses like this.
At first I want to concentrate on improving my English avility.
I want to help you improve your Japanese avility.
Now, it is rainig, again. I can't go out 'cause it is a little difficult to see the streets due to the fog.
Child education is a very usefull subject because I want be a mother.
I sent cosmetics to my friend and sent an enail to her.
If I have the ability, I'll write an essey.
In a pool, she is scared to put her face into the water. And at a park, she cannot turn the iron bar, because she is scared bending her body toward the grownd.
They were my first choice company, so I'm very dissapointed..
I'm preased to love it because I want to spesk English very well like a native speaker.
Thefore, I must study everyday, especially English.
Well I decided to take the TOEIC test for whatever reason. (Ah of course I have been studying English so that I can use English for some purposes...) I am at (the) Ohtani Univercity in Kyoto.
I want to be an emproee of that bank.
I might just not be used to this weather becuase some coworkers are wearing short sleeve shirts.
Theseday days I'm so lazy.
``keep yourrselves from Idols.``
In afternoon, we had a body-building examnation.
I really want to pass imdiately today
I tried all the rides, and I screamed something terriblle to help myself feel better.
Japan wil play the finals with South Korea at 10 a. m. tomorrow.
But recently, I enjoy learning English, because sometimes I can notice an improvement in my English, either when I talk with an English speaker, or when I watch ``TED`` (This is my favorite programme!)
If I need to make an appointment with my friend, but am not sure when he is avliable,
I wote a journal entry yesterday saying that I wished something special could happen, and there it is!
Then, I broug it to the bicycle shop to ask them to fix it today.
We have a peacefull life here, so sometimes I really want to go out and experience an exciting and unusual life, but my parents are worried about me, because they think it's better for a girl to live with her parents.
My introduciton
My hobbies are to learn languages, to speak with a lot of people via Skype, to drink at the bar with my frineds, to read books, to go abroad, and etc.
So I believe the best way to do window shopping is to bring mothing
Of cource, I want to use einglish in business.
It is not dyed, and looks healsy.
What made her look humble is defenitely the combination of damaged jeans and sneaker.
I'm always worring about that.
Before, I lived alone in a domitory of my corporation.
I brought something to cook and eat in the domitory
Now I enjoy dinner time with my famiry
``my son will start to become' homeless 'in America`` to the neighborhood.
It was very tasty, and I felt comfortabele.
But I feel like thetemperature in the library is below the freesing point.
but I think th New York is a little bit nicer than Seoul.
I shopped oline for about 1 hour, and I bought a bottle of rotion.
I gained weigt!! (T T)
My weigt....
I feel it's really hard to speak to forgin peopke in English.
I would like to say I have around several promble in my English study.
Although I spend a lot of time on it, it still seems to make no sence.
I like this period between summer and autumun best of all seasons because I feel energetic
(I mean copy and cpy that)
never mind a computer, dispite the fact that I'm already 30 years old.
If I could think in English while reading Enlish sentences, my English comprehension skill would improve rapidly.
I arraged it by adding cabbage under the pork and then putting a soft boiled egg on top of the pork.
Are the following sentences I've created gramatically correct?
I've been studing English.
Although Lewis's piano solos are somoetimes a little bit annoying,
Something truely new is often accompanied by some kind of discomort.
There are no intresting places to go for a wolk.
The first time you go there, these places seem unusually intresting.
Especiall talking with someone to gain more skill.
I want to go aroad, and make friends there!
I feel ashame and sometimes I feel hatred toward myself.
But I will give an example to you. I have a strong sence of justice!!!
I'm a little upsed by it because unlike many people my age I like going to school and I'm keen on learning new things.
what the heroine thought when she met with the vampire, Edward, impressed me so much. It's jsut like what I experienced when I was a teenager.
write in Enlish daily, and watch NHK English program.
But I overslept today, so I couldn't study Enlish.
I will have to go to bed early in oder to wake up on time.
more time to know more peaple and time for improve my english
What I try to do is to increase my vocabulary: if I run across new words, I look them up immidiately and review them before I go to bed.
From tommorw I will start studying for exams.
Firstly, I like music. My favorite artists are BUMP OF CHICKEN, Sister jet (they are a Japanese rock band), Avril Lavine, Hilary Duff, Sugar cult and so on.
It was an amazing experince.
I'm interested in English and I think Endlish is needed in the future so I'm studying English now.
And one hairdressor came to me and asked me
``just cut my friange, plase``.
After he [/ BLUE] finished cutting, I saw my face on the mirror and I was awaked by it.
I made a mistake that I deleated many songs in my I-pod...
Maybe I will have a topit to write about tomorrow.
When you come to Japan, don't foget to contact me.
Because Japanese is quite similiar to Korean.
The bullfighting is a ceremoney not just about killing a bull, but also about looking forward to a good harvest.
They looked quite mature for thier age at the entrance ceremony because they were in suits.
My university doesn't have many students but I can make friends with almost everyone and I'm looking foreward to that.
So Green tea is Ryoku Cya in Japanese.
Reducing carbon dioxsides is highlighted by TV commercials frequently.
I am also learning Thai unformally.
tommmarow is the end of my vacation,
I was walikng around Akihabara to shop in the middle of summer.
My aunt was an acadamy teacher.
It was very deilsious.
I thought it was a bit wierd because she and I were not so close as to exchange text messages with each other.
I had strained my left hund!
It was cloudy this morning, but at the scheduled time of the solar elipse, we all went to the roof of our building.
There are a lot of Japanese toys for kids, so I'll be happy if foregn people also like them.
I've had a cold and a stiffy nose for the past few days.
She saied that she really wanted to stay over at my house.
The univeristy tries to push students to communicate and use a lot of English in their studies.
It was realy realy exciting!!
Two days ago I went to Hyde Park with my classmates for a farwell party for one of them who was leaving.
Whle walking down the street, I thought I liked the atmosphere of the town.
I'd already seen the movie based on it before reading it, so I could understand the whole story even though I couldn't understand some chapters in detaily.
But I couldn `t find any place to play with my daughers because it was rainy.
We watched prerecored programs and she let me read books to her.
I'm into holoscope these days.
The victims of the tsunami and the radiation leaks are suffuring a serious shortage of food, water, medicine and proper heating.
I feel ichy.
Please check my crumsly English.
When drinking with friends I'm not well aqauinted with, I have to say '' I have to be up early for study tomorrow '', ``I left the oven on`` or ``I think my boyfriend is having an affair, so I have to go home and catch him red-handed`` (of course, last two of three are jokes) in order to interrupt a conversation and go home early.
In summer, the weather becomes hot and severe even more than usuall so we haven't got so much work to do.
It's bacause the older students attended the international conference my professor helped organize.
I alway set my alam clock.
The alam sound was set to music.
I think I have to change the alam sound to be an noying thing so it can make me get up earlier.
She bought a lot of things on the web and spent a lot of maony.
There are so many aaants in my house especially around the kitchen.
They are mostly fickle, disobedient and not smarter than dogs, and this is probably istrue.
My other firend and Iwere impressed by his comment
Arfter that, My Korean housemate came in my room and told me he had tried to make Krean food and to eat it.
It is my finnal year in the univeristy.
Both of these contry must have a lot of similar places.
So I want to go to experience and campare them personally.
Every stuedent has to hand in the report, so that it will help the students who will go job hunting next year.
I've been playing ``City vill''on Facebook.
Recentry, I don't feel well.
I think that it is important for Japanese to show 'a token of thanksness' through some ways if we receive some gifts or help.
The whole city is pluged in confusion and sadness.
It is convinience with many means of transportation.
One of my doble majors is Chinese literature so I applied to the student exchange program.
However, when I was young I also got interested inEnglish because I started listening to Pop Songs (especially rnb, hiphop:D).
However, to ME, the most important thing compared to what was said above is our relationshop!
When they are alone, they uauslly feel heart-tired.
What can I do but wish him a pleasant jourary and fly higher in the future?
They just keep making fun of me, and they don't share their work with me, but with another colleage who came here later than me.
This month, I've faced a lot of difficulties, one is about work, and another is zbout a/ the/ my relationship (actually it's also about work, because what I am going to talk about is the difficlt with dealing with colleagues, and some of them are my roomates).
In terms of the top 5 countries, the talbe shows that Japan, Australia, USA and South Korea the weremost common origins of tourists to Britain in both years.
These days, I often lisen to Arirang radio which is a Korean program in English.
The europe buildings were resplendent, elegant and spirtless as it always be.
I'm looking for goint out to dinner with her.
Some students are usually runnning around the school at that time.
But lately, I starated slow jogging for my health.
Someday I want to run in a marathone.
One day, I found this website on the komica, an ACG website, and I immeidetaly find that it's a very interesting website.
When I think about people who live far away communicating with each orther, I feel very excited.
The other smartphones are not as atrractive to me.
I went shopping to an erectric store.
I wanted a small parsonal computer.
It was very expesive.
I want (to have) a lot of mony.
The population is decreasing. More specifically, young people are leacing and the population of old people is increasing.
My wouk schedule is flexible.
I am a 23-years-old Japanese girl as I mentioned in my profile, and I mainly work as a kindergarden teacher.
After I ate the toast, I listend to music.
You can browse all of my blog in this website and I had a list of my other blog websites in blogs of this websit.
The dead lenguages
Hard schdule.
I feel I'm luckey and I want to take care of care my daily life.
We got a persent from science club!
I accidently locked myself outside my room door like an idiot.
After several afterquake, I checked the newssite to research this earthquake.
Today it raind so ~ ~ ~ ~ much.
but it raind, so I could not go out.
I am in an ELD (english langusge development) class. If my English improves, I will take some science classes. I want to go to a good university.
Some presidents runnning Gourmet site and some run SNS sites.
Reasentry, I have been bored studying English words.
Then, I thoght to study English words while reading book.
Is there a book which you can recommend for a biginer?
Do you know a book that you can recommend for a biginer?
As far as I'm concerned, English is a beautiful language but I really don't want to accept the fact that my English is really poor especially in speaking and writting.
In China, finding a good job is very harrd. It isn't as hard in New Zealand but it's still not easy.
I am not sure if they do drugs as much as a drug addic, or if they did it only once, because I heard it from someone else that I hardly know.
So I decided to ask the two guys face to face if they are drug addic or if they are dangerous because I don't want to judge them and talk behind their backs.
Today it is the birthday of my lang-8 id. I am writing this article to celebre starting my blog.
My Japanese collegues are morons, nobody can speak English well except for Seki-san.
A raccon on the balcony
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like the risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure, wich has happened before with previously developed communication methods such as the telephone.
Traveling to Busan last weekend with my friends was a really nice experience, but it was exhausing.
I want to get marrid to him and have a family.
Becides, I have to admit that I am a playful boy.
There was a idel Dell Server in my office.
Today was an ordinaly day.
I woke up and went to Univasity, worked at my part time job at Starbacks and then went back home.
I think Oden is uniqe Japnese.
It is easy to cook and an econmical meal.
The beginnig of our relationship, he made me dinner which only had some fried meat and some instant mashed potatos.
The healtiest food among what he think is healty is a subway sandwich, but I know that the white bread made out of flour isn't really healthy at least for Koreans.
My dad is librianan and always has a book for me.
How about: Face to face against Real Madrit.
congraturations!
By the way, I want to study abroard after two years, to learn Engish and different cultures. However,, I am having trouble deciding where I should go. My senior suggested I go to America or Australia. In his opinion, In America, American English is spoken and in Australia, Blitish English is spoken. I should select one of them. Where do you think I should go?
Encantado de conocerle.
Since last year, I have been studying ecinimics for a civil survice examination.
I thught that is why I can't be good at it.
Many of my friends are sending and recieving this email even now.
My father fainted on the sinkansen once.
At that time, there was a docter on the train, and was ok.
Fortunatelly, I have many an opportunity to communicate in English now that I live in Singapore.
English is vey difficult
It takes a alots of money to go Canada.
Moreover, doing churus in class makes thier relationships closer and stronger.
They would cry, geting angry, e. t. c.
Above is the picture of the city whereI live. The upperview is so beautifull!
Every summer saeson, frogs cames.
So I hope I contribute to all peaple!
I have difficulty explaing the rules in English, so you may not understand.
Students at many unicersities in Japan are requered to study a foreign language, usually English.
We succeeded in comunicate with each other because English was spoken.
Generally, each age group showed a consistant increase in literacy rates of up to 100% or almost 100%, although the level of changes were different according to each age group.
There was a dramatical change in the youngest group but the two other groups showed gradual increases too.
Yesterday, I signed up for a correspondence cource.
The cource costs about fifty thousand yen.
It's not cheap but I can pay for it by the welfare progrum which my company offered to me!
The cource will begin next month.
Tomorrow I'm gon to London for 4 weeks to study English.
If I go overseas, I would like to see more munument!
We will be going to a wedding shop beacuse my friend is getting married soon.
Fortunally, the damage to buildings was small.
It is good for learing English but it is not good if I have not bought them.
The reason is, fiest of all, that he knows a lot/ is very knowledgeable about architecture, and he is always willing to pass that on to his students.
About the Canadian International Doragon Boat Fastival.
Dragon boating first? appeared in Vancouver as a demonstraition sport at Expo 86.
The peolpe raced in their boats, using their oars to keep fish and water dragons away.
I felt English was really interestig!!
So, I wished to become a costomer service agent in an airport.
I am learnig English and Chinese now.
SINCE IM NOT INTERESTED IN LISTENING TO MUSIC, I JUST TRY TO IGNOR THEM WHEN I FOUND THEM.
IF I HAD TO DECIDE ON HIS BEST SONG AMONG ALL OF HIS BEAUTIFUL SONGS, I WOULD CHOSE ``BETTER TODAY`` WHICH I LISTEN TO INSTED OF JUSTIN BEBER WHO I LIKED BEFORE UNTIL MY FRIENDS SAID NO WAY!!!!
(I find) it is a very diffecult thing to do.
To the fact, I will get a dog in two weeek!
I am majoring in Engrish.
We entered the competition as KOF, a famous Japanese fihgting computer game, and got the third place in Beijing area.
I have not wirt on Lang-8 in 3 days.
I am proud of the workers who are warking at the nuclear power plant during this disaster
In fulushima, although they are working there without electric lights and with no
I'm a Japanese university student in Kyoto, the most histrical city in Japan. I'm majoring in cultural anthoropology.
Yestaday an accident happend on my train.
I am going to an outlet shop in Gotenba, Sizuoka prefucture today.
I had lived there untill I graduated from high school. Then I left Hokkaido after.
I have graduated from Shenyang Airspace University in July, I mayored in Japanese.
Spicy Foods& Cat's toungue
``I watched TV and learned that it's because of the tangue's movement.
They end up touching something hot with the part of the tangue which senses heat the best.
I'm very happy becuase I wanted to learn English in a more proper way.
It was ranning heavily today.
many things about my life on ranny day.
Of Ofcouse they asked us questions such as/ like ``What is life?, What is death?`` and ``What is a family?``
I like Barger King very much.
I went to Okinawa on my spling holiday with friends.
I went to a duty-free-shop, did scube diving, ate ``So-ki soba`` etc.....
During the trip, it was either rainy or crowdy.
Me llamo Tammy, escantado.
Study animetion abroad.
He is studying Japanese animetion in school.
I don't know defferent between American anime and Japanese anime.
I don't know what kind of animetion he is studying.
We had a nice conversation togher.
He looked like a fuuny and friendly guy.
My students have their entranse exam today.
Driving in America is not easy, althought the city roads are very wide.
It is very deliciace!!
I have a questin.
I'm very confising.
I'd like to speak English fluentry.
I'd also like to know how to study Japanease.
There are lots of English conversation schools in Japan, but few Japanease conversation school in America or other countries, right?
Whitch is better, an iPhone or an Android (Google) phone?
I wroked from 6am today.
One of my former classmates has become a beautiful policewomon ^ ^;
5-((), (amost all of), (the hotel rooms are reserved.
But recentry I discovered that ``Mr.
My perents like his music too, so it affects me.
I think this will be very interesing.
Today, I went to an industral festival.
It has been abour a month sinse I became a part of the company.
I enrolled at an online English school a coupple days ago.
Do you believe the price that one leson fee is 1 $ to 2 $?
An Amazing Wesite for Langauge Learners!!
Right now I've come to be albe to understand recorded voice in English, but it is still hard for me to understand what they are singing
My hobby is playing the flute in a wind orchstra.
The leading singer, whose name is Toshinobu Kubota, has an amzaing voice and is a well-known soul singer in Japan.
Simirarly, natural expressions are natural only because most native speakers regularly use them.
Learning languages, either foreign or your own mother tongue, is to acquire not only words and grammers but also different manners to perceve and represent to the world.
We stopped by an eletronic machine store where you can actually try using them.
And I registered for the class Amarican literature and so on.
When I hear the song, I cannot understand it prefectly.
But the Gelly beans are my favorite candy!
San frasisco!
I went to San Fransisco from Aug 19th to 22nd with my girl friend.
Maybe I can say this in a more buatiful way?
So I can corrent Japanese grammer.
I study Animation at univercity.
sandwish, spaghetti, Chinese food and so on.
Yesterday, I came to Totigi for work.
dismiss about fifteen thousand emplyees.
When will the deprssion end?
Thousands of people are crowded in these temprary markets.
I'm so tired, becaus today's tests were very difficult for me.
I'm so happy because there are some people who correct my Emglish.
I'm going to go to the restaurant to eat dinnar with my family.
Hello ladies and gentalmen all of my friends around the world
Whatdo you tinhk aboutwhere our God is?
Of cours Henever beat 'temples', 'shrains', churchesand moskes.
we could propose to sort out the probrem of Iranian elections.
The probrem is very diffcult because we can't understand others and can't think about others opnions.
But my sister said she can laught alone if she think of something funny.
There are variouse cakes there.
In my latest journal, I said my father's inurance expired.
He stil can have insurance from the government, which will cover the cost to some extent.
It was such a nice and exciting game, and I'll contine to practice.
I study things taht are connected to English in my university.
I'll go to Osaka by a bullut train called ``Shinkansen`` to attend a meeting with people from other companies.
I lived in Osaka for nealy six years, until 2007, so Osaka is like a second hometown.
The Palestina, of course are opposed to this establishment agreement, that they attacked the new residents, and the strife occurred.
Before it started, I was looking forwaed to it.
I attend the univercity in Nagoya.
I also study Chinese at univercity.
I whached ``Lie to me`` on DVD.
And we took a rest and ate the watermelon that was gaven to me by my brother.
Bcause the car in front of mine was very slow, I passed it at too high speed.
I'm learning Italian and inglish.
Becouse everyone at school speaks in inglish.
Is the day when I can understand English news programs without subs/ subtitles truly comming?
He has two childeren and has bought a new house.
Today, some of my classmates said they think every counry should close every nuclear power station, but I do not think so.
Although I am in New Zaeland wherethere are no nuclear power stations, I think nucler power stasion is help people a lot, for example, nucler power stations provide people with electricity, and I think that is good.
I have studied English since I was a junir high school student, but I can't write, speak, or listen to English well.
In the balcony, people are not ony able to sit on the floor but also lie down.
In the 2nd (second) floor, there are five bedrooms, two bathrooms and a large closetrooms.
But I think I perfer the clothes which suit me.
to fashion, centain styles look better on some girls than on
oters.
I like nearly all colours of clothes except red, but I don't konw why.
I also have many jewerly.
I perfer the fashy things.
So I like many kinds of jewerly.
My faviorite jewerly are earrings.
I couldn't sleep well last night becaouse I have a cough and
So I am looking foward to it a lot.
I love my grilfriend very much but she doesn't seem concerned about my feelings.
I want and need to study Engilsh.
My mom who is living in Korea is feeling sick and I'm worried about her.
Thanks for taching me correct (or proper) English!
If I keep on studying, I belive I can be better at English.
I took off my shoes at the porchI and sat at a table that is commonly seen in many Korean restaurent.
I ate Yukkegiang, a kind of soup with chopped beef.
This prebents my body to get cold.
Before their concerts, they pronounce the members of the day, and funs can choose the day of their own favorite musician acts.
I have heard that there are some funs coming to their hall not to listen to music but to watch their dance.
Befeore I came here, I thought ``If I lived in the U.
for a year, I will be a really good emglish speaker. ``But that was wrong.
I am surprised how difficult it is to learn other langages.
So I was really disapointed in myself and kind of bored with studying English.
But Lang-8 often encouraged me to study it, because I can see many people who study other langages and may have same feelings.
I really like to correct forigne people's English.
You know what, in Japan we have to follow some rules sometimes like we have to show politness to senior people, we have to use compliments a lot and it is extremely hard to be close with people who I meet for the first time...
My school is very small and almost all the studenst are Japanese or Korian.
I really want to talk with foreiners.
Most Japanese people don't know what ``premotion`` is, but we use ``shuffle`` as a Japanese word.
And English is the most popular langage.
Today, I tried to call the hospital and I was able to get an apointment.
Accutually, making holes is also boring work.
But it looks/ seems like she is looking foword to her two granddauters growing up.
and I had drank a lot of alcohole.
yet, I can't stop drinking alcohole! XD
Next time, I'll be more cautious when drinking alcohole.
Especialy, Italy.
An alternative: They emphasize that you should just reaserch and read more and more to get knowledge and experience.
Next, I deal with the bigger dishes such as a round-bottomed pan or sadad bowl.
The lover of the protagonist died because of the failure of an abortion which was not disired by her.
Moreover, the friend of the protagonist felt sad due to the lack of understanding by the adults and finally he committed suicided.
The air was freezingly cold and the sky was cristal clear.
Actaully it's not just raing...
After a few minuates, I stopped thinking, I couldn't think anymore.
Are there ramen reataurant in your country?
Today is my first day working at the new company. It is samll with only a few staff, but it is short distance from my house and new company.
I wathch the concert at church.
``Mom, What a lovery puppy she is! she is sleeping. 2
So many people say taht.
So, I've joined this portal a couple of minutes ago, and I'm kind off bummed out because I was expecting to be making friends left and right, that I'd be learning Japanese right away (that was the main purpouse of joining: to learn a bit of Japanese and to polish my English)....
Today, I went to McDonald's to sutdy with my friend.
Of course, I hope return to the level of befor the subprime loan crisis occurred.
When I talked to my American friend, I was speaking English with Jpanese words spinning in my head and they would even slip out of my mouth and cause some embrassenments.
The painting is of youroppu in the middle ages.
I don't know its valu.
I don't have much money, so I can't go so far, but at least I'll get to visit ``Amano Hashidate``, which is oen of the most beautiful sites in Japan, and means ``a bridge of the sky`` in Japanese.
I fele angry and diddont communicate with him.
He lives by himself, and I hvae a good family.
Thank you for always teaching me varius things!
I loved the senery too.
Tokyo Disney Sea has American, Arabian and Europian streets.
I especially liked the Europian street, I felt as if I were in Europe.
I had a lovery day!
The picture I drew which is shown as my image was critized by one of my friends a couple days ago.
I didn't ask further; therefore, I didn't know excactly what in the picture needed to be modified.
I took a nap in the afternoon, but afterward I didntn't feel rested, because I had several nightmares while I was asleep.
I stuggled to wake up, because I just didn't feel able to do so.
When I went to the hospital, a nource said to me, ``Please check your body temperature``, and she found my temperrature was 37. 8, so she told me not to get a medical check-up today.
I was SO HUNGRY that I even drank three glasses of kalua milk
Okey, let's start something! Get into action!
I want to improve my Englishi, so I joined this website.
I think it may be because my friend visited my home yestrday.
tenant-recident
I can't find o my favorite program because there are too many channnel.
The movie's tital is ``The World of GOLDEN EGGS``.
It's becauce I could finish my job within the day.
What is worse, ``Dressmaking/ Needleword/ Knitting`` was selected by only 9% of them, which was a smaller percentage than people aged 25-29 (14%) and people over 60 (27%).
She smiled and aske me, ``Why did you choose me?``
ooOoooo ~ ~ It `s too late to write an entry now, but I will write very beiftly.
We stood in a long line under the white snow because my son wanted to eat in a small reataurant.
The cat lets them get on itself and geso to look for Mei, and they are able to find her.
I feel pretty prussure because I can't do better than other students can.
because, untill yesterday we donated our holiday for working on the final work...
I can't image my driving an erectric vehicle, but the development of the technology is tremendous.
Studying aburoad is my important dream.
I might love her, but I hardly know about her feelings and what she is thinking about. althogh she is reallly attractive..
Therefore, we can only imagine how life must be like withot schools.
The Gandam is very big.
Althought I had class at night, I made a phone call to my friend and
then my mother took me to buy some watermether, because it is so cheap
I think the staff in this store have agood sence on how to present CDs.
There are a lot of pop up rabels that describe the cd's and the genre of music.
I met a friend who spoke fluent English, so I asked her ``Could you give me some adivice to speak English fluently?`` She siad ``Probably your English level is good but you seem to not speak English as well as you should, try talking to a native person daily.`` That was great advice for me because I was thinking of trying to talk with a native person.
Nowadays, people face a series of problems regarding the enviroment.
We uaually do the things we want to do but damage the enviroment at the same time.
It's not only for other lives in the world, but also for ourselves to live more safely and colorful.
I had a long walk, went to Freshness Burger, listend to music that I like, let my mind drift back over rundom things, and tidied my stuff a bit.
Becaus I was in a private educational institute, I couldn't see the first half.
I had tryied speaking correctly but when I did so, the words would not come out.
in it, but the pictures often come out blurredly.
Becouse she likes to play pc games,
which is the reasonable Skype English shcool?
My eyes glisted with tears.
because I have low blood pressyre and I'm senstive to the cold.
If I can pass the test, I can go abroad and get trainig, and take part in editing textbooks...
But I will go there tommorow.
I was glad to hear the forecaster say that tommorow will be sunny!
I've not been hay heyfever so I can't relate to the calamity.
4 What's defference between 'I have some questions for you' and 'I have some questions to ask you'?
We can't deny the dominance of Endland in comparision with the other nations, but we should be clear in the way we use nations 'names.
I have always thouhgt that Great Britain and England were the same, and this lack of knowledge of mine made one of my friends feel uncomfortable.
I felt very comfortable every night even though I had stayed in an 8 people domitory room.
Because he will go back to Hong Kong and will not return during the vaction.
I think it begins with nothing, then it finishes ethier with nothing.
A freaky intervirw experiencs
HR called me yesterday and asked me if I was interested in the position-maketing executive or not.
However, this company totaly dispointed me.
First, I filled out a sheet of personal information and a sheet of MERTKETING questions. Freaky qestions.
I didn't believe any marketing manager would ask the questions like that, execpt for managers in the PR.
The interviewer asked me to breif introduce myself and asked me severl questions.
So I asked how many brands they would launch and she wasn't abled to answer me.
I also asked about the location of the noew shop and she said she didn't know.
That really surpriced me because the new shop will be launched (opened) in the coming April.
So I wanted to go to Kyoto in the morning for siteseeing.
We planed to go drriving tomorrow; however a meeting time and our distination is not decided.
because everyday I think ``l 'm happy, l have all the things l wnat`` but sonetimes
So, I have to eat lunsh alone!
I have not eaten breakfirst yet.
I'm looking forward to see my lovery wife in yukata.
Becouse if I think too much, I won't be able to continue.
I am buzy, but I just have to keep trying.
We read a recpi while we cooked ``tororo-conbu-nabe``.
so my friend advicsed me to write my journal on this site.
I want to know how to use the phrase ``Get to the bottm of this.``
I will have an art class. I'm going to go to near the port, and I will paint a pecture of a fishing boat.
Yeaterday, I played soccer from early morning.
I will join a soccer tornament in November.
Pls correct my english.
I will remind you of the death of princess Diana, who died in Paris when she was followed by many paparrachi.
I don't think I didn so well. (After the test, a cinematographer came to my school and gave a lecture.
He is Korean but at the moment he lives in Japon and is studying Spanish.
Polular places for Hanami such as Ueno Koen are usually very noizy because of peple's talk, shout, song etc.
I am surprised that a lot of people are able to speak good Japanese, which is said to be the one of the most dificult languages in the world.
My dog is calld Rei.
I have had a dog for ten yaers.
My dog is sheeping on the sofa (now).
somethinf happened to me recently.
I went to a japenese food resterant with my boss yesterday.
When I go there, I usually take a motocycle.
It took nearly two hours to finish writing the essay, but I was glad I could practive making an essay.
It's the soncond Sunday of May today.
Now they're keeping that secret just between themseives; their mother does not know that it's Mother's day today.
Each ramen shop chef has his or her own (special) recipie.
Though I'm wondering if she'd (like to) eat out at Italian or French restraunt and so on.
If you have a chance to come China for busniess, you can use this good chance to taste the wonderful Chinese food.
If you also want to find learning a partern.
Anyway I had a gud day.
I have been smoking for three years. Frankly speeking I really don't know why I began to smoke. Maybe there were many troubling things (OR things that troubled me) at that time, so why I started smoking isn't important I think.
People always do sonmthing they are unlikely to do but that they must do.
I recently finished watching 1 Liter of Tears.
I've been learning jazz dancing for four years, and this year I'll try to learn yoga and velly dancing!
I made many foreign freinds this winter vacation too.
Since the neiborhood itself is very popular, the rent is very high even if quality of an apartment is low.
I prefer a comfortable apartment because I spend more time inside than in the neiborhood.
Please check my grammers.
My favorite peformer is Plushenko, because his sketing is very well and exciting.
And because now I have native speakers to speak with and practice with, even this site is one of my important reasourses. ^ ^
Sorry, I haven't posted in my dialy for two weeks.
I am an account ececutive.
Everyday I need to handle all kinds of things that are complicated and irritaing.
I think I should be more careful and deligent for work.
Most popular Chara in Japan
Beacause I'm already watching One Piece, Conan and Hajime no Ippou.
I wanted to watch them because they are so famaous.
Naruto is famaous in Japan too.
If you have not seen it, I realy reccomend it.
My main job is solvning my clients tasks by digital communication.
I make it a poin to listen to Enya's song when I am stressful.
When was casted in Japan, I was a big fan.
The Sushi he made was so delisious, and he was delighted to see the pleasant faces of those who ate his Sushi.
There are many atractions.
Speaking of atractions, some of them would scare people but they are out of order.
I'm a chiken.
We asked a peson there to take pictures of us.
perosn in the music industry.
Dubois put her girls to bed and was wating for her husband while sitting on a sofa alone with the lights turned off, when Mr.
Dubois, deeply destressed, finally said to him, ``Honey, It's already 9 o' clock. ``
I got a little cultral shock from that scene.
Taiwanes perple are very kindful.
I love Taiwan and Taiwanese perple.
I can make various pound cakes, for example, chocolate, pecannuts, banana& walnuts, raisins, and some dried fluits.
I'm a graduate student and I will graduate (from my univeristy) next spring.
I need to wait until companies start intervies again.
So, I deciede to return to where my university is located.
If someone finds any wrong sentense, please correct them.
Neighbor restaurant's menu
It is the Godzzila Rock, which is in Syari town, on the Shiretoko peninsula.
My classmates suggested we go to see the movie, 2012, to relax ourselves and relase the pressure repressed these last few weeks.
I've skipped it twice before, and if I am anbsent three times, I can't pass the exams, even if I get 100 percent.
Even watching TV was a lille bit hard.
We also decided that we would sing one Englis song together and one Japanese song, and then after we sing well, we would post it at YouTube.
Of course this is a good way, but before doing that, for people who is not confiden with their speaking like me, it's very useful to learn how to write well organized English.
I found an/ the anser this question.
Work is impotant for me because it enriches my life.
But nowdays, Japan has not any ``Dunkin' Donuts ``shops.
I thought ``Today, I won't so busy, I wiil be OK`` but unfortunately???
When I lived in a apartment, I coudn't endure staying inside all day.
In my opinion, every subject is importent.
It was so delisious that I ate too much.
She also said, ``You can never be too cereful, because you are a girl``.
My sore thorat is gradually healing.
My ankle hurt last Thursday, and I got another unknown illness last Satruday.
Do I sound a little bit mysterous?
So I was thinking, ``I definetly have to return.``
The host family was good, I thoght!
As a aaresult I played OK but my index finger was burned.
I can't wait to have the party:) and also for the holloween parade at 6 AV:)
Recentry, the custom of wearing kimono is dying, becouse many Japanese do not wear kimono anymore. So, I want to try and bring this custom back to life.
At first, it was fairly exciting so I tried to listen and undertand all the explanations.
These exams are very deifficult for me.
I remember when I was in high school, I seldom had the feeling that ``I don't know what I'm writting about`` but now I do feel unsure sometimes.
Now I'm larning English for business and communicating with foreigners.
I have a big cozy whithe bath with different kinds of foams, salts, soaps, gels and many other sweet things that are so necessary in the bathroom.
I sometimes take a bath and read a book or a magazin.
Comparing these two versions of ``Year 3000``, I definetelly like Busted's original version.
But 4 years ago, I went to Okinawa with my family and I tried snorkling for the first time.
My heart was pounding while I was snorkling.
I don't know why, but I beliebe there are many incredible creatures and I feel like I won't be able to survive if something happens to me.
I'm going to Okinawa this year again, but I will just look at the beautiful scenary.
I was quite sure he always looked down on my plan to go to Austraia to master English.
So when he called me, I was extremly happy, because I got the best opportunity to show my present situation off to the useless Japanese man.
Actually, I can't understand what native English speakers say at all yet, and my salary is quite low compared to normal Singapoerans, but I bluffed him into believing that my life became much better than I had been in Tokyo in order to keep my cheap pride.
Later I am going to eat with friends. afther that, we are going to my friend's house and to wacth movies and listen to music.
This is my first dariy in this website, and it is also the first day of 2009!
I hope I have the patience and perseversance to keep on writting daily in
So ashame!
Acutually, I'm afraid of making mistakes.
This shopping center is one of the biggiest shopping centers in Australia.
After working there, I moved (or decided to move) to Canverra, the capital of Australia.
When I worked there, I noticed that Australian people liked Estern food.
Please correct my sentece.
Flights don't movied by only one person's contribution.
He looed at his feet, there were tiny animals around them.
He was scared, he ran along the innor way.
Japanese weman are strong.
Farthermore, some adults too.
IU intended to temt (seduce) Evian.
I have a bad feeing ABOUT THE LAST NIGHT `S DREAM. It` s sort of sad, eventhough I don `t know why?
It was a jouranl about my memory of childhood (/ my childhood memory about my persimmon tree.) Bye ~ ~ Really bye!
deceive: You cannot decive me because I saw you walking in the station with your dog.
doubt: I doubt that meybe she forgot about the promise we made.
When I arrived at Osaka, it was ing rainning heavily.
Of couse, the sound was very good as well.
I just rode my bycles earlier and had a dangerous experience.
He was running away from anoher kid so he didn't see me.
They laught at me at the time, but I was able to learn.
I am shure that I will be able to learn to play the flute now.
It's so pitful.
I spent 30 minutes writing these sentenses...
we will execute to disetablish atomic energy plant ``But he did not tell a specific plan.
Is it as bad as the expression of rasing the middle finger??
My work is in acpuncture and medical massage.
I drank a lot of beer, and I became dranker.
And trying to be as naturl as children can enable us to receive as much as they do.
educatinal oppotunity have opened to more people too.
So it looks like our life as human beings is definitly becoming better and better.
We own the latest tecnological gadgets in our houses, and live with educated people in an intelligent society
I was driving near my house which is in a residencial area.
Prebably he was in a hurry, but of caurse in this area passing is prohibited because it is a school zone/ area.
That is why I write diary when I expelienced something interesting or when I have quetions.
Recently anime costume parades are very popular especially for geeks and foreing people; P
Several years ago, on Halloween day many foreing people with costumes got together on the Osaka loop line and stayed there for many hours!
It was so much fun!! But it bacame a problem and was banned the following year:(
I took a Japanese tea ceremony lesson once a week in Japan for three years befor I came here.
I sometimes want to drink green greentea here.
Plese tell me if there are any other often-used words that mean ``very good.``
Japanese marrige system
Brides and grooms simply go to city offices and turn in their marrige application form, which has the brides ', the grooms', and two wittnesses 'sigunitures.
No picture IDs are requiered to turn into the marrige applicatin form.
Someone else can go there insterd of the couple being wed.
Becouse of this system, sometimes problems arise.
When a couple goes to the city office to turen in their marrage form, they sometimes find out that one of them (or both of them) is alredy married to someone else.
When we entered, my every my tought addressed the music; so after I removed my coat quickly I began to tune myself to the track.
When I listen to this music, in particular to Marc Anthony, I be one with the melody and I feel really free, that every thing around me disappears, andthe hertbeat follows the rhythm of the music.
The line was sort of stuticky.
Mainly, a Japanese teacher taught English grammers, accents and various words (/ vocabulary).
For that reason, I have studing English for a long time, but not very well...
I would like to speake and write more like a natively.
There are many rap artists, but there is only one Eminim.
But I can't understand English grammer.
I participated in a web developer's event last Satruday.
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamilier place.
So I asked my boss to buy some vesetables for me.
Last night when I got them, I put them in the refrigerater.
What shoud I do if a rat, mistakingly eats the poison and suffering, jumps from the kitchen cabinet?
I work for the Japan's Air Self Defense Force and I operate a F-15 fighter airplane.
When I watche a TV program, I recognised the store.
I cannot stay in Kyoto untill April because of my job.
For ``Domesctic Sewage``, Salo Paulo showed the highest figure, 65%, followed by Taipei (50%) and New York (41%).
In addition, Tokyo presented ``presticides`` as the worst factor for polluting water (31%) whereas the pollutant was a much smaller factor in Sao Paulo and New York with only 9% and 6% respectively.
It `s my first time on this webside, and I don` t know how to use it in an apropriate way, but I hope that I will meet new friends and they will help me.
I would like to speak English fluently, but I do not have friends who speak English, so I have been learning English for sereral years, and still don't know enough!!!!
Usually I go to a Tully's coffe shop,
my favorite coffe is ``Today's coffe``.
Alternative: I always have a cup of delicious coffes when I go to there,
My real reason for going is not to only to drink coffe,
I have been working as a system planner in the IT devision for one year this June.
But now is the time to use IT in order to develop cloose relationship's between our stores and the customer.
We as system plannner must think to embrance social and digital media and continue to look for new ways to bridge the comfortable experience at store with the digital world.
I usualy push the reset botten each time I boot my PC.
But as I have been exposured to many kinds of English on the net,
Even though they have an Indian accent they seem to be able to both work and live in America or other English speaking countries as a member of socities.
Even though it is still late June, the air temprature became 31 degrees celcius in Tokyo today.
It is still hot and humid, but I have to go to a clinic to take a prescription for medical insulance.
My duty still continues, when I finish talking to him, I have to go to a motor bike shop to renew my bike insulance.
And my friend tought me about that/ it.
It's nice to learn new things or acquire new knowleadge.
Only four more days until I can return home and begin my summer vacation. My plan for this vacation is to join my cousion's company and do work for him for free.
I like chocolete but on not this day!!
Hello, friends and teachers, I went to university today to prepar averything before recive my cetificate.
Today we had violn class.
But the theacher keep saying, ``Hold your instruments up.``
I made tamato sauce today.
and I need you to help me to improve my english leval.
If I eat a hanburger slowly, chewing it well and tasing it, I always regret eating it.
(I'll stop complaing about it.)
I've had a lot of experionces like this and I realized that men and women can't be close friends.
Recentry, I made many kinds of breads.
When I was student, I use a lot of monet for music.
A Shiba is a type of Jananese dog. They are medium sized and very clever.
As a result, I found this website and enjoyed correcting articles written by some foreighers because I am good at it and it makes me feel good whether they thank me or not.
I am ``good at`` speaking japanese but I am ``not as good at`` spesk English.
I think it is about the guy who kept on eating only Mc Donalds Hamburgers and potetos (french fries)
And now I want a motercycle, dreaming that I get a big one and travel around the world.
Take for instance English Central: I can study listening and pronounciation on the site.
Usually, I don't say much if the atmostphere of a conversation gets stressful.
Recently I can only go to work only two days per month because I have been receiving post-surgical chemotherapy to prevent canser recurrence and metastatis. (alternative)
Though it was regrettable that I got sick, I belive my disease has helped me develop a greatness in my soul.
He'd prefer to work in Canada than Korea, because if you have good& nbsp; bilities and& nbsp; experience, you'll be able to earn more in Canada& nbsp; than in Korea.
We are going to go to Himeji catsle and some other places.
One of my friends reccomend it to me.
My Frist Time To Write A Diary In English
When I say that, people aroud me look at me surprised as if they didn't expect it comoletely and I looked odd.
We can listen to radio and do simplitic jobs and at the same time feel relaxed while listening to the radio.
But I apparently looked like I was listening to an I-pod, so most people were surprised to see me change the radio chunnel.
Of cource, I recognize that my range of vocabrary and how to express my thoughts are not strong enough.
Recently, I have had difficulty wrtiting my resume in English.
I'd like to join fittnes clubs gymnow.
This gym has a lot of foreiners, hence I'd like to join.
It was my falt, but he didn't need to get so angry.
I hope he will be transferred to another department next quater.
It's a traditional ivent for Japanese to visit their family graves.
Restart Toiret Training
One day, she was playing with her friend on the jungle gym, but her friend kept climed higher than her, so she started to cry out of frustration.
However, because she has been suffering from hemorrhoids since last month, we finally succeeded in convincing her to wear diapers to heling her buttock.
She is aways kind to me.
She is lovly.
She aways teaches me or She teaches me always.
Even though I'm Japanese I don't understand it very well ^ ^, I wonder if it's because I'm not intrested in this period so much.
It would suck to be sneezing all day when the long and cold winter has filnnaly come to an end.
I have tasts tomorrow at school.
I have to syudy tonight for tomorrow's test,
When some people find out about this, they are suprise and they think that I have a proplem.
I can learn a lot of new information from cartoons, spically if they (the cartoons) are about history.
In Japan, there is a costom to send New Year's cards to familier people.
Nowadays, I've found that people smoke in the streat.
I intend to pronounce corretion of my compositions and practice my pronunciation by native English speakers with skype.
On the other hand, 12% of the population dislke obese people, which is less than the 16% in 2003.
My husbund called out to me ``Pass the solt!``
I didn't know why he wanted salt, but I brought the solt box to him anyway.
My friend and I searched for somewhere quiet to study Chinese and Thai. We did not find a good palce, so yesterday we studied at McDonald's (?), but there was a lot of music and a lot of students doing their homwork.
I don't know why, but I know we feel good all the time and like to smile with people wheather we know them or not.
I also asked her about whether in China they have Kung Fu or not, and she laught and said that they do but it's diffirent in the movies because they can't spring up into a tree or unto a roof or anything like that.
I'm fifthteen and staying in Malaysia to study art.
Do you have any hoppies?
Do I call them ``hoppies``?
I like to choose coffee that is freshly rosted
because coffee farmers should get more imcome.
I am a person who always looks on the bright side, and am an enthusiastic self-motivater.
The issue of whether we prefer to eat at home or in restaurants has been widely debated in our community rencently.
When I was in junior high, one girl who was not my classmate came up close to me and said, ``Are you gay?`` I couldn't understand what she said at first but I replied, ``well I have a sister so you might think so.`` This is not an anwer at all but I managed to say that.
As there are no neighborhood on either side, our flat is totally open to any directions with lots of windows and every time we open all the windows, we always hear winds or breezes whistling from one to another directions.
I made miso suop and another dish.
Miso soup was a littel bit thick.
I wantded to be a chef before.
I can say from my exprience that I have carefully monitored my life
I go this course becouse tho I can read English text (not well, but well enough), and understand English speech (a bit worse than reading, but I am able too), I can't speak it!
As my college is in Kyoto, I usualy only travel within this area.
May this new year bring many oppertunities your way.
I have a running nose, but I don't want to see the doctor, because the medicine will make me more unconfortable.
I came back from my business trip last night and I jogged to the office to deal with the receipts to get compensaion now.
I often eat out at places like McDonal `s.
I have learnt from the internet and from apllications within Microsoft Windows, although I need help becouse I find English a dificult language to learn.
However, I am often told ``You look like a half-beed!`` I think it's because of my brown eye color, but I'm a full-blooded Japanese.
So here I'd like to study techical English and find new friends (fram all over the world, but it seems to be only a dream).
I only have the datebase on my PC.
I jogged on the weekend, but I think it seems to have little effect in decrese my weight.
What is culture? It's meaning is the civilization and customs of a cretain race or nation.
There is a very famous road called Savile Row in London.
I am goig shopping today, I can't waitt for that.
I was talking about names with my firend.
The conditionaer makes my difficult hair easy to comb.
Mebourne is good city to live in but I hate the weather here!
After eatting dinner I immediately got hungry again. Maybe I ate too little.
It took 60 mins to get to there, and 60 mins to get back.
I'm a Chinese girl who now lives in Austrilia.
This is my first time using this kind of website which my friend recommonded to me.
Therefore, I'd like to practice my English with you guys and also learn something about Frensh.
My granma used to say that holly ghosts protect me as my goardian and watch over me on my birthday.
I'm looking foward to coming back here again next time.
Yesterday, my syster and I went to the movie theater and saw ``Gnomeo and Juliet``.
And, the order (of parts), starting from the nearest to the barin, is the cerebrum, the brain stem (the vital center) and the spinal cord (this is the end of the central nervous system) and peripheral nervous system (the part of the nervous system below the spine).
``I read the newespaper in the web.``
And they all said that the cabbage I cooked was delicious! This is a great success! They gave me the courge to learn more about cooking.
What ruins our life is defenitely our negative thoughts.
They emerged from MySpace first, and recently they have become famous in JapanI, I think because of her cuteness and some of the songs...
* As an English major student I must learn how to understand English well, so I am reading the English book 'Blach Boy' by Richard Wright.
I couldn't understand all of the story, but I know aproximately what it's about.
I bilieve that.
I'll go to dancing lessons `again but I don't have enought money at the present moment..
French in general: it's agreed that we strike, critize, and complain too much.
I was a system enjener in Japan, but I want to find anothe intersing job here.
We delivered punches at each other, but it was only me virsus three students.
I don't usually buy imported items because they are a bit pricer than regular items, but they were on sale.
The labor force, composed of prisoners, soldiors, and workers, built the wall.
This is my first writting on Lang-8.
I just found this site accidentary, and I think it will be a lot of help to improve my English.
Recently, a friend of a friend of mine who was born in Austrailia, teaches me English on the phone.
This week is bery hard for me, because I have part time job on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, and I plan to play on Thursday, and I plan to go to Kyoto on Friday. (^ ^)* Of course, I have college classes that I must study for.
I watch SESAMI STREET podcasts on my ipod in English.
So I have to aquire the English language in order to work well.
My plan to study english is to write english compositions and watch DVDs of FRIENDS, which I heard is an intresting comedy in English, everyday.
In spring every year, Japanese hold partirs in which they welcome freshmen.
I'm afraid I lost the opportunity towork at orthopedic hospital.
I'm fed up with arguing about probleams.
I'm afraid to become audlt. <best
Its defference from the Japanese Culture.
Unfortunatley, there is no chili papper Kimbap on the long menu of this restaurant though.
He told me that the Spa is becoming popular in the Filipin.
Of course we have to feel sense of alieanaiton when we see foreigners at airports or other countries or our towns.
If you imagine your country is a samall island and English is spoken in only your country, you will see it would be a big handicap for you guys.
But foreingers have been speaking English since they were little as the publicly spoken language.
But of course they only spoke English while we were drinking, so I counld not enter the conversation.
When I had oppotunities to speak in English, my Japanese supervisor would say things like ``You said' a water 'and forgot to add's' to 'he want' ``after every one of my speeches.
We had two visiters from Vietnam at my home.
I watched the news yesterday and I heard that there are many people affcted by this influenza in the world, and also there is one person visitting Mexico and is guessed to have this disease in our country.
Actually, I'm pregnant and I'm suffering from morinig sickness, so I felt gloomy before the wedding.
We went sightseeing, had lunch and bought seefoods such as crab and flatfish there.
Please teache me what that means.
I have to get the lisence by April, so I'm learning how to drive.
I rearry enjoyed her performance.
I'm worried about getting fat because I put sugar and milk in my coffe.
I'm goint to go to my friend's wedding, and congrate her.
Rencently, I have been tired due to my work.
becouse you are Japanese you can get a higher income.
But I think going on a tirp on Christmas Day is a good idea, because you can enjoy Christmas lights in places you have never been and also sight seeing.
So I'll try it with an accompanying CD of a English diglogue textbook.
``Pirates of the Carobbean: On Stranger Tides`` was exciting, too.
So eterday I looked frearfuliy at the scales.
It's so expencive.
I have no friends to studyy English with here.
But now, he has found hisself and is reflecting on what he did.
Sports Day is going to be held at my son's preschool next nextweek.
So, prease talk with me on Skype.
Yestarday, I got/ bought a game.
If possible, I want you to correct my dialy and know about Japan or Japanese.
My dialy is mainly about my own daily happenings, Japanese news and culuture etc.
If you are intrested in that kind of japansese culture, I'll be so glad.
There are various types of Japanese 'Sake' like ``hakkaisan``, ``koshinokanbai``, ``kubota``, etc.
Freedum Day!!
Finelly, should I say anything else?
Therfore I need to achieve a score of 6. 5 or higher on IELTS
I was surprised how fast she mastered phraises I tought her.
the laidy used a marker to mark two dots on my ear, and then just used the piercing gun to poke two holes.
although it looks very painflu, it just felt a little bit itchy.
Do you know about Bobbby Valentine.
I'll stady English little by little...
They're famer.
curently they are preparing to plant rice.
It starts in the afternoon, so I'm planing to go to the library in the mornig to read a book!
I went to the libraly after the test.
I'll go to Okinawa this comming Sunday with my school friends.
He has lived in Hawai for 9 years.
The question was whether it should elimilate.
Yesterday, we had a tranlating class and it was exciting for us.
In the class, we learnd how to translate texts from English to Vietnamses and vice versa.
So far, when I read something in English, I can understand it if it is about the subjects that we have been tauch.
A patient came to my clinic 3 minuits before the end of our consultation hours.
In spite of being busier than usual, we enjoied our work.
So I would like to keep writig and speaking English.
But I thought the tiger pencil case was more cute than the lion, so I choiced the tiger.
At lunch time, I was talking with my maneger.
He said to me, ``Speaking is most important when studying Englsh.``
I'm a biginner.
But I dontn't know the difference between tacos and burritos;)
Morever, I wasn't in charge of the register today.
Learnning English on my own makes me feel that English is so hard.
As we stand in the front of the restraunt, we pick one guy every week.
But I'm a little nervours becouse of my English speaking skills.
My job is a project manager for developping web sites.
,,, to make him intersted in the Korean language.
It's raining heavily in the Nigata and Fukushima prefacture.
I was more intersted in wearing a Yukata than in seeing the fireworks.
My English teacher is a forigner.
There is big statue of DAIBUTU in TOUDAIGI-JI (temple).
It's the biggest statue of DAIBUTU in Japan.
First, I watched it in English with no subttle.
My home and car are covered with snow, and the snowscape is beutiful.
Dier friends!
The people are nice, the beaches are beautifl, and Okinawan food is awsome!
Maybe someone has to wite a long and boring essay, maybe he has to find a job, maybe he is suffering from a disease, maybet he just lost all his money...
On september I have a plane about going to Victoira, BC.
I am an easy going girl, and I `d like to having many freinds!!
Three years ago I was a menber of the fitness gim, but I resigned because of my busy job.
It was really traditional, so just a few people who are familly or relatives of the bride and groom could go inside the Jinja.
Recentlly I think about it every day.
It is a cloudy day today but the temperture is not too warm and the weather is confortable
and I'm looking forward to rhe start of the school year.
Althogh it is difficult, but I'd still like to study English.
and I beleive it will be difficult (hard).
It was a surpriese too.
He tought me that my dream will definitely come true if I don't give up.
It is aprox 10 feet tall.
I'm studying English right now and hope to aquire the skill to speak fluently with native English speakers someday.
You are my friend and I always beliving you, but now I see you lied to me!
In my textbook, it was mentioned that many people in Okinawa live untill 100 or more, is this true?
I can say my opinion in simpl words, write (with mistakes, of couse) and undestend other people when they speake, not fast though.
They should find the power to look to the future when they faild.
I was watching TV, so I fell slept in the living room whithout covering my body with my bedding.
That is why I cought a cold.
Today, I'll tell you about a famous Japanese comic called ``ONE OIECE``.
Long fligt
The novels were writte in Japanese.
Becouse I study English these days, I always read English children's books.
Tanabota probably is suppoused to be very high tonight, because on the night of July 7th, we celebrate the Tanabata Star Festival.
I went to jym after work.
Today, I can eat a lot of dilicious food and get many gifts.
There are many people who belived this.
I learned that there will be a Gemini meteor showe! I like meteor showers.
You may get thirsty without milk or aything when you eat sweet potatoes.
Even though I did not want to learn English in the beginning, but I will try my best to learn it in the fruture. My glish teacher has taught us many words, but I cannot remember them and always use them in the wrong way. What can I do?
I was impressived!!
I replaced the sentences in the grammer book with my own sentences.
My big brother participaterdin in the Tokyo malathon last month, which is one of the biggest marathons in Japan.
My friend geve me a Goya yesterday.
I would like the chance to at least eat with sombody.
Some friends of mine have gone to forine countries
to learnd English...
but I don't have sufficient time to go abraod.. (good!)
they were all so great, especially Hrajuku and Odaiba.
I want to ask you something: What resorces do you recommend for learning English?
In Japan, almost all students (elementary school, junior high scool, and high school) get summer vacation from the 4th week of July to the end of August.
Today, March 10, is the day when candidates find out whether or not they passed the entrance exam of national univercities in Japan.
But she also studied to pass the entrance exam of the Univercity of Kyoto!
I'm sad because I won't be able to see her if she passes the exam (since Kyoto is far away from Tokyo), but I support her and believe she will succces.
Even now, the accident is going on, and because it is known that bolacic acid absorbs the atomic products ejected from the fuel, I heard they put it and water around the NPPs to deal with the problem.
I felt really happy when my former boss told me that I would be moving to the Okinawa office, because the Okinawa office is quite popular amang my coworkers.
I'm also keep reading a English book (HOLLES).
so if the company does move to another place I must go to the main bance and work with him every day.
I often have a runny nose (perhaps a kind of allegic?) and I tire easily.
Plz recommand me an English name!!
Actually, I deleted the History in Windows Exploer, but I did not clear the document history.
This morning, I rushed to get up, and eatted sanwiches which I prepared last night.
Then, I realized that I forgot my tiket and wallet at home.
When I found this site, I decited to post my journal entry everyday.
I know how she feels, because when I was an instructor in drawing softwares at a bussiness school, I was happy to know my students 'improvements and efforts.
They often gave me the enagy to teach.
I am so depressed. I study English every day, and after I finish class, I come back to home. I continue to study English but I feel my English is notimproving much. I memorize the English words every day, but the next day I forgothalf. I feel so upset. I think my IQ is good, but my memery is not so good...
My brother told (or ``informed``) me that my grandmother was tranfered to the emagencey room for brain surgery.
Untill I read another person's journal, I had never heard about it.
I'm a big fan of ``The Dark Knight`` and ``Mement``, and I like Ken Watanebe.
However this was the first time I enterted a high school debate contest.
Um, I still don't know what to write about, and I definitely need some help, because I never have time to practice my writen English...
Havy rain!!
And I almost finished it this morining!
I try to do the exercises but I usauly must check the anwer. Today I did not read but I will be at home after I finish in the internet room. I bought fruit before I took the bus to go home. I eat on the bus a lot. I have a headache like I drank beer.
I was going to make a team but I coudn't do it afeter all.
And I do the other sports which are badminton and volleyball every Weddesday.
A couple of mothes ago, I took a test called TOEIC which is an Engilsh reding and listining test.
When the score was anouced, I was supriesd becouse I got 930.
I was relly gratifed and proud of my score.
For example, we can get a healthier body through physical exercise and improve our blood circument.
Playing basketball is good for increasing body height and also helps to strengthen fridndship.
I have read a few blogs which say that olibe oil makes vanilla ice cream taste more delicious.
Because it cools your body down, you comsume the calories in order to warm your body up again.
I'm really happy to have learned about this site and it's a pleasere to share my useless diary. lol
I'm gon to try to keep a diary and also correct others written in Korean.
I will take an English conersation class at the office.
It will bigin from the 13th of October.
I spend a lot of time drowing.
Visiting frends who have graduated.
I really appriciated that, especially from my girlfriend.
I have to write an essay on Japanese education for foreign students, and I'd like to know what Japanese lerners really think.
From now on, I wil try to explain a few basic rules in Japanese.
If you need to be plite, you can say ``Watashi ha hashirimasu``.
I spend much of my time serching for information on the internet too.
The eperiment is also waiting for me,
So then we promised that I would do nouthing to help household and study English all day long.
Every year, I give hime chocolates.
I am going to LV because I want to see Cilque du Soleil's KA and O.
The story is mainly a piratie adventure, but they also have special abilities similer to Naruto's Ninjutu.
I only started lerning english recently. I'd like to speak it fluently but it's more difficult for me now.
When I first got it done I suffered from tremedous pain for two days.
Green revolution has broght about great benefits for humankind as a whole.
Untill the last moment the mother kept hugging and protecting her
I studied my prnounciation with my teacher this morning via the internet.
But today I enjoied it because I did my homework.
Wirting in English is a little challenge for me.
We live in diffrent countries and spend time togather for less than 10 days every year
The correct sentence is ``Wolud you call me a taxi?``
My teacher told me not to fear using incorrect English, but I absolutly don't want to make a mistake like this!
I talked on Skyp with my tutor.
I woked today.
It was a sanny day.
She often walked on the up-upslope.
Thtat will make me more stressful.
After I had done the trancery I took pictures of it.
The event was canseled midway.
All the people there were foriener.
As you well know, this is a tarditional tactic for us.
The race in Northen America is not good for F1 fans in Japan, because of the time difference.
Our class has Korean, Japenese and Taiwanese.
I went back to my farher and mother's house
they are really relly cool pants.
If I am unable to understand these slang expressions, it will be difficult to comunicate with native spekers.
Of couase, I know it is important to learn these things.
this season gets more meanful.
I would appreciate it if you cheack my English or send a message.
A very very beautiful godess stays in the toilet.
So I've been searching on the Inrernet for a long time.
But I have chores to do, such as laundry, buying food, making a framework for an exam, learning English, edting a movie, and so on.
We can share each other's culture and luanguages here.
Sommer is horror movie season in Japan.
Japannese horror movies are very scary and interesting.
I so hated cleaning, espessially washing floors.
And I like to rid of uselss things.
I must will have to find mysels very embarrassing one day, than there will be no stuff to through away.
Sometimes my friens are joking that someday I'll turn to Monica Geller.))
hahaha I should learn as much English as posible.
I enjyoed this trip.
I thoght ``I need to learn English because I want to go on a trip tsomewhere
It's unbelivable though, having a baby at such an early age.
I don't have any cavicity, but my teeth are poorly aligined.
A Jananese novel
I wish I could help her because it makes me happy that the forigner read a Japanese novel.
because I want to improve my inglish,
However, in the midlle of the development, NEOREX noticed that the words ``Lifelog`` and ``Lifehach`` were becomming popular and more and more people were interested in recording their activities and making their lives better with ideas and tools.
I have nothig else to do, so I powered on my laptop. Then I check the lang-8 site.
Although a human's life-span is longer than ever before, we still have to cambat diseases which could kill both humans and animals.
For the first 3 months, I had been very busy and had not been undersleeping.
It's because I want to improve my pronouceation.
But I don't know if my poronounciation is OK, or not.
Last evening, I got insomnia, couldn't fall sleep untill 3: 00 am.
All kinds of things came to my mind: work, study, life, famillay, friends and so on.
It's difficult for me to understand people speaking at ordinarly speed yet.
Anyway, my soulder is still very painful.
Woud you mind telling me how to get the discount that your invitation letter said?
I hane learned english for more than seven years now.
Becouse, the big earthquake struck Japan in March..
I've never trid this product but when I was young and stayed in my home town, my mom often cooked curry and I would eat it in the morning.
Does it Make Sence
I have a feeling when I hear someone say ``does it make sence?`` that it is either the peron is getting impatient or just being rude.
Because English subtitles are usefull to me and it's free to watch it online.
It seems taht I will finish the whole series soon..
There are a lot of restrant in Kyoto.
Some Japanese are getting crazy about this, even when they don't drink wine regulary.
I visited the wax musium.
The musium was brilliant.
Do you have a Twitter acount?
I made a new Twitter acount for practicing my English today.
I tried to memorize the new grammer for the next lesson.
Fortunatery Grace had space in the car.
My husband set up the hummmock between the trees for the children.
I really missed her Spanish omlet and I desided to make it myself. Some spelling errors.
Instad of potatoes, I put tometos into the omlet.
I went to the chilli festival in Frementle today.
Is the teaching (studying) method defferent from other countries?
I'm going to Turky with my custmers tomorrow.
postpone: Our school postponed the beseball game because of the bad weather.
delay: The flight from Tiwan to Japan was delayed because a Tiphoon was approching.
And She reccomended me to do it.
Autumn is just aroud the corner.
And my teatcher can't do anything because it is the pranksters 'last year in high school lol
I'm happy because the holydays are coming and I'll be able to get out every day with my friends =D
Please, correct all my mistaces.
Additionally, the Singapore goverment disciplines harshly. Once a citizen commits a mistake, it's very difficult to recover their carrer.
We wateched a funny movie and drank.
In software business, English is the most important language because almost all majar software is created by the USA.
But I think a lot of college students don't have each dreame anymore.
But now, I've realised that I have to do my presentation tommorow.
I want to become a translater, especially for movies.
It will be hard wrok because words that a translater can use in a line is specified by the rule of translation.
I don't know how long it will take, but I want to become a translater.
But I'm sure many people are atressed out and really want to do something similar, so I also think he is a hero!!
But outside Bangkok, the situation is much better, other cities are queit and beautiful.
They are always coming to the staition on time and very clean. They have comfortable and soft seats on the trains.
I want very badly to improve my writing avility.
My hobby is listning to music!
I desided to study English again for my dream after I enterd the university.
Actually Ive already graduated from beauty school in Osaka in 2006, but I still wana go.
It's not the time for writting a journal right now, since I might not be able to return home early to sleep peacefully.
(A1) My family makes me happy (sad, angry, surprised, unhappy, bored, frastrated, etc).
I work at an English conversation school as a front desk personnel but my English skill isn't good enough so I can't comunicate well with the native English speaking teacher.
Sometimes genes have great influence on children, but what would be more important would be the quality of upgrowing at home, and teaching at school.
So I thought I alreay knew English grammar
So, Aftter work I played an exercise game at home.
Obviously, our life has been changed enormously by the use of comeputers.
It is unbeleavable. We never wear coats in Sempember or October.
So I am going to take her to the pediatrics, which she is not used to going to, because today is Sunday when most medical clinics are closed.
I don't have cofidence but I don't want to be stressed.
I went to canada to stady the English lunguage.
I live in Vancouver, it's an intersting city.
I took pre-tests for my law exams from Februaly 28th to March 2nd.
There will be 8 witing tests which will take 17 hours altogether, and 7 marking tests which will take 5 hours and 30_ minutes altogether.
The students in the class congratulte him on this great news.
I redistered at this website today because I want to (``wanna`` is considered slang) brush up my English skills.
In the Fukuoka prefecture of Kyusyu which is in the southern area of Japan, typhoons come at least five times per year.
I bought 4 packs of Sushi and dilicios beers.
Weather news says ``it wii be snowing.``
He articulated the connsonant sounds very clearly.
Everyone in our class was laghing out loud.
I called ETS lost and foung office and left a message according to the directions.
So far, I haven't gotten a call from them, but hoperfuly they will informe me.
At 5pm, we met at the classroom, and walke to the pub.
Some of them, Switzerland guy who organized the party for us, Chinise girl, and South Korean girl will leave Edmonton soon, so we took many pictures.
South Korean guy became 25, so we definately celebrated him.
I also want to drink bowls of congee and eat steamed buns, which are not easily foung at night.
I usualy try to take a nap or study English.
I am weak from a lack of exersise..
Unfortunately however, I don't know of any classes for begginer.
My native (mother) language is Chinere, I hope I can help someone here.
I got sunburnt the day before yeasterday soI got somealoe to treat it.
In the moring it is very nice, though!
So if someone has experence with this grammar, please tell me how to use it.
In the past two days, my wife and I wlked to the park early in the morining.
Kodomo toki kara, geijutsu ga suki desu, ongaku, ya kakukotoga dai suki.
Boku no nihongo no reberu ni stuite, takusan no kuni ni sumimashita node, hokano kuni no gengo wo benkyoushimashita, demo daigaku kara (nihongo wo) benkyou shihajimemashita, hitori de nihongo o benkyoshite imasu. watashi no otosan to watashi no nihonjin no tomodachi mo nihongo wo renshuu shimasu, rainen waseda no daigaku ni ryuugakui shimasu..
I hope it will be repaird as soon as possible!!
I'm going to pick up noe of my friends at Nriata airport.
Sometime it takes a long time to see them, and I have to wait a little bit of a longer time at airprt.
However I didn't buy anything because I didn't have any maney on me.
When I was a high school stuent, I didn't like sience.
What difference ``anytime`` and ver ```` whenerver ``,`` anything ``and`` whatever ``?
We went to a good restaurantm, and had a great dinner.
We have not seen each ohter for such a long time.
We plowed a new field and scatterd a bag of the fertilizer around it.
My sister who tied the knot with a man who lives in Yamagata prefecture last year (and enjoyed a hanymoon traveling to Italy) got pregnant at the beginning of this year.
I am already uncomfortable with the muggy weeather, their loud sounds make me feel much more uncomfortable!
or optimistic imformation, we won't know the proper action to take during a crisis.
When I was a major in Architecture, but now I develop PC software to do busines for emproyees only.
abou me
I don't kow how to use it in context.
I hate crowded places, If I were there, I would have a headach.
Of course, Eglish is required in the other three sports.
And then I want to present the ikonography of the altarpiece that is focused on the biblical narration and mention some features of this work.
The example in Berlin is very simular to another John the Baptist altarpiece in Frankfurt, so a long discussion has taken place on which is the original.
The last panal is about the beheading of John the Baptist.
These three painting works are supplimented by a detailed illustration of miniatures in a Gothic arch which funtions as a frame for the pictures (or: subjects).
Telling The program is about other TV programs I like, USA or UK drams, for exsample.
And I made it a habbit to memorize what the native speakers corrected.
We discussed transportation duringmy Engligh lesson yesterday.
The shape reminds us a white heron flapping its wings, so It is called ``Shiresagi jyo`` (white heron castle).
When I was thinking about it, the earthquate finished.
Killimanjaro.
Lately, I've been trying to get in shape becasue I've put on some weight.
I might be succes if I keep deiting for a while.
Aside from these, his appaerance and behavior is also strange.
The Japanese movie ``Hankyuu densya`` is modeled after the Imazu railway in this town.
I especially love gyo/ gyouza.
Good mornig!
It happed that she wasn't with my friend.
When I went inside, we walked along a slope next to a big aquarium tank shaped liked a cylindric.
As the slope was a spyral, it made me dizzy.
They are an Engrish book and a quilting book.
so I was very interested and excitng!
But getting a drivers lisence is difficult for me to get.
Because I am worring about slamming and crashing into other cars.
It's only 12: 26, and I wana go home!
I wana try the real French full-course meal, or whatever you call it: S
Recently, I couldn't write a dialy in English.
First, I plactice speaking in english with videos.
Today's topic was ``a park near my homw``.
I feel comtrtable and at peace when I take them.
good moring everybady!
Last night my freind came over to my house.
she first staied at my house
This moring I made her breakfast.
beaouse she thought that I was a good cook.
Since I have the experience of being trapped in an elevater during a blackout, I am really nervouse about these kind of things.
Every time I became exhasted and went looking for another sports, I would gain the weight back.
(If I had known the water in the pool was acutally up to my shouder's, I would have tried three years ago.)
However, there's good news, espeially for me.
I try to stay fit without having an cigarets.
Three of my friends came to my house to studey English together again this morning.
I went to an Englisn-speaking country and have been there for 7 years.
Also when they said something to me, I always cannot understand them straighaway.
When I was overseas, I didn't watch English news channel or movies. I could not understang those popular programs as I have no idea about their cultural background.
He lives in a northan part of Tokyo.
I just kept silient.
I am feeling nervas.
Althought it was boring while we waited, I believe that when we see the picture on the magazine we will find out everything was worth it.
So I can eat those without thinking which dish is cheap or expencive.
When I see the people's attitude toward saving electrivity, I am always reminded of the nature of Japanese citizens.
Studying in Canada is a valuale oppurtunity for me to become mature and learn, and I've had to overcome tons of difficulties.
Last time when my friend and me were leaving the Superstore and decided to walk back to the drom, a Canadian couple drove us back.
Before that, I need to get my father's permition.
I've am always thinkng about what makes a good speaker.
These days, I think I've eaten too much so I am gainning weight.
So I pour some syrop into my Caramel Frappuccino.
But after I started talking, nobody responsed to what I say.
We memorize new words everyday, take classe during summer and winter vacation, and read newspapers and magzines once a week.
To learn a forign language, we should try to speak it as much as we can. And in my opinion, a test will push us to speak more and seak better.
The PM Hatoyama said that he would resolve Futenma problem by the end of this month.
I didn't know what was happning.
For example, when I go to supermarket, there are many things wrriten in Japanese on the packages.
If there are (some) words that I haven't learnt yet, I would write those words in my notebook and serch them in dictionary after I return home.
Anyway, it is a difficulty for me and I am worred whethr it would hurt their feelings if I ask them several times to repeat what they said.
Therefore, I have to find someone who I can practce conversation with the eldery.
Finally, I have no idea how to learnig to listen to English.
YAKUZA appers in this game,
Since the problem of food safety is becoming quite worrisom, Beijing citizens attempt to find farms themselves that can provide safe agricultural products.
Maldive has recentry become popular for honeymooners.
Also, I love lerning about cultural differences between my country and other countries.
However the trees looks like all the others, except in spering.
I'm looking forward to the party, but I feel a little unease if I can communicate with foreiners well.
anyway I will go tomorrow agian......
I sold a CD set of the bussiness teaching materials I used to listen to for 20000yen.
I answered that I'd like to eat epecial food.
``Think about what's different bitween you and them.``
But sometimes I forget, so I think I should try something againg.
So I have to look up the dicshonary many times.
This means I have to read 100 pages of the book each day because I justy started to read this book today.
I have had two turtoles for about 15years:-) Their name are ``KA-`` and ``ME-``.
That was her first solo cocert and her first CD was released on the same day.
I pretened to call a policeman.
I couldn't canceal my excitement about this chance for cummunication, because it was my first time talking face to face with a foreigner.
We only briefly, greated each other, and that was followed by a long, awkward silence.
I guraduated from a univercity this year, but the graduation ceremony never occurred.
How do you studay a language?
Please tyr this method if you would like to learn a new language eficiently.
In my opinion, we have an argument between secrity and the risk against [urasite] of each school.
Moibes could be very powerful to prevent crime against children.
If my freind has time, we'll play catch or whatch sports.
Her birthday is tommorow
It's very dificult.
Have a good weeken.
People probably just want to visit other countries even thogh they are going to waste money by visiting.
My bad habbits
I have some bad habbits.
But recently, I've tried to fix my bad habbits.
The mountain I was running over today was a symbol for Buddist prayers.
The weekend is over, I don't like monday, and I am logging in the lang8 to see wheather someone had corrected my diary, but the result let me down.
I am looking forwward to meeting them.
Because I want to enter univercity.
I want to study biomecanics.
So `native English speakers` refers to the Amrican.
I thought that more people would come here to sightsee, and the number of sucide here would decrease as long as the path was maintained.
I think that is part of the reason why sucide occur here besides the poorly maintainig path.
I have to prepare boild eggs.
For example, I like to invite my friends to my place, enjoy my favorite sigarette in my room, listen to rock music, and drink a little alcohol before sleep...
so on (souds like a teenage boy XD).
I'm a little bit of a collecter of My Little Pony figures, and I love toys and all things Hasbro.
The gugle satellite captured something that resembles a 30 meter long snake.
They aren't sure if it is a real snake, but it's highly possiblility.
I think there are many misteries in the world.
There is a very interesting mith in my town. Two hundred years ago, a wise Buddhist priest who could see the future said that my town would be destoryed by a huge flood.
It was only a mith until one statue was (actually) found.
There was a heavy rain in Shanghai this afternoon. My friend didn't meet the train. She planned to go to Xian taday.
Without that TOEFL experience, socre, and training, I couldn't have gotten those jobs in just two weeks.
I heard that a lot of people in Finland like Robert's coffe, is that ture?
The messages said that my card's number corresponded to the card company's one, so they canceld my orders.
Luckily, my daugther's team won the victory.
Now I restart studing!
My favorite person is Ichoro Suzuki.
A Welcom Party
I saw the corrections, and had to start translating it using google translater.
It's unhealthfulness.
If I wanted to give my thanks to you, I would write in card to X ``thank you for cherring me up:)``
I submitted an application for a new job last manth.
Additionaly we listen to them speak with patience because we know how they feel/ the feeling
So we should try to think about it from the yonger sister's point of view.
The yonger sister, Bess, has to depend on her elder sister,
If I have an oppotunity, I would like to use slang words.
I would say to my freinds ``Hey, what's up dog?``
But what is it like in your coutry?
I ate my salad fast, and after I opend the bag my hamburger was in.
He did not know whether the post office ws nearby.
It's hard to explain why I like rany days.
I belive that the TV has reduced communication between family members.
I dought whether daily homework helps students
Diffrent clothes sometimes influence how people behave.
I was reading a Japanese comic yeaterday.
Futhermore, every cigarette company should be banned for selling poisonous products
Recentury, I have been very busy everyday.
Then one Sunnday, I was invited by my friend to drive around.
This surgery lasts only 10 minites but is it safe??
I've kept learning English, but my English skils don't look good.
I didn't have many jods at work today.
I have a girlfrind.
She told me to let our relationship return to how it was before, when we were frinds.
I didn't think I would like this book cuase romantic novels bore me.
I am a saleman in spite of having a speaking problem.
If I were not a stutterer, I would laught at it.
I have met several people who have overcome stutering.
I didn't feel bad at frst.
Some were from England, Canada and Amarica.
I called her back wondering what might have happend.
I aired out my 'zabuton' becaouse the weather was fine.
: Well now, coming in were you rooting for the rakers or the Sixers?
: No, I know it was your first basketball game ever, and I know its very exciting, but when it's all said and done the season will have been long enouh.
This site's a little diferent...
My hobbies are snowboarding, traveling, and studying foreign langueges. Now I study English and Spanish.
I heard that she had had storong cough and felt lazy for long time.
Was the oven out of oreder?
The traffic (on the hightway) in the capital was so heavy that we kept moving really slow for an hour.
Almost all of them have thier own jobs and they practic soccer in their off time, nights and holidays.
My favorite sezsom is summer.
^ ^ During the Cristmas season, I was too busy to enjoy the festive feeling.
But English is telling me*, ``Vitaly you are so/ too stupide.``* just a third option
I often get anygry with myself, when I go to get the coffee. I find nothing, and I have to do it all over again.
One day my throwt was sore.
Now I can't breathe through my nouse.
On another note, I watch the TV TVdorama ``Soredemo bokuwa ikiteyuku``.
I hadn't used Dreamweaver for half a year, so it was hard to remenber how to use it.
However, I can't talk to anyone in English on Skpe at the office.
Thank you for reading my journer.
It was difficult to understand what they were saying because they were speking Blitish English.
Today I'm talking about an Itarian restaurant.......
I went to Saizeriya, an Itarian restaurant, with my friends. Do you know it?
I think Shogaki, the president of Saizeriya, is very clever becouse he always tries to keep the prices down while keeping the food dericious.
He has his own farms and grows the vegitables they use.
Also, from the farm to each restaurant, the vegitables are kept at 4 degrees becouse the vegitables will keep fresher that way.
He tries so many things to serve cheap dishes and be more dericious!
I will go to the shopping mall, because it is coller than I just sit in my room.
Certainly, it is very dengerous,
because Japan relies on nuclear power for many parts of its electric suply.
so younger peopole in Japan should have more interest in these problems or in politics.
What do you think about nucler poower plants?
Yesterday I took part in this Lang-8 and wrote my first jounal.
regret: I regretted calling her such crel words.
givern: In ancient times, Rome was governing all the world.
Hi, it's my first text on this page ang I hope that this page will help me in learning english.
As I wasn't able to focus on the lisning part, I don't think I get a good score.
Anyway we enjoied the beautifully displayed dishes and the beautiful scenery of the countryside.
He must be straved!
Avogado and fruit cocktail.
If you meet people with whom you have bae memories and you have not kept in touch for years,
By the way, if English speakers speak Asian languages in Asian coutries, Asians are interested in them.
But if I hear Asians speaking poor English in English speaking countries, English speakers treat those Asian without considareation.
Anyway, Speaking English is in Grerat demand and speaking Asian languages is not.
For beginer, I think acoustic guitar is the best choice.
It's a greate web site.
Koyasan is a very famous place for But-Butism, called SHINGONSYU.
And I have invited my foregin friends to visit my home town.
My dream is to run a youth hostel in my town and I hope that many foregin people will visit my home town.
I don't why, but I just feelling sad!
Therefore, I think that salaries should be based one's perfomance or the amount of benefit they have brought to thier workplace.
I tied a ribbon to it and painted it penk.
Therefore I ate a salad to not skimp on vegitable.
It's also a good experience which can arouse my interet in language and at the same time help other people.
I am willing to correct articles in Traditonal Chinese, but Simplified Chinese seems to be more prevalent.
Every custmer seemed (or: seems) to love our shop!:)
When I enter into Lange-8, it was a big change.
In Japane most people are punctual and honest.
Watch these crip, please:D
for just 30 minuits.
Well, I don't get tooo much, but it's stil a good deal:D
I've been reading the book 'The Wondeful wizeard of Oz'.
Now, mobiel-sites are important for E-commerce in Japan.
Recentry, I had neglected studying.
However I wiil go there someday!
I personally felt that AVATAR's story was not so bad, but the visuals and 3D tecnology is worth seeing.
I reccoment it to you.
I will try to introduce to you the story of AVATAR briefly tommorow..
Oficial Trailer of Avatar
female: I wanted my hair cut by a female whrn I went to have my hair cut.
Last month I took the ``Toulism English Proficiency Test`` and passed it!
It was heavy, even without fried potate the double-decker humburger was enough to fill my stomach till the evening.
english is so duiffcul
What can I do to srretch my english skill.
It is excacize for my brain.
I often say ``parden, please?``.
I work at a conviniene store that is near my house on every Saturday and Sunday.
many people come in and behave deifferently.
that is one of the reasen why I work there.
I think that most English learners dislike grammar which is essential to understand well when speaking English fluentry.
I have alredy noticed the reason why Japanese aren't eager to speak Englsh in front of Native Speakers.
An English man came to my gym to do tarining.
``Consult the dictionary`` is just sirious.
I looked up the word you tought me in the dictionary.
But envidences (OR my experiences) proved that I was wrong since most Singaporeans can speak Mandarin.
And we are trying to figure out the most efficient motheds to improve our speaking.
SO, good lcuk for us.
'The time when you think it's late is the perpect time to do it.' and 'The man without motivation is not different from a dead body (man).'
But I hardly speak or hear English, and I am not good at readig and writing.
My English teacher always wants me to write Eanglish compositions, but I am scared to do so.
Even so, those gadgets looks convinient and usufull.
Sudeenly, she became silent.
It is very cold at the office because of the air airconditioner being put on high.
My seat is right under the air conditoner.
The next game is supposed to be reliesed in the NINTENDO DS.
In Japan it is wintter now.
Recentry, I happened to hear very nice music.
I watchd the Disney movie ``Enchanted``.
My friend itroduced me to this useful website.
Althought my Japanese is not good enough to write an entry yet.
I have stusied english for about a year.
I ought to have breakfast by stopping at a rastaurant before getting to the airport.
Because it is very diffrent from what I used before, it is very difficult for me to use it.
I really want to visit there again, and, if I can, I will live there for sevearl years.
Last week, the whole northern part of Taiwan had been enclouded by depressing rain for a long time.
And because of the rain, I couldn't go very far to eat out, and I could only choose the restaurents nearby.
I have to wash a lot of landry!
I'm reluxing on holydays from 8/ 13.
Today I'm going to clean my room, do loundry, wash the deshes and so on.
I don't like the bus becouse it's crowded.
Beacause the job notice was supposed to be annouced today.
I called and asked why the notice has not been announced and they said that it was delaied until next week.
There were many venders selling everything you could (possibly) imagine.
Testerday I went to an NBA game, Toronto Raptors vs Chicago Bulls.
I like croqutte because they don't cost very much (around 10-20 yen each) and croqutte with brown (worcesteershire) sauce is the best with beer.
Since I had notspoken English for longtime, it was difficut to speak fluentry.
Sometimes, I encounter difficulty in correcting students 'English compositon, so I need help to correct them.
However, after comming to the US, I feel this is not true.
Please let me know about the rasism that your country has.
I love jogging. I used to have this habit, but sundely I stopped.
So, we just had the Gay Parade, which is one of the gratest paredes in the world.
I think it's a great web site because I can partice English here and I hope that I can help others to learn Chinese too.
this is my frist time
I recieved an e-mail from someone who saw my profile on the website.
And I recepted his invitation.
I learned that I should never use the webscam with a stranger.
And I delited my profile instantly.
I tried to study Spanish after I came back to Japan, but there was no lectere in my university and I didn't have enough time and money to spend for it.
My friend has been going to Univercity at night time or holiday as well as going to work for the past 5 years, they said.
I have never tried something like that, so hearing about it tuoched my heart because for some time I also wanted to go to Univercity but I couldn't decide how to do it until now.
What my friend said made an immpression on me.
As you konw, more and more people are subhealthy, but why?
Which of these sentenses do you use, ``Do you have a pen?`` or ``Have you got a pen?``?
If I will have any power, I'll write an essey.
I'm preased to love it because I want to spesk English very well, as if I was a native speaker.
If I need to make an appointment with my friend, but I am not sure when he is avliable.
Then I broug the bicycle to a (bicycle) shop, to ask for a repair.
My hobbies are learning languages, speaking with a lot of people via Skype, drinking at the bar with my frineds, reading books, going (travelling) abroad and so on.
Recetly I have started to want to get one more and more.
Especiall, I want to talk to improve my English skill.
And one hairdressor came to me and asked me
They looked quite mature for thier age at the entrance ceremony because they were wearing suits.
My university doesn't have a lot of students but I can make friends with almost everyone and I'm looking foreward to that.
Yestarday, I was depressed because I went to my part-time job, but it was my day off.
I'm into holoscope these days.
I always feel excited when I sing Karoake. [alternative]
One of my doble majors is Chinese literature so I applied to the student exchange program.
However, when I was young I also got interested inEnglish because I started listening to Pop Songs (especially rnb, hiphop:D).
However, to ME, the most important thing compared to what was said above is our relationshop!
I'm looking forward to goint out for dinner with her.
I am a 23-year-old Japanese girl, as I mentioned in my profile, and I mainly work as a kindergarden teacher.
Hard schdule.
I feel I'm luckey and I want to care my daily life.
I am not sure if they do drugs like drug addic or they did it just once, because I only heard it from someone that I hardly know.
So I decided to ask the two guys face to face if they are drug addic, or if they are dangerous, because I don't want to judge them and talk behind their backs.
Near the beginnig of our relationship, he made me a dinner and there was only some fried meat and some instant mashed potato.
The healtiest food among what he think is healty is a subway sandwich but I know the white bread isn't really healthy, at least for Korean.
The e cource involves listening to English for 1000 hours in a year.
According to the explanation of the cource, it is generally said that about 1000 hours are required to get used to hearing a foreign language accurately.
The cource cost about fifty thousand yen.
It was not cheap but I could pay for it thanks to the welfare progrum which my company offered (to) me!
The cource will begin next month.
And when I was a high school student, I experenced a job at an airport.
So, I wish to become a costomer service agent in an airport.
I am learnig English and Chinese now.
It was a game in the UEFA chmpion's leagu.
I had lived there untill graduating from high school, after which I left Hokkaido.
Spicy Foods& Cat's toungue
It is a Japanese custom for wowan to give a person she likes sweets:)
I'm very happy becuase I want to learn English in a more proper way.
It was ranning heavily today.
about my life on ranny days.
Study animetion abroad.
He is studying Japanese animetion at school.
I don't know what kind of animetion he was studying?
But we had a nice conversation togher.
He looked like a fuuny and friendly guy.
It is a deliciace!!
I enrolled in an online English school a coupple of days ago.
Can you believet that tt one leson (or: that the fee for one lesson) is only between 1 $ and 2 $?
I really wanted to go to the English school but I quit going there because the lesson fee was expenssive.
An Amazing Wesite for Langauge Learners!
Right now, I've come to be albe to understand recorded voices in English, but it is still hard for me to understand what they are singing in English.
They sell variouse kinds of cakes there. [alt.]
But I think I perfer the clothes which suit me.
oters.
I like nearly all clothes colors except red, but I don't konw why. All reds?
I perfer the fashy things.
My faviorite jewerly is earrings.
I couldn't sleep well last night becaouse I was coughing all night.
I'm a really short temperd person.
Befeore I came here, I thought ``If I live in the U.
for a year, I will be a really good emglish speaker. ``But I was wrong.
I am surprised at how difficult it is to learn other langages.
So I was really disapointed in myself and kinda bored of studying English.
But Lang-8 often encourages me to study, because I can see many people who study other langages and may have the same feelings.
I really like to correct forigne people's English.
I was typing my first jornal on Lang-8 little while ago, and when I hit preview, my computer screwed up... so I am re-doing my Journal.
Are there ramen reataurant in your country?
frist diary ^ ^
I'm interested in learning about other country's culuture and making friends ^ ^
She smiled and aske me, ``Why did you choose me?``
I don't think we are either close or distant; we just call or text when neccessary. But in the last few months we have been ignoring each other due to my imprudent words.
I think everyday, ``l 'm happy, l have all things l wnat`` because of this, but sonetimes because l don't want something
Becouse if I think too much, I can't continy.
I am buzy, so I am going to just try and try.
So my friend advicsed me to write my journals in this site.
I want to use the phrase ``get to the bottm of this.``
I will have an art class. I'm going to go near the port and paint a pecture of the fishing boat.
Yeaterday, I played soccer from early morning.
I will join a soccer tornament in November.
I have a dog for ten yaers.
We saw two ponnies, a pig and chickens. Many kids kept trying to feed them.
I think I should be more careful and deligent for work.
Dubois put her girls to bed and was wating for her husband, sitting on a sofa alone with lights turned off, when Mr.
Dubois who was deeply destressed finally said to him, ``Honey, it's already 9 o' clock. ``
But in Japn we only buy presents for children and cupple.
So, I deciede to return to where my university is located.
My ankle was hurt last Thursday, and I got another unknown disease last Satruday.
My bad luck began when, last month, I went to a temple to pray for mome money.
So I was thinking I definetly have to go there again.
I can't wait to have the party:) and also for the holloween parade at 6 AV:)
I hope I have the patience and perseversance to keep on writting diary entries in
By the way, I registerd on facebook yesterday!
He looed at his feet, and saw there were tiny animals.
He was scared, so he ran along the innor way.
Farthermore, some adults play sports there as well.
When I arrived at Osaka, it was rainning heavily.
If I eat a hanburger slowly, chewing it well and tasing it, I always regret eating it.
Recently, I could only go to work two days a month because I have been receiving post-surgical chemotherapy to prevent the cancer's recurrence and metastatis.
Though it is regrettable that I got sick, I belive my disease has helped me develop a greatness of soul.
But I apparently looked like I was listening to an I-pod, so most people were surprised to see me change the radio chunnel.
Of cource, I realize that my range of vocabrary and way's to express are limited.
I have to syudy tonight for tomorrow's tests.
Yes, I know that I will soon enter into a universty and I'm 18 years old.
I jogged only this weekend, but I think it had a little/ some effect in decrese my weight.
This is my first time using this kind of website; My friend recommonded it to me.
Example senteces are welcome.
I would keep taking lessons but I don't have enought money.
I rearry enjoyed her stage performance.
``Pirates of the Carobbean: On Stranger Tides`` was exciting, too.
curently they are preparing to plant rice.
It starts in the afternoon, so I'm planning to go to the library in the mornig to read a book!
But I'm little nervours becouse of my English communication skills.
My job is a project manager for developping web sites.
On september I have a plane about going to Victoira, BC.
I was impressived!!
The first one is called Tirya and has a more detailed history than the other two,
I'm also reading an English book called HOLLES.
In the morning, I rushed to get up and eatted sanwiches, which I prepared yesterday night.
At that time, I began to realize that I had forgotten my tiket and wallet at home.
When I found this site, I decited to post my journal entry everyday.
I know her feelings because when I was an instructor in drawing software at a bussiness school, I was happy to know my student's were improving and using effort.
I know it is really hard do it, but sometimes I'm lazy or drosy and would like to sleep.
The story is mainly about piratie adventure, and they also have special abilities as similer as Naruto use Ninjutu.
I woked Today.
And, Thtat will make me more stressed.
I would appreciate it if you cheack my English or send a message.
I really hated cleaning, espessially washing floors.
It is usefull to me because of the english subscriptions, and it is free to watch.
Do you have Twitter acount?
She reccomended that I do it, too.
I'm learning new vocabulary to become more efficiencly
I took practice tests for my law exam which will be held from Februaly 28th to March 2nd.
It consists of 8 witing test that take 17 hours and 7 marking tests that takes 5 hours and 30 minutes.
Everyone in our class were laghing out loud.
I called ETS lost and foung office and left a message according to the directions.
So far, I didn't get a call from them, but hoperfuly they will informe me.
At 5pm, we met at the classroom, and walke to the pub.
```` from South Korea became 25, so we definately celebrated his birthday.
So if anybody has experence with these, please tell me how to use them.
Kodomo no toki kara, geijutsu ga suki desu, ongaku, ya kaku mo dai suki.
I am an exchang student, so I need a host family to live with, and also there are some other exchange students in my high school, and they also live with their host families.
And then, I want to present the ikonography of the altarpiece, focusing on the biblical narration, and mention some (special/ particular) features of this work.
Since the slope went in a spyral, it made me dizzy.
First, I plactice speaking in english with videos.
Then, I wrote an nessey.
Good moring everybady!
last night my freind came to my house.
she staied at my home
this moring and I made her breakfast.
beaouse she thinks that I am a good cook
This is Sarah's douyhter.
I went to an Englisn-speaking country and was been there for 7 years,
So I can eat without thinking which dish is cheap or expencive.
Before that, I need to get my father's permition.
So, English native speakers meant Amrican.
When it was lunch time, I was going to go to the restrant.
It's unhealthfulness.
So we should try to think about it from the yonger sister's point of view.
I aired out my 'zabuton' becaouse the weather was fine.
The hightway in the capital was so congested/ packed/ busy that we moved really slowly for an hour.
I can't talk to anyone in English on Skpe at the office.
Anyway we enjoied the beautifully arranged dishes and the scenery of the countryside.
Anyway, Speaking English is in Grerat demand and speaking Asian languages is in little demand.
For a a beginer, I think acoustic guitar is the best choice.
My dream is to run a youth-hostel in my town and I hope that many foregin will visit my home town.
And for just 30 minuits.
My wife was amazed at such beautiful pictures that she was excited all the time while waching the movie.
I, personally, felt that AVATAR's story was not so bad, but the images and 3D tecnology are worth seeing.
I reccoment that you watch the movie.
I will try to present the story of AVATAR briefly tommorow.
Oficial Trailer of Avatar
An English man, a member of my gym came for tarining.
while trying to figure out the most efficient motheds to improve our English speaking abilities
SO, here's wishing good lcuk to us.
Althought my Japanese is not good enough to write an article.
I called to ask why the notice had not yet been announced, and they responded that it was delaied until next week.
Please let me know the rasism that your country has.
I felt weird putting something into green tea but we put suger into English tea so maybe it's the same thing!:p
However, to me, the most important things are relationshop!
He is studying Japanese animetion at school.
He looked like a fuuny and friendly guy.
I enrolled an online English school a coupple of days ago.
Of cours, he's never at temples, shrains, chaches, and moskes.
There were variouse (types of) cakes there.
Today, I tried to call the hospital and I was able to get an apointment.
(so) OR (therefore) my friend advicsed me to write my journal in this site.
We went to Bexhill near Eastborne.
We went to see The Red Arrow show in Eastborne.
We saw two ponnies, a pig, and chickens. Many kids tried to feed them all the time.
Though it was regrettable that I got sick, I belive my disease developed in me a strong will to recover (alternative)
It starts in the afternoon, so I'm planing to go to the library in the mornig to read a book!
And he has learnt some japenese words.
The story consists mainly of piratie adventures, and the main character also has a special ability similer to Naruto's art of Ninjutu.
But I can't unbelivable she is having a baby at an early age.
I'd like to go by car, but it has been broken sinse two days ago.
last night my freind came to my house.
this moring I made her breakfast.
beaouse she thought that I am a good cook
I reccoment it to you.
I really wanted to go to the English school but I have stopped because the lessons were too expenssive.
so my friend advicsed me to write my journal on this site.
He can speak some japenese words.
