I found a discount price for the train ticket including an one day ski lift pass
I'm looking forward to going next sunday.
what's the difference between them?
I didn't write in my diary recently.
but, as with everytime I go to a bookstore, there were so many foreigners.
That's my misunderstanding and I thought how if I travelled to he US, the locals might think that I'm Chinese, or Japanese or some such......
I joined Lang-8 because I wanted to learn Japanese, but later I realised I needed to learn how to write Japanese to do so.
But now I enjoy helping Japanese people to learn German by correcting their writings.
I'm quite sure my spelling is creepy, and since the times back in school I 've been always using wrong tense forms,
I want to improve my English so I can pass the IELTS 6. 5.
The first song ``Rock' n 'Roll star`` really made everybody gonna crazy, and it's really really exciting!
But we need air conditioner because of the extremely hot weather in Shanghai.
It seems to be a very mysterious world.
First, grind the tomatoes and garlic. Next put the garlic and olive in a frying pan. After that, put some salt and pepper in with the tomatoes, then boil them.
It is a Monday morning.
Have I eaten something bad last night?
It's ``Qantas airline``, the most expensive company.
So this is going to be a first for me.
I examined a staff reporter's story and a news feature.
All the conversations we have are in English and sometimes Italian (but I never tried to speak in Italian).
Normally, I will study Chinese and English on Livemocha, though.
I enjoyed skating!!
I'm vulnerable to any kind of noise, especially at night.
Moreover, even if I fall asleep, I'm always easily awakened every time I hear a noise
This phenomenon makes me exhausted and inactive.
Occasionally, it seems to me like my alarm goes off without a sound.
Unfortunately, I don't notice the sound of my alarm as good as I do with small noises.
I'm going to start a part-time job earlier than I thought I would have to.
I like English, because English is not a very difficult language.
Although our languages are not the same.
Kamakura is a famous place for foreigners, visitors and surfers.
Banana pancakes, one of the popular menu items in there, were so good:D It contained recota cheese.
Hello, everyone.
I miss studying!
I sent her some songs from my friend who sent it to me so, I think my friend will love the matter that I sent it to her already, she asked me to give her other songs too.
I imagine.
Next week I think I will find a job soon because I relaxed enough.
On the 5th of this month is father day so usually buy somthing for my dad, at the moment I bought it already.
Do you have Farther's day in your country or not?
Recently, I have started using Facebook.
It is great to be able to communicate with friends in English, especially those living in foreign countries!
My goal is to be someone who can write down ideas, without mistakes, in English and communicate fluently with people all over the world.
I'm very happy, now I need to buy an iMac for development.
Maybe next month.
First time on Lang-8
After I logged on to this website, I felt I had just entered into the language of Disneyland, where u could find any language, and anyone from any part of the world at any time.
One of the most interesting thing I noticed is that u can improve your language level not only by talking online but by correcting others 'diaries, which anyone can add comments right below the diary to inform the writer of the mistakes he/ she made in his/ her article.
nowadays Im very crazy to watch movie ``s`` ``in`` ``english``
This causes a pause in my dialogue.
My Foreign Friend
We are both foreigners.
Especially if it's English.
Nearly all parents scold their children. But, when their children act wrong or make a momentous decision, parents are worried and anxious about their beloved's future,, because their children are their greatest pride.
I found out something about our differences.
But I was still happy because I bought a katana as a souvenir.
So I believe that I've already known grammar in English.
You can tell my lack of vocabulary and a bit short length of sentence is like a child's.
I'm learning a group of vocabulary to be acustomed with it efficiencly.
In Japan, someone lost their job, they could make their house out of cardboard.
We usually decorate hinadolls from the middle of February.
Because if the still decorated Hinadolls are on display after that day, it is said she will marry late.
Fortunately, I'm a sophomore now.
I'm especially not good at the reading and the grammar section.
Shocking LaLa mountain trip
The trip had a shocking incident which remains my head.
We were in a traffic jam on the way to LaLa mountain.
cockroach!!!
We killed `five cockroaches` that day and retained their corpses to show to the manager.
I remember that there were a lot of beautiful stars in the sky that night but I don `t recall anything else that happened...
I have started to write a diary to improve my English.
but it's sodifficult.
so I decided to write in this diary in English every day.
and I want to make many friends.
Now I am struggling with driving, I mean, in traffic.
I went to the hitting center.
I have recently practiced playing a song called ``Just Be Friends``.
My part-time job starts tomorrow and college starts the day after tomorrow.
I'm working hard!
``What happens next?
I don't know what I'll be writing about yet, but I'm sure I'll find something.
The classmates were from all over the world like Chinese, Korean, Bosnian and so on.
I'm an economics student in Kyoto. I'm keenly interested in innovation and investment science.
I'm going to barber to have my hair cut.
The word order of Korean is different from that of English.
And I have to go back to my homecountry next February.
In addition, we tend to differentiate our behavior according to our first impression.
One thing that I am concerned about is the inconvenience of short battery life.
More Advantages of Living in a Big City
I think I may well be able to make aussie friends over time but it is difficult.
In that sense, I've been studying English with my tutor lately.
Yet English as a second language is so hard to me.
I feel happy.
After the lunch, we went for coffee again.
Finally we went for crispy cream doughnuts and more talking.
It is my favorite!!
Therefore there is a modern/ up-to-date railway station, although if you prefer, the city also has a small airport.
C., for this reason nowadays the city conserves several Roman monuments like a wall, a theatre, a forum, and other important archaeological sites.
It's a wall on the mountain, and it defends the city.
Now, I have a slight headache> <
There is a very interesting phenomenon in Hong Kong.
About 400 years ago, ``Nakasendo`` was maintained as a main road from Edo (old Tokyo name) to Kyoto. The roast was also known as ``Tokaido``.
But this is my first job.
chatting with primary classmates, it rained heavily
nipple& pacifier
I usually don't care about these things, but just enjoy them as dramas.
After surfing through a music website, I found a song called ``Crush`` and clicked the ``play`` button. The melody brought me back to high school times.
I still remember when I wait around the street corner for half an hour just wanting to get a glimpse.
I was afraid you could hear my heartbeat, because it sounded so loudly...
total tragedy...
It's very tough and challenging for me to advertise my class next month, but I'll make an all-out effort.
Fortunately, my mom apologized for being stressed and grumpy when we sat in the car.
The first buyer I called got irritated because of my pronouncation.
Fortunately, I like to go on a journey alone and I decided to do it!
To make matters worse, the cost of transportation fees are expensive!!
I did not know what rural life is, and at first I was very confused with the differences between rural and urban.
In addition, Akita is one of the most famous rice producing regions,
But actually, I haven't seemed to have selected this job because I live in Busan. It is the second largest city. Busan is far away, a long distance from Seoul
and Seoul is the largest city. So, there was more than expensive
Anyway, now, I am feeling happy.
It has really interesting stories, but it's difficult to understand in English since they use a lot of medical words which I don't know.
House and his team fight against unusual medical cases.
Today, there is only one lesson, I? to see a movie after learning English.
lt is a purple print t-shirt!!
I haven't used Lang-8 for a long time
Yesterday it snowed heavily in Beijing and I went out to buy an MP3 player to listen to English songs ~
It takes my breath away.
I think the best way to learn English is to compose English sentences by myself.
Next diary want to write good sentences as soon as possible.
He is from Australia but he told me his father and mother are from New Zealand, which I think is really s strange.
another colleague made a business trip to China.
I wonder if my listening has improved now I can't understand and hear sometimes.
I need to prepar for it and I hope to spend nice winter holiday.
I'm studying Japanese, but I want to write a diary in English.
but, when I went to University, I found/ realized that there was no reason I should study English.
I used to follow the general norms and never thought about of it.
Our opposition are so good, our topic is ``Computers Will Substitute Books``.
he is lazy and useless.
By the way, almost all of my friends, including myself, think that foreign companies immediately fire employees when they make some mistakes, which is a bad image.
I was speaking about the fact that sometimes I get frustrated because I want to improve my Japanese.
For example, I read a book, use a computer, wash clothes etc.
Because of my life is not exciting and stressful.
I like Emma Watson.
I have to lose weight.
On Friday, I was working at my office as usual.
One headline said ``The fifth biggest earthquake in history occured in Japan.`` I did not really care, because strong earthquakes are very common disasters; it's kind of everyday experience in Japan.
She told me that her flat was not really damaged, but she had thought that she would die when the earthquake occurred.
So I told her that it was the best time to buy some Japanese construction firms 'stocks/ shares.
On friday and saturday, the prices of many Japanese stocks/ shares went down because of the earthquake, and definitely the Japanese government and companies will have to reconstruct everything.
which is something delicious!!
In this Saturday and Sunday I will be a prompter girl.
Hello, everyone!
I went to my friend's flat with my two other friends today, and I learned how to cook ``Purukogi`` (Korean food) for my Korean friend.
When we were buying minced beef, onions, cabbage and more, my friend surprised me when she took a kiwi fruit.
I have never seen it in Japan, the taste is mysterious.
Now I'm busy studying for final exams.
Obviously, our lives has changed enormously because of the use of computers.
However, like a double-edged sword, they bring negative things as well.
Now I always meet my friends from it and talk about our recent lives no matter whether they are in China or America or any other country.
However, it is nonsense to be on her side when she is very angry with me...
In this club, many non-English-native people whom was interested in English gathered and talked with other people in English for two hours.
Lately, this style is in fashion in Japan.
I thought it was useful lesson of speaking and hearing English.
``You bet`` he replied and dived into the water with his flashy long harpoon and disappeared into the dark violet.
I like leaning English, but my English is not good, I hope someone can help me.
I am a Korean university student.
It moved me and left a nice aftertaste on my heart.
I also love that of CAT 'S EYE, the beach where scene Hitomi got back her memory by the music box. It was so beautiful and pure.
All this period of my life I could characterise as a painful quest for self-development, which is really hard to achieve in the current situation, when almost all the time I'm busy at work, where I have no exact timetable that would allow me to go to language courses...
and I'm going to the Reading Festival to listen to Radiohead.
After the long over time last night
No, it is not a blade.
Sazae-san syndrome
I happen found out about this site from some blogger.
I negotiated a new business deal because my occupation is sales.
I visited many places, saw many beautiful sights, felt the good atmosphere, met many kind people, and took more than 1200 photos.
Hello everybody!:) I; m like to be here!
I like reading comics and watching movies in my free time.
Indeed, it is convenient.
If we had fewer vending machines, Japan would not need nuclear power plants and accidents such as ``Fukushima`` would not occur.
According to the informal, but still credible results, I succeeded in it!* This sounds more natural
The second part of the exam is going to be held on October 11.
Recently, our factory don't get enough orders so that we l are free are not so busy.
It is 21: 28pm, not too late but something happened, which made me realize English is really, really important for overseas people to live here.
He was sitting sideways on a chair and started talking to us, like just saying some greetings and shaking our hands then he was talking about his story and how he was in prison for 5 years as he did something bad (he is 21 now).
I am a fashion advisor.
It tells the story of man with a mild form of autism.
Throughout his life, he becomes many characters: a football player, a soldier, a fishermen, a gardener, and all of this (was achieved) with an IQ of 75.
In three years he runs the length and breadth of the United States.
The class which is chosen by the computer must go to the small island, and then the army makes them kill each other until there is only one survivor.
And then the ``program`` will start on the hopeless island.
It tasted a little light, so I added some soy sauce to it.
To prevent sunburn we can use items like sunblock that reduces the damage of the sun.
This news said that this programme,
It was unbelievable. We never wear coats in September or October.
It's the turn of the season now, so let's be careful not to catch/ get a cold.
I moved to Toronto last April and am supposed to stay here
Here in Toronto, I could manage to meet a lot of different people who
I'm planning to get a driver's license during spring break.
We have a custom of giving presents or dinning together to express our daily gratitude.
My shop deals with polo shirts and is famous for polo shirts, so it is packed with people.
Although my English is very poor, I hope can make many friend to learn a language together:)
I have a question about a sentence that I read:
Due to the high cost of textbooks in the school bookstore, I recently did some research and bought some books online.
One was the Stir-fried dried bean curd with shredded pork, and the other was the ``Three-cup Mushroom``.
I should not simply (only) compare Japan with Singapore, but around half the population in Singapore are foreigners.
So some normal Japanese English learners mindlessly believe that English lessons should be taught only in English.
It's storytelling with several pictures, and is a form of traditional Japanese entertainment.
All you need to do is put a seal-shaped IC gadget on the outside of the body.
Is the following information correct?
Master's Degree anticipated March 2012
Our lives are not so good, like everyone in this world, but, if we are mature, we know that we have the tools to make a difference and understand forgiveness is the key for a good life, a life who a few people choice, but is so refreshing. You should try.
I felt ``The PC is closed`` is something strange.
After my graduation, I will go to the cafe often.
As we all know, the attainment/ reaching of success is only realised through practising again and again, which had (has) been proved by so many famous people, such as Michael Jordan, Kobe, and so on.
I can't remember my Japanese teachers from when I was a beginner.
Why I say it's a problem is because the people I met when I came to Japan often said to me, 'Arumoo, your Japanese is so formal and you use many difficult kanji.'
I Just started. I'm very shy when speaking to strangers. My mother encouraged us to do it.
I came from YOKOHAMA after Igraduated from university.
Last Year I went to THAILAND first time.
I have a plan to travel to THAILAND this year.
Yesterday, I did research.
This was the second thing that was surprising.
Also, we listed to music and played with 2 babies who we didn't know. XD
Yeah, I don't have enough time to construct any ideas.
Differences in their culture, language, common sense, and politics.
The politics were especially different from Japan.
And more than 10000 people have evacuated to Turkey.
It's very interesting!
I hope we can study foreign language well!
She wants to try snowboarding next time.
That contribute to Japanese archeology.
Anyway I've got some sentences that I can't understand clearly.
But, working men or women have maybe 1 week summer vacations.
If one were to ask all the Japanese animation producers about the best Japanese animation, most of them would answer that the movie ``Akira`` is the best Japanese animation, better than anything else.
In my subconscious, I think of tomatoes as fruits, not as vegetables, although I know that tomatoes are vegetables technically.
I started Lang-8.
I have a band and we practice with the other members every. saturday.
I'm going to go to Minnesota.
Because I had a hard time finding keywords to do the research, I visited the library reference desk for the first time yesterday.
The librarian was helpful in telling me where to go to find the database and good keywords to do the research.
At last, he scheduled me for an appointment to meet with a librarianwho is good at business topics to help me out with my research.
I've just translated it from Japanese to English word by word.
Thanks!
I asked one of my friends living in Seoul becausei dont have lots of money
I brought a hot-water bottle.
I enjoy working!
so if you know any good countries or cities, please tell me ^ ^
Because my English becomes worse, and at June, I have to take part in the CET4, everybody said that the test was easy, but I don't think so.
I must spend more time in learning two foreign language.
I can n't deal with them well.
I went for a walk with my little brother.
Then, even though I showed him genuine bread, he still said that it looked like a conch shell.
Nowadays, I am watching an American drama named 'desperate housewives'.
So could you recommend another funny American dramas??
Today, I just discovered a [new] method to improve my writing skills.
woods: I managed to contact them four days ago but they didn't reply (to me) until this morning. They complained that we didn't contact them earlier.
I stopped for 2 years and then started to play piano again but with a different teacher:)
But I am scared when she teaches me, she gets angry easily and tells me to use my brain properly T_ T
We of_ course have not only English, we have another subjects to study!
at Macquarie because I'd like to improve my skill for writing, reading,
speaking and listening.
I often skateboard (/ go skateboarding) resently.
My wrists always help me, and they trim (?) my condition.
Skateboarding is such a dangerous sport but a more than interesting sport!
I found this website in a magizine.
I was surprised to see so many people here speaking several different languages.
She taught me it carefully enough for me to understand easily.
There was an autumn festival at the neighbourhood temple.
Or should I say, ``He picks up girls after he turned 30.``
Are they different from ``not good`` and ``not bad`` respectively?
My grandmother died seven years ago, when she was ninety-five, after lying in a hospital bed for about ten years.
Right after she moved to the hospital, I would go see her.
I don't need a long life expectancy, just a life that I'm satisfied with.
Do I use this site steadily?
because I could understand some news in English on TV. join with sentence above
I play the bass guitar in my band.
So I studying about musical instrument and constitution of the music.
I tried to read the notes for 'Heart of Gold' by Neil Young.
Here is a YouTube video of 'Heart of Gold' sung by Neil Young.
Today, I took a driving lesson. It was my third time and it was quite good.
I noticed that one of the most difficult things in English is caring about singular and plural form of the words I use.
My friend's birthday party
We enjoyed beer at a restaurant.
Tell me why you don't answer me even though I texted you and called you more than two times. Plus, its been twenty four hours already....
Clearly, I told told you lie intentionally when you asked me whether I will study in the U.
I feel like I'm a little weird, but my friend told me that he scolds himself like ``Stupid!!
Anyway I don't know whether I can continue to post diary entries.
I have studied English very hard everyday, but I hardly speak English.
And I want to make a lot of friends who are native speakers.
Yesterday was my younger sister's birthday!
I will be very happy if you become my friend and inform me of any mistakes concerned with grammar or expressions!!
There are many differences between English grammar and Japanese grammar.
English grammar is ``S (subject) + V (verb) + O (object)``
But Japanese grammar is ``S + O + V``.
So, sometimes I can't understand and I can't speak.
It's not that I'm begging for your company, at least (not?) at this moment!!
I can't carry out a conversation right away.
She quit high school and used to leave home.
We don't usually eat our meals at the table, rather we eat sitting on the floor.
You can feell your bellies getting full early when you eat sitting on floor
but there is a few problems sometimes. For example, people who aren't used to sitting on the floor can feel numb so they can hardly walk when they stand up if they sit for too long.
atarashii tango.
But I reserved early, so I could buy the return tickets at about half price.
I'm so happy that it will be spring break from tomorrow and am looking forward to be in the next grade after the break.
So, I personally believe that we should pay more attention to our behavior; and cherish our food in the canteen.
I finished the English Academy course/ classes last Friday, so I am an unemployed person now.
This is the last interview to enter the company.
I don't have confidence but I don't want to charge.
To do some meaningful things on tree planting day, we should hold some activities like getting students to plant trees.
It is meaningful for us to be close to nature and do some manual labor.
So, we mostly spent time staying inside like in a theater, a restaurant, a pub, a bar.
I read an article describing that the main factor could not be the CO2, but it could be due to the amount of activity of the Sun.
Today's morning I found this service by chance.
I am now working as a medical staff and doing experiments.
Recently I had a chance to talk with exchange students.
I want to communicate with native Americans but it was very difficult.
In the restaurant or supermarket, I cannot understand what they said perfectly.
My hobbies are snowboarding, golf, snorkeling and traveling.
Please somebody help me and I will help you with chinese.
friend with benefits??
what does ``friend with benefits`` mean?
I searched about it, and found out it's being ``closer than friend, but not in relationship``
if a guy and a girl like each other, it makes no sense to stay as a ``friend with benefits,`` right?
I saw the major league baseball.
I felt scared and remembered the Fukushima earthquake.
I went to Canada to study the English language.
I wish speak English very well to communicate with people around the world.
I live in Vancouver it's an interesting city.
My dear friends and teachers on Lang-8!
I delated my tutor's check mark. I did the opposite action. many people were surprised at me so I'm very ashamed.
Luminarie was designed to give residents hope and light to
But when I played the saxophone it was very fun!!
So I love the saxophone today.
I went to the gym to exercise my muscles.
Shu uemuraand Mac is famous brands.
Also, it practiced my listening, because all of the speakers have good speech.
Actually, I really want to stand where these speakers stood.
I am looking forward to meeting the other lab members and feeling the atmosphere of another country.
It has 8 writing tests that takes 17 hours and 7 marking tests that takes 5 hours and 30minutes.
2 hours writing test in civil law, 2 hours writing test in civil procedure law, and 2 hours writing test in commercial law.
I'm waiting to receive the I-Phone4 I already reserved
to fiding new information about the delivery
Today was complete holiday for me.
And a very unfortunate happening.
Kanshi recitation
Kanshi literally means poem written grammatically in ancient Chinese and recited in Japanese.
Singing is also very healthy for people because they need tough vocal cords.
These days the weather is getting hot with a lot of strong sunshine, but today's rain made the temperature go down so I felt a little chilly outside.
Until a few months ago, I was very happy to get the free time, but since last month I've felt so bored with my life even if I spend several hours in my institute for studying English every day,
The nation's low labor costs which is only $ 2 a day but $ 3. 5 ~ $ 4. 5 in Thailand and $ 4 ~ $ 8 in China attract foreign companies.
Now the Indian government aggressively lures foreign companies after being the biggest outsourcing recipient because of its low labour costs.
I want to practice my English so I'm writing this (journal) entry:)
If she did revive, I would have been happy even she would have become a violent cat like in ``Pet cemetery`` written by Stephen King.
I need to speak English on business.
I have endurance tests once a year, and they are significant for me to evaluate my physical condition.
In the process, many students were afraid of running 1000 metres because we had been inactive in daily life.
I was arranged in a team, which has 22 members in total, and we would start together.
Even for a substandard athlete, the time was too much (slow).
This was (still) remarkable, considering that I had had so much laziness in my life.
She always helped me.
I've fallen in love with a chair called Rocky (in fact this is a rocking chair with a modern design) but unfortunately it costs about 3000 PLN (1 PLN is approximately 03 USD), almost three times my salary
Our favourite restaurant.
I found this site today, and I want to communicate with somebody.
Today, when I looked over the web with my friend, I found this website, I find that it is really useful for us to improve our lanauage lskills, I'm very happy that I can express myself here.
Three shots of adrenaline, one shot of panic, five shots of cowardice.
But we cannot decide which country to go to.
And on that day, we were overwhelmed with her excellent dishes right away.
She made a lot of ``yamu-cha``, that is Taiwanese cuisine, and not only that
Pirates of the Caribbean 4
I'll go to theater to watch Pirates of the Caribbean 4.
Hello, everybody!
Of course, you should avoid religious or political topics.
Each lesson takes just 25min, which fits the period of time on which I can concentrate.
Nonetheless, I still think that I have to build my vocabulary and learn to
Learning from Filipinos has made me take interest in their country and culture.
They are generous, patient, and cheerful all the time.
Interview for studying abroad
Today, I had an interview for studying abroad.
Maybe, I cannot study abroad.
it was very delicious.
Today I have an assignment and more work.> <;
Happy New Year, everyone.
I'm wondering if I should buy a new one.
In addition, Jennifer Aniston became my favourite actress since then.
3 months ago, we just had a big disaster in the Tohoku region with a tsunami wave.
Hello everyone!!
Most of Taiwanese, they depreciate both athletes and sports.
Always, I have admired neighbor countries, such as Japan and Korea, who surely put high emphasis on their sports.
I wish that one day I could see Taiwanese people and the government pay more attention to sports, and treat athletes well, giving them more benefits and wellfare.
If you know these artist please give me a comment.
Until now, I don't know how to use this site so please teach me.
My boyfriend is a more (older?) than me by 12 years, he always takes care of me and love me.
Recently, he had a fight me, because I did something that made him lose his fase. (face?)
I justpretend to know nothing.
It is very humid and hot, so we are uncomfortable.
I can bring some spring rolls and clues.
I became friends with him first, and he said he would teach me gospel piano for free! (good deal again.) So I was taking his lesson once a month.
He was teaching a half year seminar (or class) of gospel piano and he invited me there. (It was not for free! haha)
After I finished that seminar, he asked me and one more student to play at his choir's gospel concert.
Because it was our first time playing at the concert so my friend and I were soooo nervous about it.
The concert was very good and it became a pleasant memory for us.
A world famous athlete who was a champion in the 2008 Olympics took his mistress home, and was interrogated by his wife.
I felt lonely because we had good relations.
I have studied English for my career and to see many internet sites all over the world.
However, when she meets my baby, she never forgets [it].
I sometimes have meetings with our overseas local staff in English.
Maybe there are some different ways of thinking between us.
I'm look forward to your reply.
He is a historical person from the end of Edo age.
I will go to Hokkaido on a school excursion.
When I was junior high school, I went to Okinawa on a school excursion.
If I go to Hokkaido, I want to eat some delicious food.
Vacation Plan
Fortunately, the reason of the death was not an assassination conspiracy, but a heart attack
But the problem appeared after he died.
So people who are in the progressive camp think that the politician from North Korea does not deserve to be buried in the National Cemetery.
And the people who are in the progressive camp insist that the conservative camps are using the death of the North politician as a their political position, giving them the advantage.
One woman politician, who is in the progressive camp, announced her opinion that she and the party she belongs to will (?) not mention their political opinion over the hereditary regime system in North Korea.
Some other people who are in the conservative camp also hurled criticism and said mocking things to her.
Then, a gentleman from a foreign country escorted me.
Yesterday I watched a volleyball game between Japan and Korea.
However, she taught a new member good technique and attitude.
For any native speaker of English learning Japanese
I am Takuya and I am Japanese.
If you are studying Japanese, I will help you in return.
I always wanted to become an animator or illustrator, but now I'm studying jounralism.
First, the actors performed the process of dying with horror.
Second, the special effects were added to the preliminary video.
Illustrators put a worm's mouth on a hapless guy's head and then let more worms swarm on his body...
I finally discovered what melody it was, I have heard it occasionally since childhood. as I was looking for another song on YouTube.
I have a speech next Thursday.
It's some knowledge of cheeses.
Second, an example of a famous cheese.
Maybe you've heard of Camembert before.
It's soft and covered with Penicillium, which gives it a white appearance.
Camembert de Normandie is around 10. 5 ~ 11cm in diameter, normally 3cm in height, and at least 250g in weight.
In october 1790, Marie Hareil, a habitant of Camembert village defended a priest from those who belonged to rupubli. <--republic?
Especially because it is useful when I talk with French people
Because there are many kinds of cheese in France and the French love them.
Thanks for listening.
Snow Leopard, Apple's newest operating system, was launched today, August 28th.
I like the European climate.
I live in a small Ukranian city, that is why I cannot find suitable courses in my town.
:) Especially with strawberry jam inside.
It is a radio station which is literally the American Forces in Japan broadcast.
They are American country songs, sixty's or seventy's rock, and so on.
I drove too much lately and I'm feeling tired.
The lifes are different from their choices.
And when we come back from karaoke,
we went to the school's library and watched 2 movies.
Ato said, ``The one who is going for the first time should be at the head of team, because it is easy climbing for the rest of us.``
Then we went down to the starting point and split up at 11 P.
I'm watching the TV news now. It says over 1300 people died or are missing.
Many companies adopt this test as one of the conditions for promotions or opportunities for employees to brush up their English skills.
The digital stick for old people, iPhone
The voice recorder releases older people from input their sentences from a small keyboard.
If we prepare the crowd input system for old people,
I think that old people need SMS more than us,
but it's very difficult to use SMS for older people.
With iPhone we can put various colors on old people's lives.
Hello, my name is Joanna.
I will be grateful for all corrections.
Of course, I like science and I really like English, too!
Because one of my friends recommended Lang-8,
I feel comfortable being with him.
My promotion would delay marriage and the birth of my first child.
Today, I watched the movie ``Knowing`` starring Nicolas Cage.
I don't know whether I am intoxicated or not. Unlike Mark Zuckerberg, I'm not a genius.
``Tomo-chan, elbows off the table.``
I am really happy with Lang-8.
Weekend and spider
I want to be an interpreter or a translator in the future.
My friends introduced me to this place, and I hope I can be friends with you.
I am writing to you because I want you to deal with a problem.
The heating system in my house stopped working two weeks ago.
Now, I am spending an uncomfortable life here.
I urgently want you to fix the heating system.
I want new jeans and etc.
In June I will be starting a master's degree in accounting and I would like to find a job in that but I feel nervous about the interview, because my speaking is not very good.
life would be harder because childcare in Australia is very expensive.
I first started studying English in junior-high as is usual in the japanese educational system, but at first I was not interested in English and not very good at English and I just started English as a part of studying for tests.
03. NOVEMBER. 2009 DIARY
Recently, I do not see the goal/ reason for studying english.
Why do I study English and yet my command of English is not improving?
After I get used to it, I want to use a Chinese conversation service using Skype.
Firstly, it helps to organise and express thoughts in an appropriate way for clear understanding.
You may want to disagree with this but it is said that caffeine makes you dehydrated and your blood flow less smoothly.
So one time I really got hung up and I came back home I told my mother that I won't leave a mess again and that I will always clean up, and then my mother said ``I was going to tell you about leaving a mess, and scold you but you really realized it on your own, so I forgive you... later don't do that.``
I wanna say hi to all:)
then it turns out that I really hate it.
I know since it is a yearly activity!!
All of his friends envy him, of course.
So far I have been able to pass fairly difficult exams and achieve good results in various soccer competitions.
Nevertheless I know that if I don't put in a great deal of effort, I will not be able to reach such a bright future.
Today a friend of mine recommended this website to me,
She feels nervous about the test.
I hope that I can find more friends with common hobbies.
It was a wine from Barcelona because I remembered one of my friends from Catalonia recommended it to me one day.
If you read this, I'm sorry my diary is not an interesting one, but I would like to recommend you the bottle of wine which I mentioned above.
I start studying English and finance!
Osaka is famous for Yakuza, Takoyaki and Okonomiyaki.
So our campus is so beautiful and the facitities is complete.
I think everything is perfect for us in China nowadays.
We just drink beer and play computer games everyday even if we have classes or not.
Yesterday, I started studying for IELTS.
I want friends, whose mother tongue is English.
I preferred chili to any hamburgers in Wendy's, so I ordered it as my final order.
I don't like to write with a fude, because I've never learned Shodo.
I had learned Shodo after I grew up, but still bad..
I always wanna learn foreign languages and I can learn many languages here.
It is difficult for me to retain German words and grammar.
Other countries have other problems, which are purse snatching, murder and terrorism.
When he calls, he says urgently that he needs some money because of a car accident.
This fraud is dirty, because it takes advantage of someone's kindness and family love.
It has pictures of sandwiches.
But, the sandwiches are not the kind we expect.
There are many unique sandwiches which were designed using ham and cheese to make a shape of something.
well, It's my first time that talking with a foreigner by telephone.
of course, It could be boring to her because she had to treat innumerable people like me.
Chinese, South East Asians and Koreans were killed by Japanese soldiers.
The results of my TOEFL were released on Wed.
Luckily, the landlady was a very rich and honest person.
Sometimes I dream that I could sow a sun in my heart, then, I would never suffer from the pessimists, such as fear, sadness, and anger--
Students in the class congratulated him on this great news.
This is my ID, this is my passport! ``and he said,`` Your passport doesn't show your eyes and hair color. ``I was so surprised!!
I really could not believe that she used to have a crush on my friend.
Until now, I still couldn't figure out the reason.
Tomorrow, I have an international party at the UBC.
I don't have a clue about anything.
All I can do is imagine my ideal future.
I'll do whatever I can to get my ideal future.
I'm currently studying International Studies at college located in Shizuoka prefecture in Japan.
Really, my motivation toward my major is just decreasing day by day.
Particularly, from January onwards, most Japanese college students will be job hunting like crazy.
Regarding this topic, opinions are probably divided.
First, as I mentioned above, job hunting at this time is too early for students to deal with, so this silly sequence (?) must be inefficient for sure.
When I was in college, my psychology teacher told me everyone would be prone to get mild depression under loneliness and pressure, which is a psychological sickness that is always ignored due to its (mild?) level.
However recently I found one of my friends also got depression with insomnia, loneliness, and fear..
I covered the story of a baseball tournament which was between teams of children from all the protectories in Japan.
(A protectory is a training school for boys and girls who have troubles
Playing baseball is teaching them how to develop confidence, try things with friends, make an effort and succeed.
One boy wrote a diary entry about how he hopes his mother in heaven watches him play.
One boy who hit his mother wrote a letter that he would play well, as his mother's birthday gift.
Thank you for visiting my page.
Especially the ``cabbage croquette``.
I have heard of an article about some foreigners living in Japan who always put perfume on them self when they lived in their country.
I sometimes notice that someone smell's, but I can't do anything so It doesn't matter!
I came across a foreigner who smelled bad to me because he put on too much.
I recovered from the flu after taking medicine. <<<<
Tomorrow, I must take a speaking test!!
While listening to music, we can eat American foods such as hamburger, spaghetti, steaks and so on.
I would like to listen to music everywhere, everytime!
That's why Hard rock restaurant is special for me!!
This journal is published from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT).
I completely agree with her opinions.
I learned about the history in preparation of the tour.
I sang many English songs, like Britney, Avril, Taylor Swift, and so on.
He seems to think the teacher is asking us about the seasonings.
Another person answered that ``It is essential to clean up the knife before and after cooking, not smoking before cooking, to not put make up on your face and to not wear any perfume.`` (Interesting!)
Tomorrow, I will test another machine.
I hope that the test will suggest a good performance.
I also hope to go California in the USA someday.
Nintendo shipped 400000 game consoles and almost all distributors sold out withintwo days.
Of course, I live a happy life and am satisfied by it.
According my knowledge, a travel is longer than a trip and needs more than one month.
I thought they are famous thai foods.
This is the first time I write in English because I was studying Spanish in Latin American countries, so that I wrote here in Spanish before.
But now, I have been studying English since March and I need to write in this language to improve my writing skills.
I suffered much stress when I was studying Spanish and I already know that to learn languages is so difficult for me (Japanese and English are totally different also Spanish), but after learning Spanish I finally noticed the importance of the language, it is worldwide!!
if I am able to speak these languages I am sure that I can travel around the world, I think.
Tomorrow, I'm going to graduate from school.
After tomorrow, it'll be a long time that can't see my friends.
I felt it was very difficult for me.
There are old people, young people, men and women....
The worse thing is that in my local library there aren't a lot of books so I can choose between hard ones and romances (Maybe I will look for some books more closely.)
I went to Tokyo for a business trip. I went to Appi in Iwate for snowboarding.
Of course I have been working weekdays.
I have two daughters and a husband.
The residents of California are afraid of the news that the big one will occur soon.
I might be speechless.
And basically, it's difficult to answer with accurate grammar.
And it takes time to answer, unfortunately.
Well, I will do my best! I'm not sure how well I can do, though.
Maybe people live in their native countries a long time.
French is very difficult
I learn French with my friends.
My friends has French books but I don't have one.
My friends said ``You must buy a French book!``
So I bought a French book.
Please recommend a nice French book to me.
Mariners starting pitcher Doug Fister.
I like his pitching style.
Especially, I am good at cooking sweets.
I enjoy these programs a lot.
I was bit afraid to watch that without written help.
There is comedy and romance in this show.
Some guy, who is old, I still couldn't figure out his job, he brought the dude over to his house.
I watch TV for many hours and pray for safety/ the safety of the victims.
Last evening, I helped an employee in the office do a job for a long time.
I helped her separate a document.
I have had a problem with my internet for a long time
On Sunday this weekend, my French friend, and me we will play badminton.
because, there is no wind all the time.
I ate lunch but, nevertheless, I'm hungry.
My first diary!
There are many interesting shops, good restaurants, and the view at night is beautiful.)
Well, I'll write next diary soon:)
What was special about this place?
Give reasons and details to support your answer.
Kochang, my hometown, is known for beautiful mountains, eel and itshot springs.
I'd lived in a dormitory before; it was so noisy so doing things like reading books or listening to music was very difficult.
It is safe to leave my stuff on my desk in an apartment, and I can enjoy my personal life without bothering anyone.
but I noticed that I don't have enough vocabulary in my spoken english
Which character do u like the best?
I have a lot of things to memorize in the history.
They may have to spend so much time memorizing the events and years that they could easily get tired of them.
I still need a lot of time to memorize lots of events and years.
It seemed to be simple and easy to use.
You succeeded at what???
Learning Chinese
Because I'm Japanese and we use same or similar characters
The first part was ``An introduction of this novel`` the narator said.
Surprisingly, as soon as the baby was born, he said, ``Grandpa``.
But it is different from yukata and kimono.
I went to a Chinese restaurant with a friend who is Chinese.
He is in Japan as a foreign student and so he is a young man.
An interesting day
It was difficult to commute them.
The strongest wrestler, Asashorhu, Yokozuna, beat his friend up when he was drunk.
It is said that the Yokozuna should be polite and has to be a good model.
This violence by the Yokozuna is a first case in the Sumo's hundreds of years of history.
Last year I took a two-year leave from my work and went back to grad school.
They can probably explain English grammar to us in English and Japanese.
There were a lot of foreign students there.
You should be important now. (?)
I think, I can speak better english if I dedicate more time to practice.
the meeting room has been in a deadly silence since this morning.
I was too busy to write daily.
I will work at my university from February to March.
Someone said that the first two hours of the morning are golden hours, and if we want to do intelligent work, we ought to do it during those hours.
Today I uploaded a picture for my Lang-8 profile page.
I found this sentence in my English book and thought it didn't make any sense:
I will live here until next month.
The plants seems to be called Kalanchoe or Clonechoe.
The vendor of the phone said it would be sold mid-December.
We went to Kimita onsen after work with my husband.
That was comfortable.
Second, I soak in the bath lightly.
It will be released as a film in 2010.
I'm a doctor in Japan.
I'm interested in English, space and especially being an astronaut.
Although, Chile is very far away from Japan, about half a circle of the earth,
50 years ago there was an enormous earthquake near Chile, too.
They brought me to Mitsuwa in New Jersey.
Cicadas are crying as hard as they can during the summer and at the end of the hottest time in a year, they will die out.
Holidays! Oh, eee!
Fortunately, I believe in it basically.
I bought a jacket, a skirt, two t-shirts, a one-piece and a backpack!
If you have a opportunity, please read it!
I went to the internet cafe to sent a message to my language study friend. I could not sent it so I also read a website called Wikipedia.
After I went to the internet cafe, she called me and said that she returned to Bangkok already. She said that she was going to the JJ market and asked me to go there too. However I plan to wash my hair at the hair salon and read a book at the bookstore instead.
TOEIC is a popular test for all people studying English, I think.
So I may have to reconsider my plan to study English...
I need to go to the citizens 'advice bureau because I need to get the address on my passport changed.
So I've always wanted to learn how to dance.
Tomorrow, I'll write my diary in French..!
For it is more important for me to learn how to learn and become well rounded.
For example, it is very important to learn how to deal with interpersonal relationships.
When the one week cancelation was over, I went back to the regular life in college.
I caught four shoplifters in two months.
I saw through their eyes, they looked sad and apathetic, so I decided to ask, why
It is a popular Koreanalcoholic drink.
The box was from Fraisier in the neighboring city.
It makes blood pressure going down.
How beautiful to have your love.
We didn't met since Thrusday!
We don't have our own flat and we don't have enough money to buy it.
Recently I didn't sleep, so I took the medicine.
According to the papers, some psychiatric drugs cause a bad dream when people stop taking it. (some cause when they're using it)
Google Analytics is the web service for analyzing visitors of Homepages or blogs.
This is the visitor's char of my blog in Japan.
I can't understand why the number of visitors from Tokyo is larger than that of other cities.
I have many essay assignments.
The more I keep doing soccer, the better my body condition becomes.
There is a chance that I can enter for free and study French and English.
But now I think it `s good that I` ll study French.
One American food that I remember from when I visited Chicago is the Stuffed Pizza!
You could be patient for 3 or 4 years, until beeing successful with your business or not.
Now I very regretful that I didn't do it.
Thank you all for visiting today's journal entry.
Now I belong to the department of Dentistry and I'll have to take national exam...
I know but the first impression tend to have a significant impact.
I had coffee, toast and a salad with balsamic vinegar.
My best friend is a tattoo artist.
Please someone give me a bento.
Unbelievable!
However, the strange thing is that I've gradually become so strong drinking alcohol.
It is my first time to live in a foreign country so everything is new to me:)
It's a very serious problem because I can't even catch the content of the assignments.
Yesterday, I missed submitting my assignment because of my poor listening skills.
Sometimes they are foam balls or styrofoam. And when there isn't enough money simply crinkled newspaper sheets.
This book is published by KBS (Korea Broadcast Service?
It is broadcast on the radio every morning at 6 A.
And today is the 4002nd episode.
A majority of Japanese people think that if the Fukushima disaster hadn't happened, Japan could recover much faster.
On top of that, local governments relatively far from Fukushima prefecture recently bowed to public pressure and finally started more detailed investigations on radiation levels.
I found a video on youtube that taught you how to solve a rubik's cube. That reminded me that my father bought me a rubik's cube when I was a kid, but I don't know how to solve it.
That video motivated me to try and play with it again. I looked for my rubik's cube all around my room, but I couldn't find it so I decided to buy a new one.
You may mix them together with discretion.
Eventually, dip them in your sauce ~!!
I went to bed hoping that the typoon was very strong and that it would bring a lot of rain in the area.
Of course, he was dead.
I bought a new cellphone.
I bought a new cellphone today.
For example, he cites video games as a major reason why children nowadays are suffering from obesity.
To my disappointment s, there was no net and no TV.
so I couldn't go outside all the day.
I want to leave here immediately.
I miss my computer, my dog, books, CD, etc...
I went to have my driver's license renewed this morning.
This fair starts on the 16th and it ends on the 25th I think, so I think I will go at the beginning.
In Japan, the weather is very bad and muggy these days...
You can eat a lot of oysters in 90 minutes.
Now I don't play, but enjoy listening to the modern jazz music.
The institution issued a report in which they compared 22 country's economic potential and their efforts in supporting OR to support other counties.
How do we support them so that they may survive and improve themselves?
Some researchers and socialists say that only giving money would not be the right way to help.
But if you ate it once you would change your mind.
And I think whether the food is strange or not is not so important.
Today I'll explain why I'm studying English.
When I was at work, the sound of an explosion surprised me.
I would especially like to go to Waseda, which is one of the most important places for me.
I also remembered the day when I finished the speech, my hand still shook a little, haha, but now I got it.
My English is not good, so I want to get to know English-Speaking people.
Thank you for reading.
They enjoy searching for their mates.
A while ago I planned to take the Japanese Level proficiency test in December, but after I got the forms I had to fill out, I chickened out with excuses like ``I'll never be able to learn the Kanji I need in six months``, or ``school is going to get in the way`` and things like that. [1]
I'm sure sometime I'll take the test, but at the moment I barely have the time to study Japanese regularly.
It's quite difficult between work and school, especially since exam time is starting again. (They are not exactly exams, more like very important tests, but I don't know the English word for it). [2]
Some kimonos are really expensive but most of them are very beautiful.
Unstable weather
That is why UNIQLO loved by many young people.
Today, I read a research paper, saying UNIQLO is most popular brand among the younger generation especially those who love the simple life.
Please check my poor English.
So now I'm thinking about tomorrow's conversation topics.
However, I don't think that death is the best way to punish those who commit a high crime.
There are too many reasonsto make me agree or disagree with the death penalty.
because the end of the story is always sad.
I'll working Japanese company as a operator.
I am planning to take a trip to Thailand next February.
And next I will try to find very very cheap flight.
I'm forwarding to visiting Thailand.
It is very warm and the cherries are very beautiful.
So, please check my diary.
ooh....
I'm a Japanese high school student.
One of my dreams has come true, and of course I continue to pursue my other dream!!!
I study hard recently to get driver's license.
it is extreamely boring.
and I have to go to bed cuz tomorrow's lesson will start early in the morning.
I bought 4 packs of Sushi and delicious beer.
The purpose is not only sightseeing, but also opening up a bank account.
Fortunately I 'was in time for work but paid a lot of money to repair the tyre.
However, I cannot study because
I don't know why I like the kids very much. Maybe it's because they has a pure heart? But in my life, I don't have children friends.
Now I'm translating ``Just a feeling`` by maroon5.
My neighborhood is like a ghost.
Mallard passed away because her husband returned home.
If we analyze the situation, we will find that she feels happy due to the death of her husband not because she dislikes him, but because she is oppressed by being married/ by marriage in general.
On getting married, an American woman in the 19th century would lose her freedom, her sense of independence and most importantly, her identity.
Therefore, a wife would be happy after the death of her husband since it meant the death/ end of the oppression of being married/ of marriage.
This is to say a scar of glory.
My kindle is Wi-Fi-only, so connection was essential to get books online.
Does it require additional cost?
However, taking a course for four hours (two courses a day and three days a week) drives me crazy...
This is so comfortable clothing for summer season.
This is Wafuku, but so cheap one and most of all Japanese girls have it.
I like a very warm place and I tried to adjust the temperature of the apartment but that didn't work.
I am SO GLAD that I came home. I don't want to go out for a long time until the weather gets warm.
When I got off the train at the station, I fell into the gap between
My name in Japanese means Cherry Blossom.
At the moment I can't use Spanish at all, and I don't know even know the Spanish alphabet.
I ate a big dinner on Wednesday to recover my h (a) emoglobin.
If you can't get a satisfactory score, it means you can't go to the best
I can write about my mood or interesting things in a foreign language everyday.
In classrooms, professors sometimes say bless you while giving lectures.
DoyoBoshi (read recent journal) isn't done yet because Japan especially our county have been cloudy or rainy day for those days.
The shop was on a narrow road off the main street.
People who are really rich are rich because they are rich in spirit, not only rich in money.
I used to study hard as well as I played hard, and I'd like to pamper myself occasionally.
Don't be so tense, get winded! A nice mood can help you to work more efficiently when you return to your work.
Then my partner in the game made a grim face ^ ^
There were few friends who lived with their grandparents.
The main businesses of Ufa-are oil refining and manufacturing.
Oil is refined to gasoline, kerosine, diesel fuel and so on.
Manufacturing is of aviation engines and miscellaneous parts and fittings for airplanes.
I worked in an insurance company. I am a system administrator in the Ufa office of a Russian insurance company.
But I am sometimes nervous, I cannot speak English well!
Today, one of my host father's friend took me to see many interesting places inhis car.
There were no words to express my gratitude.
First was vocabulary, Next was grammer.
It `s my laziness, and it` s really difficult for me to write something here, even little posts take a lot of time.
Please give me your advice
I was very suprised to hear that.
I am now producing a Rice T-shirt.
It's raining.
Weather report says ``there will be snow.``
Because my mother bought that for me for the first time
to describe that we are very tired; how to say it in English?) I must go to work.
I want to become better in English, even if just a little.
I am going to give a presentation on this Thursday about my research project.
Recently, my favorite team is not good.
I am biqi and I want to study both english and arabic.
I sudied english in college. (a very little bit)
(Thank you, Jason!) Let me practice using the idiom ``open oneself up`` here.
He looked at the beautiful mirror room in the middle of this lay a dead dog.
It is the cheapest one and cost about 100 dollars.* cost = past tense
But now I realize that GPS systems are very useful and even the cheapest one is very reliable.
But very delicious Sushi are very expensive.
In my hometown there is Kinkakuji temple which is a building that is covered in gold.
Then we went to a recently opened shop called Bapple.
Every time I eat sweets like mousse pudding or cookies, my friend would tease me: ``if you keep eating these things, eventually no man will marry you!``
As a matter of fact, I could hardly listen to what they were saying, because they spoke so fast.
He articulated consonants very clearly.
I called the ETS lost and found office and left a message according to the directions.
So far, I haven't gotten a call from them, but hoperfuly they will inform me.
At 5pm, we met at the classroom and walked to the pub.
Some of them, such as the Swiss guy who organized the party for us, the Chinese girl and the South Korean girl would leave Edmonton soon, so we took so many pictures.
The South Korean guy turned 25, so we definitely cerebrated him.
baseball, tag, or hide-and-seek with their friends.
please check the following sentence. (grammar and logical)
They also have many competitors.
Unfortunately, I couldn't join BNO (boys night out) tonight because of my job.
I can't stop reading, so, recently I am staying up late.
At the beginning of Aug, I went to Europe and Dubai by myself for 2 weeks to see my friends.
The tornado will pass.
It's a really nice place but there's sometimes a bit of trouble.
When I was a university student, I heard a terrible story.
The father felt like he was going crazy and was terrified of the boy.
``It is a good daily practice for me so that I study English hard at the moment`` Watch your spelling!
``The newspaper I read is called' The Japan Times. '``
I want to sing English songs with perfect pronunciation.
It drives me nuts sometimes.
Oh, I didn't know that I wrote so much. This is another problem; once I start writing about my true feelings, I can't stop..
I had a lot of time, but I didn't do anything.
Today, I took a diagnostic TOEFL test in order to begin the process of preparing for this exam. My score was only 496 points (on a scale of 310 to 677) This reminded me of how difficult the English Certifications Exams are.
Even the pleasure boats on the Tosabori river were covered with jolly lights.
I happened to see the lighting ceremony, and I saw a governor of Osaka.
There are many gift shops selling things which are cute, fascinating and nicely decorated.
Their smile really makes me happy and relieves me in turn.
I start to plan at least one month before the day of the event.
Every time I make gifts, I always enjoy the event itself through such a process.
But after our stupid president made the decision, our government said that speaking English is the key to becoming a global country and they are going to enforce English education on the people.
This will help our kids to understand other people and other countries.
Obama's transportation plan
If possible, you should use (the) ice sold at the liquor shops.
There was a sudden braking with vibrations and rattling noises.
Finally I've finished my exams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't have a job, so I can enjoy my spare time, which I spend doing funny things..
In fact, I have been there like ten times before, specifically to my grandpa's flat two blocks from the beach. I feel it's my place in the world.
dinner was delicious.
the next day at the wedding I went sightseeing.
I went shopping and had delicious food like takoyaki.
Have you ever been depressed?
``Have you ever been depressed?``, I was asked this question today by one of my associates.
I could not understand what he said.
I mean, when I use English, I can't tell my feelings completely because I have poor vocabulary.
My parents were worried and I decided to study Korean and a little of English, too.
Studying korean is very funny, but I don't know about grammar. I'm learning the korean alphabet, named hangul, It's very interesing.
Now, I will have dinner. Good night everyone!
The Great Gatsby
In the spinning room, you ride the bike fixed to the ground, and under the guidance of the coach, you can ride to the rhythm of the passionate music.
First, I thought it didn't matter to sit any place, but actually I was wrong.
I work a parttime job hard three times a week and I'm given enough
Ely Cathedral
There are two types: one is the iPhone, the other is Android.
Maybe you would think of the Olympic games, the New York Yankees, the Chicago Bulls, etc.
They didn't turn on the heat yet, because the weather isn't cold enough to do that.
Finally, thank you Brendan because you encouraged me.
After that, I hope I can further my studies and become a linguistician.
You cannot drive from 10 p. m. to 6 a. m. the day after, on Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday and the day before and the ten legislative holidays.
Of course, it is not meaning that is to go forward without any care.
K-BOX has a free car service, we took the car when we went there and return back to school.
Then, people who shake the two dices, the number added in total if it's 7, then you can add a certain amount of beer to the glass if the glass is not full yet.
So everyone celebrated my birthday and gave me presents.
Last year the government settled a new traffic rule to wear a helmet when you drive a motorbike.
But I'm scared even on a taxi, because the driver accelerates for a red light.
the life is very hard and simple I think....
I MUST ACHIVE MY DREAM.
All of them use English or Chinese or half and half. I am not sure, so I want to hear your suggestions.
Second, I have sent all the agents '(have the VIP states (?)) full names to you, please check them.
After that, could you get back to me ASAP?
Your website saysat least two letters of recommendation are required, and they should be written by the applicant's teacher or employer.
After graduation, I have been working as the chief of a non-profit-organization (NPO) for more than 2 years.
Would it be acceptable to ask a business partner or CEO working at another company to write a recommendation letter?
And I want to drink bowls of gruel and eat steamed burn, which are not easily found at night.
George Lucas is a filmmaker.
I think it's very difficult for me to keep a diary in English.
Having access to TV more encourages people and especially children to watch TV more.
So there is less time for hobbies or family.
It is bad for children's eyesights when they watch TV too much.
It's hard for me because I was flunked as a student.
To become a skillful computer user.
I've heard that Japanese tend to follow the majority and reject others.
They always accuse me of being too stubborn and tell me that that's why don't I accept other idea.
In spite of his class, a Japanese professor (actually he was a vice-president) came in and started summarizing his story, even though he still had 10 minutes left for finishing his lecture.
I saw the professor get upset about that, so I raised my hand and said to him ``the professor seems to want to finish his lecture first, so could you talk later??`` and I stopped.
Afterward, some of my friends came over to my place and started criticizing me about it.
They asked me why I did that to a vice-president, that was it too impolite and so on.
I thought it didn't matter whether he was a vice-president or not, he shouldn't have interrupted our class.
However, I also think it might be not about Japanese culture, just about me.
Watching the movies ``Terminator,`` with actor Christian Bale, reminds me of a creepy movie called ``Machinist`` and my experience above.
Tomorrow is Thursday!!
And I bought some books on philosophy, problem solving, English study, etc.
A Japanese friend has told me something about this website and
I wonder how can I survive without her...
When people who live in Tokyo go somewhere, to
It's really different from those stereotypical interviews which take place in formal meeting rooms where you become nervous and uncomfortable.
I usually try to take a nap, study English.
``How many times a day should I call you?
Today, I found a very interesting website, Lang-8, from my colleague, Michael.
Too (so) difficult...
This whole school has a very different atmosphere.
I mean, these are just my personal experiences.
I am going to study English now.
I think I can write simple English, but not complex or sophisticated English.
Hi everyone.
A few years ago, I studied English with some text books instead
Of course, I still use text books to study English as well as the
question sentences
1) Do you often play basketball?
I couldn't remember words and vocablary.
Dallas Marvericks vs Miami Heat.
Fortunately, I am working for a teaching design degree.
Monkey D Luffy is the main character in the story.
By the way if you are interested in Japanese, I may be able to help you study Japanese.
Because, he can't understand why I can't understand English.
But I don't understand quantum physics.
Today is the 16th of April, but it's very cold, so I'm wearing a winter jacket.
I enjoy playing the piano and breathing the fresh air after it's rained in the jungle.
A Nurse of Indonesia. If I could polish myself....
In Asahi News paper today, Some of them were returning to their country disheartened.
I don't like examinations even though I know we sometimes need it.
I think everybody is born with thier own ability, and potential/ posibilities.
They really wanted to get nurse licenses and wanted to know good Japanese for it.
But we have a lot of work for our patients.
essentially, when we introduced people who came from another country, we helped them with getting situated living here.
They said it is too difficult doing both work and studying a second language.
So far, I have not thought so because
So, I brushed my teeth quickly and got ready.
I checked whether some information had come to my email box.
I went to a Korean restaurant today.
I love Korean food.
I am looking for a new cap but I wasn't able to find a cap that I wanted to get.
I looked on the internet and I finally found one, so I ordered it right away.
The University Entrance Examination grade will come out after 2 hours..
English is slowly driving me mad.
I can be happy since all of the people present at the wedding reception are (also) happy.
Please, tell your strategy to overcome sleep!
Second, I move to eliminate my sleepiness.
And of course, I enjoy reading it too.
For example, the death of parents, attack from demons, or war, etc.
But being in the ocean was so beautiful and it seemed that the visibility was very good.
She said to me I am not interested in marriage.
I was thinking I have to curl my tongue to make the ``R`` sound until I was taught by him.
Today, I went to a Jewish temple to attend a service with a few classmates.
A lady told me that this temple is very flexible and that if you want to experience a traditional Jewish service, you should go to some other temple.
That's why I will go to some other Jewish temple and then compare my experiences.
I think, that medicine is my vocation.
My 95-year-old-mother-in-law is in a nursing care center.
My 67-year-old husband was invited to play the guitar and singing songs at another nursing care center as a volunteer.
In fact I felt blue for a few days, so I couldn't write my diary on Lang-8.
But I should be a little bit more serious about my messages.
I'm looking forward to it:)
So, I began cooking for myself in the mornings. Sometimes I felt sleepy and wanted to give up, but I tell myself to resist.
As a wizzard, I can research the expansive and unlimited world of magic, adventure with friends, study knowledge, seek for treasure... and can be in the high class of society.
If it is Japanese you need 3000 hours to master it.
So it will be difficult for you to master Japanese.
Maybe they want to become some kind of cute or different from them.
Also it is difficult:)
I came to London yesterday to study abroad.
So I do my best to study English, and I made it a rule to keep a diary in English.
This term I shall keep a diary.
The school's nearest station is a farm road.
Calgary is cleaner than my hometown.
I went to the cemetery with my wife on the 13th where our ancestor's grave is, and offered flowers and incense sticks.
Tomorrow I have to go to university and barber shop, study English, and prepare
that will be 9. 33 pence, please.
Japanese government gave her some gifts as our gratitude because she donated a lot for Japanese people after the big earthquake happened.
These days, I try to listen to English.
I think I will become a English speaker if I have a native friend.
I was curious about sex and when I had enough of watching it, it didn't impress me anymore.
But they thought I was refusing to mix with them because I felt superior.
The best place I can think of is Algeria in Africa.
The work is supposed to be broadcast through NHK Tv program ``degi navi teens`` The work seems simple and childish for me, but her skill is wonderful.
It is said that singing English songs could help to improve our oral English: is that true? If so, could you share some of your favorite
I was very surprised at the amazing number of people.
Going abraod remind me of my former life in America.
I read a lot of articles about Michael.
It looked like a mountain for me.
I've seen the posters where a young boy is everywhere many times.
Though I was apathetic about golf,
It was a little humorous for others, but we didn't feel it was hilarious.
Especially to native speakers or anyone who can speak English fluently, or interested in studying English.
So I am willing to take part in correcting Korean as far as I can. (or if you have something that you want to know about expression, culture, or whatever about Korea, let me know.
I should correct this, but I think it will be a little hard for me to correct the habit.
Today, I experienced a blackout because of the effect of a massive earthquake and the Fukushima daiichi nuclear plant accident.
It is cool to see famous people unexpectedly.
This afternoon one of my bosses told me that they stopped sending volunteers to Miyagi Prefecture (the place that the big earthquake hit directly).
I was planning to make a big decision and told many people around me that I was going to go there to help people in need.
By the way, how do you describe in English the feeling that you feel when compelled to do something for others?
He is fantastic.
My Fantasy Land (Please correct my homework, please ^ ^)
It's bordered by Moonland to the north and to the south, east, and west by an enormous ocean.
Another good place in Guiland is Fantas, there is a museum there that simulates what the future would be like in the next 100 years. There are also many shopping centers to enjoy.
I have a question about The Wizard of Oz.
I am a pharmacy student who is not good at learning chemistry.
I was unaware that my major has a great relationship with chemistry. Anyway, I am more fond of physics rather than chemistry.
I have had a headache since yesterday.
When I am sick, I feel lonely because I live alone.
My mother language is Chinese, I hope I can help someone here.
Our holidays were going great!
Since I saw Nakanishi-san's blog which introduced this service Lang-8, I finally registered and started to use it.
He was transferred to an American office for a period of one to two years.
But I'm not an infant, so I have to study more and more!
I have an experiment in chemistry at the university on Thursday and Friday.
This is my big source of distress.
She was on that southern Asian island as an exchange student.
I'm interested in natural sciences like astronomy, physics, and earth science.
Please make corrections and comments about my sentences!
As a result, he declared that he felt really sorry to his fans and he decided to retire from the entertainment business.
I met many foreigners there, and I had an interest in supporting developing countries..
And I want to establish a fair trade company that can help not only people from developing countries, but also Japanese people.
Fenders are my favorite kind of guitar.
Last night one of my good friends from Lang-8 helped me fix my computer. He installed Japanese and Chinese language support on my computer by using TeamViewer.
I am really happy that I can read my friends 'names on my page on Lang-8. How wonderful he is.
Wikipedia said/ says that she has Danish origins, we certainly don't see that in this picture (but how sure can we be when we know how much the makeup and the lighting affect the colours of the photo?).
I can make pudding with milk and eggs.
I became his assistant [space] (he called us [space] ``Angle``). [space] We helped him create his works.
He was gentle man.
I can't remember exactly when it all began.
I think it probably was a good friend of mine who first told me about the possibility of going to Great Britain and studying there.
Here in my home town, they only offer a few courses, but the courses available in Great Britain are astonishing:: philology, philosophy, the arts, psychology, etc
I have been interested in art as long as I can remember but, being honest, I dont have enough talent to be an artist.
And, truly, I can't believe this is really happening to me.
The idea of moving to Great Britain and to study there, in the beginning, was only a crazy possibility and now it's almost coming true.
Unfortunately I haven't got weekends to slow down a little, sit down and relax.
When writing a diary in English I am always wondering if my sentences are right or wrong.
'' Speed reading. '' If I master this technique I can read a book in just 10 min.
Rynn made some great steaks and prepared fruits and snacks..
only, even though it was not right and she wouldn't stop.
strong and uncontrollable...
video camera.
I study English little by little.
The optician gave me a pair of contact lenses.
Studying English is very interesting.
I celebrated Girl's Day for my daughter yesterday.
I bought a curtain for my room because the wind is so cold that
Lang-8 will be very useful for what I want to do.
If I've done everything correctly you will see a photo of my cats.
My cats lived on the street before I met them. they were really dirty, sick and hungry.
Most of the time I have to watch the show with the closed captioning on, because somethimes I dont understand what a particular character, Carl, says.
He (Carl) is the only recurrent human character in the show and he has a really unique and rough accent.
I dont think I will learn somenthing really useful watching this show but a least I learn some more street wise language than in text books.
I have to improve my English, especially writing, so I'll start from today.
In addition, before going to bed, he put a cup of milk and a few cookies for Santa beside his bed.
Hurray!!! ``He was in seventh heaven.
thank you for watching this page!
I couldn't bear it!
It will give you nominal relief.
I always hear people talking about stuff like some place in china had a landslide or a sudden drought in the northern part.
It is the taste of fall in Japan.
There is a ferry terminal near the station and we can go to Georgetown by ferry.
I think I gave the wrong impression when I was chatting with you on the day before yesterday. Maybe it was first time I communicated with an foreigner. When I want to say something I need to search the related words in my mind however I can't express my idea properly. My voice and intonation may sound abnormal and I don't know whether my speech sounds a little impolite or something bad. If I did, please forgive me as it was not my intention.
We have a electric time schedule board (I don't know what it call) that they show what time next train comes exactly.
If the train comes late even one or two minutes, they will announce ``I'm so sorry, the next train will arrive 2 minutes late, please wait patiently.``...
S., I realized a lot of things about Japan, good things and bad things, and accept that everything flexible.
seaweed, boiled and put mashed sweet beans...
Fortunately, The Tokyo area where I live is far from the seismic center, so I am safe.
We helped him to make this food, but when people arrived, we hadn't made enough food for everybody.
So we found (served) other alternatives like cakes, fruits and chips (fries).
I heard that we can save electricity by unplugging electronics that are not in use.
Another major source of energy use is driving.
Oh, sorry I have drifted off topic
Most divorcees were suffering from their financial problems, because they have to support themselves.
Once, a young guy rode his new Harley motorcycle freely on the highway. Then an old lady rode another Harley motorcycle overtook him and loudly asked him: ``Are you familiar with the motorcycle, boy?``
At last he found a Harley motorcycle lying in the road and the old lay hanging in a tree.
My husband went out to learn Chinese.
In the future, I will work as a specialist of coffee and lecture a lot of people on how to drip delicious coffee.
I want to do that work since I entered the company.
I want to serve (?) delicious coffee to many persons.
``Houichi-san`` cried the assistant, but Houichi was engrossed in his
clothes off and wrote Buddhist prayers all over his body.
``Here is his biwa, but no answer.
Today you can see a strange thing along the coast.
I want to know how to express my true attitude to a native speaker.
Okay, thank you.
Afterwards, she went to the hotel, which is run by Yuina's grandmother.
Afterwards, Toru returned.
Today is raining/ a rainy day.
I Talked to a Dutchman and a Dutchwoman on the Train.
She is a veterinarian.
Her husband majored in economics when he was a college student.
He said that she thinks that economics is just figures.
Their children study cultural history.
I can speak Japanese a little bit.
Especially the 'R' sound.
I'm not allowed to use the PC in order to write the report.
Actually, I think it has something to do with laziness.> ``<| |
Actually, I'm originally from Osaka which is in the central part of Japan.
After graduating from university, I started my career as a teacher in Kagoshima which is in the southern part of Japan and now live in Hokkaido which is in the northernmost part of Japan.
For example, to express ``very``, people in Osaka say ``gottsui`` or ``mettcha``, people in Kagoshima say ``wasse``, and people in Hokkaido say ``namara``.
``As pleasant as the scenery was, I wouldn't recommend going to that resort.``
I'm studying alliteration these days, but there is no one who helps me here.
Ocean names need the like the Pacific, the Atlantic, the Arctic, and so on.
I watched the movie ``TRON`` last Sunday.
I haven't watched the previous movie, so I couldn't understand it sometimes.
They have yet to develop into adults.
Last weekend I was going to get her family Christmas cards for the Christmas but I couldn't find the cards that I prefer type of design.
Last month I asked my friend who would come to Canada on December 1st.
I got sunburnt the day before yesterday, soI got some aloes for treatment.
Christmas is a big deal for me.
First of all, I went to Britain in February, and I stayed for a month.
Today is surprisingly warm, 59 F!
It has been freezing since last November.
all my friends were surprised to find me wearing only one coat.
In the last 2 months, I have studied Japanese everyday.
this summer vacation, I always wake up before lunch or later:D
The Tohoku earthquake occurred on March 11th, 2011.
I think the people's view of life in Japan has become divided
When I was changing channels on TV.
After I watched it about five minutes, I found out it was a horror movie.
Although it was horror movie and I wanted to sleep, I still finished the whole movie. When I went to bed, pictures of blood and guts filled my mind! I shouldn't watch horror movies at night........
But in the morning it is very comfortable!
If I improve my English speaking and listening, I can go to abroad on a business trip.
Usually I concentrate on remembering difficult vocabulary.
With the rapid development of human industries, many problems appear as a consequences of pursuing excessive profit and being blind to the pollution.
Despite the fact that everyone understands this cruel fact, people seldom take the responsibility to change this situation.
The next thing to discuss is deforestation.
People cut down trees for farms or buildings ignoring the damages to animal habitation as well as the incredible impact to local weather system.
First of all, we should be aware that we would never be able to separate from these problems.
It's my frist diary.
I haven't written my diary a for long time.
Some things stopped me from writing.
But unexpectedly, there were huge crowds of people there.
It reportedly said that noise from a quarreling couple disturbed their neighbors below, who then called the police fearing something tragic would occur.
I recommend it to all tired people.
Its ingredients were rice, vegetable, fish, seaweed, beans etc..
For example, the menu had ``pudding of Green peace``, ``mash pumpkin salad``, ``vegetable tempura with greentea salt``
While we rode our bikes in Mexico, we were always attacked by a lot of dogs.
Canda's Wonderland
Today we can choose different ways to exchange information depending on different situations.
But I was refreshed/ relieved (?).
So, there are a few people in the center of our city, because people who live in our city often go to the big shopping center that is located outside of the city.
Dolittle (author: Hugh John Lofting)
I am going to go to the optical shop, and then go to a birthday party for Xiao wei.
I have not chatted with Rose_ garden for a long time; I am thinking of her... hie hei.... a little bit about her...
Also some of my friends taught me how to say good evening in French..
The most famous and popular picture in the world is the ``Mona Lisa`` by Leonardo da Vinci.
Have you noticed that she wears no jewelry and has no eyebrows?
Do you like the Mona Lisa?
What will the score be in today's match between Real and Barcelona?
But I tried to behave like, ``No problem, go ahead and talk.``
I've got surprising news from my friend who I've known for over four years.
It just made me kinda sad since we've been nice friends actually.
It's going to be a surprise party ^-^ We are also going to get some presents too which we hope will remind her of Nagoya!!
It has been running in my mind all the time recently.
I must say: Chinese food is so good, especially in Taiwan.
But I couldn't explain well because I didn't understand the other member's research
I'm so nervous XD
However, since my wife belonged to brass band in her school days,
At first, I didn 'tknow her name,
The earthquake heavily damaged the transportation system, such as roads and railways.
Yesterday, the last day, I went to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
I took many pictures with the Stanley Cup there.
I ate dinner at a Chinese restaurant.
In order to relax, I decided to do some outdoor sports.
Everyone should change themselves to adapt to the environment, especially young men.
Here, can I say ``after that`` instead of ``afterward`` without changing
Although Science and Politics have been developed surprisingly and our lives have been changed to be made more convenient, we are not satisfied with now.
Actually, I don't feel like the real new year has come.
hmmm.
He suffered from pneumonia and stayed in the hospital for a month 2 years ago.
Fortunately she only had to take care of him for a short time.
We are fine as usual.
Hello!!
On the net you can choose from an enormous selection, includingthe paper that you want to read, the field that you want to study, etc, and most importantly: it is you who is choosing, and not who is being chosen as you are with the tv.
American drama is very popular in Japan recently.
It was soooo exciting and wasn't as dangerous as I expected, I couldn't be too careful though.
but we Japanese typically like American or European fast fashion brands, like Gap, ZARA, H& M, and Forever 21.
A few days ago I got the license for large motorcycles.
It was a pretty good time.
When I surfed the net, one of my favourite blogs
The movie describes just an ordinary family, including parents and one daughter going to a high school.
There is almost nothing exciting about it, but one little incident in that family gradually reveals its problems and strangeness, which, to some degree, every human being has, and we sometimes ponder about them.
make many friends and travel to many countries.
I suggest drinking coffee without sugar.
I like watching movies with my friends.
I mean, in my opinion, they will be happy getting some snacks or magazines which we can get only in Japan.
I knew he has strong intentions.
Though he likes liquor, he will not drink one drop now.
But, I guarantee to improve your Japanese skills as correctly and efficiently as possible.
The story is in 6 episodes, about Skywalker defeating the Sith.
The latter story ``Back to the Future`` are interesting science fiction movies.
Every time I see them, I have provoking thoughts on/ about the future and the past.
Sometimes I watch movies English.
Recently, I could understand easily English movies.
Volley the ball like hammering nails.
Now I live in Wakayama city, around 50 miles south of Osaka.
Wakayama is an old town and has a beautiful castle founded at the feudal age.
To sum up, VCS is a really useful tool to backup the computer's file automatically and smartly.
Waiting for a paticular letter is hard.
I did not know the answers at all. In fact, I really want to improve my English. The title is ``ON Long distance education.`` Oh, really difficult, right?
I want to something for people, especially poor people, animals,& lonely young persons.
How should I live?
But I like the air and the conversations while drinking.
Suddenly, the rain started falling when I was working in my office.
I enjoy this way.
I wish she paid more attention to me.
And this year the Mid-autumn festival is held during the National holiday.
The day before, it has lasted until two in the morning so, yesterday my husband wrote a letter and put it on his door.
After graduating from graduate school, B found a job at once, but A did not.
Suddenly, it occurred to me that sometimes losing is winning.
There seems to be an agreement where the government asks companies to donate money in exchange for the privilege to promote the company in the park by doing things like like printing the company's name in postcards.
However, the government should not forget that there are some risks involved. Some companies may abuse their privilege by constructing buildings.
I thought that if I wrote Japanese first here, then it would be translated from Japanese into English.
I went to a Chinese restrant with my Chinese friend.
We enjoyed Chinese food.
It was good but a little bit salty.
There is one saying that goes ``it is the early bird who catches the worm``.
Most of Chinese people have been studying english for very long time, as for me, I began studying English in junior high school when I was 14 years old, but even now, I still can't communicate with foreigners very freely, the lack of vocabulary is a big problem when I want to talk about some complex issue. My listening ability is not good enough, especially when I attend a meeting, because I can't interrupt speaker very frequently like in face to face communication.
The landlord is a Singaporean man.
But neighbours had sex almost every day.
Sorry, but what have I written about??
If you haven't watched it, I can recommend it to you.
recently I can't drink a Litre of water from 9am to 6pm.
The reason is clear, I am busy at my job.
In the beginning, my back was getting chilly (felt cold),
My voice turned husky (deep),
I had an umbrella, but I left it at a bookstore.
When I went back, the same umbrellas were in the umbrella-box.
I thought I grabed my umbrella, but it was not mine.
After I finish taking English lessons
I alway feel thirsty and exhausted.
I think English is the language to express something and Japanese is
yogurt against Hay fever and Pollen dust
It said that for people who suffer from hay fever will get better by eating yogurt or drinking yogurt drink everyday.
I told my friend but he said his stomach is also weak for milk, yogurt and yogurt drink......
It was really good choice!!
Some of them are good people and some of them are bad people, but we can relate ourselves to their characters while we saw a play.
Before last scene come, Jean Valjean (main cast) make a confession to his daughter-in-law's fiance about his old sin, then he disappeared from his daughter's sight.
I want to go to the theater in the near future.
Universal Tokyo is near my brother's house.
Of course I'm not.
Seijin no hi (Coming-of-Age day)
but same as usual.
Hair texture is very different depending on the customer's race.
Because I work hard too.
Besides, I really need a scholarship, so I promised that I would get straight A's for all classes from the start of this semester.
I love my language, foreigners say that it is weird and that it is difficult to study, they are just afraid of difficulties.))))
I am proud to be Russian and to speak Russian, but it has a downside: I can't get rid of my accent, because we have a strong and tough pronunciation.
1st of September is the worst day, (that day) my studies will begin...
My understanding is that it is a very strong beam of light...? (Is this correct?)
Children's smiles are very good.
thank you.
I'm glad to get along with my lovely classmates everyday.
I believe there must be some strange power in her articles, for so many people get together and remember her.
Therefore, I believe I can enjoy more when I take a trip with friends, so I'd like to choose travel with a company if I could choose.
Then Italians began to grow them for food.
North America
Do you believe in a spectral existence?
In the morning, a new lab mate came to our lab.
Today, I had a conference.
Increasing the treasures of wealthy countries make them richer than before.
Take China for example. When scientists developed new techniques to plant crops, China could stop inporting crops from other countries.
admittedly, it is not enough to provide financial aid to poor countries.
Today, I bought some books: books about Vietnam, Obama's speech, and Shakespeare.
I'm interested in Vietnam a lot because of The VietnamWar, and I'd like you Americans to tell me how you think of Vietnam.
I came here to learn english.
I study an English conversation everyday.
It's very hard for me.
For two days now, my wife and I have been walking to the park early in the morning
The curriculum of the course is so tight that students cannot have the time to do anything but study.
On the way to my university, I often listen to my iPod, on which a lot of lectures are recorded.
While she was in the hospital, she slept very well and ate balanced meals, and that's why she recovered completely.
So their diligence about English is intense.
Their conventional phrases are that ``you need to practice more`` (Even I know such a thing), ``Your English is not good enough to have conversations with native speakers`` (You have a meddlesome attitude, (I already know that, please go to hell.) The reason why they do so is because they have high pride about English.
And Japanese people like to boast their special skills like English, programing and certifications.
I could see a beautiful scenery.
She thinks cram school cannot provide the knowledge she needs, but she still needs a teacher to correct her writing.
The only thing I can do for her is practice speaking with her as much as I can/ as much as possible, but I do not have enough confidence/ the confidence to correct her writing!
In my opinion, when people speak/ are speaking, they might ignore the grammar problem, while in writing they cannot.
Even I had prepared for the IELTS one year, yet I still cannot easily express things no matter if I am speaking or writing in English.
What should I answer?
Everyone asked me ``How long have you been here?``
Should I answer ``I've been here for two months``? Is it right?
On that day, Angel Gabriel was sent by God to the Virgin Mary, who 'presented himself as a human.
Virgin Mary said she is not married.
She she hoped she died before that..
I'm relieved.
(I want them to learn how to use money, so it's not a lot)
I have been studying English for almost 6 years, but I cannot speak English well.
I made it with only salt and vegetables and herbs, it was too soon for me to have it though, as I felt something was missing...
The next morning, I added a bit of a consomme cube;)
I ate some food, mixed ice cream, zingisukan, salad, sushi and so on.
So we went to chocolate a store.
But me and one of my friends didn't buy chocolate.
Some of them can impact you for a lifetime.
In different periods, elementary school, middle school and university, we met different friends.
This is my first time using this fucking bullshit!
After all that, I found myself getting off the train holding a tremendous amount of frustration pent up inside me.
I am worried about these trifles
I think we are equal wherever and whoever we are as long as we live.
My mum told me she sent a lot of dumplings to me.
The dumplings my mum makes are always full of oil.
The dumplings in Jaxin (in China) are very famous!
There are no clouds in the sky.
But I don't know what to do...
The one on the right is Mattya Azuki (green tea and Red bean), the other is rainbow:D
It was so funny.
I love American drama.
Yesterday I rented the DVD ``glee`` at a video rental shop.
Memory is quite weird, it can change things with two sides into pure good or pure evil.
We may quarrel with our friend or may even swear we will never talk again.
All we can remember is how sweet our friend is, and the little things they did for us.
I still save the small note my friend secretly wrote to me in math class asking me where to go for lunch.
I started diving lessons last year.
shouga-yu
If you have catch a cold, you can try to drink shouga-yu.
Today I hadseminars at the afternoon and, in a little while, at night, I'll return to college to more and more seminars.
I'm thinking, writing here is more comforting to me, because I can think in english faster (Yatta!).
The bad point is: won't work appropriately with learning new words.
Watashi wa supein de umaremashita kedo kodomo no toki, irelando to furansu ni mo sunde imashita, sore kara, eigo to chotto furansugo mo hanasu koto ga dekimasu.
Kono nikki wo yomeba, watashi no nihongo no reberu ga wakarimasu.
They are chosen by people because of their life style.
We exchanged our numbers and e-mail addresses.
governments planning an underground nuclear waste repository on Mongolian soil.
These governments don't want to take the risk of nuclear, and just foist it on the Mongolian people.
Tagine pots and dishes, which are cooked in a tagine pot, are popular among Japanese young women.
So it's healthy.
I went to a restaurant which serves the Mediterranean-style seafood dishes and I ordered Moroccan curry.
That was true.
Have you ever had any serious disease or injury?
I want to have some friends in foreign countries.
In my last entry, I wrote about Africa and all the different kinds of wild animals. I also wrote about Drakensberg.
But my parents think it's not good enough and I need to become more competitive.
Both her face and voice are adorable.
So nobody said ``Congratulations`` to me.
It didn't matter to me that nobody said that to me.
I think that Mother's Day is a special day for saying ``Thank you`` to one's own mother.
So I thought I didn't need to say ``Congulatulations`` to my friends.
I very much enjoyed it!
I'll be going to ``Sendai`` by train to go shopping.
I'd like to go by car, but My car has been broken since 2 days ago.
I hope it will be repaired as soon as possible!!
I have to look at four pictures once and describe them in a story.
I want to speak in English fluently like an American.
I think that I agree with foreigners.
I want to go to America early!!
I'm going to visit one preschool this Thursday.
This is a cartoon in today's newspaper
The electronic design covers PLC, semiconductor circuits, PCB design, C-language farm ware and much more.
A 'gap year' system is as follows: high school graduates who have the qualification for admission to university or college take volunteer activities for a year in his/ her country or overseas without studying in university or college.
They stay from September till July next year at a house owned by the local government and are paid some money for living expenses by the government.
They experience many things during their stay in my town and go home with their precious experiences.
This year too, two volunteer youths will come on September 10th.
There is a humorous bookstore.
I had a farewell party for my flatmate tonight.
I'm not sure, but maybe it's Korean style Vietnamese food;) We chose some vegetables we wanted to eat from the many kinds of vegetables and put them on rice paper.
But I'm a English beginner and I have never gone to England.
So today, I will write in my diary for the 18th of September.
Introducing myself... I'm Maru
In the period when we got together, he was always annoyed at me and never satisfied with me.
I don't have a bicycle, so I have to walk 30minutes to arrive at the hall to sing.
It provides you a convenient way to have meals.
It is so great to cook by yourself.
When people talking about day to remember, most of people will mention about any kind of special day like festival, holiday birthday, gathering day or even day of dating your girlfriend.
It is natural for Japanese when we visit someone to bring some souvenirs (``Omiyage`` culture) for them.
However, I have no idea if theAmericans will accept Omiyage culture.
I don't listen to music often.
takusan hon wo yomimasu
The liquid from food waste mixed with EM bokashi contains good bacteria.
This can kill bad bacteria in drainage pipes.
But in this class, we did diverse work using english. For example: Singing songs, doing role plays in front of the class, doing yoga following english directions and so on.
Now I can enjoy english.
When I was just practicing english speaking, even if I had grammatical problems, I didn't care.
I guess this habit is the result of practicing English writing.
However, so learning C is put to bed.
Also will be great to study another language, maybe italian or some slavic (Polish, Serbian, Slovenian etc.) This cultures are intresting for me, and words not so hard to learn I think.
Distance is not a problem for me, because it takes 45 minutes by train.
But the train ticket is expensive for me...
The restaurant was quite expensive, but the atmosphere was nice.
These days I am busy with hunting for a job, but I'm having problems because of the financial crisis. Another reason, I think, is that I want to change career fields.
Above all, I cannot memorize English words easily.
I have a fever today =. =
This is my writing examination in this semester.
Let's make up our minds, stick to it and enjoy our lives well.
What will I do?
It is good that I do not have to go anywhere. =) I hope that It will not be hot in the evening. What will (shall) I do?
All airways to Western Europe are all still closed and the central point of the arguments is what level of ash is safe.
But I found out that her parents got divorced and she suffered from it.
Yuma rode his tricycle.
My favorite artists are AKB48 (Japanese girls group), KESHA, Avril Lavigne and Lady Gaga.
I don't just study a lot of things at college; I also do a part-time job.
My strength and energy gradually becomes worse.
they wore witner scarves, hats and thick coats.
I am sure my mom will come to the airport with my thick coats.
I am so looking forward to see snow there.
I am good at writing, but I am not good at listening.
As soon as I got home, I had dinner.
So I went to buy a present (whiskey made by Suntory, a famous Japanese company) for my father today.
When a student walked out of the classroom with his phone on, my teacher, an old man from Anhui, rushed out of the classroom right after the boy, suspecting he was playing hooky.
At last, the poor frustrated old man came back alone and embarrased in a pile of laughter.
The cat is called ``Boss`` by people.
I used to live in a homestay (house) and went to there yesterday.
We keep in touch with each other by QQ.
She does every subject well except math, Do you know he used to get zero in math so she promised to work hard at it.
After that I went to Auckland Museum.
But I guess the best thing is just natural.
Remember what did you tell me when we last met?
Were they easy to start?
I really don't add unfamiliar people on my Facebook, so I felt that it was a little annoying because I didn't know him.
Although I have already gotten material of apartments from their support group.
I am able to relax but when I stay with someone else I am not able to really relax.
This is the reason why I have not been sleeping well recently.
At the time, I thought the reason why I think like so.
Aerobic and Strength training
I'm really looking forward to seeing my old friends and wearing a Furisode:) I'll take a lot of pictures and, I'm going to put them here.
You must be looking forward to seeing me wearing a Furisode!
If you do not deal with this problems, I will be forced to take a legal action.
I am a college student.
She was the most beautiful Pinay I've ever seen!!!
I will be studying English about half as much as I usually do.
But a snow-covered mountain is very dangerous.
So I'll go to the snow-covered mountain with my friend.
I used to go to a camera shop and order pictures printed, but I don't have to do that anymore.
Nomally in Tokyo, it is at the beginning of April.
This winter was hotter than those of normal years.
I'm hoping to have another amazing dream tonight.
Going along the main road straight to the city.
Thus, after a long day riding, I really want to go to bed now.
But he abandoned it because his girlfriend got pregnant and he decided to be a father.
There was an earthquake on 3. 11.
and creating things is so fun.
But the point is that we are so small to the universe, so why bother being so tired and depressed by something also so little. So little that you will hardly recall ten years later, and you probably will never mention it ever; like missing a bus, losing a pen, or having an argument with friends.
Japan has a long and glorious history, good public safety and a strong army, Tokyo is one of the biggest cities in the world, Japanese technology is the best. ``
The Japanese government and companies know this fact well.
So I decided not to buy a CD player and bought an I-pod instead.
To my suprise, she was not far from my sight.
She has been there from beginning to the end.
Surely, she doesn't even know what I wanna do with her when I have time.
If I can assume her existence is destiny, I would confess my feeling to her directly.
-There must be a leader who is in charge of arranging meeting times or presenting their project in front of the group.
So, I do not agree with the idea that all group members should be given same grade even if they choose each other as group members, like a team that consists of all friends.
First, it is true that each member in a group devotes his or her passion and time to the project with different amounts of effort.
(our professor made us break into a few groups) While my team was working on an ongoing project, a few students, including me, spent plenty of time individually on the project, but the others were just like spectators.
-This class always reminds me that people should be diligent when working alone or with other people.
Today I'll talk about my hamster Subaru.
April is the beginning of school season.
I had already heard that no one brings musical instruments or sings songs to cheer their favorite baseball team, but I didn't know that vendors threw snacks like peanuts or ice cream.
I saw some videos related to the baseball stadium vendors on Youtube.
Unfortunately, there aren't any vendors at Japanese stadiums, as far as I know.
During this time, I've been learning grammar rules and vocabulary by heart
actually I'm still not good at English because I've been studying it on my own.
sorry, my ability to speak English is really basic so I'm unable to have a fluent conversation.
I recieved a letter from the job training institute.
+ peel the carrot and the Gobo.
+ cut the carrot into strips.
+ stir fry Gobo and carrot together with sesame oil (oil also possible) until wilted. (soft?)
+ add the dashi (soup stock), sake, soy souse, sugar.
The whole world are having their eye on the rescuing of the Chile miners.
The construction for disabled people at my nearest station has been going on for 3 months.
Because there aren't famous Japanese celebrities in America and there are few Japanese celebrities there.
Probably Americans are not interested in Japanese celebrities.
The funny guy from Russia said that he realized that Japanese women walk with short steps, and he thought that it was because Japanese women used to wear Kimonos.
And the girl from Sweden thought that because the women put on high-heeled shoes, they can't take big steps.
About my holiday
So I want to study a lot of languages of different countries.
I exaggerated too much.
I visited Toronto, New York City, and Hong Kong during golden week.
Because, I think that to review those is more important than to write another.
Recently, I have been studying English.
My favourite months are October, June, July and December.
Today I've just watched an awesome movie, I loved it.
In japan we usually play the game ``nine ball``, one of the various rules of billiards.
actually, I didn't search for it, my canadian obba told me hahah
in 30 years old, I want to be good at speaking in french, english, japanese, korean,, ha!
nowadays, I really enjoying watching overseas drama, the title of drama is ``desperate housewives``.. it is season 5
but, confidence is important in western culture, haha
I sort of thought, down the corridor of the time, this is the first step to improve my english
I teach mathematics to high school students.
Workaholic?!
I booked an English class outside of class.
I want to speak more English.
He has an exciting life.
I would especially like to see the pyramid, SPHINX, mummy and so on. There is so much I want to see in person.
I was so grateful that one of the parents told me that her daughter really enjoyed today's lesson and she was glad to see it.
It might be harder to learn and collect vocabulary by myself.
What would you say if you presented Lang-8?
On the march 11th, the big earthquake occurred in Japan.
New year is just around the corner!
Today, I will take two classes, because I am very busy.
About 8: 00 pm., he came home and gave me flowers and chocolates.
I'm very happy to get the surprise presents, because he always forgets important things.
It sometimes causes pain, particularly in the parts that have a lot of Cellulite.
Danxia Mountain is the only World Natural and Cultural Heritage in Guangdong province.
As a sophomore, I would like to do something different from last summer.
The name Tiramisu is Italian for ``Pick me Up`` (Tirami su) but can be translated figuratively as ``Make me less sad/ happier``
although It's still April..
taking midterm Exam.
I studied in the library until midnight sometimes.
Today, I was walking to the library.
Hot yoga is doing Yoga in hot room where the temperature is 40 degrees Celcius and the humidity is 65%.
It's a very hard Yoga.
Everyday when I wake up, I first power on my laptop and log into QQ. QQ is a software program like MSN, and in China is the major instant messaging program.
Though I have been learning English for about 10 years, I've never tried to call foreigners in English.
When the phone connected, I said hello to him in Chinese naturally.
My point is that the bad thing is not that you are not good at something, but that you are afraid of having a try.
Keep on learning.
Good Morning! I am from Thailand. My name is Jirawut. I have decided to practice writing in English here. I hope it will improve my English. I hope someone would help me. Next time I would write about beautiful places in Thailand.
I plan to learn Technical English next year.
I feel warm today:)
But I saw many people taking the exam. I hope many people get to be nail artists in the future.
I really want to volunteer for those who are suffering but I don't know what I should do.
If I had the time, I would go to the worst place to help.
I guess hurricanes are common in my local area.
If I were to experience one of them, I would hate tsunami the most,
I chose two places.
We can see the animals close up and observe their behaviors and abilities.
My recommend is the behavior exhibition of penguins.
There are several lavender fields in Frano.
We could see the splended lavender purple view, and we could smell the scent of lavender.
Of course, Kyoto is one of the most famous places in Japan.
I thought that game was not interesting but they were so patient.
I'm suprised about this site.
If I had found this site earlier, I wouldn't be worried about my writing study.
I was even wearing a nitted hat with ``I love New York`` on the front of it.
We need oxygen to beathe but we easily forget the importance of it.
I just realized that how easily I can be suffocating without this.
anyway, I'm tired of using big letters, such as 'I' instead of 'I', that
not only that but this mark 'meaning omission as well.
I watched 'Butterfly Effect 2', 'Vapoorize', 'Pirate of the Caribeans' and now 'Insadong Scandle' it's about the restauration of old Korean pictures.
The number of your vocabulary
Have you heard or thought of how many vocabulary words a naitive American or a native Britan knows?
I should change my password...
So I want to improve my English.
If you find any mistake, just cross it out.
I can't blog in French,,,.
Design is all of its value and Design creates new philosophy. ``by Kazuo Kawasaki
I heard that soda makes meat soft and actually the steak was soft even though it was cheap, and it did not taste of/ like pepsi.
There is a statue which looks like an opening book.
Today, I feel like writing about myself.
I always go surfing during the weekends.
Surfing is very popular in Japan.
I speak a little English.......
I'm looking forward to receiving your message.
They then hold a party to uncover the baby's gender.
They may make a cake that may have two different colours inside.
I am a college student from China.
Moreover, there are many different kinds of videos that you can choose from.
I'm going to go pick up one of my friends at Nriata airport.
Sometimes, it takes a long time to see them, and I have to wait quite a long time at the airport.
They all seemed such kind people and made me feel comfortable.
This night, there is a TV program showing a movie called, ``Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire``.
It's really hard for me to understand what they say!
I didn't necessarily take the exam lightly.
However, I was too hungry, dizzy, sore in every part of my body and sleepy.
In the Tokai region, the central region of Japan, a big earthquake happened early this morning.
The oscillation continued for more than 3 minutes.
He might be genius so I'll give up adopting his method.
I love department stores even though they are a little bit expensive because they have many atrractive things such as cool and fashionable clothes, decorative tableware, and delicious sweets.
Yesterday, while searching around the web, I saw this homepage.
This is my first time writing a diary on the web, so I am really nervous now!
My grammar especially sucks.
Last weekend I had a party with my member for new staff coming to this laboratory.
In Canada, I want to make new friends all over the world.
Of course, not only will it be more expensive but it will take more time to get there.
It's not comfortable living in my house because of its bad location in spite of remodeling some parts of it.
Compared with my new house, I think it's very inconvenient for me to live there.
-A gray plane with a red dot on its top rotates according to the place of the mouse on the stage, which shows how the rotationX and rotationY properties work.
It was good for my shoulders!!
There are many foreigner at the party.
It has been a long time since I have spoken English with foreigner.
I think Japan is becoming weaker but Singapore is becoming the center of Asia.
I'm in college learning Russian and European philology (philosphy?), also I try to study English and Japanese.
In Japan, we can't buy cigarettes from a cigarette machine without a Taspo card.
countries, and the other is about coexistence of different cultures.
When I study them, I go to the learning center of the Unversity, which
Usually I tend to get nervous and sweat in those occasions.
My hobby is dancing, eating and cooking sweets.
nobody belives me
And I also like 'just dance' and 'beautiful dirty rich'.
The desire for money, fame and all the beautiful dirty things.
I've been thinking/ contemplating that I should study English for university or preparation for studying abroad.
We learned the Present Continuous and Present Perfect Tenses in Hindi =)
one of my favourite alcoholic drinks is RHUM DU PERE LABAT.
T completely.
Besides, scholarship for students who want to study abroad is impossibly difficult to get.
Though many Japanese are rich and they afford educatoin, I believe we need changes in Japan.
On the way (there), we bought some ingredients for sandwiches.
This is my first writing on Lang-8.
I have to learn English and little Spanish for my business.
Therefore, continuing to eat a lot of junk food means exposing yourself to the dangers of gaining weight, diabetes and other diseases.
Secondarily, it spoils children's appetites and promotes bad eating habits.
I am telling my friend about past things but I am not sure about grammar (tense) Is that correct?
I couldn't contact her but I guessed I could of met her if I went to her restaurant ``
As a result, I met her at her restaurant.
It's like jazz music, but more noisy, with lyrics.
The name ``Baduanjin`` refers to 8 different movements including shaking wrists, lowering your head and hips, and swinging your entire body.
This is a very popular blog in the United States of America.
Last night, my American teacher told us she had a bad experience in China.
because her passport, make up and even her money were in the baggage.
but she couldn't remember the taxi number, so she didn't know how she could find it.
After she wrote the form, she looked around, and she saw a baggage in the office corner.
Yesterday, I took part in activity in my circle, university COOP.
recommended them mutual aid, new PCs, new electronic dictionaries and so on.
That's why my birthday is in June.
Then, Shinobu Moromizato who was the second money list player in Japan appeared our behind.
My wife said to her ``Hang in there!``, She said to my wife ``Thank you.
It's been a long time since I've written something on here.
I don't know what to write down.
And I have not made the decision if I will stay here for my whole life.
It was very. delicious.
I think that superstars lip-singing songs are not a singers and their music is not music.
because I don't know what would be interesting for me, and I thought it would run out of battery quickly.
and they downloaded it to my iPhone without my permission.
kono eiga no namae wa ``grave of the fireflies`` deshita.
Yesterday, I wrote I was not interested in snowboarding, but I watched it live on TV at noon.
The sea water tastes salty, therefore, the sea water contains salt.
The theorem is proved, thus the experience will have a good result. proved
However I didn't need (to do) it, because I didn't have any money.
I always keep my diary in Korean, so I want to say hello to people who are English native speakers and read this message ^ ^
Soshite sono rekishi ni te wo kuwaeru koto wo omoitsuita (lembrar) no da.
It made me feel warm.
When we see the pictures of the past films, we feel that it's so old, but today's dramas, pictures and what's more, scenes {?} of today's life are soon becoming old.
Surprisingly, on the forum for ``I want to meet soon!!`` in both SNSs, a lot of messages were submitted by women.
Observing the board for few days, it seemed that the messages were written by prostitutes or an organization, that infested the SNSs.
I look into the information paper to make sure, and I found out that my understanding was WRONG!!!
and I will apply the S.
So I replied to her on what I had been doing before and asked her what she had been doing too.
Straight after we made an appointment to have lunch together.
We spent the time just talking, using a lot of technical terms and eating a lot,
Forgetting their daily lives, two mothers enjoyed their past golden days.
Tomorrow, I'm going to ``Hiraizumi``, which is a World Heritage Site.
We had grilled chicken there.
Complaint (complain = verb) about work...
Important things for learning English:
The chocolate cake they served as a desert was especially excellent!
I'm hungry for success and am making an effort just like I do with boxing!!!
My heartbeat is strong
I attended my friend's wedding last day Saturdayand drunk a lot!
This little thing reminds me I should show more acceptance towards my parents, and try to say 'thank you' more often.
I think that I will sleep all this weekend like a dead person.
B: You never know. (You dont know until we do.)
I went to the stadium to watch baseball games of high school students gathered from all of Japan today and the day before yesterday.
I don't like both playing and watching baseball so much, even of professional athletes.
They never give up to win the game, and it seems to be in a difficult or dangerous to keep playing.
They do thier best for their teammates and their dreams, without thinking about next game or the future.
As soon as we got home, my children said, 'we want to play soccer.'
But, because of developing countries such as Korea; Thailand will be abjectly damaged.
With Saudi Arabia's will to increase petroleum production, aimed at stemming unrest in the market, the price of oil will easily get back on track.
I went to the supermarket.....
I went to the supermarket last week.
When I taught her, she said ``Thank you.`` to me and left.
Today my professor was about 20 minutes late to our final exam.
At language learning school, my teacher gave me advice to keep a diary everyday.
It must have been irritating for the players.
Although they didn't get high grade in schoolthey always do well in physical education.
I study English and chinese at university.
I would like to explain even half what I am thinking
and first I should be making some foreign friends.
Ohayou gozaimasu.
Hajimemashite. douzo yoroshiku.
I don't know what job I want.
I graduate next year.
Next day I drove to Saitama stadium with a friend.
It is very big and suggested a world cup soccer game.
Article details
I thought maybe somebody sent the wrong number and by chance the number was mine.
I thought he wanted to cheat my mobile phone company because he asked me to send a message to unknown number.
And we are having small party with Family or friends on Christmass day.
Is this true???
If this is true, I want to live in another country.
anyway, l studied English, especially conversation.
So, my pronunciation is better than before..
But, I'm not good at forming sentences in english..
Today, I went to an exhibition called the Seoul Design Olympiad.
I requested a black forest cake/ gateau.
I was going to go to work by train, but on second thought I decided to walk.
My Favorite Practice for English
because I `d like to significantly improve (or enhance) my listening ability.
I normally get excited seeing this unusual weather in Tokyo, but this time I hope that it would stop soon.
it is a a tough question of life.
I want to be a musician,
but its tough to be one.
Stay hungry, stay foolish
Since I have participated in an English speech contest and practiced a lot ofspeeches, I know some famous speeches, such as ``I have a dream.``
When I feel depressed or worried about something, I listen to it.
But around starting sophmore year,
He said he wanted to contract the way of light.
The ingredients are potatoes, Japanese radish, carrots, taro, konjak jelly, mushrooms, chinese cabbage, welsh onion, pumpkin and chicken.
And last, season with miso.
They were good taste, healthy, nutritious and work for warming me up.
I made a sentence, which uses ``that`` and ``which``.
There are sentenceswhich is use ``that`` and ``which``.
I am wearing a short t-shirt, which is striped blue and gray.
The t-shirt was given to me by my girl friend last weekend.
I have some friends who are foreigners.
My friends, who are foreigners help me with my English.
A great thunder came and it turned the sky purple for just a moment. Then a long, heavy sound crashed out, and it started raining for five minutes.
My opinion is that the hydrangea is a flower which looks better on a rainy day that any other flower.
It's true that the early bird catches the worm.
I made it through the interview, and I can work in the company.
It is very hot but very delicious.
Secondly, we can spend more time with our family.
Thanks to mobile phones, we can keep in touch with other people easily, make appointments easily and speak with friends easily even if they live very far away from us
Mobile phones are not only for talking and sending messages, but also for enjoying music, taking photos and getting information.
But we shouldn't forget that talking face to face is a better way to understand each other deeply than using mobile phones to communicate with others
There is a bamboo thicket around my house.
And bamboo sprouts come out during spring.
Yesterday I also went to sleep at 4a.
I searched for the novel, ``Christmas Carol`` by Charles Dickens.
So I asked the salesclerk, ``Do you have' Christmas Carol 'here?``
I found some sentences that are a bit difficult for me.
Now, I haven't yet had a good conversation with foreign people.
I take some supplements regularly so I thought it would be a good time to buy some extra.
The pharmacist told me to take them ``peroidically``.
I think, my health has gotten away somewhere.
The first band that I listened to was ``X Japan.`` After that, I listened to ``the GazettE.`` When I watch anime, I like to listen to the opening songs because sometimes some good artists play the intro. music.
A example of this, was when I watched Death Note. I liked the very first opening and ending song a little bit, but when I listened to the second opening,
The music was from: Maximum the Hormone.
New tries for learning English
I'll try to write in English daily for the next 2 months.
Sooner or later, a super earthquake and tidal wave is coming to Japan with a smile, to give poor Japanese a precious lesson.
We have to stop the Hamaoka nuclear power plant as soon as possible, or we will have to see a very beautiful but harmful fireworks again in the next 20 years.
Tidying up!
It's so frustrating!
This tragic disaster reminds us of the preciousness of daily life.
Today I have come to Seattle for business.
I want to go to ``the first Starbucks``, if I have enough time.
Any unclaimed or unlabelled dishes, culture wells and bottles will be thrown out when I see them.
I have a lot of homework now, but I don't have enough time to do my homework.
the band's name is ``flower travellin band``
We gave her a raincoat and rain boots.
she was surprised and crying because she had been living
I saw them for the second time, in the summer at Summer Sonic 2010 in Tokyo!
My will was weak against the allure of alcohol?
I think alcohol is kind of drug similar to as tobacco.
In addition, I always regret drinking too much next morning.
I know several people dislike the use of code-switching.
I think that talking with somebody is a good way to know and understand each other.
I had dinner at Matsunosuke, which is a neighborhood restaurant.
I want to be a high school teacher.
When I was a high school student, I disliked sience.
So, I want to tell them that ``science is very interesting!!``.
I am not used to writing English, so these sentences have some mistakes.
In order to opt out of the urban congestion during Christmas,
If I can communicate in English, I could know more about wonderful sights
It might have spun too (strong/ quickly).
I have a handy electronic remover for clothes pills that I used this morning.
I got a call about his death on Monday and dashed to his home.
PL means a private lesson.
Next week, I'm going to take a private lesson for the Eiken interview.
For 1st grade.....
I'm studying English
My husband cooked ``Gyuniku (Aussie?
My name is abdullah and I'm from kuwait. I studied at kuwait university for just one term and then left because I'm not good at English. I have to be good at english, so I went to New Zealand to study the english languge because it is a very nice country. I find many lovely people here, and I love nz so much and I feel very comfortable in this country.
my winter holiday has finished
There is a culture gap between us and I can't express my thoughts as fluently as they do.
I think Accounting is anecessity in our lives.
I hope todo work for abig company such as Samsung.
Samsung is the biggest company to comeout of Korea.
And I hope I will be afamous celebrity out inthe world.
I think my strengths aresuitable for theMarketing field.
I have been trying to learn English so I came to South Africa 8 months ago.
Today was truly a hard day for me.
After noticing Oni, children begin to throw soybeans against Oni saying ``Devil out, Fortune in``.
Then Oni escapes from the house through the windows.
We believe these actions can get rid of the bad spirit from our souls and pray that our heath will remain resilient.
I don't know the specific origin of this custom however surely it has lasted for so many centuries.
Also, Japanese knows about grammar
I was going to stay at a friend's home because he wanted to talk about his divorce through the night.
I am excitedly wondering how the story will end, but I'll miss if it comes to an end.
My position is Forward.
I am reading a book and I don't understand something about question-tag It is difficult to me but before I asked Rosie on MSN so I would like to ask you again.
Beforehand, I was so nervous about the lesson with foreign teacher, who was Filipino.
I want to try to have a business topic conversation with another teacher next week.
By taking public transportation such as buses and subways instead of driving cars, people could help reduce pollution.
I think we should reduce air pollution.
We entered in the same year, 2001.
When I entered into my company, I thought I only would work here for 3 or 4 years.
and I will put in a lot of effort tomorrow.
Lastly, he said it is Japanese AV video that stands for ``adult video``, which is considered to be pornography.
People from foreign countries think of Japanese girls as self-effacing and demure in my opinion.
Why is it that so many Japanese girls appear on the AV scene, exposing their naked bodies boldly even if it's slightly behind the scenes?
But there is a reason why I am working hard recently.
Recently, I have discovered that my English has improved.
After all, it's totally not enough to have only English as a specialty.
During this time I have got to know the advantages and disadvantages of live online teaching and have developed my own techniques to offer my students the best online German lesson.
Healthcare system managed by the government can, to a large extent, avoid unequal treatment among patients and lessen the gap between the poor and rich.
On the other hand there is enormous empirical evidence that private hospitals do not have to be inequal or useless to have a negative effect.
Fortunately he is still alive somehow.
potential players and they have feasibility to win next season.
My daughters were so glad to look at it.
Takoyaki is a type of Japanese junk food.
Japanese taste seems to taste too light for him.
``You don't have to study Chinese because I want to keep my conversations secret``.
Therefore I've given up on studying it, and now I'm studying English.
The anime is just ordinary at first but it become awesome later on.
86% of those who have a executive car are not a millionaire.
Four out of ten millionaires enjoy drinking wine under ten dollars.
It is similar to his past book.
After he finished investigating the millionaires who have more than a million dollars in net assets except for their house,
he tells that millionaires who have a house worth under three hundred thousand are worth three times more than the millionaires who have a house worth over a million dollars.
40% of the millionaires drink cheaper wine, under ten dollars.
One is kind of selfish, another is very nice, She will leave here soon.
Basically, I dont expect much and I would be fine as long as I have lady friends that I want to talk with.
I can't believe this news.
It's because I'm now learning french, and I often read 'rurubu' which is a very famous journal magazine in Japan.
The weather is cool today.
I hope the weather can be warm, but not hot.
My face, neck and legs got sunburn when I came back home.
Fortunately, I had both a Japanese motorcycle and car license.
Poor people are using motorcycles in that hopeless and shitty island.
I already have a Japanese motorcycle license, but I have to pass the test in English.
this morning I got up at 6: 30.
I love going to the museum and aquarium.
* picture of fake cakes
This is Cranberry Walnuts Cookies.
For example, there is this super genius kid.
It's interesting to correct others 'writing and have mine corrected.
It is rare to find people who can speak French well.
What a wonderful day!
In spite of my passion toward English, there is no improvement in my writing in English.
It is hard for a beginner to study by himself.
I came back to my hometown from my grandmother's house in Yamaguchi.
I want to be an expert in nutrition.
But before I saw the mountain of KangWonDo, I didn't think like that.
I can feel the strength and spirit of the painting in the KangWonDo's mountain too.
I wonder if I can skip it...
My first impression of the city was that it was absolutely multi-cultural.
For example, we visited Chinese temples and Islamic mosque in one day.
And if we wanted to see wild animals at night, we could join a night tour.
Actually, even my university (which is not as big as Kyoto univ.) has many Muslims, in my laboratory too, and I wondered what do they eat in the cafeteria.
To understand religion, it will be a good opportunity ^ ^
Though my boss says that I can go to Switzerland next week for a business trip, if your friend goes, you must want to go soon, too.
I am starting to write my English diary.
I want to communicate with my colleagues, but my English is poor.
So I'll try to write daily.
The boys have to play very hard from the first minute and try to squeeze in a goal.
I meet a nightbird netpal.
The URL below is the message.
Flitzer from Mumbai
We have been expecting you to be in Mumbai with Kazuya.
you should do everything possible to visit us in Mumbai.
Thank you and have a nice time!
Many ads and commercials do give important information about products; however, some of them are merely misleading and deceptive.
That's to say this sentence:
Many ads and commercials do give important information about products, however, some of them are merely misleading and deceptive.
Question: Can we change the sentence into:
I started work at 1pm.
From the very beginning I was in a lot of stress because the guests were just flooding in.
And at 3pm the chef (or cook) told me that our cold kitchen cook would be leaving on Wednesday....
The airline company I took launched a new check-in system, intended to increase effectiveness and efficiency of check-in procedures.
I Beg a Cat's Pardon
I think it is good to have a better relationship with a human.
I would be free;)
The merit of the smoking habit
``Smoking results only in death.
I love smoking a lot.
Smoking gives me time to rest.
Smoking allows me to communicate with other people who smoke.
We are criticized by non smoking people,
Certainly there are many bad mannered smokers.
and smoke in the areas where we are forbidden to smoke.
I want to protect the culture of smoking from such bad people.
I went to dinner with my wife and aunt.
It tastes like Miso soup and was a little too hot for me.
I really want to be a bureaucrat, so I had searched for a good teacher.
Therefore I decided to enroll in this school.
I'm 17 years old and I am going to university this autumn, but my mother continues to treat me as a seven-year-old.
Hope you can get out of this trouble.
but I persevere in my studies to enter the University.
I'm going to study Japanese history at the University.
Also, I'm interested in music.
Sharing thoughts, opinions and my photos with my close friends is really fun and interesting.
After I practice writing on my blog, I want to become a good writer.
Tomorrow, I will get up at 8 and in the afternoon I will go to high school and watch the girls soccer game.
But unfortunately my wife dislike insects.
My husband's mother made sweet potatoes last autumn.
This is my first-time writing on this web site.
= = = Please correct this = = =
Today I caught a cold and had a little bit of a fever.
I feel so grateful for their nurturing.
I go to elementary school
with my best friend, I hope our friendship will last forever
So I'm going to save electricity as much as possible for now.
I went to a pictorial show titled ``The bridge of friendship between Turkey and Japan``.
Most paintings used bright color.
I thought it was a good idea to hold a show like this.
One day he received a telegram from a reporter he had sent to a neighboring city.
This friday is final classes!!!!!
Most christians go to church on wednesdays in Korea.
I love speaking English, but I need to practice the patterns of English sentences.
I have registered as a member here for a long time.
my favourite song.
things to do, but I should do them next week.
I'm looking forward to going to a concert!
When it comes to a finacial or economic matter that I have to study, I just want to commit suicide.
Anything involving family matters can be very complicated in real life.
I ate curry earlier tonight.
It takes 30 minutes to get to my workplace from my house.
So please correct my sentences.
Today, I got up at 6: 30 in order to practice the bass.
It is so hard to spend enough time doing all I have to do.
1. I thought, ``I want to study English and I want to speak to many people``.
To tell the truth, I hate commuter trains.
I believe they are going back home from their offices.
It was is the autumn colors-the season now.
Each of the Japanese cakes was a lovely shape and colorful, but 800 yen was expensive, I thought.
I said, ``please sell me this singly?``
The saleslady said, ``of course.``
I wasn't laughing; I am a high school student.
I went to the library, made library card.
But, good at dancing and playing the guitar and fashionable!!
I like English very much.
English brings me new life.
I went to Australia to study English for a few weeks when I was high a school student, but my English was very very very poor ((+_ +))!!
I was frustrated but I really want to be good at English, because my time in Australia was very fun and exciting, so I thought I'd like to go again!!!
I could speak and understand only a few words or sentences, but I became happy when I understood what they said or they understood what I said, even though it was just a few phrases.
Yesterday, I wanted to see some news, and I saw some people said the world will end.
I didn't believe it, I think those people are very childish, they don't know everything about the future, and just speak what they think.
Which is the most appropriate way to express my gratitude among the following?
It's easier to write on than my Android.
Its action and music were good, but main character's acting and the story were not.
The movie just took the characters 'names and the power of the main character but not the story.
The sweat won't stop.
I was allowed to go to another country for 3 weeks as a holiday after I finished my first year.
I have decided to try reading only in English for about a month or maybe longer.
So I decided to read children's and young-adult's literature for a while.
Today, I looked up a word in the dictionary, but what does it mean in English?
I usually go to my English class by bicycle.
This book is writtten for a student in an easy story.
We can acquire the skill of logical thinking, collecting information, judge, decision and execution through this book.
I think Pilates is good exercise for a healthy body.
I cleaned my room and it became a beautiful room.
Because I'm a Japanese, she maybe nervous.
I'm going to go to Tokyo on a school trip.
I went to Ajinomoto stadium to dance.
After the game I went to dinner with my friends.
``Kastu curry`` made by my father
My father cooked curry with ``Katsu``.
``Katsu`` is a fried pork cutlet coated with breadcrumbs.
It is very delicious!
I want to make curry like father does.
I'm really sleepy right now!!
I'm going to visit Hawaii in May
I'm going to visit Hawaii in May.
I quit my job two months ago.
Therefore, I guess our company recognized her skill and actual achivement and offered an extension.
This test has 200 questions. (100 is Listening section and 100 is Reading section)
Yesterday, I had a sore throat and a cold.
This morning, I felt much better and refreshed.
My Japanese teacher gave me many articles and asked me to translate them into Chinese.
And I have some words and sentences that I don't understand.
You can view updates about the earthquake in Japan from the URL below.
today my cousins and I went to ``wuxue`` to gather peaches
I think that his is easier than mine!!!
I am not the only person to have suffered from a cough, running nose, sore throat and general bad feelings.
There is a cold circulating around this area, isn't there?
My younger brother turned 20 years old and he will go to the Coming of Age Ceremony next January.
My English skill is inferior to this skill of other students of my university.
and I practice the guitar by myself.
I love music and listen to various kinds of it.
I don't know that I can continue to write on this site untill then, because I'm not good at English and I sometimes neglect it's studies.
I not only learned a lot from the work but also made a lot of good friends.
My favorite singers areYUKI, RADWIMPS, and Jason Mraz.
this afteroon, my boss told us to work during spring festival.
This morning I had a seminar on the Department of Foreign Trade instead of working in the office.
The main point for this seminar is document export.
Ryoma lived in the Meiji Era in Japan.
convenient: My house is located in a convenient place.
words.
When I was in a high school, I studied a few subject that I wasn't particularly a fan of, but it was compulsory.
I'd been thinking that I would have found a way possibly to hack it and get myself video games on there
Because, I don't like vegetable.
I am not sure if this site is based upon some applications such as joomla, drupal, or developed independantly...
The first book I read this year was ``Water for Elephants`` by Sara Gruen.
Time flew by so quickly, during this time, many of them have gotten married.
I met Iidabashi in Tokyo.
I'll try dinner at Iidabashi from now on!
She said ``The doctor told me not able to have an operation, so treating with irradiation``
I really want to improve my English writing skills.
In addition, this also apllies to onomatoponia.
And I think this is true for other languages.
What kind of education have foreign people had? (especially in their primary school days)
Although we do have some good sightseeing places such as a great view of the shore, and clear atomosphered mountains. Not many visitors visit our city due to poor transportation.
To promote our town's good areas, I would like to be a tour guide so visitors can come and know our town's good points.
I would like to be a tour guide not only for job but also for my own benefit.
I don't have anything to write.
But I don't have anything to write.
The most important topic for me is their daily schedule.
My first diary. please revise my sentence
But, if I have been playing sports, the pain eases up.
Cuzit's boring.
American, British, East courst, West courst, etc
A journalist asked his Japanese colleague
But I don't have enough vocabulary to speak fluently.
Their pronunciations are so clear and not fast.
My pronunciation isn't your business!
Thanks Lang-8 and my correctors.
I can't stop writing them easily.
What I want to write is that I want to speak ``Disney movie's English``
I am a high school first-year student.
My school is located in Saitama in Japan.
But my school is in a country.
My favourite writers are Miyuki Myabe and Hiro Arikawa.
Spring vacation starts from tomorow.
I love traveling, music, sports, writing and so
Yesterday night my father told me that he wants me to be a solider while I'm at college.
When I was young I thought that soldiers should be the greatest and kindest men in the world, and my dream was to become a solider when I grew up.
But for now, I have to think about my future. Maybe being a solider would not be me, for I'm a college student and it's an important time for me to learn skills to adapt the social world. If I enter the army, I might not be able to learn as much as I would like.
That's really a big problem now; I think I won't be able to fall asleep tonight.
When we met Shirley and Brianna after having had dinner with Shinae, we needed another ticker for Lucas.
Shirley and Brianna worried about me and gave me some advice about being an excahnge student in Mississippi.
Therefore when you vaccinate, you have to consider the timing of each vaccination.
Perhaps you have problems when you are writing in Spanish because you don't know about the accent rules!
I also watched ``Lost`` which is an Aamerican TV series.
I want to be a translator!
Now I'm studying English to be a translator.
I have some questions about& nbsp; the sitcom Friends
You can enjoy beautiful sights there, for example, World Heritage Sites (Have you ever heard of Kinkaku or Ginkaku?), and colored leaves in mountains, fresh air, and things like that.
demand-Our teacher demanded that we have to finish the report within a week.
I have to put up with the noise the fireworks make every beginning of the year.
Do earthquakes sometimes occur in your country?
Why do you think people attend college or university?
The specialties of those majors are that students can learn a lot of informations that are required for jobs during the college curriculum.
Thus, I believe that people attend college or univeristy to prepare for occupations.
It is just what I thought after watching movies and television.
According the show, now foreigners don't come to Japan so many sightseeing spots have few visitors.
Gift shops, hotels, and any other companies that serve visitors can't do business as before the earthquake, tsunami, and powerplant problems.
Don't worry about coming to Japan.
29th April to 8th May are holidays called ``golden week``.
I could not communicate with classmates fluently...
Writing a daily note on this site is my first step to achieving my goal.
Japan became the champion of Asia.
! Congratulations!
I would like to know the condition, payment period and etc.
I would be interested to get all this information.
Thursday: I'll have a test about grammar in French and a test about the constitution of Japan.
He invented the alternating current (AC), wireless, X-ray, the Tesla coil, Radar, the Tesla turbine, Ratio-control underwater robot, etc.
He could even rip the Earth into two parts by using his little oscillator.
Nikola Tesla is too great.
I have been studying ``Deskstation`` lesson, but I can hardly hear the computer's voice
pretty hard XD), it would be very helpful if some of you native English speakers out there, could give me a hand.
I like to play guitar (ibanez gio jeje), I play a lot of Super Street Fighter 4 on my brother's Playstation 3 and I consider myself to be a geek '' wannabe '' because of the nature of the career I have chosen (it's IT based engineering).
I'm so depressed.
African American people passing by threw a plastic bottle at me, I lost my luggage the first day, and many people in Ohio mistook me for a gay boy because Japanese are more fashionable than others.
It is an incredible souvenir for me.
And, I will give you a souvenir.
It's also a chance to get red envelopes hehe.
I went to the Garden Museum in Meguro Tokyo last weekend.
I registered to lang-8 because I am hoping to make progress with my English.
I have much/ a lot of information about this because I'm living in Japan!
I bought a book written by Kenzabro Oe, and another one about decoding about Kant `s philosophy.
In each country, I had a very pleasurable time.
However, I didn't speak English well and I missed opportunities to interact with people. (redundant)
The hotel, where I went with my family to take a hot spring over 10 years ago, has already been turned into a luxury hotel.
Faced with an unknown future, I feel a little nervous.
Here are two good chinese noodle shops that Sugi recommended.
Dangerous abstraction
I think I remembered about 200 words in these 2 weeks.
There are many maid cafes in Akihabara, Japan.
Everybody was suprised that the US president, Barack Obama, received the Nobel Peace Prize because he had not shown any results yet.
Fruit, vegetables, milk, chicken, and ingredients for a pasta dish like anchovy, dried tomatoes and dried mushrooms.
So to enjoy the videotape, which I purchased long time ago,
My choice yesterday was TENDON.
My story has been recommended to the chief editor!
I was still tired, even though I slept longer.
This is just one of the things that make me tired)
Most of the offices are closed Saturaday and Sunday.
I feel their music is associated with southern rock like Lynyrd Skynyrd, even though they are young.
But inJapan his blond hair, blue eyes and English are his superpowers, blinding women who would normally never give him a second look.
Today, my friend asked me about that.
But my friend was not sure what the teacher said.
Then I asked the same question to my daugter (she is 7years old,) and she answered me, ``Criss cross apple sauce,`` Wow!
I transfered the fee in the convenience store today, so the day I can get it is probably Thursday.
It is difficult to move in perfect darkness.
I was surprised athow fragrant the wine in the darkness is.
That's a strange feeling to explain.
My first diary
I hope I will continue to write diaries in English, so my English can advance.
hi everyone
My Chinese is good, if you want to study Chinese, I can help you.
I come from China, and now I live in Japan as an exchange
But I tried to write somthing as fast as possible even though it is short or boring.
True story-A white horse jumped over a tower and landed on a priest who immediately disapeared from the landscape, Where did this take place?
I was alonein the kitchen.
She was smiling.
Petersburg it's difficult to cope with such weather.
I don't know his nickname--he said it's private.
It is because I can't dry my laundry well and go swimming.
Anyway, I hope that I can take 1 week of summer vacation and go on a trip to Malacca (OR Melaka) in Malaysia.
So I pulled out of the competition.
In this highly attuned state, the Buddha saw a way to escape the inevitable cycle of old age, sickness and death.
Taylor was a mechanical technician in America.
He was called the father of scientific management, and he laid the groundwork of modern business administration.
American management was developed by businessmen and management consultants, while on the other hand, German management was developed by a professor.
Japan adopted the German management system before the war, but it later began adopting the American management system after the war.
Apple uses the American management system, of course.
Today, I went to see a performance of comic dialogue, hip-pop& Jake Camp, of which all the actors were born after the 1980's.
The sentences, phrases and words are filled with his affection for children and nature and he expresses himself so beautifully that I was filled with romantic feelings and was able to imagine each scene clearly.
On long vacations, she goes to foreign countries.
Example ``eingang``-entrance, ``ausgang``-exit.
Casio's are more expensive than other manufacturer's, but its quality is better than others.
But the keyboard made by with rubber material that has no click feeling, that I don't like this.
To summarize, we humans used to hunt and gather food.
The Side Effect of Our Generation in the Competing Society.
This may be the side effect of the rough competing society we are in now.
Many people simply think that failures are lazy and they just don't want to work.
In general, failures, defined that way by society, lack many things that successful peopledo n't.
In this harsh environment, to keep with the idea of equality, I am recalling something someone once said to me.
It's good for relaxing and sleep.
So, the recommended time to drink Camomile tea is before you go to bed.
Over two weeks, we've studied 'Hiragana' and 'Katakana', which are like Japanese alpabets.
I've already found it really hard but I studied the things we worked on in class today for two hours by myself and if I study Japanese continually, I believe that one day I will be able to write a diary on here in Japanese and be able to speak it!
Every word is pronounced to improve your listening and pronunciation, and for memorizing, you can learn by three ways, first, by choosing the correct answer out of the three Japanese meanings, second, from three English spellings, finally, choosing the alphabets for the correct English spelling.
I'm happy to find such a useful (?) SNS.
but I've never found a suitable website or space to improve my writing skill.
I was born in Xi 'an which is widely known as one of the oldest cities around the world, as many as 13 dynasties chose Xi' an as the capital city, which makes me proud.
Just several decades ago, rivers were completely available for swimming and fishing.
Now if I am qualified to change one thing here, I would love to change the environment here.
Xi 'an had experienced a really rapid industrial development during last 30 years. People's material demand have been highly satisfied.
Nowadays, when people don't have to worry about their livelihood, they unanimously find the environment here is much worse than they have imagined.
We have extremely hot summer, unbearable winter, dusty spring and gloomy autumn.
Currently if we keep doing this, undoubtedly this city will be turned into a place where no longer suitable for people to live, sequentially economic achievements will vanish into the air.
Once I'm fortunate enough to be qualified to change environment here, shutting inefficient factories, pouring money into improving air and water quality, vigorously encouraging environment conservative companies, cultivating environmental conscience among youngsters will firstly be done.
I knew their host family has some problems, like they never clean their rooms, host mother doesn't work, doesn't pay for the bills, and she asked themfor some money to buy food, and so on.
I hope they will have new host family soon, they should be more energic, otherwise they might suffer a loss.
But today at dinner, she praised the cake, which I made, she asked me did I make this cake?
6 Please send the report to the directors, and they will deal with it
You have to do something yourself.
Back problem
Japan has been tackling an unprecedented triple disaster; earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear radiation leakage.
So, I was very disappointed.
Since I want you to know more about Japan than you do now, I will post two movies about Japan.
I hope I have colleagues soon.
I have no confidence in speaking and writing in English.
I didn't know/ realize that starting kindergarten required so much preparation.
All of the things handmade by her, except the lunch box!
Actually, she is a skilled/ talented lady and is good at sewing and cooking, but when she does it for her daughter, suddenly she becomes a perfectionist and this causes her to suffer.
Pleased to meet you
I'm from Japan:)
I am poor at English.
My senior left the company.
We had a party in a Chinese Restaurant.
I like this culture.
I tried to remember what I ate yesterday.
I figured out that is was motshnabe that made me smell bad. Motshnabe is a famous food in the Fukuoka prefecture and is made with a lot of garlic.
Even though it is clear that writing grammatically correct sentences is very difficult, it's necessary to communicate freely in English.
yesterday (18th) was my birthday so many friends sen me congratulatory messages, and my father bought me a chocolate cake.
I searched a dictionary too much times and had difficult translating my idea from Korean into English sentences.
Isn't it difficult to understand what this sentence means?
4 years ago, I was surprised to hear a phone call of about the twin's news.
I am a doctor.
I got a headache when we came home.
B: That's why I always keep my eyes and ears opening for other opportunities.
I wrote down this dialogue as I listened, from an English-speaking radio program.
After eating breakfast I saw the movie 'Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring'.
Today we talked about his development plan for the coming year.
He reminds me of when I was a new employee, and I hope he will work very hard and be happy at his job.
I want to eat something that my mother makes.
It turns out that wizards like Ron and Hermione, who are Harry's best friends, are everywhere throughout the world, not just in the UK.
That kind of terrible feeling is too complicated to be described in words.
However, after crying, I calmed down and began to think it over.
The seminor's subject was '' How to be Popular ''!!
Correction and/ or better writing expressions are required!! (6)
Moreover, I could connect to the internet for free via wireless connection, which allowed me to search for the latest research developments in the world.
My father missed my kids.
I told my classmate that my teacher told me not to hand in letters again because I already handed in a lot of them and got very good grades on them.
Thank you for visiting my page today.
so I was planning to go to high school of America after I graduated junior high school.
'Cause I felt that English is too difficult for me.
Hello everyone, nice to meet you!
I've got a working holiday visa, and I'll go to hokkaidou, Japan next month.
Because I was be able to know about their countries and languages.
It is so wonderful!!!!
It's such a cute site and it's really a surprise for me!
Today I received a notification that rich recognized me as a friend on lang-8.
I mean, I hope someone could correct my bad English.
Before the Tohoku earthquake and the Pacific Rim tsunami happened, I owned it. But after the radiation leak from the atomic power plants in Fukushima happened, I bought a special umbrella. Because I must not get the umbrella wet with rain that contains radiation from the nuclear plants.
I hope that I go to Matushima and Miyajima someday.
It's like when visiting a Japanese restaurant in Europe. The foods there tastes like Japanese food, but there's always be something that holds me back from calling it 'Japanese food'.
Maybe it's because the ingredients are not really the same even when I'm following the exact recipe from a website or a cook-book. Onions available in Japan are not the same as the ones in (from) Spain, of-course.
My dishes are surely paella in a sense as recipe-book says so.
Am I making sense?)
Nowadays I only sleep.
The writer (author) of this book is dead.
One cold winter day, she arrived in London with her father.
There was servant named Becky in the school.
I'd like to go to the UK to study English culture.
Their music and the bar's atmosphere was amazing! But I missed the last train...
I want to solve environmental problems all over the world.
Actually Kobe was an urban city and had beautiful scenery.
I wanted to breathe in clean air and see a lot of beautiful nature.
Fortunately I have known and experienced the beauty of nature.
I want to change this situation and save the futures of the children of& nbsp; Vietman.
I want to save youand your children's earth.
If opportunities arise, please help us.
There are many young people who went to Tokyo from their country for their studies in college, their work, their big dreams, or just their longing for the big city.
My goal of learning English is to be able to use English without difficulty to communicate with people around the world with different cultural backgrounds.
I enjoy University life everyday!
There is English class in my university everyday.
I wanted to study english when I entered a university so I'm very happy.
A way for us to help each other
Some of them looked at the business hours sign but didn't cacth the small words on the top saying they were closed.
Since the beginning of the semester, all my concentration was on her.
It's very hard to describe her looks (or appearance).
I heard this movie wasmade by the director of ``Harry Potter``!
Concerning the scale, it wasn't great as ``Harry Potter``.
He couldn't overlook that I seemed to have changed my identity and lost my pride in being Japanese.
So next day, I had my hair cut really short, and dyed it black.
Beyond that, I could only tell him ``Thank you for everything, everything you have given me.`` And I left his house with saying ``See you later``.
So I decided to try to take more oppotunities to tell my friends, my juniors and you who is reading my diary, what I learned until now.
I should never disgrace his honour.
I like Japanese cartoons, novels, riding on a bicycle, hiking and snowboarding.
One of my classmates from college already got married last year. I feel a little surprised because it's only been two years since graduation and it's possible that their financial condition is not good enough for raising a family.
But maybe my thinking is wrong. Each couple that decides to marry has probably already thought it through to have finally made such a hard decision. After getting married, they might have many problems that before could not have been imagined. Sometimes it will be difficult to get through it, but if two people love each other enough, they will finally solve the problem.
But every time this thought comes to my mind, I realize I would do just the same thing as them.
I found a nice restaurant.
I ordered a poached salmon salad.
I said ``Wow!`` I was so excited.
but I am just curious about it ^_ ^
I'm going to attend some training courses on human resources so that I can enhance my competitiveness.
All women were to wear black dresses and men were to wear black& white attire, so it was a very gorgeous atmosphere!
(Additionally the company staff gave each guest a mini chocolate fondue machine.)
The main event was lucky draw!!
While I didn't get it, I got a travel ticket and a digital camera!
To be honest, I can't express clearly what it is that I expect.
We need expectation in our life, without expectation life will become boring, without expectation life will have a lack of motivation.
I believe that when leanring a language, listening skills are required before you can speak it.
You may see great improvement in your English abilities.
Is it a diary? Ya, I should mention something about myself!
I had a little confidence in my ability, so it's really regrettable that I can't take that job.
Cherry Blossoms are so beautiful.
She couldn't speak Japanese when she came to Japan 5 years ago but now it is different.
Going out into the world and earning money is a necessary part of being an adult.
It's the third time they are lucky because they wiped up 2004 and 2010.
These adult-only images may cause sadistic impulses which are definitely not suitable for teenagers.
I cannot remember words which are too long.
This is because she fell from her bike and hit her head on the concrete and she
Because she had hit her head, she didn't understand me.
Since I need to use my English for my job, and my boss scolds me about my poor English often.
I watched Transformers on TV, washed clothes, ate maccha icecream, and masterXXXted, lol joking.
I wanna (want to) try to learn English on this site:) It will be better for me if somebody give me a title so I can write another post.
I feel a little nervous, but I think what I should do now is to make myself prettier, that will give me confidence.
Furthermore, I will introduce our culture to you if you have any interest in Korean culture.
I hope we can become a good friends.
Have a nice weekend!!
The weather is pretty unusual. It's hot in the daytime but very cool in the nighttime. But I liked it though.
I really wanted to buy new clothes!!
My current aim is acquiring a MBA degree at a foreign University in Japan, for example Mcgill and Bond.
I want to do business globally, I think.
Thinking in the positive way, most my time will go to studying and activities.
Should I get married and have a family, raise a child or find happiness in my daily life as my friends look so happy
I am in a dilemma.
I'm not relaxed yet, but I am writing in my diary because I have some free time.
I retired early at the age of 56 after 33 year's as an electric engineer.
Since then I have been studying English at an ISS school, an English school in Japan.
and prepare for the next appointment.
Kuta beach is famous for beginner surfers.
I am beginner surfer, However, when I went to Kuta beach to surf, the waves were too big!
Her mother-in-law and husband were very worried about the effects of nuclear radiation on the baby, so she came to her husband's parents 'house in Osaka with her baby.
However, she feels uncomfortable staying with her mother-in-law every day even though her mother-in-law is very kind.
I heard that the best way to learn English is to keep a diary in English.
So, I will keep a diary here.
For that reason, I want to learn English and make a lot of progress with it!!
I stopped studying English when I started working.
It still concerned me for 10 years,
because my company is planning to do business in the Asian market.
I heard that homestay family is very important to improve English.
I have started studying English recently.
Today, I worked at my part-time job and afterwards, I went to the beauty salon and went to a book store to search for information about Taiwan.
Kimchi party
The kimchi his mother made was very delicious.
I wanted to eat many dishes he made with that kimchi, but I couldn't eat them because I got drunk yesterday and got a hangover. (T_ T;
I can change my image, and look better than before.
I went to the night shift, I got up at 7p. m.
Because of my nursing job, I have to do this (-_-) zzz
I was unstoppable with my friends 'advice.
I don't know perfume well, but I think Europeans have a better sense for perfume than Japanese people.
It because our noses are flat?
My cousin's husband's ancestor was a Viking!
I want to study English more and more.
So, I want to have a strong heart.
* Color:
There are yellow, green even purple (?) tomatos which look like green peppers and they did not taste sweet.
I liked tomato honey very much it smelled like tomatos and tasted mild.
What is the difference between ``anytime`` and ``whenever`` and, ``anything`` and ``whatever``?
>> Please ask me (anything or whatever) you want if you have questions.
The downward spiral has continued this year.
When it was about eleven o 'clock, I went to the canteen and enjoyed my lunch.
We were supposed to have some kind of debate on multi-national-corporations, as either a supporter or an opponent.
Our teacher was a bit embarrassed so he sometimes helped us to get to the point.
I felt terribly bored and tired so I didn't listen to the teacher a lot.
My knowledge of English is very weak.
Because we had no classes today.
So now, I found it's harder and harder to express myself in English.
My mom said, during the summer holiday, you can get work and at work you communicate with people in English as much as possible which is why I should try to improve my English! Which I think will be a nice experience.
skillful people, I ranked 4th in the end! Very excited, isn't it?
We ordered one course which included some meat, fish, the other stuff.
The story was too complicated to understand for children.
I don `t think these are synonyms, but I can` t feel in what situation which word I should use
I want to express my thoughts in English better, make less mistakes and get more training, because experience is the main thing in learning languages and other deals, I think.
This town has three absolutely beautiful beaches.
It was a rainy day.
The United States is the most interesting country, because it has produced a lot of Internet services that have changed the world.
Ability, the States and Internet; ability, the States and Internet,
Yesterday, I also didn't understand English well, so I want to improve my English.
These days, I'm studying for TOIEC test. So, I would like to learn a lot of English grammar and get a good score.
Thanks moongaze, for your corrections while I was away.
Our 95-year-old mother had spent a day at a local day service center.
Very delicious!
I couldn't climb it but it was beautiful.
I'm especially worried about reading.
I'm searching for the most effective way to build up my vocabulary.
while reading, if you encounter an unknown word, you guess the meaning and read ahead.
Even if you don't fully understand it, it doesn't matter because you will see the word somewhere else in a different context.
With this way, you have to look up in the dictionary every time you encounter an unknown word.
They can't read anything without a dictionary because they are beginners.
last but not least, you should carefully pick what to read for your vocabulary building.
Why did my professor decide to schedule it tomorrow? I can't understand.
I think some couples had troubles from the decision.
Tomorrow, I am going to meet up with my friends.
The jogging trail was around the Shimen Reservior.
That is, I always become sleepy after I hear the alarm clock ring, and I lay back in my bed again.
Somebody let me know about this tracking thing!!!!!!!!
I was so up with reading wrapped up in a book and listening to music at full blast that I didn't recognise the Asian girl sitting next to me, her face covered with bad [rotten?] eggs.
I want to give them a real roasting if this situation happens again!
Actually I briefly analyzed the scene of ``Le Papillon`` ~
The little girl follows an aloof old man to look for an Isabella moth, a kind of moth more beautiful than a butterfly.
I moved to Isikawa prefecture, Mie prefecture and Nagoya city in Aichi prefecture on business.
I took my second daughter to a pediatrician today.
She's coughing from a cold.
A doctor said this is not serious.
When it comes to getting old or becoming elderly, most people would avoid images, such as being lonely, or not being able to work the body or brain as before, and having fear of the near death everyday, but truly isn't getting old really a better thing than being young??
She is from China, (born in Beijing, nationality is Chinese.) but has lived in Japan for over 15 years.
But it's quite difficult now because I have a fracture in the right finger...:(
Let me introduce myself briefly.
Anyway my favorite thing is to watch dramas from the US.
Yesterday I happened to meet seven friends in a single day.
But It's [it was] rainy today.
We went to a good restaurant, and had a nice dinner.
We had not seen each other for such a long time.
73 years ago, the Japanese army killed about 300000 civilians in Nanjing, the city where I live now.
But what do we remember?__ Not ethnic enmity but the pain and stupidity of war.
I know in not only China but also Japan there are still many people who just remember the ethnic enmity.
Is that right to regard the enmity as patriotism?
I want to improve my English skill through Lang-8
Now I am determined to re-read it again, because of my
little nephew's recommendation and advice which is actually what his teacher said.
This morning I checked 1 detail in a part of a drawing and 4 assembly drawings.
I felt a little fatigued and left my office.
First, it's safer.
In a place where you're not familiar, a friend is very important.
You never know what could happen to you if you're alone. If you travel with company, other people can help you right away. Traveling alone is more dangerous than traveling with company.
If you travel alone and you make a discovery, you might have no one to share with.
I'm a little nervous and confused...
Unfortunately, I'm a smoker and I don't want the Japanese government to increase the price of cigarettes anytime soon.
NEW TEACHER
he looks like he hated the question.
I understand that there are a lot of possibilities to find job, but it's an awful place to live.
We walked and talked a lot.
Jay Chou
These days when I listen to his songs again and by looking at his lyrics, I
Some people thinks it is inconveniently when they do it.
We have never won the championship, so we want to win the championship.
I washed their gravestones and watered the flowers around the stones.
This is because I need to do some work for an academic subject, Educational Psychology: Institutes and Their Groups.
or observing the birds, the fishes, and all the beautiful animals.
I make a cup of coffee every morning.
I saw actors, however, I forgot their names.
I feel so happy now when my friends who I knew on lang8 still remember me and send me an email.
Practice writing and listening?
I went to see a doctor as soon as I felt the pain and was told that the muscle had a problem but would recover sooner or later.
Many people stop to ride motorbike in this season.
Although it's cold, mymortorbike cheered up me!
According to an objecter of this strike, my proposed solution is in one important respect actually worse because it involves wrongly coercing all taxpayers, not merely the few military conscripts necessary to fight the war.
because my dad went to an expensive restaurant with his colleagues!!!!
I ordered a lot of meat, salad, rice, drinks, desserts and many other kind of things.
I hope that one day I can study my PhD in America and go surfing again in LA.
I hope this is not the beginning of rainy season.
I will go to ``Kenji Miyazawa's`` museum.
And delicious foods too.
Though I don't have many law classes, and my law classes are all about business.
I can't have anything, including water, but I already forgot this and I have had milk tea.
in KUMON school every Thursday.
Boastful talk
I talked about morals and immorals in English with my friends.
It was difficult for me, but now I feel relaxed;)
He was a quite a gentle Miniature Schnauzer and he gazed at us with his twinkling eyes from his cage.
It means ``doctor`` in Japanese.
But I can't write English very well.
Momoko: Is it true that there's no food to sell at supermarkets in Tokyo?
I sat down there and thought about my future.
But this year, I'll go to Yakushima, it's one of the Japan natural heritage.
I'm a beginner at singing English songs.
This afternoon, I will coach an elementary school baseball team.
If someone asks me: ``Do you like English?``
Because of my poor English skill, I understood only less than a quarter of the English sessions.
I'm reading ``The Lord of the Rings`` in English. I finished reading Chapter 1. It is interesting but also difficult for me to understand the English.
Hello!!!! Everybody!
I used to be a system engineer, but I sometimes got a headache.
Today, I studied ancient Japanese culture in Japanese History class.
For example, in Nara, there is a beautiful mountain called Miwa mountain.
I'm an elementary school teacher in South Korea, and I really want to speak english fluently.
I was given a cold shoulder; (,
I have been off since Friday, and spent most of the time at home making a precise itinerary for Italy and packing my luggage.
For the time being, I can't study enough English and can only use this PC at the lobby so I may be making a lot of mistakes. sorryyyyyyy.
That is to say, crane have a auspicious meaning for Japanese.
Learning French.
My teacher is Taiwanese, but she only speaks to us in French in order to make us adjust to the speed and the accent of the French language.
I found that English and French are a little similar, like the spelling and some pronunciation, so while we are taking the class, we always guess what the word means according to our English ability.
Hearing or listening
working student, studying at the art and
I enjoy thinking of new ways to improve
the life of people and make us human beings
I want to try performing Rakugo in English, and tell people from overseas about the Japanese sense of humor in the near future!!
I'm going to go to Indonesia in next March, because of the transfer held by the a company I work for.
I've already studied English in high school.
Now I'm confused, since I'm studying the Indonesian language and English at the same time.
Because nowadays, Korean students and Japanese students tend to be totally separate according to their own nationality groups.
Anyway, I have recovered from this sickness.
Some place within my heart
It's like a shining diamond,
the diamond is still in the box,
I'm provably making some mistakes since I am ignorant about this site.
On the first day, I went to sea that is Kujukuri beach with my friends.
Actually, I was supposed to play volleyball before beer garden.
Summer vacation in this yaer was so much fun and very fulfilling for me!!
who's gone abroad for about a month. (singular)
It is important to understand the cultural difference. For example, how people handle things as they are faced with difficulties.
I believe that we need to establish certain trustworthy relations for each other.
Did we put too much pressure on him?
Tomorrow I have an examination in English grammar.
grammar practice
This is a very valuable memory for me.
fortunately, a car my colleague drove stopped and he/ she called me.
so I apologized to my boss.
I'm currently enrolled in an English program in which I can talk to Filipinos who are students or graduates from the University of the Philippines.
Ok, well, I decided to write my weekly journal in English as the writing teacher ``recomended``.
Each member introduces themselves.
The reason why I haven `t used it is that I didn` t know the system.
Well, I stated to play trumpet about 10 years ago,,,, (so long...
It's probably because I broke up with my boyfriend, or because I am tired of my part time job.
I want to get a foreign boyfriend, so I can learn English from him.
I have never been in the company of foreigners, so lately I am attracted to them.
at first, we played games in order to develop our sense of team-work.
it is difficult to climb over it by oneself, so we firstly had two boys help the girls climb over it and then the boys helped each other to climb over, but there was still one boy left who had to climb over it himself.
after the games, we had a barbecue.
I love watching movies and learning languages so I will post it that relate with my interest later.
Today I was late to work again. I was 1 minute late.:D
Ahhh, I wish Santa will give me a new one on X-mas (Christmas).
Today we have a compulsory course.
As I have missed it many times, I can't catch up with the teacher.
My friend visited me and we went for a walk together today.
We sometimes had the same tea togeter and talked about our dreams.
Last week my younger daughter got high fever, and her doctor said that she had the mumps and that she couldn't go kindergarten for about one week.
I took three days off, my husband took one day, and my father visited my house three days driving for one hour to care for her.
I was going to eat a lot of strawberrys this morning.
I could watch it from the harbour bride, so it was spectacular!! (We'd been waiting for 8 hours to keep a good place)
They really don't care about the environment.
And it's about the tragic incident that occurred in 2005 in the Guard Post.
It is very cold today, too.
I have to dress up [today?] because I have a party!
I'm so sad and downhearted.
So I study English by using a ``Nintendo DS``.
Father and I planed to go to my garden every Saturday morning.
We also plowed a new field, and scattered a bag of the fertilizer in the field.
Goodbye, then.
However, there is a country that allows kids to drink
Is the Japanese 20 year old legal drinking age appropriate?
I am Nana from Japan, and I have lived in England since this August. I will stay here another ten months.
I study English in England now, and I want to improve my English skills and I start to use here.
She especially liked some sunglasses and took some pictures while wearing them.// Them = Sunglasses.
We can buy various foods in Australia.
Of course, I can do it.
The purpose of my taking part in this site is to advance my skill of writing in English.
If there are any mistakes or strange expressions in my sentence, please correct them.
From morning to midnight, I did experiments, and then went home the next day.
I am trying to make some software with my friends during our spring vacation.
My team has 6 people.
But now, when I closed the book, ``The Autobiography of KFL`` I knew the truth that the music was trying to tell me: MAKE A DIFFERENCE.
Written by Robert Lee Frost
Today I found this poem by chance, then became inspired from it, so I quoted it here.
There are many chances to study English in Japan.
I almost never go out during the daytime, so I don't get used to the heat.
So I am thinking it would be more efficient if this company focused on instilling love for the company in our minds.
I arrived the platform, and a train came, but I couldn't get on because of too many people.
Suspension does happen sometimes because we play much more than normal players, playingforover 36 hours with two different people might trigger theserver's auto suspension feature (automatic detection by blizzard's programming), so being suspended by botting doesn't mean we were botting, it means we aresuspected ofbotting.
This company built many thermal plants and nuclear facilities.
Only few elite can enter this company.
Fukushima nuclear plant already belched a certain amount of radiation around there.
The main industry of Fukushima prefecture is FARMING and FISHING.
Fishermen and farmers in the Tohoku discrict will definitely have to shut down their businesses.
Definitely it is because, the Japanese goverment will not be able to bulid nuclear plants any more, and they will have to check existing nuclear plants for a long time.
On top of that, food costs/ the cost of food will be also rise.
The Japanese government must rebuild many destroyed infrastractures, of course they can do it.
Tolong dikoreksi ya.
My mom is bustling around the rooms cleaning and doing the laundry.
The soothing sunlight comes through the window and cast itself on the floor of the room slightly blinding my eyes.
The due date is around October.
It might be really funny when my mom can't speak English to communicate with them
I had no idea there is such a good website in the world where all language-learners can learn together and make progress.
I've been to quite a few places, especially in Europe, but it's not enough yet.
I was surprised that there are so many people who are good at Japanese, and I am interested in how this website works.
Excuse me.
I want to master the functions of Lang-8, and communicate with the members.
First, Merry Christmas to everybody! I'm very glad to take part in this network, but my English skills are weak.
Of course we made an appointment and ate the delicious food.
It's quiet and comfortable.
My coworkers are really nice people
It was very difficult for us to find the event.
I usually go to church on Sundays.
Yesteday I had a service at Syonai Ryokuchi Park.
variety of food which everybody brought.
Everybody was enjoying the tennis and Lacross matches.
This park has a very nice cycling course, so I was cycling there in
Though I like thrilling race but I prefer to watch more safety race.
It's a very hard job because I have to pay more attention compared to other kinds of jobs.
It looks like a bistro and is not very formal, so I feel comfortable.
The other day, I happened to find the answer that they eat ants.
Although I'd already known about the great writer and his works,
It is almost same in China, and surprisingly some schools have taught English since their students entered school in urban areas such as Beijing and Shanghai.
Japanese culture vol. 1 SUSHI
Now SUSHI is a common word all over the world.
Various countries create their own SUSHI.
SUSHI with avocado was created in USA.
It was invented in the Edo period, about 400 years ago, in Japan.
I will eat SUSHI tonight.:)
But in autumn, the sounds of insects such as crickets, singing crickets or Japanese bell crickets, green tree crickets and so on are very nice.
I want to know about your idea about sounds of insects from many people from many countries.
Finally, we are supposed to go to eat sweets at a cafe.
We are supposed to go separate at Shinjuku at 11pm after seeing her off.
But our family may be considered weird by our neighbors.
Reality.
but sadly it is reality.
aaaaaaaaand I love watching the stars.
Maybe tomorrow it will continue to go on.
I heartily hope that some nuclear facilities that are now at the risk of exploding will safely settle down safely.
It's really nice city and the weather here is cool.
This is the first entry of my diary.
I saw a video on YouTube about this site, and I thought it would be fun, and a chance to improve my English and learn a little Japanese.
Because the recipe is too obviously wrong.
Of course my English skills were also part of the reason.
But, I heard by accident that she's been dating someone.
Lately, China's weather has been very strange.
My hometown included: last week I never got out at all, because of the heavy rain! Once I went out to restaurant to get lunch!
I can swim a short distance so I can't interrupt my practice! So, I have a good idea, I can go to the swimming pool next to my home!
my mother and I went to the nearest swimming pool but it's really terrible, because the pool of water there is dirty, I can see many small pieces of dirt in the water!
Japan is famous for its cartoon shows, such as Pokemon, Doraemon, and Dragonball Z.
In universities, it's a common phenomenon for students to occupy seats.
Although some people hold different ideas about it, I think that each student should have equal rights.
I need some to help me on my English skills.
He said this place is a good way to learn english.
But ``twp`` is used in the English subtitles, and in the ``Internet Movie Database`` website ``twp`` is also used.
Thanks for reading my diary!!
I understand this all depends on the exact amount of money. But even if it is just a hundred dollars, I'd suspect that my friend doesn't have the money to solve his problems by himself.
But instead I saw ``Lie to me.`` I liked this movie very much, cause it was very interesting!) Maybe it's unrealistic, but I think it had a wonderful idea)
More than ten years ago, there was a broadcast on the news that the scenario writers of DQ and FF would collaborate together to make a RPG.
I saved money and bought that game which title was ``Chrono Trigger.``
It is said that Chrono Trigger is the best RPG in RPG history.
I often read a book in the coffee shop.
So the book holder is very useful,
It was so useful that I was impressed.
He answered that the most important thing is talking to/ with each other a lot.
But nobody asked ``Why are you late?`` since they know about today's traffic jam.
Most of foreigners say that it tastes good, too.
Coffee bean is more effective than Coffee Mix when you are on a diet.
I'm so sleepy
Someone said his death was because of this film.
We turned off all the lights in our dormitory then sat down alarmingly, arm in arm.
My husband said, ``I need a portable hard disk to fix it.``
Actually, he wanted it before.
I'm writing my diary from a mobile phone (cell phone), and I'm not using a dictionary.
Mass media must convey correct information.
If we believe wrong information
To everyone who wants to study the Japanese language, I'm very appreciative if you could review my English and revise as necessary.
John Travolta and Denzel Washington played the main characters in the movie.
The thief had stolen her motorbike.
These days English is getting less necessary for me.
I can speak easy English.
My teacher says ``if you don't know about Japanese tradition, language, culture etc, you won't be able to speak other languages``.
Many Japanese people don't know about their own country.
After beginning his business, he overcame this tendency.
And the manicurist is very kind and funny.
Jacket potatoes
I'm going to Shanghai this summer. I'm so excited because Shanghai is a big city and will have the Olympics. I may not go to olympics, but I am excited.
I think it makes a good connection with Asian countries.
But is the high housing price unusual, or is it a natural result of quantitative easing?
As one of my favorite teacher is my good friend, I asked him if I could take group lesson with my Skype friends and at the same time I asked my best Skype friends Zac and Mark if they could talk with me and my teacher.
and my philosophy in life is based on my high school days.!
I want to listen to others before they listen to me,
They take care of others before they take care of themselves.
I want to have Jesus's heart, full of love and compassion.
I'm terrible.
What I'm going to say is just my experience and personal opinions,
So even if you can pass the Cambrige English examination, you have to work for a Japanese company at the beginning of living in a foreign country.
Of course there are some exceptions; some foreign companies want to get Japanese speakers.
There are some dishonest Japanese recruiting agencies in Singapore and Hawaii.
I think you are a very careful person, so I don't think you are going to register with those disgusting recruiting agencies.
As far as I know, there are some of those kinds of recruiting agencies in each country, especially Hawaii.
Although some problems occur, I can learn from them.
Furthermore, traveling abroad alone improves my English ^ ^ Nobody can help conversations so I have to manage to speak English.
Anyway, it was too cold.
I learned from my friends that Lang8 can help my English progress and that someone would modify your post.
All children, especially boys like to pretend they are searching for ``big treasure`` with their friends.
They were very upset about their families 'situation.
This map had information about an old pirate's treasure.
The Goonies (name of their group) went searching for the treasure to help their parents.
Because I changed my career to a foreign capital company,
What procedure should I take/ follow if I want to join?
Today, I went to the New Field to have (take) my English speaking class. The class is taught by Robin, who is a funny English Teacher.
I'm very glad that I can totally understand what Ronin has taught and have a lot of fun in class.
Going back to Japan
I need a lot of practice every day to get good at language.
My hometown's one are colored with red and white.
But the most popular one is colored with only white.
My precious Michael
I love Michael Jackson.
His songs are very beautiful to me.
I'm not sure why I was crying, but I couldn't stop.
Michael wishes is our wish, at least in his songs, and hopes our hope.
I developed a rash on my chest.
If a medical clinic were open, I would have gone to see a doctor.
I will go to see a doctor before I go to my office.
A member of my gym, who is 25yeras old and very macho, is traveling in Argentina now.
Traveling makes a man grow up, but he should never forget to run away at the approach of danger.
I wish we had Silver Week every year.
Gensou Shoujo Taisen Kurenai
Even though I paid $ 600 for the schoo's internship program, they let me go to the Chinese company in Australia.
Of course, I asked my internship adviser before starting the program: ``Which language do they usually speak??``, He said: ``English.`` because I came to Australia to study English.
I frequently got around on foot in Japan in spite of the fact that I have
Unfortunately it was cloudy and windy. The heavy wind made the sea rough...
It took around 30 min from the pier to the diving point.
The boat rocked in the sea and it made us terribly seasick...
To prevent it from getting worse, I watched the horizon...
I could feel a strong swell at the bottom of the sea at the surface.
It was enough to forget to search for lobsters.
After the first diving, during the break on the boat, I got seasick again.
One of my co-workers gave up the next dive because he was seasick...
But the most important event is coming!
In 15 minutes, I'll leave for my hometown to stay at MOM 'S home.
I keep on trying these steps until my shadowing for it is perfect.
It takes about five minutes for one phrase.
I search for Englsih homepages about ``mushroom`` these days.
It's very very interesting to read articles about mshrooming in other countries.
I am very tired, because I did not sleep to prepare for the examinaion.
I'll do my best to continue.
Although I switch on a fan, I don `t turn on the air conditioner to conserve electricity.
I've registered my name for Glastonbury.
Normally I get twenty-five thousand wons, but this year it is less than last year.
there's a character, Sharpay.
After that, I introduced myself for my new class.
She is a spokesperson for Shiseido (A big cosmetic company in japan) if I remember right.
Now with my friends I live in a very nice house with a balcony and four rooms.
We only finished moving yesterday, because on Saturday soon after we arrived we started an opening party.
I believe that through this, I could truly improve my speaking skill since those who introduced this way to me speak fluent English.
They've been telling me that it's hard for them to raise a baby in a foreign country without their friends and family.
I felt a bit sad to hear that because I'm their close friend but there was obviously nothing I could do for them.
Although they have many friends in Japan, at some point they were seriously considering how to meet new people and how to make friends
I hope they will enjoy the rest of time they have in Japan and I want to make their life here more enjoyable at least when I come visit them!
A famous middle-aged american actor, who went to Japan because of business, met a young, pretty american girl in a hotel, who came to Japan with her husband, who was a busy photographer.
When I watch a drama, I don't use subtitles.
When we into the bath nobody was there.
One was an inside bath and the other was an outside bath.
I enjoyed having a chat with my lang-8 friend in India last night.
Please read my diary and correct my grammer.
Recently, every time my friend sees me, she always says 'Why do you look so tired everyday'.
I noticed that to study is better than nothing even if I failed the exam.
If I study hard, I don't mind the result even if I failed it.
I just wanted grumble and express that I'm going to study from now on.
The mistake was very important.
I `m very happy that I can count on somebody who knows about their language, and everything, because they are British, or from other countries where English is the spoken language.
I hear that my grandma was diagnosed with apoplexy because she hurt herself carelessly.
I read a newspaper before breakfast.
I always talk to friends on skype every morning.
A lot of my friends tell me that I am nice, because my character is cheerful.
Because it REALLY HURT!
It's wonderful.
I'm looking forward to watch next 3D movie, Alice in the Wonderland.
I found that I start to waste time since I got my admission.
I stay up late and watch tv or go online.
If there's E in front of the name of the soap opera, then you have to wait.
I cooked a handmade breakfast this morning for the first time in a while.
My wife and I will go to Jeju Island tomorrow, and stay for 2 nights and 3 days.
I work in a construction firm.
I was majoring in Architecture, but now I develop PC software to do business for employees only.
I can understand English and I can read it, but I'm not that good with writing or speaking.
Recently, I realize there are many similar words in English.
5) I'm wondering if he gave a good presentation.
I'm listening to Complicated by Avril Lavigne now!
Please let me know the difference
If so, what's the matter with it?
Then, I boil some water and drink it while stretching out myself.
As a result, everyone enjoys a good chat him.
It is my favorite type of rice cake.
I found this website URL
I presented a bouquet of sweet peas to her.
I don't think I am old.
High level cholesterol can cause a stroke/ cholesterol level or something bad for our body.
a boring diary.
I like princess characters, so I enjoyed so much.
I was tired so I wanted to sleep, but I couldn't.
Driving license in NY
A driving license is mandatory in US.
Even though it is convenient enough, most poeple tend to apply for a driving licence.
That's because the license is also useful as an identification.
I am now proceeding to get a driving license.
After school, I decided to play basketball. I liked playing it very much. I was confident in the game. My tiredness was unable to keep me away from my love for basketball.
joined in the game.
I said to myself, 'Whatever happens, I must maintain my composure and keep a strong heart'.
Happy New Year, everyone!!
Do you think that honour is popular nowadays or did it become old-fashioned?
My healthy plan 2!
The main TV companies and many of the other broadcasters just think about how to protect their privileges.
TEPCO, the company which operates the nuclear power plant, the executives of which are accused on TV daily.
But on TV we are not told the much more inportant thing-that the head of TEPCO went to China with people who used to be executives of the Japanese TV companies.
I cannot believe him.
What is broadcasted about the nuclear power plant problem overseas?
so I must improve my English writing ability to adapt to the new job as soon as possible.
It is not very nice to watch, but
My condolences to everyone.
P. S.: Due to these abnormal weather phenomena (lately), do you believe that 2012 really exists?
Also, I saw the sunset over the river while walking and it was really beautiful.
Now I can hear birds voice, and see a clear sky, a beautiful sunset and leaves changing the color almost everyday.
I take an English lesson once every week.
I like to talk with my English teacher but I can't speak in long sentences.
I should increase the time I spend speaking English or I should find another exercise for that.
In the third lesson we had English presentations.
I was very nervous!!
My first language is Japanese.
If you have a problem with Japanese, I will answer your questions!!
Since there is no way I can wake up so early in the morning, I refused her right away.
In spite of that, I hurried to reserve a shuttle service for her.
Books or the internet?
In the afternoon, I was browsing magazines in the bookshop.
Even though it hasn't been changed in recent years...
As soon as I came home, I registered.
At that time I thought that I might die.
everything is him...
My teacher sang a song which the title was ``Linda Linda``.
He was such a spirited person who made us very exciting!
One thing that I was not quite happy about was that I couldn't see the contest of female dress!
I can remember running around the supermarket.
I'm an university student who is studying meteorology right now and I'll graduate soon in March 2011.
I must go to chorus practice until ten o 'clock today, but I I could not wake up early this morning!!
So far, my weakness is ``articles`` and ``plurals``.
Finally, school uniforms develop inner individuality and creativity.
I live in Indonesia, but sometimes I travel to Australia for holiday. I like living in Australia because there no pollution like in Jakarta, Indonesia.
The worker explained it very well and was very kind.
With drink, we exchang information....
When I heard a Podcast from Los Angeles the teacher who lives there and teaches English for non native English speakers in the world answered a question; what sound do you love.
His answer was it would have to be the sound of the garage door closing when my wife comes home.
You know, it's a little troublesome because again I have to download the lost memory it used to have before.* sigh*
The dichotomy that is common of postcolonial literature, and that's the dichotomy between a sense of homecoming and exile.
harm: Honey bees won't harm people if they don't do anything to them.
I suggested that we had better go to see an ophthalmologist first in case there is a more severe problem that we didn't know about.
Oops!
The fee is very expensive even though the insurance will cover it.
Furthermore, today was a kind of an anniversarry for me.
2 months passed, when I started going to her house regularly.
England is okay, but the problem in Spain is the [ir] league.
There is grammar in Japanese, of course.
I can speak Japanese but I understand all of the grammar.
SO, I plan to study from basic grammar to high-level grammar.
First of all, I will look for grammar book.
I think English grammar is very deep...
Also, another person was stoned by native children when he was riding a bike, and my friends have experienced unwanted sexual conduct from their home-stay family and professor.
Before, I took ESL (English second language); then, some Mexican insisted ``the native don't trust us because the policeman often stops us.``
When will you do it if you do not do it now?
We had also listened some little stories from my dad's CD (a CD that come together with a book from his English class), then we listen on the car radio and translate to portuguese to see who got what the story was wanted to say!!
I am having trouble writing my self-introduction in English.
I was very shocked by the news that Japan had a disaster, I couldn't believe it happened in my country.
As a person who is taking care of children, I am really worried about mothers who are protecting their children without heating and water for drinking in stricken area.
It's autumn but I'm looking forward to the coming of& nbsp; spring.
What is your favorite character on Dragonball?
The clerk was kind enough to fix my glasses and wash it free of charge.
Looking at the big picture, the disease was necessary to me.
I am a nurse.
What is more, even if I have an idea about work, I can't make them understand my opinion precisely.
I'm going to Vietnam for a month during the summer for a kind of practical training.
I believe it will be an unforgettable and useful experience!
I was surprised to hear that.
Although I never gave up studying business English.
Exercise is necessary in life.
I felt that this is a very useful way to study English, so I decided to use it.
Yesterday, it was around 40 Celsius.
This week I choose French as my secondary foreign language for next semester to learn.
The title is ``Nostalgia``.
Your body tries to change your brain conditions.
I thought it was a funny idea XD ~ If I have that one, I will always wonder where my cat is or imagine where he came from?
Actually I prefer dogs than cats, but since my sister adopted our cat I just started to see its adorable part!
-the image I had of the movie was formed from all the gossip I had heard.
I want to snowboard!
But it's fun to snowboard.
Is being a student with bachelor degree enough?
I lent him the money that was in my pocket.
and I thought about ``I want to go to abroad!!``
Last night was so beneficial.
I have to wait until Monday.
There are many assignments and drafts in my USB.
I got a little energy back by looking at the dog's picture shown above:)
I have to tell an embarrasing or a horror story this Thursday.
introduce yourself
To me, it's important to learn new things that can broaden one's mental vision.
I'd love to challenge things that are especially too hard/ difficult.
nowadays HANRA has extended its business overseas.
when I worked odd jobs at construction site, I felt it was worthwhile after completing a structure.
Actually, doing extracurricular activities doesn't disturb our studies if we make full use of our time.
So I suggest that students do extracurricular activities along with their academic studies.
My friend has homework too, but he is listening to music while resting his legs on my shoulders:D I am not a masochist.
This site was recommended to me by my philsopher professor.
I must more careful to not set a fire.
unfortunetely, I have an appointment.
even if I have an appointment, why it is unlucky for me.
Because, that appointment is having a class, which mean I have to attend my class.
I dont want to recognize.
And I checked mixi some times; Japanese SNS service like facebook or MySpace.
Please check my writing and comment on me.
I went to a public bath with my son.
There are various types of baths inside and outside of the facility.
Hopfully, I will improve my of English& Japanese here.
One of them illustrated a period when I was in primary school and traveled with my classmates in the park of Prince bay.
It seems that I can learn a lot from here! (-:
And also, I hope I can make friends here.
It's my first writing.
Is this the right choice, changing to a totally different area?
I have been working for four years so it was natural I felt bored with my previous job, but won't my new job seem just as much boring to me after another four years of work?
If so, what is the meaning of change? Continuing to change to a third one?
I really don't know what I should do now.
so they recently came to Japan on May.
This is my first dairy.
I have a Border Collie.
A member of the club taught me how to throw a disc.
and fast.
The board of education in Japan prohibits a normal book store from selling school textbooks.
Now I can't write a proper English composition.
I almost forgot the basic but important grammar.
The things I want to say all turn into Japanese.
I talked with a native speaker for about 2 hours starting from 7: 00 (English is only 1 hour.
I will talk with a Filipino person for an hour.
My Pastime
I took a job as a barista.
He also told me that I should reveal my talent little by little, while showing respect to my seniors.
Some of the his work is heart-warming and some have strong messages.
Sometimes I talk to my friend who I love in my mind.
But I got 6 parking tickets including a handicapped parking ticket.
It was totally my fault about the handicapped parking ticket.
I know that I should not park in the handicapped parking areas under any conditions.
I don't know why I always have a tendency to doubt myself.
Toyota has continuously developed based on strong trust.
But now, the company has been losing its strong trust.
Losing trust may collapse even a gigantic company.
I've been studing English in Australia since last february in order
Children who chose to wear a Danjiri's costume joined the celebration.
I will go to watch the Danjiri again today.
I think that I should learn English.
Because, English is so difficult for me.
The Black Eye
And for women it's kind of an important factor that
Usually we ask our dates how old they are before we start
S if Americans look at me, they might see me as 20-year-old or so.
With the magic wings of imagination, we can take our tedious mind off to another world easily so that we have the chance to get away from the outside world for a while.
Snow-covered
My colleagues in our Dept.
She was good to us and to a certain extent she would side with me and even take responsibility if we got into trouble.
Usually we would talk at lunch time and share what was happening in our daily lives. I don't remember when she stopped having lunch with us, giving us the lame excuse that ``she is on a diet now``,
The first diary
I'm at a loss to write a diary in ENGLISH.
I'm working at a training center with volunteers who are going to help developing countries.
First, everyone is divided into several groups and each group is given an envelop.
Every group finds different materials in their envelop.
for example, I went to Victoria Peak, Tsim Sha Tsui, Jordan, and so on.
Victoria Peak was especially beautiful.
Pet Industry In Japan
I'm going to travel to lots of places and take nice pictures.
How SonyEricsson Xperia Ray hits the spot with me is that Ray drives an Android OS and features a great a camera that outperforms moderate DC.
I have nothing to write down anymore because I'm exhausted and I'm starving now!
I made plans to travel.
My favorite topics are Electric Music (Techno, Electronica, Breakbeats... including composing), Web Design (HTML, CSS, jQuery, Flash + ActionScript), Social Problems (international and domestic), Environmental Problems.
And some people say it is because of beautiful weather in June.
I have a little rabbit.
I believe she could be a famous football player.
We ate, drank, chatted, and watched a little.
I used to be a kind of a shopaholic when I was in my country.
I just got a job interview invitation.
Am I incorrect?
So, today I bought the same novel translated into Japanese...
This makes me very tired and disappointed in myself.
about me
I need to use English and Japanese to watch tv, read comics and goa world tour.
Before I do something, I prepare for it thoroughly.
At least during that time, I cleanse my mind and repress impure thoughts that hinder my concentration.
And that careful but timid attitude fills my mind of impure thoughts, and eventually hinders my ability to be honest with myself.
It is not so difficult for me to develop an iPhone application. iPhone applications must be developed in Object-C.
But I like yogurt.
It is very convenient for us to go anywhere.
Today, I renewed my driver's license at the police station.
If I go to ocean vocational school, about I will study about marine life
Dolphins are very cute.
If I can earn the money, I will buy tropical goldfish.
The Change of The Trend of China's Population
I was very nervous, but I'm happy to explain it well.
Sushi bar
Before visiting the zoo, I had been especially looking forward to seeing capybaras because capybaras have been very popular in Japan and I heard they look unique and cute.
I have come here to learn more english
For my writing is very bad; I need to develop my grammar and fix my
I think I can develop my sentences here and learn more vocabulary
I was together with it.
when I did my assginments, I talked with my friend...
I think the best coffee has good memories rather than good materials.
I went to English school after work.
In this class, there usually isn't a teacher but I had a good lesson.
First, I visited the waterfall.
I'm studying Korean words now because I have an examination.
I have my own plan for this year and I will do my best to complete my plan and I wish everyone can fulfill their own plans too.
But suddenly their lifestyle changed as soon as thier husbands finished working.
Their husbands stay at home from the morning till night with their wives.
I must (talk with my) English (teacher).
today I found a website that is useful. I don't want to write too much today because I have an exam coming up.
well she said, no one would like to get paid cheaper than 30 dollars.
I appreciate that you encouraged me with a prophecy.
This sign is hot-tempered, full of energy and likes to do dangerous things, the reason may be that it's effected by mars.
Taurus is a sign affected by Venus, so the sign likes beautiful things and eating wonderful food but is inflexible.
Gemini is a dual-personality sign, quite different from Taurus. It is flexible, knows much but is not deep and cannot keep promises.
Libra is a sign which is balanced and undecided, but charming.
She said that the Chinese are not as diligent than before.
Today I rode my bike around the street, suddenly a car bumped into a dog, but no one stopped to help the dog.
What a strange world, what cold people.
I wanna know if it's common to say the first way in British English, like they doin AE.....
I also know that there is the Ryder Cup golf tournament held each year between the U.
Because when you tell a white lie, it just gets you away in that situation.
I want to use the term ``over my dead body``.
I don't know how to use that in a sutiation.
Secondly, my university's summer vacation is so long that I can do many things: travelling, volunteering, studying and so on.
What shall we do?
They were very crowded despite the rainy day.
I just watched a movie in the new theater instead.
And I want to know whether you understand something about this article after reading my reflection paper.
Maybe he likes Japanese foods.
My old foreigners friend told me I couldn't use chopsticks well so I need a spoon.
Eventually, I thought of someone.
Later on during high school I enjoyed the subject 'Korean modern history' from the Joseon era to present time.
Even though I'm not good at Korean history, I used to get good grades in Korean modern history.
They resisted not only by force, but also by writing poems, novels, etc. (I especially like the? resistive? poem)
They were not afraid of death and some patriots sacrificed themselves for their country.
Thiessen is a very kind guy.
We are staying in the hotel with fully booked accommodations so we will not be bored.
My acknowledgements to Geoff Cutter
Why do people believe a lie and refuse to believe the truth?
John Watson is soooooo adorable ~! But they have only three episodes for this year:((Damn!
I searched her song, ``Love Story`` on Youtube and listened to it as soon as I could
By the way, thanks to the people who correct my daily entries, though I don't know
how to return the favour...
Is this a matter of bad habit or can it be changed easily?
They have their own schedules already.
The mysterious Victorian age, the inscrutable Brontes.
Sushi is delicious.
We orderd a lot of delicious dishes.
Evidently, I picked it up unconsciously when I was living in Oregon possively from my host mother.
Walking on a Tightrope in Rio de Janeiro
I like it since I was a kid.
It is very beautiful and shiny.
By the way, What's your recommend musical?
I really happy-my new home is very beautiful.
According to the news, a young woman said to some parents with a baby in front of a kids store,
I'd like to study more and I'd like to apply it at my job.
I hate crowded places, If I stay there for too long, I get a headache.
Beside there were no gasoline and toilet paper as well.
I like intelligent and thoughtful people.
Today my son finished primary school. (Is it called elementary school in the USA?) The whole family is happy for him. He is a wonderful student. He won first place in the knowledge competition and his average was 9. 8.
I think I am not a good student
I like the challenge, but sometimes I feel frustrated.
I hope you correct me if it's necessary.
Recently, I feel so sleepy while working, especially after lunch.
I was like, ``Nah, bitch, just goofing around I reckon, but I am still trying to find my way, bro.
He was like, ``none taken, what do you take me for, asshole, but if you don't mind, let me give you a piece of advice, get real, be realistic, you always told us that you like reading and learning, so do you wanna be a translator or just a literature geek?
but let me ask you a god damn question, we, people are never gonna make it 100 years, we don't live forever, so I just stick to my fuckin motto and faith, what if I got diagonsed with leukaemia next week and was informed that I only have 6 months to live, then what the fuck would the money and fame and working at a major company mean to you? ``
I decided not to tell her my feelings anymore.
Today I had class with our foreign teacher again.
He taught us English culture.
I'd thought I would go to work where my ex-colleague recommended me after Spring festival.
I think what I need to do is to think over what I want (to do) and insist on that.
Recently, many NPO/ NGO organizations have given us explanations as tohow our donation cansave children ofdeveloped countries.
But it is inconvenient to use for their financial men.
But they can't help other children, for example not help diarrhea children.
I'll go to the stadium next month to watch the national team play.
I'm weak from drinking to much alcohol.
We went to bar the day before yesterday (Thursday), we stayed there until midnight. I think it was 3 o 'clock.
However, I felt I am not as young as I expected.
Kathy, the narrator, talks about her childhood, which was very different from ordinary people's.
They don't know anything about their parents.
New vocabulary practice.
I said I will serve you dinner immediately because one of the guests looked so hungry.
I can't speak English well.
and report Korea's air traffic plan.
So we have to know those facts why we were born in this world and why we came to this earth and after we should die.
But I'm not the person who always gives in when facing difficulty.
I left Starbucks and I'm at a another cafe now.
In the afternoon, I took a special class. A former JAL (Japan air line) cabin attendant came to lecture us, so we had to wear formal suits in this class.
We went to a bar (our secret place).
Everyone drank there too but I couldn't because I felt sleepy.
He said it was very high quality.
I found an English book for learning last night.
There was a wider space than usual between the platform and the train, maybe 60 to 80cm.
I think that it is very dangerous to walk through platforms during commuter hours both morning and evening.
Today I'll watch ``Madame Butterfly`` and ``The secret of the Himeji castle``.
I like the American drama Prison Break.
Although this software is not free, it costs only 2000 yen to download.
It was wonderful!!
Today is my daughter's birthday.
I went fishing.
The fish swam away,
but I held onto the line.
So I said goodbye to the fish very quickly and left as fast as I could!!
, I spend most of my time studying and reading.
The complaints are endless, because the lift broke down continuously. Many students and teachers were trapped in it.
I'm so lucky to live near an industrial area named ``Zhong Guan Cun.``
A porn film prevails in Hongkong
Less than 40 days now. The exam is (right) around the corner.
I would like to thank the person who will come to correct my grammer.
I correct the diaries written in Japanese by other people.
I should correct them to help the people who are trying to learn Japanese.
I might teach wrong
so I have to use dictionary not only for English but also Japanese!!
It's easy to find the journal which is really great.
I can even find Japanese journals that are written
I regard that my little knowledge of Japanese disqualifies me to be Japanese.
They won't seem to attract my client.
They are terrible.
In order to understand scientific language, as examples, normalization and abstraction are needed to be introduced.
After the break in the afternoon, we have the subject ``sport`` but I went home becasue I don't like sports.
Of course, English is required three other sports.
I have to fight for that ~ ~ ~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
since sentence structure is quite different.
My purpose!
My Purpose!
Let me explain. I'm an engineer.
Why do I have to study English?
I have to know a lot of information.
If I studied English everyday, I would be a good engineer.
It's hard to get up early in the morning.
Finally, I get up at 7: 00am.
Why didn't I get up early in the morning?
For example, I put a pillow under her head.
Today the Japanese Government announced the measures to solve their economic problems.
Tonight it's awfully humid and boiling hot.
Love ur mother-tongue and being proud of it!
But right now I'm studying English to be a translator.
Today I went to a gym used by American elementary school students.
I am staying at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki today.
I'd like to learn English in order to write and read articles of science.
I was always proud of my health.
weather tomorrow.
Yaki-soba is fried noodle, with sauce.
The first hour of class was 'math'.
It's difficult for me to study math.
it came as a surprise that I answered: For experiencing!
well, I can experience life in hell then, can `t I?:P
Being alive I can experience a lot of things.
but I dont think I need to worry about how much time I have, instead, how much I can experience:D
come on, let's experience the amazing world:D
My son had his 6th birthday and I called him from Siberia to Israel and asked him what he wanted me to buy him...
There are a lot of attractive stores like clothing stores, cake shops, bakeries and cafes.
Yesterday I bought a big almond scone at a bakery.
This device's circuit board was covered by a synthetic resin which caused the problem.
I warmed it and managed to remove most of it but I couldn't take it away completely.
I love his artistic temperament.
We're gonna meet at our favorite restaurant.
Someone gave me a bag of potato chips.
about 3 times bigger than usual.
My friend's decision.
Kanojo wa tomodachi to gakkou e aruite imasu.
Boku ha sakka-wo shite imasu
This is the first time it is showcased, since the Heian Period.
That is why I was surprised to find so much trash today.
Children are given too much free time? Task4
Nowadays, some people might concern that children are given too much free time.
From my point of view, when they are given too much free time by school, they may spend more time on surfing the internet, playing computer games or watching TV, moreover, will probably do something which is not allowed under their age without a guardian.
It maybe not a good idea either, it will make studies become boring and tiring, yet the extra presures given were not necessary.
In my opinion about children's free time, I believe school is a good environment where student start their socail life and team work, including vairety of studying.
However, when they are out of school, they also should arrange their free time wisely to do other recreational activities instead of an axtra school work.
I was asked about my hometown by other students who were in the class.
I wish I could speak English a little better.
Hi, everyone. Nice to meet you. This is my first visit to this website. My English is poor, so please help me and I will appreciate it. I can speak fluent standard Chinese. I want to practice oral English. I want to make friends with all of you. So welcome to China. I think you will love this great country. I love her.
After the rain, I opened the window and took a deep breath.
I came downstairs to take a walk and enjoyed my free/ spare/ leisure time.
Once a week I take a tango lesson.
When I close my eyes and just move my body with the tango rythm,
I'm jealous of him.
I need to accustom my ears to English sounds and pronunciation, although I know the BBC is probably too...
Somebody said it is useful, but up to now I haven't had an English audio version of a book.
Moreover, he got/ became angrier and louder while I explained that they were all just my abandoned experimental materials.
These materials are my painstaking effort, so I can't discard them on time (?), but it didn't matter (?).
Sunday is a regular practising date for my ballteam.
No matter what ever you want to play, you should make sure you have enough warm up activities, such like Stretching, jogging or others.
Prevention is better than cure.
I had explained to her that food builds the body (water also) but she didn't follow my advise
I am really poor at grammar and tenses.
The saddest part of this story is the fact that this story really happened with the author.
He described the one part of his life, when he had made a few mistakes, and lost his dear sister.
Today I watched a movie.
The movie title is ``Alice In Wonderland``. I watched the animated movie in my childhood.
There are many differences between the animated version, and live action version.
This morning class, our teacher made us do an activity, that is to draw your partner's picture and describe your partner, everybody can't draw well, so everyone's picture are like kingarden's picture, but it's funny.
First, I much prefer trying on the clothes, shoes, or accessories myself to check their sizes, textures or material, fit and so on.
Maybe I'm not a person who is suited to living in a modernized and technology focused society.
I want to change myself first of all.
Recently, I decided to save my money, because I used a lot of money last month.
Of course, to think on an accrual basis, I spent over 200 yen because it includes rent of my apartment house, lighting and heating expenses, and water rate for today's cost.
I tried to avoid getting sicker by eating good food, resting, and continuing to go to the gym to exercise, but nothing worked for me.
I'm not Santa clause, definitely.
My major was literature, so once I wanted to be a writer.
This is a story of a professor named Morrie.
He has a fatal disease and a student in his last class wrote this book.
Although I haven't read it through, it is a wonderful book, and can't read without some tissues.
For us students, every summer and winter vacation, it's a big problem to buy tickets to go back home from distant universities.
In my view, to stop this situation from becoming worse, we should never buy tickets from train ticket scalpers, since everyone has a responsibility to make a harmonious society.
if you have a skype just add me
So I will wake up and see the mountain and sunrise together in the morning, drink beer, listen the music and dance with Mt.
I wanted to know if this story is true or not.
He is 8 years old and lives in South India with his family.
I don't want to go on a splurge.
I couldn't help meeting another guy!
(or I couldn't help but meet another guy; or I had no choice but to meet another guy)
If the rain had started sooner, I wouldn't have been able to have my lesson.
I'm going to continue writing about the Assimil course.
``If you are a student, you will show a better school record or
April 18th was a special day which was my college's 50th Anniversary Celebration.
I started Lang-8 because my friend recommended this site.
This is first time I've utilized lang-8 for my studies.
I have friends who can speak in English, but they are not my teachers.
Well, in case you don't know this movie before, here's the introduction from wikipedia URL
You can translate the title into ``My House`` in English.
If you want to get an idea of what a Japanese family is like, you may find this manga helpful.
So I am studing English because I want to be friends with a lot of people.
It's very beautiful not only when it blooms but also when it falls.
Now, we are planing to have a entertainment show at college.
Then I want to present the iconography of the altarpiece, focusing upon the biblical narration, and then I will mention some features of this work.
The next part will be about the history of research and dating.
This presentation is about a triptych called the 'John the Baptist altarpiece'.
The example in Berlin is so similar to the 'John the Baptist' altar in Frankfurt that a long discussion has taken place as to which is the original.
These three pictures show the most important incidents from John the Baptist's life.
On the first panel you can see a depiction of the birth, and naming of John the Baptist.
The middle panel shows the baptism of Christ.
The last panel is about the beheading of John the Baptist.
These three paintings are supplemented by a detailed illustration of miniatures in a gothic arch, which functions as frame for the pictures.
Can a quarter, a 25 cent coin, change one's fate?
Also, I talked with my Chinese friend in skype.
When I arrived at my house, it was time for dinner.
I think that I rode the bicycle for 1 and half hours.
It is also sometimes hard to tell my feelings with foreigners.
In my old memory, I think I had to prepare a photograph
I was not busy today.
According to myth, when she knew that her mother was pregnant by an unknown father, she was angry and called his four hundred brothers and sisters. She wanted to kill his mother (her name is Coatlicue), in this moment Huitzilopochtli (God of the war) was born; he was born armed like a warrior!
I was very surprised!
Sweet Potato
Do you know sweet potato?
A large number of companies are obtaining funding by mortgaging their cars and other assets at pawnshops.
The customs procedure takes 3 hours and will be conducted in a cooled warehouse, which will help a lot in summer to keep food/ produce fresh.
The Korea government is preparing to manage it successfully.
Secondly, it's very short sighted thinking.
I think they can contribute to cultural variety as time goes by.
Having the agenda of neo-liberalism, they just generally increase repressive measures.
I got payed lesser than the low limited wage.
Basil, thyme, lettuce and tomato are in the picture.
Unbelievable...
My star-sign is Taurus.
I think reflexology is helpful to recover from surgery, so I suggested to her to get reflexology treatment.
Japanese people in japanese rooms usually sit down at kotatsu during (the) winter season.
I felt that someone may think that we are superior to the laborers from other countries.
Many universal students are free, however people in my circle, univ-coop (university coop), will be very busy.
My hobby at this moment
because this needlework thing doesn't bring any benefits or money.
(yes, I sleep with a fox Johan, giggle!
Because it is a bad habit.
When I have handmade work, I can relax from concerns and immerse myself.
I went to Kyoto this spring vacation by myself.
My favorite shrine is the Kifune shrine.
Kifune was built to honor a god of water.
Why does this sentence above use 'has basketball', not 'baseball has'?
Yet, the symphony of spring project the comfy atmosphere today.
Then, the sugarcane are milling milled to make brown sugar.
I came to pick my guest up from the airport, but the flight was delayed by twenty five minutes.
I feel worried about studying English.
Are they correct sentences below?
* Elderly people's share of medical expenses has increased this year.
I'm told when women are in menopause, they are more nervous and fickle than before. <<NOT ALL
studying about Gandhi is complex and difficult for me, so I don't feel like reading his autobiography (the textbook)....
This is the first time I have come abroad, and my English skills are not good, so I can't communicate with native people in Seattle well.
Japan AIRLINES (JAL) decided to stop the flight!!
But JAL decided to stop the flight from Japan to Bali yesterday.
Two of them were Haruki Murakami's ``nejimakidori kuronikuru (The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle)``.
I found my journal was corrected when I came home after my job!
MY SPECIAL DAY
and I do not know what I should do...
this is my first diary entry.
Although it is very exciiting and I 'm looking forward to going, I am worried about one thing: the temperature.
Actually this is the biggest problem for me.
For instance, to reduce of the fee of electric energy, some companies develop inventions that store solar energy.
I'm still writing my grade thesis.
I always dream of traveling to other countries, seeing other people, smelling other soil.
We made chicken with sauce and did homework together.
asa watashi ha gakkou de benkyou shimashita.
yoru watashi ha hataraki mashita.
Car wash to Jollibee to Greenwich de hataraki mashita.
So, I decided to doze off again after waking up early, it was not a good idea, because it led me to wake up at 7: 15am, if I did not prepare quickly, I would have been late to work!
I am not going to a travel with Ke, because it's too expensive for us, but we will host a BBQ party at his home, with his family...
Lost My Entry Authorization Certificate
Today, the olympic games started in Canada.
Sometimes, we are in a beuatiful place, but do not realise it and we want to go away, yet there are many people from other places who want to visit
A mile is equal to 1. 6 kilometers.
However, I'm worried about the jewelry I buythatis same price as aticket, so it might be crap and if it is, I'm not sure if Ishouldbuy such a fakepiece ofjewelry.
maybe, I must work harder.
I'm watching a Harry Potter movie on TV.
It `s been raining day after day for so long.
Some day, I am determined to study English until I speak fluently, before I grow old.
Is it because we are introverted that we are not good at chatting with people?
We test-ran 800 meters today.
I really don't understand myself for falling in love often and I had been depressed for every girl I met.
I think I desire too much compared to normal guys...
I'm pretty excited about reading these books.
I believe the problem of stress in the workplace is not being dealt with sufficiently.
We should address the problem of stress in the workplace positively.
I like Taylor Swift!
Next month.
Foreigners who are living in Japan for several years probably feel that ``they are discriminating against us``.
The reason why I write is that foreigners are very rare in Japan.
Even I always gazed when I saw foreigners in Japan.
visit?
working? ``,`` Oh, foreigners, very rare! ```` Why did they decide to come to Japan?, this country is very far from their own ``,`` Can they perhaps speak English perfectly? ```` Are they good at any kind of sports? ``,`` Are they Europeans or Americans or Australians? ``.
I played on the body board, which is an ocean sport.
I like the sense of humor, the affectionately designed characters and most of all the kind of story telling.
Especially the way the complete backstory of the central character, Mr.
After the game Okada, who is the coach of the Japanese team, asked the chariman of the Japanese football association (?) if he can continue being their coach.
Nevertheless the coach loses confidence in managing the team.
Recently, I got a laptop computer.
It was hard but we had a good time until the tournament.
(I love these kinds of movies.)
I want to write a diary
But I want to write a diary in English.
Today I wrote a report in class.
The report above requires more than 2500 words.
Because Japanese is usually pronounced in the order of consonant + vowel + consonant + vowel I suppose the mistakes which my daughter makes would be typical to Japanese babies.
He finished studying abroad at Kagoshima University, Japan.
In many circumstances, the Japanese people who need to speak English for their jobs are white-collar workers.
From yesterday to today, it was snowing too much.
As a saying goes, good manners equals a good future.
Furthermore, the day when everyone builds up good manners, is the day when we will be able to enjoy our lives better.
There is no reason to not have good manners.
Yesterday, I played the guitar with my friend in my house after school.
Yesterday, my husband went fishing and brought back many fishes for me.
Summer vacation is drawing near.
At first, I thought I would be able to eat them up easily.
So I wanted to throw the instant noodle away.
However I thought it would be ``mottainai``, so I couldn't throw it away.
My friend recommended this site.
Today, my client invited me to dinner.
I've been busy for preparing my individual presentation recently.
We often exchange letters or souvenirs with this system and also often talk using/ with the company's extension.
Who are your recommended singers?
Finally, dress boiled pasta in this sauce!
Check my article and correct it.
Though, even if the grammar is acceptable, change the expressions if are not used currently,
DinBo's home is in a big town, and it takes a long time to pass through a/ dark forest.
Just when he walked quickly and quickly, someone/ obstructed him by/ caught his cloth.
Because I was busy yesterday, I couldn't write a diary.
Why did ``Avatar`` loose so many oscars despite the best performance in this year?
Today is the last day of 2010. I have been a graduate for almost 6 months. Although the job of foreign trade is very busy, I always try my hardest to make progress.
The biggest problem is my English. Sometimes I feel afraid to speak to foreign customers.
I could go wherever I want.
A friend of mine said that it was disappointing because the 3D glasses detracted from the color and brightness of the film.
I'm not being critical or sarcastic, and I usually don't care about which restaurant has a terrible service or which staff. is rude
Actually, he misunderstood my address maybe due to my bad Korean pronunciation, but he was neaby so I told him the correct adress.
Then he just said, 'I saw the map but I couldn't find your house, so I returned to my store.
Thus I decided to tell them how to make tofu,
It is a very challengable and interesting attempt.
but, it was enough to take away all the sultry weather from this morning.
However, it focuses on one Daimyo (Hideaki) so much, that the story is not understandable.
When I visited the class, the sore throat had gone, and I had only a nasal voice.
Steve 'apple-head' Jobs is really cool. ``
Finally, there are many kinds of games that require using my body.
Today is my first son Mark's birthday.
l was glad my son was happy.
I am distressed.
Hi! Today was cloudy, so I sat at home and watched a tv show. I also listened to music and drew in 3D program (solid works). In the future I would like to work as a programmer. I'm studying metallurgy these days...
I'm friendly so if you write to me, we can have a conversation;)
I do need a normal English name because I don't want my foreign friends feel strange when they call me Pengfei or Fei.
I think Christopher Nolan is a very smart movie director.
Everyone, Laos is wonderful, beautiful and kindly country.
If you are too tired in your life, I recommend that you visit Laos confidently.
For example, a German shepherd dressed as the police, and his owner dressed as a prisoner.
And there was a mummy dog and a witch (the owner), and a hotdog dog and mustard.
However, when I looked at the unit carefully, I found that it says KJ, not calorie.
I can read English to some extent because I have been learning English for more than 10 years, from junior high school to university, but I have not practiced writing, listening to and speaking English.
They asked me, ``Did you buy it in Mexico?`` I said, ``No, I bought it in Korea.``
Japanese peoples like rulers lines (A. K. A Excel junkies)
I think one of the reason is the history of word processors use in Japan for the past 20 years
I have to remember some Italian language for my job.
I read an article about lady Godiva, you know, the symbol and the namesake of the famous chocolate maker.
It's a shame that the legend was not what really happened, but I don't think the fact that it's not true will diminish the attractiveness of the story.
I don 'tthinkI 've fully understood why the company chose her as a symbol despite of the statement on their website,' He (The chocolatier) sought a name that embodied the timeless qualities of passion, style, sensuality and modern boldness '.
And many women had Hakama (Kimono), it was very beautiful.
I can't stop drinking coffee, although I don't feel sleepy.
I always drink over 3 cups of coffee a day, but I learned that drinking too much coffee is not good for health
All of their music is very cool.
I'm embarrased because I can't speak English as well as translate it into Japanese.
I thought that it would be used for business entertainment.
Anyway, Our team entered a competition last Satuaday.
It's a very small competition with only four beginer-level teams.
But we were not good enough to win.
But I'm really relieved that it did not hurt so much.
I had a great time; I feel like I'm in Paradise!
I will be able to have Paradise time in February too.
You would say this word when one is expecting you to do too much for them, when someone is relying on you a lot and you are annoyed or angry about it.
Hahaha!!
Tonight, I will watch the Chun Wan and the fireworks show, which is always fantastic for us, the Chinese.
'iCarly' is a sitcom in which Carly and her friends make their own web show called 'iCarly'.
I am jealous of a woman.
I have exam on monday in korean. I hope be first in my class.
last noon, my boyfriend ate greasy back shrimp, at 4pm, he had a stomachache, he was vomiting and had diarrhea, he felt uncomfortable.
It is hard for me to walk around TDL& TDS all the day!!
My husband and I have been married for 5 years.
This Wednesday, I went to Ikebukuro in Japan after work.
Nearly every applicant to University is required to take this Examination.
I heard about this service from one of my colleagues.
I hope that I can develop my English and also make many new friends on this site!
Telling The program is about other TV programs I like, USA or UK drams, for example.
And soon the Chinese language will be very popular.
But here, on Lang-8, many people want to know Japanese.
Their music is not cool), Maximum the Hormone.....
It's a bus tour to go to amusement park and find a Mr.
Usually, it is more informal than arranged marriage.
So I think you shoud use a website that is aimed at specific groups, for example, a website of climbing, cooking, and whatnot.
The soothing breeze is trying to evaporate the moisture of laundry hung on clothes poles by my mother.
Occasionally, some birds zoom past before my very eyes.
Where does your family usually go for a summer holiday?
So, I started my motorcycle and went out without a raincoat or umbrella.
About 10 seconds later, the raindrops suddenly became large and heavy.
This pic can immerse you in the late 70s USA, a life where you have no one to control you and every right to violate [what?]!
I think we can deal with the problem using proper methods that enable us to dispose of the waste matter and make the environment clean.
At first, she wanted to learn acting from the actor, but gradually they developed a relationship which is like father-daughter and lovers.
However, all the projects aren't always successful because some of them are led by the initiative of developed countries with little concern and understanding for the local governments and people.
Santa Claus who wears a red hat and red clothing gives very kind children gifts.
We (do things like) watch a movie, have dinner at a very romantic restaurant, or exchange gifts.
I found Mos burger nearby my home!
Cuz it's very quiet and few people are here.
Before 7pm a crowd of people are often here.
I guess they are university students especially.
Writing english on this site is also learning..
He likes Power Rangers, Masked Rider and UltraMan.
My English is at the basic or pre-intermediate level.
And I made it a habit to memorize what native speakers corrected.
What do you recommend for me to do?
However my throat is still not clear.
I went to the Tanglewood Music Festival with my colleague last Saturday.
I listened to the open rehearsal, the prelude concert, and the main concert.
However, the understanding of the necessity of the procedure does not seem to grow.
Please correct my English, for any mistakes.
What should I do to solve the problem?
I was sweating because today was hot and the event was held outside.
It was kind of a sense of fulfillment.
One of my woman friends suddenly said,
certainly foreigners don't care about small matters.
But I think I should be more self assertive,
I got up around 11: 11am today.
Is it at the shore of an ocean/ at the ocean shore or the apartment on a high floor in a skyscraper?
Ordeal of the Entrance Examination in Japan
In Japan, we call the system the ``escalator method``, which means once you get on an escalator you can arrive at the destination automatically.
A recently discovered species of a frog fish, has been dubbed the ``Psychedelic fish`` because of the beige and peach zebra-stripes that run from its blue eyes to its tail.
Using its lower fins, the Psychedelic fish expels water from tiny gill openings to jet itself forward.
Psychedelica has a gelatiness body covered with thick walls of skin that protect it from sharp edged corals.
On purpose I'm not stating which one is the best because if I did that, it would be easily jammed with traffic.
It gives us a lot information about books, movies, cafes, actors etc..
When he was going out, suddenly it was beginning to rain.
``Shall I lend you an umbrella?``
I'll come here on some rainy day to return this. ``
``Regular holiday is Wednesday but we do business only on rainy days``
I had made some mistakes, usingthe previous method I used to support him at home.
Because of my
foreigners.
go abroad to see the world when I have the ability.
beginning of the loss, I thought it was my bad luck.
It was true.
It is crowded in Sydney.
Yes, when I met her the first time, I was somehow confident this would happen
please check sentences
Now one of my favorite artists is Drake.
I found this website on a discuss board and it seems interesting.
My first diary is about my new PC.
And access high speed Internet.
I pick out the best shop to buy it, however the shop had no stock.
Yesterday, when I walked out my office, I saw a lot of crows.
I never saw a crow before until yesterday.
STEP4 Highlight the ideas from step three that I believe are true, or could be true, in certain situations.
After the coffee was ready, I put a filter paper on my cup and poured the coffee into my cup.
Actually, my father-in-law's birthday is 15.
Can you believe that the temperature is higher than our body temparature?
I can't understand what happened.
Please let me teach thank you.
I was puzzled by his English.
It seems that it is the 5th biggest earthquate since 1900.
it is late to make a sentence in my mind.
I got so exhausted but this experience brought me a sense of fulfillment and new friends.
To write a diary in English or Chinese once a week.
It is a reason to learn English and Chinese.
The city of Munster decided to ban cars within the city and use bicycles instead.
The suspicion of match fixing in the Chinese football league storms the nation.
Last Sep. 2, the second division soccer team Qingdao had a match against Sichuan.
The Chinese football association initiated the investigation but these past three years, the rumor about match fixing is going around in China.
Recently it's been insanely hectic and I can't review my entries.
look beautiful
There were two things that happened this weekend.
Second, My parents had a serious argument which surprised us since my father (split the water?) and broke all the things in front of him.
I really don't like the way that he communicates his anger sometimes.
Next we talked in park.
Suddenly my friend said: Toshiya, you doesn't go back because train left a few minuts ago.
Yuta lived near here and he is very kind so he stayed me.
Then he changed the design so I helped him.
If he has a trouble, I'm going to help him.
I like to travel (especially to foriegn countries)
I'd like to explain the Himeji castle.
The shape remains us a white heron flapping its wings, so It is called ``Shirasagi jyo`` as a nickname.
people who I can share things with, have a conversation with, and make a relationship with.
Recently, I have been lucky enough to meet many friendly, special neighbors at the dorm.
I already met one kind neighbor who didn't mind spending more than three hours in my room fixing my computer.
It's not that long ago since he moved, but unfortunately, he said yesterday that he'd be leaving to Japan for his business
In my opinion, we don't need to be strong and perfect to
fish, why not examine yourself, okay! It is not too late.
So, I am writing a diary!
So I always practice writing, reading, listening, and particularly speaking.
I ate some foods but the German sausage and Toppoki from South Korea were the most delicious.
Foreign people think it is too hot.
First of all, take Vitamins and iron continuously.
I could like it, but if I don't go into an accademic career or the specialisation of hospital pharmacy, working at a pharmacy might be unsatisfactory and it woud n't allow me to have different experiences and to ``build`` a personal career.
I am a very energetic person and I am able to keep discipline. Energetic sounds more natural
I love reading, so I love book shops.
In addition, they looks like some pictures or marks.
When it is someone's birthday, we always make presents by ourselves.
there was an earthquake.
I didn't know whether I should run out the restroom.
When I was thinking that, the earthquake had finished.
Today when I took a break and search the internet, I found that there were really a lot of people speaking highly of this film.
because it runs well.
This Thursday, I ate so many different Poccky.
Also, Wednesday, I went to a bar, for ``Okinawa dining``.
Today I tried to explain that Mt.
I want to make my son a professor.
They are my favorite.
We drank alcohol in the sea house.
I was so nervous...
It 'a joke, but anyway we enjoyed fishing.
met my classmates and made new friends who are Arabic.
I'll be very busy from April, but I'm excited for the new life, and I feel anxious a little bit at the same time.
I'll be a student, so I'll have many sutudent discount.
Though all of my friends laugh when I showed them the picutures.
This is a technical and amazing invention.
My vacation days are nearly over, so I thought it was a good time to get some wind.
Everyone applauded sincerely and cheered joyfully for them.
Although I've had a few relationships before, none of them I really wanted.
Yesterday, I went to an English lesson.
During a group discussion, a question came up: Could you live without electricity?
Someone said that he would commit suicide, but I think maybe I could live better without computers or the internet or tv.
Without these things, I could walk out of my room and talk to real people.
The answer is ``public servent``.
Now I am listening Macros Frontier and working.
We are supposed to talk together using headsets.
The maximum is-8 degrees.
There is no Chinese teacher at Odawara castle.
I'm just study by myself, with a Chinese language textbook.
The orange colour motivates my heart.
The blue-violet colour is very nice.
Now, you can see the beautiful red and yellow reeves around Odarara Castle.
Unfortunately, I don't know the historical significance of Odawara castle.
My English is not good.
Incidentally, I have received notification of EIKEN Grade 2 and Pre-1 test first stage exam which I took on January 25th.
I was so suprised, because I didn't expect that I could pass either of them.
you can Google with ``* (asterisk)``.
And to search for an exact phrase, enclose the phrase in double quotation marks.
Unlike our ancestors, who lived in the past, we are now living in a world which is full of media.
Theoretically, the media reflects how we humans 'lives are advancing and changing.
Then, the media appeared, which tried to express one single message to the public, and that is what almost dominates our daily life today.
For example, we have seen several interpretations of the event of 911 from the western to eastern media.
The media advances our quality of living by informing us of what is going on around the world which allow us to deal with our lives easier, but we should not ignore that the media is not a neutral mechanism but a living organism which has its own values and tries to influence us when we are heedless.
And, never forget, try to think twice about the meaning of the information when you receive it.
A question from ``Can I Do This``.
I sometimes think that my problems could go away like melted snow.
In my opinion, it seems like a combination of two words: religion and ridiculous.
Groups of birds soar to the west for family.
So I'm studying English now.
I arrived on March 28 in Melbourneof Australia and will study here for
To celebratethem, We went to their family's house and hadlunch:)
But his subordinate, a woman, betrayed him because she wanted to save the human world.
Japan has diverse climates, so there are unique and varied local specialties in each place.
At the shop of Niigata Prefecture, the employees stock plenty of snow next to the shop every winter.
I'm a senior at University and a major in Education.
I want to write more, but I'm geting sleepy..
Until I got my lost stuff, I spoke to the man in charge.
Luckily, all of my colleagues are very nice, so I just can work hard and do my best now.
``You are really a good man`` Kate answered
yaaaaaaaaay!!
I want to eat Japanese food soon.
A bag of snacks disappeared in about 1 minute.
Unless you watched this drama before, you would never understand the whole story totally and it won't be interesting anymore.
Even though, I have never seen Star Trek before, I strongly recommend to watch this together because I hope it can increase my imagination like the moive Star Wars.
We display so many dolls to wish our daughters's good growth every years.
(When it ended, I was very very sleepy.)
It is a kind of training at my work place (company) once a year.
First it was canceled, but then it was postponed to a later date instead.
So I decided to go to Okinawa.
In Japan, cherry blossoms have a lot of petals now.
Since so many people went to see the cherry blossoms today, I couldn't pass through the road by there.
I have been to four foreign countries:
The United States, Australia, Indonesia, and Singapore.
My favorite place is Australia because I was so impressed by the Coral Sea.
I've started to dance Tango since this February.
I don't like buying clothes that are made in poor countries.
That is, clothes which made in poor countries often made peple work very hard for very very little money.
Cheap clothes are very popular, but they are not good for those who made the clothes.
So, I like to prefer '' Fair Trade ''.
Especially I hate Japanese apparel brand UNIQLO.
I want to wear clothes which make everybody happy.
To enjoy fashion is Ok, but I really want a lot of people know the fact of cheap clothes.
I took the morning off today, because I had a stomach-ache.
Do you know Higashino Keigo?
Did Santa Clause come to you?.
Luckily you are the first person who is an electronic technician who bought this device from me with the problem!
Though I like anime, I can't believe the above results.
Twilight-New Moon
the Jonas brothers and Taylor Swift.
My birthday is november 23th.
because it is full of difficulties, pressure and unknowns.
I always come across some trouble,
We ordered five servings of pork belly.
Although we just ordered five servings, it seemed like too much.
School just started one week ago, so I decided to insist on writing in my diary every weekend.
LMAO, two americans in the audience at that coffee shop were surprised when they saw sunnie and I going into one bathroom together and they were also surprised that we were holding hands all the time-they thought we were lesbians!
It was a 1st model when VISTA was launched by Windows.
or to hear radio and TV news for various countries.
I'm looking forward to it.
Tomorrow morning, I will go to a language company for interview.
Have you ever eaten spaghetti with salted pollack roe?
having a child, our jobs and anything we concern.
He was cool as always.
I can't wait for his come back from prison.
I think that celeblities obviously shoud n't have them.
I.'s public estimation because I didn't read articles about him. I want to know his recent news.
It is interesting and fun.
I don't know what to do now...
It is continuing hardship everyday.
Monday is coming to me.
Could you please explain the difference between cartoons and comics?
As I expected, grandma, ma and pa-all of them welcomed me.
I caught a flu last year.
When I came into the party place, I found many people were wearing really gorgeous and brilliant costumes.
We drank until 3am, as usual.
When my host family goes on a trip, they start barking even at night!
TV showed people who live around the nuclear powerhouse in Fukushima that were allowed to get back their home for only for 2 hours.
I would like to say something about my little brother.
Can you help me?
Ah, is this daily good study for me?
Taking care of their children and being a part of their family is my role and job.
my hometown
is Langzhong in Sichuan province, which is a very beautiful, ancient city.
I'm plannig to go back Kyoto to attend my friend's wedding ceremony and prepare my own ceremony which will be held on May 29th.
And I also have to go to my university, to tell my professor that I will be getting married.
My backup data was on an external HDD connected with a USB.
Today I tried to figure out some math problems I learned how to solve in elementary school, but I couldn't!
Yesterday, I drank with my boss and clients.
I know it's a stupid thing for American people.
Now I feel so lonely.
People call it a ``cleaning robot``.
I boiled water at 500cc and added chicken stock tablespoon 1. 5 and a proper amount of salt.
Then, I boiled somen of two serving for 2 minutes and stirred sometimes.
I boiled the soup again and after the soup boiled I stopped the fire and displayed it on a plate.
By the way, I saw my friend in the library, so I said hi to him.
I will be fliying against time,
I am working as a waitress now, so I have a question
One more good point about this centre is that its free.
If I correct somebody's entries, I can get 'stars' in Lang8.
And leave your comments.
The other day, I bought the book ``Macbeth`` by Shakespeare.
I want the help of everyone whose English is good!
We businessman must be careful.
The first picture I uploaded is that.
I'll be fortunate to have a good family and a work worth doing.
I am satisfied with my purchases, and I wear the pk t-shirt very often.
For the following reasons, I disagree with the statement that the companies are allowed to do anything to boost their profit.
In the worst cases, some employees become depressed and kill themselves.
A boy student who was doing badly in school leaves behind a high ranking high school in Tokyo moving to Himi to lean on his relatives. He comes across a girl student named Nagisa Ichinose.
I happiest when I'm with my friends.
It looked like they will stay in Kyoto, so I told them about Nijo Castle, Gosho, Kiyomizu Temple and so on.
So I started this morning by taking a sample of my daughter's pee.
I am Nao, a japanese person who is staying in India to study.
I imagined when I was in Japan that I would be able to speak fluent English automatically if I came to India.
The other was 07: 40 AM, but I don't remember hearding any sound, just when I suddenly woke up and checked the time-08: 40AM.
It was called ``Sony timer``, because they were broken after the warranty period.
What do you think about Sony products?
``You can say that again``
``You couldn't have said it better``
Tha's easy, so I'm gonna write about my first concern which is ``earthquake``
It has caused devastating ``damages`` such as ``Tsunami`` and crippled ``nuclear power``
They asked me, ``How often did you experienced an earthquake?``, ``What did you feel then?``
We should reconsider how we live with animals.
But after a while, some of them are tired of raising their pet and worst case, they abandon them.
The fact that animals are often used in experiments before products like medicines, cosmetics and foods come out on the market is unknown to most Japanese people.
I ate lunch with my grandmother today because my parents went to a grave of my father's ancestors, and they were going to lunch with my father's brothers 'families.
I ate too many cakes or sweets and I forgot to exercise.
I may be succesful if I keep on diet for a while.
To make a story you have to read a lot of books and practice writing.
There is one of the most famous shrines in Yamagata prefecture.
In the weekend, Taiwan have a typhoon come, We get a holiday on
danger, so our govermment proclaimed that we can have a holiday.
My daughters, husband, and I enjoyed having him over.
admiration, happiness, aesthetic pleasure.
He also liked soju (popular Korean alcoholic drink).
I studied English yesterday.
First of all, I study vocabulary because I am a beginner.
I want to be able to read English newspapers.
The girl called Nastya appointed an interview today at 4 p. m., but after coming there I found out that the interview will be tomorrow because of their technical problems.
So, some children and their mothers came to have lunch there.
My former tutor who lives in Toronto just emailed me.
I took part in the drinking party.
I was selected as the person and got the award!
In the last scene the bat fell into disfavorwith both groups, because he tried to trick them.
4. Memorize English sentences on www. idealen. cn.
But today, I wanted my hair designer to cut my hair shoter than now:p I hesitated to say please cut my hair shoter.
I really want to move to California although it's nearly impossible that will happen.
However, in most cases, I ignore that issue and hope it is just because of temporary stress or just a minor thing with hypochondria.
I think many people in modern life have the same experience as me.
On the other hand, we worry about our health and think we need a check-up for prevent serious diseases.
I saw them throwing their cigarettes on the road!!
When I walked behind them, I had to inhale the secondhand smoke which contains much more chemical poisons than the smoke they directly inhale!!
I started thinking that nobody is going correct my posts.
Maybe I should make more mistakes?
And I felt positive feelings and warmness about the Hawaiian people.
Regarding Hawaii, it's really warm but not humid there.
I went from Tokyo to Shizuoka by Shinkansen.
Japan's recession is very serious.
These days, TV, newspapers and radio broadcasts tell us that the climate of the earth changes day by day. They also tell us that humanity will face global warming.
Unfortunately, I don't like to play football, when it's 35* C:(
One-day travel/ trip
Anyway, what I can do is practice, practice, and practice.
Once I have& nbsp; graduated from university, everything& nbsp; will change.
Today, I met my friend and we went to an exhibition in a bath house.
``Clarify`` is a very useful and common word in daily life.
I am clarified on what you said. (good sentence)
I'm trying to clarify what the difference is between them.
My short-tempered boyfriend
So I wanted to work it out, but when I talked to him about what I've been thinking about the other day, I couldn't help but to cry. What he gave me was not a big sweet hug saying sorry, he gave me an annoyed look because I started crying.
I've decided to dilute my passion for everything British with American literature.
I don't know American literature (as/ that) well, so I would appreciate it if you could recommend me some of your favorite American novels.
I should've gone to school: <
career choice
and I have to sign in, in one of two careers that are vacant in two different places.
and the other is data processing and is something that I'm remotely interested in.
But what I really want to study is language but that is a career that you can only study in another state but I don't have the money to afford to live there.
According to this movie, his harmony sounds quite eccentric, he hit a lot
On top of how different his music is, his appearance and behavior is also strange.
His son, Kyle Eastwood, is active as a professional jazz bassist.
Also she was awarded for her excellent discipline and punctuality.
The restaurant was very clean, the food was delicious and also they played Chinese music in the background, a very nice place.
Every three days I change the water.
I hate oneof the supervisors because he always says ``no`` when I ask for something.
Other students also dislike him because he is very strict and he always says ``no`` when other students also ask something.
Today, all my classes were cancelled so I had much more time.
It is a fascinating and attractive place.
I found a bag of ramen, but I did not want to eat it at that time although I often eat ramen late at night.
I want to play with strong people and get stronger and stronger ^-^
A guide said ``I don't know that reason,`` and I didn't change my I-phone.
we played beginner and medium courses.
There are very nice and fashionable restaurants in Sydney.
The number on the display began with + 1 and I easily could guess who was calling.
and who told me that he's been catching a cold,
I live in a house where many foreigners stay, but I don't talk with them often.
Its introduction said if you could be young again, how would you use your chance and not waste your time.
Some countries would rebuke that country throughout the media and demand for an apology for the incident, not a war.
At last, I probably should close the window.....
I hope I make improvements in my English before I get a part time job.
I booked the B& B for 3 weeks until Dec 9.
Over the past couple years, almost all of my friends got married, and some of them bought their house and had babies.
I heard that in some European countries, the number of non-married couples are increasing. Of course, there might be other system instead of the old marriage system for life guarantee.
Letter (Aki Angela)
In the midst of this pain, I live the present.
If you continue asking what and where you should be going,
Today, I made friends with some students on facebook.
Because I like pokemon so much, I wanted some English pokemon games since I was in Japan.
so all my plans for this weekend failed.
It was an ad for a teaching job in Makati City, Philippines, and I received an e-mail from the school president.
Although I am afraid of going there, I thought that this is a rare opportunity for me so I'd better go! I decided to go to the Philippines.
I'd like to make friends with people from all over the world through this site.
I am very happy because I passed an exam and will get my first job.
Yesterday, I received my (employee) bonus.
My company paid it to the employees, half based on the monthly salary, and the other half based on the results of what they did.
Sources say that the number of people traveling abroad will be increasing this summer because of the strong yen and gradual recovery from the recession.
But I cannot believe it.
It was a wonderful experience to enjoy food with not only the taste but also the sense of touch.
He called me in March to notify me about a job interview, but I had a another job interview on the same day.
It's highly important as to which book I bring.
Yesterday, I read an article about the Human Resources department in a certain company.
In my case, since I'm an elementary school teacher, the government adopt new teachers, we basically train by ourselves, principals decide which grade we would be in charge of, and we have to cope with all of the problems and complaints.
At first, I thought it was just a simple place to learn languages, but when I logged in, I found it's a very interesting place ~ ~ ~
The throat syrup is called ``Stop-cough syrup``.
My hobby is playing the piano.
Recently, I wrote an original song and played it.
If there are pleasurable things day, my song is up tempo and pop.
I didn't buy it from a foreign manufacturer.
I worried about it.
Many of my friends are going back their countries in Decmeber.
Today, I took the entrance examination.
Women figure skating
I will watch the Japanese skaters and Kim Yu-Na parts on TV.
There are three skaters from Japan-Mao Asada, Miki Ando, and Akiko Suzuki.
In Japan, people are expecting Mao Asada to win.
This cafe don't serve the shoulder massage and huart (huart?) mark ketchup on Omrice. (Yummy!)
It's very reasonable in Japan.
I don't want the service like the Maid cafe in Akihabara,
so I'm satisfied with this cafe.
I want to give service for the girls more than to get their service.
That's is more important than optional services.
I am trying to ride my bike everyday.
His name is scott
However, I could feel that he was kind because of his passion for studying japanese and his eagerness to talk to us.
Summer is coming little by little.
I'll try to do my best in grammar, spelling and punctuation in my journal.
What is your occupation?
Have you employed au pairs before?
bacause today is our five month anniversary
but I can understand him.
he seems to be nervous....
I believe that he can pass the test.
I have to study grammar.
I have to listen to English conversation, something like that.
I should take it easy, and I should take every opportunity to talk in English.
I'm not skilled at computers.
At last, when it settled on the wall, I caught it.
I just wrote 5000 words so far even though I have to write more than 32000 words!
Thanks to everybody answering on this ^_ ^
On second thoughts, I want to post non-japanese songs after all!
I signed up to Lang-8 when I was in Japan but I haven't written any entries here because of my laziness...
I practice some tricks.
Recently, I became crazy about ``hannah montana``!
I am cheeringfor all theathleates of the world.
Recently he scratched his cheek.
We will be watching the movie 'Avatar'.
Controlling an avatar that's something you're not but represents you seems awesome.
Appearance is considered an important factor in building relationships with others.
Of course, I want to be rich, but if I were rich, I wouldn't feel like living a simple life.
Him: I have to go now.
I watched the movie named ``Ponyo on the Cliff by the sea``.
I like fashion!
By the way, I like fashion.
The members and I have practiced very hard for that show.
As a result, it was successful.
When somebody who eats my cooking says ``delicious!`` and smiles, It makes me happy.
The letter was from someone I'm kind of interested in.
I will write a reply someday.
How do you talk to a person you're kind of interested in?
That means we have to dispense one prescription every 3 minutes.
Hello to everyone.
And I sometimes watch TV.
Companies such as SONY have a lot of personal informationand responsibility to protect it from hackers.
But hacking technology is improving day by day.
But providing our personal data means that we should take the risks of our data being leaked.
Customers are afraid of their data being leaked, but they want to enjoy the convinience of online services.
This is too complicated...
Especially, I want to write in English.
Please send me a message.
Now, I'm learning about Gary Snyder.
I was looking forward to joining this site for a long time.
Please correct my diary.
Good morning!
Luckily, my cousin who lives in Orange county called me
ahahahahahaha! I bought a notebook and many colorful pencils!!!
Did you know, a few months ago, the Chinese government forbade the custom of wearing pajamas on the streets?
I was a shopaholic in the past, but I am not interested in shopping any more.
It's unbelievable.
I am so afraid I'll lose my mind because of him.
It had been rainy these day, so we can wash clothes and dry these clothes outside today.
fantastic scenery.
It is about our regional press in 1905 when the first Russian revolution begun.
A news interpreter explained those reports like the issue of the rare earth, the Myanmarse military regime, the conference system regarding the matter of child abuse, why India has developed now, the war between the Mexican government versus some drag cartels.
Before the opening, they asked the Japanese self-defense Air Force to peform something interesting.
He said that they should take the animals in the zoo into consideration.
As you know, we Japanese are struggling with a large government deficit.
Considering the amount of deficit, we should privatize this peformance team as soon as possible.
After I watched ``Sister's Act 2``, I really wanted to listen to Lauryn Hill's album.
Both of them are Americans.
She will join all kinds of activities such as English discussion group, go to meditation, running, perform yoga and so on.
Before she started her IMBA program, we often hung out together.
I can tell she doesn't appreciate some Taiwanese culture.
Also, She has a strong personality and sometimes I feel stressed when I'm with her.
Tonight was fun for me.
Our conversation was in English since I need to practice the coming interview.
I don't like Hollywood movies either.
People can prevent some avoidable tragedies or create a more enlightened society through learning wisdom from our intellectual ancestors, which is recorded in history.
I miss the beautiful sunshine.
We played together, laughed...
Of course, sometimes we quarreled, but then apologized.
It is famous for monkeys and onsen (hot springs).
The next day, we went to Nikko edo mura-an amusement park which looks totally like an Edo period Tokyo town.
It's very delicious and having conversation with them is very fun.
I reaally need help from someone.
Specifying my language goal.
I recognize that time heals everything.
a SKY) committed suicide.
He was the younger brother of famous actress Choi Jin Sil who commited suicide 2 years ago.
Before talking about this, we must know about his sister.
She finally committed suicide, but the reason was never known.
Finally, he committed suicide yesterday.
My friend recommended this website to me, because it is an excellent place where I can freely exchange experiences with people from all over the world in different languages. And I found the atmosphere here is friendly.
I can't understand why it costs over a 1000 dollars to pull out a wisdom tooth if I don't have health insurance.
cloudy day
Yesterday it was raning heavily.
But today it isn't raning, just cloudy.
Mokpo is a harbor city in Korea ~
but, we do millitary service.
Yesterday was the 63th anniversary of the dropping of nuclear weapons by (1)
So we have a responsibility to decrease them ``
Is it my fault to lose my interest in that? (3)
Some foreigners will think that what I said is a common idea in Japan.
Japan's national team is strong now.
We enjoyed visiting Kamakura.
I have read a book which entitled Congo Journey
I live in Saitama, where is located next to Tokyo, and I saw a lot of people kept coming to the station and they found all of the trains were canceled, so they started walking to their own home.
I hope everything will be better tomorrow.
I'll revive my hometown and hope to live here with my favorite landscape of the sea again.
It is easy for an outsider to cheer local people up and criticize the Japanese government, but people who are the most seriously and deeply thinking about revival are the local people.
One of the most important things they want us to do, I think, is to start preparing for the next disaster.
My father likes to eat Japanese food named ``Na bean`` every day.
If your vocabulry and grammar are not good, you cannot catch what they said.
this is the first day I come here, I want to improve my English here, at the same time, I also want to learn Japanese.
I know all of you are kind hearted boys and girls, and you all have good language intelligence, I need your help, and also, we can be friends.
There was no sun but, only constant snow and rain.
If I choose only 1 from them, it means I abandon the others.
Nowadays I think a lot of electrical appliance shops have machines to make bread at home: this way you can save money (is it sure?) and time because you don't have to go to a baker's after work, or if you forgot to buy some bread, this machine can solve these little problems.
It seems like a useful electrical appliance and one of my flatmates is thinking of buying it but I'm not a fan of it yet!
In addition, most people study English in high school.
I can't write in English.
I realized that rather small rivers in America which run through cities are covered with cement, like a snowboard halfpipe. (* see below)
I have been using English more and more on business in recent days.
My favourite song.
Hello, my wonderful friends tonight I will practice my favourite song.
I cant 'read some of the sentence as it is so difficult.
If I go to a pub, I want to drink Lemonade.
In the next class, I will teach a lesson, so, I have to prepare a lesson plan.
The first, ni2, is generally used with colleagues of one's age, younger people, close friends or acquaintances.
I'm going to write a lot of things in this SNS. For example movies, books, my daily life and so on...
This book is about the globalized world and it was written by a journalist who has won the Pulitzer Prize three times.
Autumn is my favorite season!
Japan has 4 seasons, spring, summer, autumn and winter.
My favorite season is autumn.
Then we can taste autumn speciality crops, pear, grape and chestnuts, (The word ``marron`` is more popular.)
And it will be rainy tonight.
I taught them how to play!
Today, I had a health check at my school.
Nothing was wrong with me.
You can cook it by simply pouring water into a cup with some powdered flavor and putting it into a microwave for five minutes.
Computer graphics is very difficult work, so I often search for hints to solve problems on the internet.
I think I should change my attitude.
Because I have no opportunity to communicate with them before.
This is called ``white night`` and people go to bed very late too during this time.
Next year I will go to Canada or New Zealand as a WWOOF.
I felt so miserable, so I thought I would write about it here and get some input!
It's a big event for every Chinese university, as well as primary school, middle school, and high school.
After the speech, every college in our university was required to present a creative show in one minute to show its different style and features.
During these performances, the applause was enough to bring down the house.
But choosing presents is interesting I guess.
This is my first time to post something about myself here.
There are matreshka (exclusive and usual kinds), different things made from elm, from clay, also many kinds of jewelry made from stones, dolls, stuffed animals, wooden furniture and big wooden figures, textile, clothes and so on.
It's a muslim program I have never seen, maybe because it's on in the early morning or because I watch TV very rarely..
But, on the other hand, care assistants for elderly people is lacking in Japan, so the government is planning to accept workers from Indonesia.
It happened when she wasn't with my friend.
For instant, the famous physicist Einstein, changed our traditional view of the world.
Parents in China attach a lot of importance to scores and rankings.
The baggage delivered was a black chair, two tennis rackets, a big shelf, bedclothes and so on.
According to my inquiry, my baggage was delivered to another place because of a mistake by the staff.
I saw Ugly Betty who is a very adorable character in the drama.
Omelet is made with carrots, beef, onions, pepper and salt.
Recently, I've been trying to be calm by changing the way I think and my attitude about everything.
And it makes me to be slightly nicer to other people too.
Meeting with Alcohol
Big surprise, news have just arrived.
After asking me many questions about my courses, my internship experience, career planning and some other professional questions, she let me read three emails and tell her the main content of them.
I read many emails like this last year during my internship.
I asked her to tell me more details about the position.
After that, I knew the duty of that position is to deal with many trifling routine things, nothing special.
She told me more things would be discussed in the second interview.
So just forget it.
I'm very glad to join you all.
My mom, dad, elder sister, her husband, her child, my elder brother and his wife.
I'm looking forward for you to point out my errors.
Lucy's characterimpressed me more than others.
Today, 12. 5, is the anniversary of the Wenchuan earthquake.
tragedy.
Costing hundreds and thousands of lives, the disaster has broken
hometown, we should also try very hard to help the people to
Today, I attended English class from 8 to 10pm.
Usually, the class lasts from an hour to an hour and a half long.
Therefore, I am making a resolution to live abroad.
Actually this one is a 'mobile laptop' so it's smaller and lighter than the old one.
By the way, we're in a summer break here, and I'm planning to go to beaches, museums, travelling, watching fireworks, etc...
I agree with the author's opinion that in Japan, children cannot leave their parents house because their parents wish their children would depend on them; though their parents are complaining about such situations.
When parents live with their own father and mother, they can ask their father and mother how to raise their children to be independence.
I think that those are the reasons that Japanese parents wish that their children would depend on them.
A few days ago, it snowed around my house.
Today is Christmas.
I met people of various agethrough myvolunteer work, part-time and practical training.
Oh ~ Today is also a hot day.
Right now the temperature in Fukui is 10ish degrees Celsius.
We remained for extra inings because the Giants will win.
We thought it was possible for the giants to win, but the game was so exiciting and the next one will be a win.
I went to the dental clinic to pull out my wisdom tooth.
If you are interested in it, please read my journal named ``Describing a picture ~``) She has a really tiny waist, however, she doesn't have slim legs lol!
She looks like a doll, because I cannot think of a human that has such a tiny waist> <.
Today, We smile, cry, shop, and lost something on this ground zero and bombed area.
Of course, We have respect for the dead.
She Succeeded.
It was a vicious cycle.
Today, she put out an unbelievably big poop!!
I graduated (graduated) Chuo Uni.
I like soccer, drinking part (parties), and talking.
As electricity has been cut off because of the earthquake, I cannot cook and eat food which is sold at a convenience store.
The best one is baked salmon rice ball and the second best one is fried rice ball with various ingredients.
If you have a chance to come to Japan, why don't you try eating a rice ball?
According to the weather forecast, it will clear up and be sunny day.
Around 10 a. m. I will go to the City Museum to see the paintings,
Actually, I have been learning English for many years, but I am still not able to speak English fluently.
Maybe you are wondering which city in China I am from, so, I can tell you I am from Changzhou in Jiangsu province beside Shanghai.
I've been so addicted to quotes these days since one of my Australian friends showed me some funny quotes and love quotes several months ago.
I recommend you Nagashima Spaland!
Then, the weather forecast says that a small typhoon is likely to approach here!
I don't want to buy one from a Chinese reseller on the Internet.
My dog expresses his desire to go outside by scratching the door and staring at my father's face with expectation.
My dog's most hated word is ``shampoo.`` Last time I visited my parent's house, I asked him ``Can I wash you with shampoo?`` My dog dashed to the door, opened it very quickly, and run away.
People living in Osaka eat ``Okonomiyaki`` with rice.
It tasted like strawberries.
There will a high school entrance ceremony for my younger son tomorrow.
The nuclear powerplant in Fukushima was highly affected by the big tsunamis so we must save electricity.
Instead of starting the summertime, my company will stop using half of our building's elevators to help save electricity and cooperate with the government in improving our economy.
I look up to him even though he is younger than I by three years.
He told me the reason why many Japanese people have no hope for their future even if they have a lot of money and their lifestyle is better than any other country.
She likes English and so in the future, I may be taught English by my daughter.
My father was researcher of a geological survey.
I don't know among these questions.
He said it's yummy that's why I'm so happy.
He recommended that I should stop attending language school!!
but, for 2 months I went to 10th.???
Sometimes I have a Birthday Party.
I will have a chocolate cake and get gifts from my friends and family.
This is the first entry
By the way, she paid 170000 yen for the painting.
My friend always says that international love is difficult...
She is easily frightened, so as I expected, she started to cry as soon as she heard the sound of waves. (picture1)
Since we got free tickets for some amusement parks and botanical gardens, we went to some of them.
While there, we walked along a slope which surrounded a large aquarium that is cylindrical in shape.
We could see these fish right here, so I felt like as if I could touch them.
(sorry I wrote a dirty word)
My colleagues and I argued about the merchandise's selling place this morning.
Since my brain controls every part of my body, both physical and mental problems have happened, for example I have had headaches, chest pain, difficulty breathing, could not think very methodically, excessive depression and aggression.
Due to these symptoms appearing since elementally school, I could not go abroad.
At that time my parents and I did not know the cause of my ill-health until January 2011.
One day my mother took me to a psychiatrist, but to be honest I did not want to go there though.
Since I came here, I have been trying to understand what people are saying.
November is coming
November is coming already.
I experienced many things this year.
For example, I held meetings, practices, performed at many places, and planned events.
The rainy season is coming.
The key to breaking with the vicious circle is to change the fixed pattern of thinking once and for all.
I ordered seeds of a flower, solube YTT.
A white flower blooms on the first day,
a week light blue blooms on the next day,
Nakahara then realised that the lesson fee was much more expensive than he had first seen it on an advertisement.
The staff cheekily tried to give the half a year course which was 2000 Singapore dollars for him (I think it's super expensive).
Recently I challenged to be vegitallian because of diet and look shocking video which makes me think about various problem (I will skip the detail).
Fortunately we have vegetarian traditional recipes in Japan, and I am learning traditional Japanese food from a recipe book.
It will be sunny the day after tomorrow.
Learn English
Today, I had an interview at a Company but was not sucessful because I am bad at English.
In this book, there are hundreds of phrases.
Actually, I wanted to watch the 3D Disney movie, but the tickes were sold out.
Three adventurers go to the ancient world, and they meet a monkey-man.
I had expected there to be a lot of British people, but in reality, there were only a few groups of British and the others were mostly from Eastern Asia, especially Japanese.
My conclusion is that they have it in their home.
Thanks a lot =)))
I'll introduce Japan to you, and what you don't really know about it.
Hi, from today, I am going to introduce to you Japan.
Because of all the mountains, the area people can live in is very small.
He often says ``My students always talk about the weather.``
I think that Japanese people like to talk about weather topics.
It could be a good thing for a movie to be concise but I don't think it happens to Angels& Demons.
during the free days, I went at the museum, Zoo and went shopping with my husband.
I put an extension on my hair.
But the movie disappointed me
And tomorrow is not only the beginning of great heat, but also could observe solar eclipse.
Recently, I've made a habit of staying up late.
And I rode this bike.
I am a Japanese person learning English.
Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it.---Dali Salvador
Today, I thought about my dream and then I talked about it with my friend, Ran.
Because there was a bunch of great stuff over there that I have to tell you about, It's gonna be a long diary.
A couple of hours later, my mother had an idea to turn off the indoor lights and turn on the outdoor lights, after that the bird flew out of the window.
Our curriculum has to be finished before summer vacation, so students take classes on Sunday.
I could see books from China, Korea, Italy, Spain, Taiwan and so on.
They are an English book and a quilting book.
I had attended a quilt class for about 5 years and an oil painting class for about 10 years in Japan.
Last Sunday, there was blind person next to me on the subway platform.
The climate here always changes: it was typhoon (season?) only a few days ago and now is already a sunny day of over 35 degrees!
I have read a book called ``Letters from Vietnam``
My Sunday is made of sleeping, eating, having coffee and working.
He thought he might be able to climb up the thread to Paradise.
So, he grabbed it and started climbimg.
Up and up and up, it was a long way to go up to Paradise.
He saw the others also climbing after him.
So it was very interesting and exciting!
I work hard, and early every morning I practise my spoken English for an hour.
One Italian guy said that he doesn't like McDonalds at all. He also said that Italian McDonalds is different than American McDonalds.
He accepts Italian McDonalds but he has never tried American McDonalds because it's greasy food.
Then, one Korean guy said that Korean McDonalds has a kimchi hamburger.
Alumni reunion
In the end, I bought a red bag and some pretty clothes.
I understand it is still difficult for women, especially for old women, to express their honest feelings in Korea, since there is such a strong influence of Confucianism.
I don't have a car license yet, so I hoped I would get it.
But getting car license is quite hard for me
Because I am worried that I would slam into and crash with other cars.
Fortunately, that hasn't happened yet, and I hope it never will.
I went a Starbucks today again!
or maybe it was a soda?
We Japanese rarely buy a bottle of water or soda in Starbucks.
But as I was quite tired today, I didn't have the energy to do it. Instead, I am trying this.
Then there are pictures of Anpanman characters at July and August and December.
We don't understand how important the day is.
She is supposed to stay in Arlington in Massachusetts.
When I was prepared to pay up at the counter, I found the price very expensive, which surprised me.
I wish thatall the friend from the net who view my diary and findmistakes can give me corrections and adviseon the usage of language in the article, even if it's a typo.
He stayed at a youth hostel in London for one week and became friends with many tourists from all over the world such as, Holland, Australia, China, and Italy, by talking with them in English.
When I bought it, I was happy cause I no longer have to borrow my friend's bicycle.
It sounds like those who have tattoos are bad and unsuitable people.
``Tattoo`` sounds more fashionable and smaller in size.
(basically Whoever has a tattoo is rejected at public places like swimming pools, public baths and public Saunas here)
``Daddy Look at the big carp on his back!
I will watch the movie ``The Social Network`` this weekend.
Mongoliais Asian country.
I am a senior in high school and this is my last time so everyone play hard!!!:)
Whether it is running or jumping, everyone will do their best!!!
I am really proud of them and very happy to meet them in school.
``Oh, my little baby...
Please teach me how to concentrate on studying.> <
It's only 12: 26 and I already wanna go home!
The prom pictures should already be updated on the school site but they're not there yeeetttt grrrr
I wanna try the real full-cource French meal, or whatever it is that you call: S
I checked an otological website that said ``If you continue to have a cough, you should suspect allergies.`` I got the idea that the cause of my cough would be allergies, so I'm going to an otologicalist this afternoon.
Recently, I couldn't write a daily journal in English.
Tanzawa National park kanagawa prefecture.
I rode a go-cart.
So, I made my curriculum vitae, and I'm searching in Europe or Asia.
So, I cleaned my room.
T ``is challenge time.
Every morning swallows come to my balcony.
It is rainy today, but we have a pleasant day.
We have an indoor barbecue (I don't know whether it is called a barbecue or not.).
But I can feel good when I'm livigng (living) in my room from tomorrow.
My class is listening 2, grammar 3, conversation 3, reading& writing3 [the max level is 4 for everything]
I think that this rythme sounds good.
XD So, I have to overcome this psychological obstacle.......
Teaching them English would be a tough challenge for me because I would have to take full responsibility for their results on their high school entrance exams.
Even though the pay is the very low, I still accepted it without a second thought.
Just going to the library kept me happy when I was a child.
I'm going to be busy from tomorrow onwards.
The day for the Eiken English exam is coming.
I had almost forgotten that I needed to study for the exam till I received the card, but now I'm a little uneasy.
But I know my English skill is not enough, though I'll have to work hard for the 1 week that I still have before the test.
because my bag is in the room
thank you for writing.:(
Olive found a very cute stuffed animal in the shop and her mother bought it for her.
Although It has been more than 1 month since this new year started, I haven't even started yet!
I'm actually not good at grammar and reading more than speaking and listening.
Because I couldn't understand most of grammars, it made me sick to study English.
But the most important thing is to keep studying and enjoying English not for exam.
But, I will apply for a job with another company.
I am studying document's grammar, speech, writing and others...
First, I practiced speaking in english with videos.
Then, I wrote an essay.
I thought that iPad is more comfortable for her.
This have something to do when a woman becomes pregnant.
When ladies are 5 months pregnant, we have to go to the shrine for our babies blessings.
I have been studying English for a year in order to overtake a friend of mine, but she seems to have mastered a higher level of English than me.
He killed Peter's brother Nathan, and he was driven to become Nathan.
Finally, he felt so guity he imprisoned himself into a world within his own mind.
Finally, they freaked out and argued with each other, and Peter shouted at Sylar, blaming him for there being no way to get Nathan back.
The wall was destroyed by themselves.
The work of this committee is to organize an athletic day,
I try to give my effort to this committee activity!
My wife recommended me to this site.
It's going to be hard to control/ maintain a schedule of studying and hanging out with friends.
After carefully reviewing all the terms and conditions, Jessica finally decided to sign the contract.
During construction, the main lobby will not be accessible to employees except to executives.
This is my first article at lang-8, so I guess writing an introduction about me would (sounds more natural) be the best start.
Now I must buy it on the internet.
I am a Japanese lady enthusiastically studying English writing, reading, speaking, and listening.
The movie was very enjoyable.
I recommend you to have fun in your special style when you see colorful movies like Disney's.
I really like to take photo's because I can document my life easier.
I feel comfortable and peaceful when I take them.
Everybody agrees that the products of Japan are of higher quality.
This word ``Kaizen`` which means ``improvement`` has gotten very famous, and many factories/ manufactures are trying to do `Kaizen` to imitate Japanese quality all over the world.
Because I believe this natural Kaizen in Japanese production is strongly related with Japanese calture of ``Ki wo tukau``.
The culture of ``Ki wo tukau`` is everywhere in the world in social communication, but other countries do not implement this thing actively in their work.
This makes them follow ``Kaizen`` naturally.
``Sony timer`` is the timer which makes products malfunction when the warranty is expired.
Today's menu is Curry.
I drank some alcohol and ate yakitori at a yakitori restaurant in Shimokitazawa last night.
It had a strong taste and was a bit hard to bite, like jerky.
Within the next two months, I want to learn to drive a car. I think that would be a very interesting thing to do!
First, please allow me to introduce myself.
My hobbies are watching sports, especially Formula One, playing tennis, and watching movies.
December 31st.
Honestly, I don't like to study foreign languages. Especially English.
Of course, I knew we have no choice but to learn foreign languages, because we are in the age of globalization
I appreciate those members who correct my diaries.
I had to eat the dish they ordered cuz the food they like to eat r the same:)
It seems not to be asleep.
In regards to sleep, I looked up an interesting expression in a dictionary.
By sprinkling sand in children's eyes!!!
In the world there's nothing more valuable than people.
There are very heavy.:(
Although suffering from a snow disaster at the begining of the year and a terrible earthquake rocked the Sichuan province, the on-going Olympic Games inspired our passion to our people and country.
We all close our eyes before starting the game, but only thieves can raise their heads up, open their eyes and look at each other, which allows them to know who the thieves are.
Afterwards, we start to guess who the thieves are by making inferential statements like ``You must be a cop`` or ``You must be pretending.`` We discuss for 3 minutes, afterwhich we point at the persons who we think are thieves.
I played basketball with my friend in the park today.
My mother tongue languages are Cantonese and Mandarin.
I like to read books, newspapers and stories from the internet, where there are a lot of pages of information, entertainment and literature, but (I think) books are better than any other way of reading.
The book that I'm reading is named: ``Lestat the vampire``, and the plot is about a new vampire who wants to know the secret of his immortality and he enjoys the pleasures of the life.
Lestat is arrogant, and because of the secret, he toured many places; I like it a lot because of the way it is narrated, the history is another attractive element that I enjoyed too and also because Lestat is handsome (in the movie:D)
A lot of interesting TV shows are on the air in December.
My video, which is set with HD, is able to record TV programs for 22 hours.
I was so busy that I couldn't enjoy or finish watching my recorded programs. (T_ T).
North Korea signs forward as a goalkeeper in the world cup!
He talked about the environmental with a loud voice.
Sometimes a citizen would ask ``What are you really going to do?``
Toronto ranks second best place for living in the world.
Toronto is ranked second best place for living in the world.
Could me give me some examples?
However, it's somewhat difficult for me to learn because I must control both hands and legs individually.
I'm doing image rehearsal and practicing easy beats.
You can guess how embarrassed I was.
Or a golden driver?
Anyway, I remember a book I read when I was in junior high school.
It turned out that Jack the ripper was actually Sherlock Holmes himself, who was so strongly addicted that he had delusions.
Actually, I had an interview with TIM HORTONS.
I applied for a position and interviewed this Wednesday.
It's (very) amazing.
So I wonder if you could do me a favour of revise my poor level composition.
Today, I made sentences of dialogs for learning interrogative sentence.
So I wanted to get some student handbooks and exercise books.
Where are the good spots in Singapore?
Before feeling the effects, you may tremble a bit already.
That movie is produced by konica minolta, who is famous for camera, plinter etc.
so I haven't had enough sleep recently.
When I first saw thousands of Jizo at the Hase temple in Kamakura about 50 years ago (wow such a long time ago), I felt unpleasant.
good morning everybody!
last night my friend came to my house.
this morning I made her breakfast.
because she thought that I was able to cook (good)
the time I spent with her was enjoyable.
I want to (``wanna`` is slang) say that I am extremely bored.
It is a family comedy, and it is really funny!!
It was a very happy party, and her speech for her parents made a deep impression on me.
It is my first time to write on the Lang-8 website.
Fortunately Japanese people are allowed to drink outside, so of course we can also enjoy drinking under the Sakura trees
``Some things that a glacier might do when it retreat is instead of depositing till (scraped up soil) in the area, they might leave a big ice block. The ice block breaks off the glacier and as it melts it leaves a depression which can become a lake.``
When I listened to the song for the first time, about ten years ago, I was so impressed.
The song was featured during the next few months on a heavy rotation.
I experimented because I had no other plans today.
I wasted 2 months on dissertation period...
All I know is her english name (not her real name) and her major.
Since the midterm is worth 30% I don't think I can pass the class with a poor score on this midterm.
My mother was in a hospital for a week.
I wonder if my students like that.
From now on, I got to have snickers for a while.
These days, I submit some resumes and application forms to companies and graduate schools.
I like me as I am nowadays.
I want to try to write some my thoughts but sadly, I recently have read nothing.
Recently, I have not felt like studying any foreign language.
I found some interesting words about learning foreign languages in a book I read yesterday.
``Learning a language is like laving water by a bamboo basket.`` (it has many small holes), but if you keep learning patiently, you will got good at it. ``
I hope I will be able to easily understand English DVDs without subtitles in the future...
Do you have any birthday that you can't forget??
Well, I talked with some of my employees about the job description.
He want to know more about Thai food
so I need to prepare more??? about the food and practice cooking with my mum..
It is hard (?) for me to understand English in business conversations when speaking with him..
Well, I will do everything as best I can.
Including me, most of (the) Japanese is perhaps good at Listening and
The number of patients of influenza around the world is increasing everyday.
Thai people make a Krathong from a banana leaf and put flowers inside it. Then we put it in the river because we believe if we send our apologies down the river we will have good luck this year or something like that.
But today I will not tell you more about the Krathong festival.
His head hung from the bridge and his body floated in the river.
He is not Thai but from some other country, maybe Germany.
The police are investigating why he would kill himself or why someone would have killed him.
I am thinking about going to Vancouver for one or two days.
And my oral English can deal with some easy topics.
What's more, I am also starting to read the English novels such as ``The Red And The Black`` and so on.
From such novels, I can learn some original sentences and the useful structure of them.
Please correct any incorrect sentences that you find.
Since, then I've been a housewife for almost 4 years.
I registered lang8 today.
My purpose at lang8 is to learn English and make new friends, while learning about foreign cultures.
He said to the firefighter's wife ``He cannot move his muscle...
I slept after work because I was tired.
Pronunciation is impossible...
I'm not sure how to improve my English pronunciation.
Even though I'm using this website to improve my English pronunciation, in the following passage I've typed up, I always can't pronounce the same sounds properly.
banished = ``sh``
That's the reason why I don't know where I should put my tongue for each sound even if I hear native English speakers saying it.
As you know, everything is expensive in Japan but I found cheap clothes in a shop.
Yes, it was a really lucky day!!
Comfort foods are so warm and and familiar to me, especially Mom's cooking, it's a real blast from the past.
In the winter time, the weather here is always badbecause its wet, cold, and windly.
Opening my mailbox this morning, I found a refusal letter from Warwick University. It was the top choice among the five universities that I applied for, so it came at no surprise.
I did realize this from the very beginning, and actually, I didn't long for admition at all, did I?
However, when the result finally came, why was I so disappointed?
A cell-phone has many benefits.
First and foremost, average Japanese job applicants have studied English for around one year, but my visa was not working holiday, so I could go to a language school for only 3 months; it was not enough.
Some Japanese people also took part in the meeting, but most of them have been living in Singapore for a long time, and they can speak English very well.
Yesterday, I went to Akita-Ken by Super Express, because my job is near Iwate and Akita.
These have some beautiful illustrations.
These books are closely related because good light novels are animated frequently.
My older sister and I were talking in the hall.
So, there are a lot of events.
if you are interested in it or Japan, please comment.
Cooooooooooooooongratulations!!!!!!!:)
My Japanese friends, and European friends live in long distance places.
Our 5 members met in front of DangGoGae station.
It is too difficult to speak English.
I think it's a problem to read English books, articles, news and so on.
``The baby is cute (kawaii).`` is an example that is easy to understand, but the word is also used for the elderly as positive adjective.
at 900 am until 530pm...
I am going to apply for this position.
But I've only been studying English for 8 months, so my English is very terrible!
I've been playing the piano since I was 3 years old.
This is Sarah's daughter.
Tokyo has a many restaurants where you can eat a delicious lunch.
I'll tell you a restaurant I recommend in Shibuya.
It has very delicious gelatto and crepes.
Many people in my company says ``it's great!``
I am skeptical about this, because he appears to be busy.
The players explore the dungeon and return to the castle repeatedly.
I work at the Welfare Department.
The kitchen is always dirty because of the Taiwanese woman I live with.
She doesn't usually clean the kitchen after she's been cooking in the kitchen.
We always wash dishes and clean the kitchen.
But she doesn't clean the kitchen after using plates or the frying pan etc.
So the other flatmates began to grow impatient.
First, the only Japanese actor, ``Sanada``, who played the captain of the spaceship, died first and unnaturally.
Second, I saw a monster sneak into the spaceship and kill the crews in the latter half, but I don't get why the predecessor captain could survive to turn into a monster and kill the new crew.
The first half of the story was really overwhelming and the advent of the monster changed the taste of the whole movie, I thought.
then I had a lunch that consisted of INARI ZUSHI and mushroom salad.
I was not tired because I took a nap.
And my neck felt very good today.
It's SWALLOWTAIL BUTTERLFY.
However my friend who are going together said that a natural disasterstrikeseverywhere and whenever we can't expect.
Since I have the experience trapped in the elevater by blackout of thunder I am really nervous about these kind of things.
I want to break my language barrier, which has stopped me from making new friends from different countries.
Now I'm learning English-watching English films and tv programmes.
(Sorry for my grammatical mistakes:(-I speak and translate better than I write)
In china, the big birthday is a very important day in every chinese person's life
I have never seen heavy snows in my life, therefore I& nbsp; am a little excited.
I always have a little dream: I wanted to dress up as a monkey with a banana in my hand since October last year.
I'm not a nurse or a doctor, I'm working at the reception desk every day.
Some of you might know that if you go overseas or make a foreign friend, it's a good thing to have knowlede about your own country's tradition because some people are interested in Japanese culture.
It's a Japanese traditional food eaten on New Year's eve and it's said that this custom was made in the middle of the Edo era.
It relates to the reason we eat it on new year's eve. Next I want to talk about the reason we eat the year-crossing buckwheat noodle.
The second is the wish to cut off your troubles, and not carry them over to the new year.
According to a website, which conducted an internet survey to 1000 people, about 80 percent of people (in Japan?) eat the year-crossing buckwheat noodle.
She didn't notice a small wall behind her, so she bumped the car's rear-right side into the wall.
I will be nervous!!
Anyway I'll try to make my account now!!
Thanks for reading my concerns haha..
What is Christmas?
I don't like Christmas, and most Japanese are not Christian.
Why do they celebrate Christmas Day?
I think most Japanese young people are celebrating Christmas in order to have sex with their partners.
They should re-name Christmas day, ``Japanese sex day.``
Everybody in the world already knows that all Japanese people are perverted, they will not be surprised at all.
Stupid Japanese singers release Christmas songs in winter lol.
What do foreigners in Japan think about this stupid habit?
Japan is just a follower and dog of Western countries, we don't celebrate Chinese New Year at all.
Japanese should stop this repulsive event unless they properly understand the meaning of Christmas.
You know what, tonight, every couple is having sex in every sex hotel like monkeys lol.
Are They Different?
That makes me frustrated...
I would like to tell my thoughts fluently and not so stressful in English someday.
I heard it would be warm today, so I left home in a long coat.
It's extremely surprising!
Graduating university, I worked as a chemist in Japan for a couple of years, but quit the job to study English.
After that, I became obsessed with English because I met a lot of people who come from various countries and learnt different cultures, history, food, ways of thinking.
Is that a natural response?
Since the earthquake occured and nuclear power plant halted, The Tokyo Electric Power Company, Inc has conducted scheduled power stoppage.
Neon lights are turned off in the streets.
My roommate told me that the pizzaria is the nearest washroom place.
I went to the washroom
But I hope this will make the Japanese national game develop.
In my opinion, We have to face a lot of pressure from any part of our lives.
Such as the challenge from our education as well as the high expectations from our parents. They are all on sky levels leaving me a sense of anxiety.
The more anxious I get from the pressure, the more hard conditions we will absorb in.
There is no way for me to escape.
(If I had known the water in a pool was actually shoulder-high, I would have tried three years ago.)
Anyway, I decided to try swimming and now is my favorite exercise.
That woman that jostled with him looked at my face and suddenly said ooh yeah!
Oopppsss!!!
because, this is my first visit this website, and it is a little bit different than a korean website..
Her 2-year-old son goes to a nursery 4 days a week.
I won't climb up the mountain but I will go hiking in the grassland.
I'm looking forward to walking on the grassland.
I created my account on lang-8
Why Financial Disparity Can Affect Friendship?
Nowadays there is an argument about financial disparity and whether it will or will not affect friendship.
Such as life style, life condition and personality.
``If you don't think of something useful, nor do something useful, you will not be able to develop yourself.``
Everyday, I test products or study something. I think it's useful, sometimes. I chat with my friends as well.
The reason why I am interested in trade is because I believe that trade helps developing countries and poor people.
I could not tell anyone and I was afraid my parents would worry about me or my friends would make fun of me.
We usually go to shopping for sightseeing on weekend.
Here in Wakayama, we can't live without a car, because the fee of public transportation is expensive.
Is the sentence above grammatically correct?
There are special New Year's meals, decorations (both interior and exterior), visits to a shrine, visits to family members and relative's houses, special games, and so on.
I hope to improve my English more so that my English will no longer be an obstacle to talking with others.
Today is Christmas,
Shoppers use their own bags instead of getting plastic ones.
They get interested in EV cars, solar panels, and CO2 free stuff.
However, when it comes to buying foods such as fruits, vegetables, and whatever, you bet that they tend to choose fresh ones.
If we consider the eco-friendly options, we should check the date on the package and choose the older stuff.
Because the older ones keep aging until they are abondoned if people choose only fresh ones.
Hello, everyone
I'm a little drunk, so I'm worried if I can do my work normally tomorrow.
I went to Woodstock tonight.
It was nice to be there tonight in a familiar atmosphere.
So, I do the same way and it tastes delicious!!
But my first instinct is that I shoud still keep on going in my art career.
But a few days ago, his complaints of 4 years ago were reported with the title, 'Jay for Defaming Korea.'
He just grumbled about his tough situation in harsh language that is usually used by many teenagers, but many Koreans are that he deceived us.
The book store near my house went on bargain sale up to 50%.
He told us the pronunciation is very important in the learning process, but he also said we needn't worry about poor grammar because pretty much nobody will care about it when you are chatting in everyday fashion, except for when under a formal situation.
The first time this happened I felt so sad I couldn't say any words about that, and I was frightened by this action.
Maybe I get angry but I don't want be weak.
Hope my English have big progress ~ ~
There was a person who knew me from before (when?) and she called me while I was studying and asked me to be an assistant professor for her English center.
I will take this opportunity!
Maybe if sometimes, at least once a year, the monsters from our nightmares would give us gifts. Even if they were modest but pleasant.
Maybe it's because I worked 8 nights)
And flowers are blossoming.
If I cannot keep watching them regularly, it cannot help improve my English, so I watch them the way I described.
I notice that my vocabulary expands by reading Englsih subtitles.
So I am really looking forward to these events ^ ^
I'm going to meet Mickey mouse and Minney mouse.
Why can some people commit suicide in order to follow a famous actor or actress whose character they cannot truly and wholly understand since they can only meet them through the TV?
Even though I like singing, everyone around me hates to hear it.
If you find something wrong in my diary, please correct it.
I always think the river is like the Ganges River in India.
I am so happy but then, he is a Japanese.
``A cracked pot and a holeless lid`` in Japanese means ``Even if we have some faults, we can compensate for each other.`` I like this kind of idea.
Priority seats are for elderly people, expectant mothers and disabled people (people with impediments), but most people who use it are not any of these types of people.
Most of the time, it is used by young people and healthy people who don't need to sit there.
And if a weak person gets on the train, sitting people don't offer their seat, therefore they ignore weak and elderly people.
They don't need it, but elderly people want to sit there!
For this reason, I went to the photo studio to have my photo taken, which is needed for the/ my student ID.
There must be a/ some reason why Internet shopping has developed as it has.
In conclusion, after all, what is important for us to utilize Internet shopping is an adjustment when a certain problem has occurred.
* Increase the ability of concentration.
Yesterday, I bought a restaurant guide book ``Michelin Tokyo``.
I don't have beautiful clothes, a wonderful car or a gorgeous girl friend..
I am a graduate student learning English education in primary school.
Especially I am interested in cooperative learning in the English Education field.
My future dream is to become a teacher in primary school and to be a researcher someday.
When I rode my motorbike on narrow road, suddenly a girl crossed the road in front of me.
I braked hard immediately.
I am looking forward to meeting someone:)
I am a Chinese student and I live in the Anhui province. I study at Xuancheng Vocanical (Vocational?) and Technical College. I love English very much.
I watched a movie at the cinema with my friends.
My daughter will go to Universal Studios Japan with her school on the second week in May.
She dreamed about the amusement park almost every day.
When we got out the attractions, I found that my umbrella was stolen.
My next English speech is about that.
Center entrance examination for university
It rates as one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.
Thrilling, exciting and shocking!!!
So I really appreciate my host mother.
I know that there are many people in the world, and that they have many different personalities.
Sometimes it amazes me when we can understand each other.
I'm really busy now.
However the foreign countries may be not comfortable for your research, you will be able to see Japan from different point of view. ``I agree with his opinion. I think the thing missing from Japan is a sense of crisis.
Although the number of people who eat whales has been decreasing in Japan, some people who lives in the specific areas still hunt whales to make living.
Admittedly we are surrounded by a lot of scintillating gadgets such as video games, personal computers and whatnot.
Though visitors cannot copy anything in IE, I can copy everything in firefox by an extension.
There are some people suggesting to encourage and praise students when they meet difficulty while some other people choose to blame them and sneer at them.
I wish everyone would be friendly and love others, just as you expect to receive encouragement from others.
It was hot and spicy!
Of course, sightseeing and food or even traditional events and so on are probably within my knowledge..
But, I'm thinking that I'll need to get enough rest so that I can prepare for the next challenge..
Right now, I don't know what the future holds or what is in store but at the least I want to fulfill my tasks until the due date.
Hi my nickname is Ryuki.
Thank you.
I wanted to run the air-conditioner because I wanted to be cooled off.
but it will become more difficult to have time to learn than when we were students.
I think that the student who recognizes the importance of their privilege can
make use of their college life for sure.
When I rode an elevator, I noticed that the elevator car had no door close button.
For instance, I knew ``legislation``, ``archeologist``, but I didn't know
It was simple enough to do.
I can't help trying other combinations
The opening sound is really familiar
I am eager to go to a theater and watch it.
(How could a handsome boy grow up to an ugly man?)
However I noticed him in the trailer (maybe, full CG?).
It is difficult, there are a lot of new words, I can hardly understand It
Also I was very impressed by other student's topics such as Discrimination.
others confidently!!
The Colossal Squid's eye is as large as Soccer ball.
Recently I gained a little weight.
Please give me advice!
I've never been to the mainland of the States but I've been to Hawaii over twenty years ago.
That's why you can find many signboards, menu of restaurants and so on which are written in Japanese language and many locals speak Japanese.
Before today, I never tried to write a diary in English on my Blogger.
I didn't have a way to find my mistakes and use correct sentences with this method.
I think it is not good for? to make international relations.
To make a good relationship is so hard.
After 1 cup of coffee I was alive.
At this point I have almost forgot it all.
The breads which is piping hot, fresh from the oven is delicious.
I got pickpocketed
A man bumped into me and walked away without saying anything.
The pickpocket fell over and he was caught by several other people at the cafe.
It was mostly cloudy in Palau, because it was still the rainy season, but UV was really strong!
Because we made our way on the bus, we were late.
The trouble is that I am not sure about grammar, especially whether the verb tense and the form of words are correct.
Marugame Seimen is a Japanese udon restaurant.
Work was very hard because there were twice as many customers as usual,. I think it was because of summer vacation.
We're going to study ``Reaganomics`` next time.
So I have a lot of trouble now.
I found that the pronunciation is different from English.
And I like to talk with foreigners in English.
This morning, I woke up because of thunder sounds.
A street was flooded and I was caught in a traffic jam.
Anyway this weather was crazy for a few days.
The weather forecaster says tomorrow and the day after tomorrow will be a thunderstorm.
It reminds me of when I made it in Australia.
They are Japanese and German.
When I have French toast, I think of them.
Hi every one!
I have moved to a new apartment and I've got a personal room.
Because when I wanna do anything I don't need to worry about my family.
I want to develop my English skills!
Thank you every one.
Everyone of Korea has important four obligations.
Its main star is Whoopi Goldberg.
Every Sunday, I watch it on DVD and I repeat Whoopi's phrases to practice English,
Incidentally, the opposing team was much better than ours.
I couldn't believe my ears. It sucked.
My apartment has one bedroom, a spacious kitchen, a bathroom and a nice balcony.
I got a list of personal dates, and had a shock because most of them are from famous universities.
So check my sentence, please.
It was very difficult to search for a job because the economy in Japan is very bad right now.
And you are very good at drawing pictures.
I remember clearly my memory in Melbourne.
Today I read a lot of journals and realized it's actually all about practicing English.
I couldn't fall asleep recently,
We will have not enough time to take care of our baby either.
Although I want to play, I'm fed up with this unenjoyable lifestyle.
We bought a Christmas tree and accessories for it.
Honestly, it truly works.
I am currently studying English at SDA.
I drove to an umbrella shop, got my kids 'umbrellas that had been repaired, and requested to have another umbrella repaired.
Please help me with my English! I would really appreciate it. Maybe I can even help you with your Chinese.
As we grow up, we come to beware of consistency and not telling lies. If we don't care about those things, it would have a bad impact on not only the people we talk to but also ourselves.
What goes around comes around.
I had an opportunity to go to Australia to study English for a few weeks when I was high school student.
I: There's a vacancy in my heart.
Why you don't just fill the fucking vacancy?
The reason why I can't fill the vacancy is because I am a coward.
Why don't we just keep silence and time might fill the vacancy when it passes it.
Time might fill it with what?
Tomorrow, I want to come home earlier than today.
Therefore we are looking for delicious restaurants, sweets shops and supermarkets etc, every weekend!
I woke up today very early and I didn't sleep very well at all (((I woke up after every hour at night... (((but it didn't prevent me from doing my morning jog;))) so after a shower I feel refreshed and I don't feel any tiredness)))
Just like the life of Europe in the middle age.
good morning.
For the warm condition, there were lots of pollen.
I like spring, but I hate pollen more than I like (hate?) warm day.
This title has the same name as a Beatles song.
Though I'm in my first year of college, the graduation is not as far away as we sometimes imagine.
We drank some wine and some snake, I ordered a ``Strawberry Margarita``. Before, I didn't know what a Strawberry Margarita was, but now, I understand. A ``Streawberry Margarita`` is a sweet-tasting cocktail. I like it.
After that, I met some new friends, they are from Japan and Korea, they are friendly and kind, I like them.
In the University, my favourite place to go is the Library. There are a lot of good books and music (??). The atmosphere is very nice, very quiet. You can read any book you want to. The library is very big and when you want to have a rest you can look out of the window. Everywhere around you can see the trees and hear the birds singing, and feel the wind blow on your face. Fantastic!
When I was a junior high school student, I was told to write a daily diary by my Japanese teacher.
Now, however, I realize that it's just their sense of humor and that they don't mean anything bad by it.
So, I say ``Sorry, I have only one and I can't find a replacement here.
I brought the English pocket bible when I come to Tz.
It looks like a pocket diary and so pretty.
She was born in Poland which was controlled by Russia at that time.
knowledge of our industry.
Hi, I'm a student in a Master's Program for Product Design and have completed a product called Finger Dance. Finger Dance is a type of digital communication equipment for cold environments that is used for outdoor survival and rescue in ice disasters or snowstorms.
I went to the spa (open bath)
Sometimes I make notes when I study so as to remember importent information.
No matter where you go, no matter who your ancestors were, what school or college you have attended, your best opportunity is in yourself.
This is it!!
So I closed yahoo messenger.
I'm notgoodat english but it's fun for me to learn
For example, in Japan it's difficult to adjust to strangers.
Japanase people have to go to foreign countries to solve such a domestic problem, and have to improve their English education to become interested in communication.
Blue Monday
Today is Monday.
But I always feel tired and gloomy on Monday morning.
And nuclear power plant problems haven't been solved yet.
Next, I poured flour into the chocolate mix and stirred.
The craftsmen built dragon boats to scare the fish and and turn them away.
For me, I'm dreaming of traveling to foreign countries, like Australia, Egypt, and especially European countries.
I think all of you are the same as me, everyone has their own dream land where he (she) wants to go or he (she) likes aspects of this foreign country, so we choose the language of this country.
People worked and students went to school on Saturdays.
I want to be able to speak English to travel abroad, however
I can't speak English well.
And of course, Oda Nobunaga.
They were true samurai.
It is really similar to other songs.
This is the first time that LDP lost their seats in last 50 years.
It also the third semester of my college life.
Is it a college student life?
I had already heard of AC/ DC but it was the first time that I had listened to their music.
The eclipse is coming tomorrow
Anyway, do you like to go shopping in a crowded place??
There was a terrible earthquake and tsunami in West Japan.
For example, airplanes, factories and cars scare me.
I've just finished ``The Shadow of the Wind.`` Actually it's originally Spanish, but I chose an English translated version
Now I have started ``The Namesake`` by Jhumpa Lahiri, which is really interesting so far.
Anyways, Sofia came over to my house and we kept talking talking talking talking lol. Around 5: 30, we went to downtown to watch it!!
At least in Kamloops. It's a really tiny city, so there is no wonder why you happen to see your friends everywhere. lol)
This game was actually really tight, and there were a lot of fights today, lol. Some of the players were even bleeding lol. Strangely enough, most people looked forward to seeing it. So when it happened, lots of people were standing, screaming,& shouting lol
In the end, the Blazers won!!
I have no idea how she's been studying Japanese for such a short period!!
Go for it and keep it up sis. <333 We are all missing you, and thinking of you dear!!
I try to stay fit while not having any cigarettes
They are really beautiful and fascinating.
You can enjyo food and drinks while viewing Cherry trees.
But I will definitely go tomorrow.
I'm happy to find this website because I've wanted to improve my English, especially my skills in expressing my opinions and feelings properly in English.
According to the company's website, they were actually the first airline in the world to start a pickup service by car.
makeup, hairset, dressing and aesthetic.
Then, I will continue when I return to Japan.
She said, the Netherlands are going to win, whereas I said the Japanese team will definitely win...
The characters are very fashionable and interesting.
When I was a child, I heard from my grandmother that there were many treasures under the ground at the end of a rainbow!!!
This is a Japanese legend!!!
What kind of legends about rainbows are there in your country??
Tomatoes originally grew in South America.
The spanish brought them to Europe in the early 16th century.
They first grew them because they were pretty.
I normally spend time with her.
movies, music, speeches, and so on.
I'm a student and I'm trying to learn 3 languages at school: english, czech, and german..
Although I'm in China, I still like Halloween.
Is it fashionable?
I might speak english like a native someday.
Frankly, I don't want to go there today.
Nevertheless I went.
The Internet changes us
The picture depicts a scene where everyone, women and men, young and old, surf online.
They confine themselves in a separate room all day.
I'm looking foward to going there, but it means I won't be able to enter the prefecture tournament.
In a florist's I saw many beautiful cyclamens.
I heard that they often eat century eggs in Chinese restaurants in the Philippines from my Filipino teacher a little while ago.
Other people probably thought that I was mad, but I like that!
Today I gave an American guy a call through Skype, It is my frist time to use Skype and talk with a Chinesepod student.
I have had lots of students in the last four years, but I teach them face to face, so it's easy to know what they want to know and want to say.
At the beginning, I was a little bit nervous but we keep the conversation going smoothly!
So I relieved.
Every time when I actually sit down to read some books or do some lesson reviews, it just doesn't work.
Because I have purchased a new iMac PC.
Guten Abend!
During my presentation I had a stomachache because I was being nervous.
I was so happy and I became more confident!!
In many stories, there must be an invisible red line that ties two strangers 'little fingers.
I started writing this diary today.
I doubted it when I saw the TV series because I always have to wait for several minutes when waiting for the green light.
What's more, I saw the long queue in the driving school I came to notice the line was a****.
It's embarrassing yet I needn't worry to be caught in drunken driving.
My happy days will end soon because I decided to get an internship.
One of them is the malfunction of a gene that produces a protein that bridges between synapses.
That's why I've studied English hard but I haven't developed speaking nor writing skills.
Recently, I have had no time for myself.
Sometimes it makes me tired.
Without any interuptions.
Alright, morons!
There are many other places to go.
The tray and spoon, which I bought at Tagakushi in Shinshu, are made of bamboo.
Looking for a Suitable Partner
Yeah, finally, I opened my mouth.
Although they refused me as some of them were not English native speakers or they had already had a partner.
Although the rice was a little tough, it was so delicious.
However, the chief of our speech section said that his performance was too passionate/ exaggerated.
He told me that, while Japanese judges tend to demand speakers to deliver thier speech emotionally (?), foreign judges want speakers to deliver their speech naturally.
The chief said that his speech was too calm.
That really impressed me,
This thought crossed my mind.
I have to admit though, I do like the taste of meat.
I was really shocked that people can be that cruel.
``You have two choices, you can wait here until the electric power is restored, or you can finish now.
Three of my friends came to my house to study English together as usual this morning.
The street from Harajuku station of JR yamanotesen to Meiji street is called ``Takeshitadori``.
It is very fun for me because there are many kinds of cool shops, for example apparels, restaurants, sweets shops, nail shops and so on.
``Backpacker`` is a name for someone who loves to travel.
So, when I found this site, I was pleased with it, registered right away and tried to write a lot.
I don't know if this method will lead to a high score in TOEIC immediately, but actually, I really enjoy studying and I sometimes think in English now even in daily life.
She sent a message to me yesterday to make an appointment to study Thai and Chinese for when I travel with my friends in Kaoget.
so this is why I am a lucky girl because I don't pay money to study Chinese because I have Chinese friend already ye ye!!
after that, we talked about how we plan to study Chinese and Thai. You know, it will be really easy to her to do. We departed to study on Tuesday and Wednesday and Sunday every week.
it is really easy for her to do but not me because I don't have any experience before. Thank you for reading.
Hello, my wonderful friends I can see someone in the internet cafe right now who I think I might know.
He/ she? is [BLUE] younger [/ BLUE then me.
I think we had a small problem? a long time ago.
especially since I dont 'know what I would say.
You may think it is funny going to a rock festival despite us being so old.
At times like this, to avoid misinterpretation and unnecessary panic, the Venusians consulted their Martian/ Venusian Phrase Dictionary.
She then attempts to help him by asking questions or talking about what she thinks the problem is.
I need you to ask me questions to assist me in discovering what is happening. ``At this point she proceeds to anger him by asking questions when he real wants to be left alone.
``It's all right`` translated into Venusian means ``This is a problem but you are not to blame.
You can abuse me and I can abuse you ``or she hears`` It's all right this time, but remember it is your fault.
Without this translation, when he says ``It's no big deal`` she may hear ``You are making a big deal out of nothing.
Without this translation, when he says ``It's no problem`` she may hear ``This is not a problem.
Sometimes what he is really saying is the opposite of what she hears.
The best way to show our love, in my opinion, is to strengthen our ability to deal with things and give others a hand if they are in some trouble or need some help.
They also recommend watching movies with English subtitles to understand every sentence!
Completely finished
Apart from the good news, I had a bad one. Well, my IELTS score was so bad, that I couldn't believe I had it...........
Good morning everyone.
Even you can improve the language (that) you 're studying
Then, I can somehow understand what they say.
This was a antiaircraft and was used in positions on a lot of ships.
I was satisfied watching these things!
A salesman?
It is a little difficult for me, but I'm trying to get better at.
It will be good motivation for the author, I think.
I asked her a little about her country.
Jessie, I can feel a fireplace's warmth and I can smell coffee in my mug when I listen to your music.
My throat is so painful.
The purpose is follows,
Anyway, I will try to write my blog about my situation before departing and such, and about living in US.
Please teach me a cool opening word.
It all started fifteen years ago, when I was saving some money for a rainy day.
He booked accommodation and a car.
From Auckland to Rotorua it took about three and a half hours by car.
Since I've started, I have kept myself physically fit and maintained a healthy lifestyle.
l like to eat Japanese food, though sometimes it is expensive!
I have an acute feeling that I have to study English.
I try to study English a little bit.
We were [very/ especially] excited to watch Shizuka Arakawa win the gold medal in Torino!
I was very surprised when I heard the news.
During the holidays, I have to finish my school work, essay and other important tasks which still aren't done.
I've gotta tell you something that's been on my mind.
We were instantly attracted to each other.
Why do we make beautiful plans for the future when we are occupied and do not carry them out when we are free?
I think I would be at ease with written Japanese composition, but at a loss in English.
My abdomen and left elbow hurt.
He had nothing to grab onto and could hardly stand, but the middle-aged man on the priority seat just kept sitting.
That middle-aged man looked at the old man and looked at me again. I thought his conscience was starting to bother him.
I must work and perform my experiment tomorrow morning.
However, I could not agree less. Based on the view that other training institutions (such as vocational colleges) are better suited to teach practical techniques, forcing universities to teach vocational courses would violate our freedom to choose our career path.
Because universities are not the only places that can provide employment preparation courses, but are the only places providing academic education.
Apparently, no other institution can replace universities 'ability to cultivate people in a particular academic field, and that is the main reason why people pay their tuition fees.
Moreover, universities are not the best place for practical skilled trainings. There are thousands of institutions and employers who can provide the more up-to-date training that the workforce needs to perform their jobs.
In sum, in comparison with universities, employers and other institutions are better-equipped and better-qualified to prepare people for the employment market.
The graphic of that was drawn by the famous Japanese designer who did the animation for ``Evangelion``.
It's Blues, which Clapton is always in, meets hip-hop rhythm style which is really comfortable enough for me to listen to it for about 10 years.
Anyway, I am really looking forward to the new album.
Advertisement says that the sound of that is more blues oriented including the old Robert Johnson's songs.
Hi wonderful people!
I know people from everywhere and they speak English because they have seen a lot of movies in their original language
Some people define them as vegetables.
Air conditioner, fan,
Yesterday, I bought a new digital single-lens camera.
This week I have a 6-days trip and want to take pictures at night with better focus.
Hearing the explanations, I thought I understood,
I'm not good at mechanical machines, so I concluded that it is very difficult to use new camera at this trip.
I hope someone corrects these sentences.
The first I heard about it was from an acquaintance in the US, who claimed to suffer from hearing loss.
(Consequently his senior and I didn't work out.
Tomorrow is the last day of winter vacation.
To begin with, I wrote my introductory.
I like to watch dramas, especially Japanese dramas and Korean dramas.
This is the first time that I wrote a diary in English!
The face I saw was one of my friends who I hadn't seen for a couple of years.
But it was great time to make new friends and I leaned some good expressions from the teacher.
I am studying for my exams at the university's cluster room, but I am freezing as the air conditioner is turned up very high.
I ate spaghetti which I got take-out near my home yesterday.
Fortunately, thanks to sufficient sleep and the spaghetti with plenty of garlic, she seemed to be restored.
Monster Hunter
Of course, this event is not for me.
Godzilla went wild!!!!!!!!!!!
In Japan, today's main topic is baseball player, Matsui's play.
His face is strange, his play is excellent!
of Matsui.
But in japan, Ichiro (marinars) is more popular than Matsui () Yankees
Matui is not found [?], as far as I know.
This time Matsui's super play was surprising in Japan.
Godzilla is a Japanese treasure.
Japan's gov spends less money on sports than other countries do.
Otherwise, Japan will probably continue to lose its competitiveness.
So I will go to bed early.
She went out to the new sun room that is waiting for the material for the floor to finish then she found an old man.
He walked into the uncompleted sun room so Siri said ``Who are you?`` He didn't say anything for a while then Siri found that he had a name tag on his shirt then recognized the name.
This house is nice but there are some extensions that need work and have parts done in an irregular or imperfect way that was recognized by my host family.
What's a Smoke Test?
When the bell rung, I thought I would be caught in the rain in on the way to back to my dormitory.
Soon, my hair and clothes have been soaked and I feel cold.
In there, I feel amused by my appearance, so once again I rush in the rain.
[Replace with lower sentence] and, I find an umbrella above my head.
A charming smile appears and says 'are you ok?'.
On the way to the dormitory, she talks with me in a gentle way, and walks me into my dormitory, although she doesn't live there.
So many couples will choose MDH to celebrate their weddings.
I came back from the battle field. I am still alive.
I saw many black passports there, because recently the Japanese government has changed the design of Japanese passports from red to black.
I hope they will go back to Japan ASAP, and work for the Japanese government and be rich Japanese forever.
So when time was almost over, I had only finished around 85%, so I had to randomly answer the rest of questions.
I hope I get over 800 marks, but my result will probably be around 600 marks.
It's probably because this is my real language skill.
Reading speed.
My sock doll is not finished.
Btw, he looks so yummy.....
These days I'm studying English very intensely.
yesterday, I finished writing my graduate thesis.
now, I am in the bangkok airport waiting to board a flight to india.
Each candidate comes out with his own political manifesto to make the country better. However, depending on who is elected, everything will go on to be different from the way it is now, which will be enough to affect other countries all over the world.
Anyway, it is absolute that last night was an important day, so I thought that essentially everyone else was interested in the election.
Well, it is partially true but in fact, not everyone did take notice of it.
Tomorrow I have a Chemistry test 0. o I studied hard but I think I'll fail.
The children are the happiest.
They have long holiday and get more pocket money, new clothes and presents from their parents or relatives.
We Chinese have an old tradition.
So the traffic is now very difficult.
It is the internet that has had the most powerful influence on me for the prevalence of computers in my life.
until the new news hit me.
I think I am not going anywhere so I'll clean my room and I'll make/ cook something that I want to eat when I get hungry.
I'm in the Travel Tourism Course.
I don't work at a part time job, but I do want to work at JR Toukai in the future.
The toughest part of my school work is overseas geography.
New digital camera
Today, I'd like to write about a new digital camera.
What do you think of trends in new digital cameras?
So I wondered:
In Japan, we eat 'ozoni', which means mixed ingredients in soup, as a traditional custom during the New Year week.
^ ^; The New Year is supposed to be a holiday, but it's not a holiday for me.
For that, I should study grammar, words and phrases.
all of the world know that the chinese school uniform is too ugly.
For the last statistics of these votes, the winner will have the most votes for the type of school uniform.
The reason we went to wrong place was the pronunciation of the place we wanted to go to and the place we went to were the same if you pronounce it in Japanese.
We Japanese people are basically covered by health insurance,
Recently, we have been running up a big medical bill in Japan,
into practice to reduce medical expense.
This counselling is not compulsory.
In China students learn English from middle school to college, but, there are not many students who can learn English well. First our mindset is wrong. Some of them think that learnning English is a burden. To pass the exam is their only purpose.
Second, the big circumstance is so bad. It is very difficult for you to find people to communicate with you in English. Someone may think if one person got a high mark, his or herEnglish is very good. I do not think so. We all know that language is a tool that we can use to communicate with others.
The rapidity of memorization is fastening.
I went shopping at 10: 00 this morning,
Fortunately, South korea has developed accommodations called Jjim-jil-bang.
But today, goods for the Japanese New Year were on display.
Recently, I often thought that I would want to study English again.
I went to an English-speaking country and was been there for 7 years.
When I was overseas, I didn't watch English news channels or movies, I could not understand the popular programs, as I have no idea about their culture background.
I want to listen to, speak, write, and read English better than I do now.
I'm required to learn formal words rather than informal.
In my case, I'm exposed to formal situations most often.
During class or school, I would hardly have a chance to use slang.
But I am not a caterpillar, so I give up.
Since the bowl has become empty, finally you can eat an ordinary meal.
I never say ``Don't worry. its going to be alright`` to make them relax because I am a teacher.
Can you have a recommend a drama?
The night safari and taxi companies are friends or couples.
I am a brave man, but when we took a tram there, I sat beside a fat American couple because they possibly cannot run faster than me.
Probably they can't jump over it.
If they do so, does the safari pay a compensation to us?
So we had to take a taxi, and it was already over 00: 00 a. m..
The taxi fare cost DOUBLE.
I think that the night safari and all taxi companies are friends or couples.
I applied for an open position at my company.
There is a botanical garden there famous for wisterias.
However, the wisterias are not in full bloom. I enjoyed tbeautifull flowers and pleasant smells.
Nevertheless, the difference this time is that I only grilled two wings and a leg.
I looked at my phone and received a message from my manicurist.
When you taste strawberry cake, your mouth and brain will immediately be filled with sweets.
My mum lives in Shimoda City, at the head of the Izu peninsula.
I had a bad headache yesterday, so I wanted to leave my office on time today, but I couldn't.
I was very disappointed and felt sorry because I was supposed to give the data to two colleagues but I had to keep them waiting.
What should I do?
Firstly, since my previous laptop wore out within a very short period of time, I am looking to buy a laptop which is more durable and has a guarantee for at least two years.
First, I'd like to introduce myself.
It was based onthe true story of someone's life, and we changed some part of the story.
I noticed there were some problems with my leg
Nobody could explain why it happened.
And so I guess some birds made a noise or hiccuped and dropped them.
I decided not to doubt it.
I miss you like as a friend who cooks with me, watches some movie and cries, smokes a cigarette and talks, talks about life or silly things.
The last time I saw you I couldn't hide that I wanted to cry because my confidence has gone.
I hope air heaters will become unnecessary.
but statistics is very difficult.
I am studying English at a university class now.
Yesterday was the summer solstice.
Though it's after midnight now, 3: 30am, maximum temperature is 30 degrees celsius.
No work, no rush hour, no clock alarm......
I was satisfied even though I hoped I could watch one more game with them in the next stage.
Today (yesterday actually) I met friends and made plans to travel this week.
But I'm looking forward to do it.
By the way I want to know the difference between personal and private.
The weather forecast has promised that the weather will be fine!
It is always beautiful and at this moment, you can find many different champions.
Because it was getting late, we promised to see each other tomorrow.
How to avoid the scorching world.
as if a storm would arrive on the spot.
There is a certain day I cannot concentrate doing anything no matter what, frustrates me, and today is the day I guess.
I am dog-tired and all of a sudden, I got a brain wave that may would take away my agony of the hot world, which technically has a big global warming issue.
The fresh idea is going into a huge refrigerator that is for tons of chickens, saying farewell to the world for a while.
Because a cup of beer I had was $ 13 dollars!!!!!!
The problem is my listening for English!!!
I'm going to meet Crysti, my language exchange partner, at Ginza after work.
So, could you help my studying English?
``Kaiten-zushi`` restaurants have rotating sushi on a conveyor belt, and you can help yourself to anything on the conveyor belt.
Maybe that is because she is working now, and I am still a poor student, but it does not mean that I don't want to spend any money on her or other people.
I know vendors don't wash vegetables so the food is not very hygenic, and they are so expensive, but the festive mood always make me want to buy!
``I will go to Australia``, one girl said.
However, if I don't have enough money then I will go to work for one year.
By the way, I learned a word pronunciation.
Australia and New Zealand's English are close to England accent, is it?
Yesterday I learned that there are UNIQLO shops in the Philippines.
I didn't think that UNIQLO shops would be in the Philippines.
I saw a situation in which many adult waited for the elevator to come.
I checked my self as I listened.
I will try to listen to it and pray to solve my situation.
In my opinion, there are many changes in America's way of thinking.
They want to change and achieve their hopes by voting for Obama.
, I had also hoped for Obama to be president, and I am looking forward to watching the inauguration speech on TV.
I have no doubt tomorrow will be a historical event.
I learned about this site by a postal site.
I'm too tired of typing.
I should be a discreet person.
It's origin is a mystery novel called ``Kokuhaku`` written by Kanae Minato. It got a book store award in 2009.
first, I paid the full money.
when I will get MCAS finally, I will be so happy.
Hello everyone.
We have to admit that we are soft and cry more easily, because we are more emotional than men.
This my point of view, and I am ready to defend it. Now it's your turn to say whether women can be leaders or not, but don't forget to justify your point of view.
I'm studying English because I have a test tomorrow.
The library is a very warm and silent place that I can efficiently do my work.
First of all, I said that Japan's Prime Minister, Hatoyama, is a liar because he changed his mind and postponed the deadline of resolving the base relocation issue in Okinawa.
It on Monday morning so before working, I have to get up earlier than usual.
My life is not brilliant like yours,
It's really interesting when you think of this, isn't it?
There are some facilities in the final station. There is a souvenir shop, a restaurant, and even a mini theater.
Learning something is very exhausting and time consuming.
It's been a long time since I've written a journal.
It is said that Japanese people are strict about time.
Their colour and design are very attractive to me.
My dream is go to NYC.
So, I've decided that I will write on this site two times a day at least until I go back to school.
Then, I guess that I don't have much time for writing, but I'll still be back here.
I took my parents to the best restaurant in the neighboring town that afternoon because it was Respect-for-the-Aged Day in Japan yesterday.
I'm not married, and I'm living alone in a dormitory.
He live in thenorthern part of Tokyo.
So now, I am a little bit disappointed.
And after reading it, we had to explain and summarize it.
Anyway, I had to follow her explanations and summerization about it.
I had wanted to say `` Because I am a learner ``.
I just kept silent.
I am feeling nervous.
lol And I feel exhausted.
I don't know why, but I drank 2 cups of coffee at 4 AM.
When a man went up in the tree and hit branches with a stick, persimmons began to drop one after another.
I was very shock.
lol I was very worried however there were no people around the because around there were very rural places.
so if you are ok, add me as your friend, please ^ ^
I'm afraid that my English is all wrong, but I think that I have to keep enough courage for this lesson.
So I decided to learn English. Unfortunately, I never learned either because I was lazy. This time is different.
Maybe I can do it.
he has already left Korea and the other friend is going to South Africa next month.
The main training is running.
Actually, I had loved a man who came from an other country as an exchanging student.
I've been in Oxford in the UK for 9 monthes, and came back to Japan last month.
I want to keep improving my English even though I'm in Japan, so I joined Lang-8.
When I listened to the music, I understood that what I studied was useful.
However, when we eat bread, we prefer cafe au lait, milk or coffee.
What do we think about our future, where to go and what to say? It's ridiculous for us to be mumbling about our world where we're living.
My aunt went with me when I got my haircut.
Both of them are the same company, aren't they?
I was interested in the article because it said the Oxford English Dictionary decided to introduce FYI in its latest edition.
I am now learning English, but I found it is difficult to master the using custom of English.
He wanted to say that I've often told reasonable (good) excuses.
I have managed to communicate with foreigners in English.
in daily life.
I have wanted to know the level of my English objectively.
I asked him the reason why he would take theTOEIC test.
He wants to know his English level to make more progress in his English.
Because I 'm a good excuser basically.
Would you correct this script leaving some comment about my writing, pronunciation or the content of speech?
My self introduction:
I'm a University student.
They conversed with each other in English, I was desperate to follow along.
I decided to struggle studying English more, for opportunities when foreign customers visit.
Tomorrow I'll try to tweet more often.
What is a satisfactory standard of English in AS?
well, I got so little time to study tough, with work hours from 9am to 7pm...
The political sense of Obama is bad.
as standard-because standard itself is uncertain, general, so it can't be used itself with an article. (see comment)
We only can talk at work because we met together at work.
Yeah. thank you guys for reading this diary again ~ ^_ ^
I am 21 years old and work at a radio station. I'm still a University student and my major is mass communication.
As for me, I use all of these websites, and I think each of them is great if you exploit their strengths.
My mother is an excellent cook. I don't like to cook but today I'm going to help her because it's a lot of work for only one person.
I always enjoy staying with my mother because she is very sympathetic and friendly. We spend lots of time talking about our lives. Our conversations are interesting, and I always learn a lot from them.
It was a beautiful view from Tokyo Tower.
I love to go up to Tokyo Tower, so I went there.
I kept looking at Tokyo Tower from the outside. The view was still beautiful. Then, I headed to Shinjuku and had supper with my friends.
Now he is sick, because of being too excited.
I've enjoined those things.
I try to write in English daily.
Furthermore, some characters also died from that.
So I probably can't get home for a while.
I like the that moment.
Recently, I bought an iPad.
Last week I was watching a survey on a BBC TV program that was being broadcast while I was about to eat.
Suddenly the results showed something I didn't expect: only one in 10000 people had achieved their life-long goals.
My pieces of work were admired by my teachers and were the cause of envy of many of my classmates and other colleagues.
There was even a time when one of the most respected professors I had, Mr Smith, commented that my work, ``resembled that of the geniuses of the Renaissance period``.
That's why I joined a group of alternative artists in my city and since then, I have been working on utterly different projects which range from traditional painting with a small brush to extreme air body painting or even crazier stuff.
Despite the weather, I still went there.
I have class this morning so I have to got up early this morning....
Staying up late was so tiring for me.
I'm trying to continue writing my English diary.
I didn't want to be like that and I felt kind of fearful because they looked just like a disposable wipe.
As you might know, Playing golf in Japan is pricey.
I had a phone interview for graduate school.
I am waiting for the result now, but it will probably be bad news...
I forgot almost everything I wrote.
In my thesis, I predicted the oil price was jumping due to speculation by investors and that this bubble would pop.
What I predicted was what exactly happened after one year.
Therefore, Oil became a target for investors at Wall street.
In the stock market, it does not usually happen, but oil fluctuates violently.
So investors who want to take advantage of this market are never ceasing.
But Oil is absolutely necessary for our life.
I don't know when alternative energy will be practical.
So oil has to be steadily supplied and should not be dealt with like loans and other financial products.
I may do exercise or play tennis in the gym every day.
These last few days I have seen almost every Olympic game featuring Taiwanese players.
In good weather like this, I want to meet friends and sit by a fire and enjoy nature.
I need a TNA down jacket as well to keep my body warm outside in the freezing world.
Even if the main charactrers are autistic, they are the special people whom I've never seen before.
What is the difference between ``a piece of paper`` and ``a sheet of paper``?
Although we talked awkwardly in the beginning, after an hour we started to open up.
I felt at ease that my students opened up,
Before the meeting, I went to the Ueno Park, where is famous Cherry Blossom tree.
This was my first time being challenged by the TOEIC test.
I am not good at memorizing English idioms and expressions, because they have different sentences from Japanese, so I cannot imagine the background of the words.
For example, the expression 'What in the world' relates to the feeling of surprise, correct?
Practice practice practice!
I think I will meet so many difficulties about communicating with foreign teachers.
At 5 o 'clock, I go to learn baking cakes.
I wonder why gouaches aren't as much popular as watercolors.
While driving back to their (T and L) residence, we happened to talk about curse words because they were very sinful to Catholics.
A new android app is available now.
Consequense: We decided to go for a trip as a consequense of the long discussion.
influence: I had great influence from the book he wrote.
But since the day I left elementary school and entered high school, there was always a certain matter that kept bugging me: ``Why did I even choose entrepreneurship, as my future course?``
(or) sore ha onaji tokoro ni aru
Today I begin my diary.
But, that was 32 years ago, I did not speak English then.
I didn't really feel anything but this past one day, I felt a little sad.
This weekend, I am going to take a test 'Eiken'
I am studying English very hard!!!
I have to submit my contents by next Monday.
for example, someone who is working in Samsung has intelligent qualifications and Samsung invents high quality products.
In the case of sportsmen, from middle school, they exhaust all their energy.
In conclusion, we have many human resources, and we tend to persue the first place and ignore second and third place.
In conclusion, living in Korea is so difficult.
in our small county, there are many super koreans in baseball, in figure skating, in soccer and in academia.
I was very nervous because I have never played dancing.
I would like to improve my English and learn other languages, Chinese, Spanish etc.
for business use.
My avorite things are FC.
I'm trying to study English by listening to a song over and over (Is there any difference between ``over and over`` and ``time after time``?).
I am on winter vacation.
Unfortunately, I didn't start studying English at the beginning of winter vacation.
Instead, I always watched movies and dramas.
But, it is so addicting, and
I have studied English since I was 12 (so I have studied it for 6 years!), but I can't speak English very well.
I also started studying German this Spring.
Your prompt reply would be highly appreciated.
My English is not very good, especially in writing.
After working, I stopped at the shopping center near the station.
I bought a book and looked around.
Then I was worn out because of work, I felt better.
Sweets make me happy.
so I've really treasured the time spent with him these past few days.
Always is a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place in the world, specially about towns I know.
Unfortunately I have found some mistakes in the information about parking in the city center.
Also the Museum of Natural History is closed, due to some vandals who broke some skeletons last week.
I make the most of the freedom during vacation in the noon by watching Korean video dramas.
I look forward to watching it everyday except for the weekends.
Yesterday, however I couldn't watch it because I worked on my thesis in the library. In addition, my home's video recorder has trouble now, so I couldn't use it.
When the drama started, I have felt a sense of ``dejavu``!
Please go out and buy it at the nearest shop '
I couldn't believe what she said and I asked her how could I go out in such a storm.
She was an optimistic person, but could I go to the shop safely and buy the miso paste?
I am too anxious to make many good friends who come from different countries for knowing different cultures.
It was really embarrassing.
There are still many silly things I didn't mention, because it is very embarrassing.
The topic made their conversation restart and they ended up staying there another hour.
I think I should try not to eat at McDonalds to stay healthy.
I have been insisting on buying a lottery ticket since the beginning of this year.
Because in Japan they think New year's is an important thing.
Budget compilation
Especially, '' Christmas '' remains in the impression.
When '' TOM& JERRY '' was revived by You-Tube, '' Christmas '' was found.
During today's lesson, I felt that foreigners have similar characteristics.
It's true.
This show was on my favorite channel.
I was scolded by the teacher for my cellular or cell phone call during the class of mathematics.
I know it's amazing, but it's true.
So, please tell me what to do because I don't know what to prepare.
And could you please tell me a good place for food in Guam.
Many of the younger generation much study very hard to succeed.
I got plane tickets for a New York trip next summer so I went to a travel agency yesterday.
I paid a deposit of thirty thousand yen.
Something new and good is likely to happen there,
Today I was very unlucky.
And in biology class I didn't finish my homework, so my teacher made me go to the lunch room.
Sometimes you can see some coloured fish.
Her songs are awesome, right?
Perhaps I should be happy for it because it is an evidence of my last four years of hard work.
Maybe I am a sensible boy but I really treasure the friendship between us very much.
The woman (Aki, Autumn) waits for her ex boyfriend for 2 years, but falls in love with a new man (Haru, Spring).
Making Tempura now
I'm making tempura now.
I don't like using lots of oil for cooking, because my kitchen becomes oily, but my mother-in-law taught me how to make tempura and if I didn't do it by myself, she'd get angry.
That's why I'm making tempura today!!
Why doesn 'tCASIO put the temperature sensor on the top of the watch?
People hung fish kites from their rooftops, and wished for their children's health and success.
I don't understand the content of song lyrics.
I know that many people say the same thing, but I really am a beginner.
I started studying English in March.
I hope to take a trip to Switzerland next year because I want to visit a museum at Bern.
I have applied for schools in NY, LA, SF, San Diego and Seattle.
Today, I went to a sports gym with my colleague.
Of course, if you want, I would like to do that kind of thing for you I. e. Reading a japanese book aloud, slowly.
A friend of mine recommended this web site yesterday.
If this factory is not managed very effectively and efficiently according to specific rules, it's prone to polluting the local fresh air and water, and an ideal community which should be quiet.
Secondly, to make sure the shipping of materials and products and the employees 'communting are more convenient, the local roads will have to be rebuilt and broadened, resulting in improved public transportaion.
Why did Japanese film ``Depertures`` get to win the Academy for best foreign film?
In severe cases, young people commit suicide because they can't bear the stress.
Tragedies happen everyday in the current greatly changing society.
We can dig into different aspects of this issue, including cultural factors, Chinese history, as well as national characteristics.
First of all, regarding what Chinese believe in, I would say every Chinese believes in Confucianism.
Secondly, in the aspect of history, China has gone through a difficult time throughout its 5000-year history, and during the past decades, the great leap forward has created both opportunities and failures such as many dropouts in the last generation.
For example, international airports made it easier for foreign people to come to Japan.
For instance CNN on YouTube or something like that.
For me, no I should say for foreigners, it's quite convenient to listen to these programs.
Generally speaking, in Japan people think that topics like politics, religion, private diseases, etc are taboo.
But I don't think it is good to talk loudly and emotionally saying how ridiculous your opinion is or how stupid you believe some team is.
Last week I went to see Alice in Wonderland.
He is really a genius, I think.
It is amazing that I was so much impressed at once just by listening to this piece of music.
I am about to graduate.
At first I wanted teaching as my career, but with more and more positions appearing, I'm becoming aware that I was stupid to ignore lots of jobs except teaching.
I loved it when I watched it a few years ago in Hungarian.
Also, his explanations are easy to understand.
My best friend said 'you should just ask him, and don't talk about your dogs.
I remember when I talked about my dogs to the doctor, he almost yawned, and I was a little bit sad.
By the way, my best friend got divorced recently, and now she is also interested in another man.
However, the man's attitude towards her are getting down.
So far, you have not shown any successful results. ``
``Why do [es] everyone talk about the abandonment of a nuclear power plant, though they don't talk about the abandonment of automotives?``
``Automotives kill many people by accident, however a nuclear power plant hasn't kill anyone yet.``
I was happy to pet him.
Unfortunately, there was an accident, he fell into a lake and died.
I remembered that I took it
We had a one-centimetre snowfall.
I made muffins as I watched the snow.
Airplane schedules are always disrupted on snowy days.
The picture is of my muffins.
I haven't packed for the/ my trip yet.
First of all, Obama's speech was effective, strong and scary to me.
This friend likes sketching like me.
Finally, I watched ``Valkyrie`` (actually I wanted to watch ``The day the Earth stood still``, but it had not come up yet.
to meet my favorite friends.
I just learned one thing from an article I read today, that was if you keep doing one thing for 4 weeks, it would become or would change your habit.
I wanna make a little bit of progress everyday in order to let studying english be one of my habits.
First, I'll list the key words I've heard today in a conversation that I don't use often, or usually use in a wrong way.
overhaul (totally change), executive producer (movie producer), illustration (make an example to prove), significant (extraordinary), nifty (nice), municipality (Beijing municipality), forbidden city, terracotta warriors, potala palace (tibet)
girls: beautiful, gorgeous, sexy, fabulous,
I was so excited to see it!!
Today one of my co-workers was absent.
I think it's time to read a grammar book again.>_ <Yuck!!!
I went to a glass atelier and try to glass-working with ten friends last Sunday.
He invited me his house and we had lunch together.
Pancakes, spaketti, beef and chicken.
And I had a discount coupon for Lotteria (a Korean Hamburger chain).
After we finished our lunch, we decided to go to eat some more.
I suffer from not understanding what he says because he talks so fast and my lack of vocabulary.
Now, I am studying about the present perfect and past perfect tenses.
Since different people from different ethnic groups such as Persian, Bakhtiari, Aramaean, Turkish, Arab live in this province, you can find diverse Persian cultures and traditions in different parts of Isfahan.
When he is good, his color is lighter and when he feels bad, his belly become a black stripe pattern.
I want to learn many things about this kind of dragon to take care of him properly.
they are noodles and fried eggs, which are so easy to make.
some eggs and noodle soup mix or broth
this way, it tastes very fresh and better than the plain taste.
just waiting for good news from me.
The textbook's title is ``Totally True Book 3``.
Both days were very boring.
I'm looking forward to it.
I haven't studied for my science quiz tomorrow =(I always procrastinate the things I find difficult.
I'll write a small review when I receive it.
But honestly, I don't have good memories there.
These instruments are guitar, drum, base, keyboard, and others!
I was impressed!!!!!
Day 96: Too straightforward.
Today one of the unties said to me that I am too straightforward.
As I really wanted to have Christmas doughnuts, I dived right in.
I suppose that Christmas here in Japan is very commercial.
Many food shops launch Christmas products.
Did a typhoon hit Hamamatsu!!?
So I was grateful for his suggestion.
Summer Vacation
We could watch the lions, horses, birds, etc.
Because of it, I was often scolded by my mother who then said, '' study hard, or I'll dump it!/ throw it away!
Now my interests have moved from playing games to playing music and studying foreign languages.
Anyway, I will fulfill my big dream in 2010!
I started a diary on lang-8.
Because I view English sites, but I don't understand them.
I will try to write in my diary in English.
and I'm writing a diary entry to waste time until I'm ready to go out.
May is Begining.
May is begining today.
He seems to be busy, he asked me to confirm the appointment.
I tried to call him later in the afternoon.
But I failed to make it!
Someday If I visit France, the birth place of Macaron, I want to eat it.
Please recommend your favorite:)
I find it difficult to express my opinion,,,
At first I would like to thank for every who checked my article.
Every day I have to study Japanese and do a part-time job too.
Although I am Asian, the Japanese words mean the same in Chiense in many sistuations.
I am so unhappy with my roommate.
I think we go to study abroad as a college students, so we must do our best in our studying.
I heard about the place of the Russia nuclear reactor accident place is called Chernobyl.
So I must improve myself such as Japanese English and confidence.
Besides, we have school lunch in such a terrible classroom.
Anyway, I guess I was suspected by an old man while I was running in a nearby park today!!: <
I spent time researching Amakudari.
. I may keep studying by myself, but I need some opportunities to practice my English.
I'm bad at grammar and spelling.
My room is on the first floor, so he set the ladder up and escalated.
My colleagues bought a bin of milk, and we chugged them down.
In Japan, people who want to get a job need not only some skills or a good ability to communicate with co-workers, but also, good academic backgrounds.
I really appreciate your help:)
Today my teacher took me and my friends to Spectum in his car.
Spectum is the biggest shopping mall in Irvine (maybe).
I (need subject) think that there's no better way to improve my Japanese skill than making Japanese friends, I'm recently tried (past tense) to make japanese friends on the net and got a few.
Please tell me how to use other languages.
Although she said it was not serious,
My homestay father is a big fan of Chinese kung fu and so in love with Chinese language, he really wants to learn Chinese.
So I want have a place for learning English.
However in my case I got transferred here regardless of my desire.
They learned Japanese, mathematics, and social studies from 9: 00 to 15: 00.
We ate the Korean food at komart.
Some language learners would like to discuss/ talk about the different aspects of languages, I really enjoy that!!!
Now andthen, I always recall the wonderful times we havewhen we get together.
(Sometimes I do, tempted by the tasty look and flavors?!!)
Cars can't come near the fireworks venue, people looked at firework on the street.
But the fireworks were very beautiful!!
have you ever experienced something like this?
The quail eggs were sold in 4 packs for 1000 won.
I have never been abroad, so I haven't experienced this lol
It forms the boarder between Thailand and Laos, and is the gateway to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
This weekend I'm going to take a train and then go to Vientiane.
When I went into the travel agent's office, a local Thai woman attended to me and she was really gorgeous.
Although it's boring when we are waiting, I believe that when we see the picture in the magazine will find out that it was all worth it.
We enjoyed and felt happy ^ ^
If you choose egg you can order egg udon or egg soba.
I went to kaiten-zushi for dinner yesterday.
So I can eat those without thinking which dish is cheap or expensive.
It was ivory, long sleeves, and high-necked.
Study english-steadily (regularly) studying is very difficult.
I know this road will be very hard for me-a girl who are not a native.
Besides, I have 7-8 lessons at school every day except Saturday as on Saturday I have 6 lessons which are over at half past 1 p. m. When my groupmates decided when the courses would start on Saturday I asked to begin them after 2 p. m. But nobody supported me even those who didn't care when to start.
Today is Monday in Japan.
Is it because I am a typical Japanese or am a coward??
Books can enable a child to develop his or her own reading skills and power of concentration.
First, by touching letters in books, said child can develop reading skills.
Japan is a mountainous country.
3/ 4 of the total area are mountains or hills!
I had eaten too many unhealthy foods for a semester, and even though I only ate a little each day when I lived in the city of my school, I still became fat.
Japan has had a tough experience since the earthquake and tsunami in March this year.
When I see the people's attitude toward saving electricity, It always reminds me about the nature of the Japanese.
the first picture is of ``kinako mochi``
I'm happy that my wish was fulfilled!
My job keeps me very busy, so I don't have enough time to learn English.
The next challenge is one any flash developer might come up with: Associating visual images with sound.
Moreover, traveling alone, will bring the traveler unexpected surprises, such as making a new friend or enjoying the different scenery.
Second, I like to make new friends and learn more things about the place I am traveling to.
I'm a university student.
I often see a man selling fruits and flowers on the Safety Island when I drive to school.
watashi wa pera pera to nihongo wo hanashitai.
Now, his English is not perfect, but he can communicate with native English speakers.
Mobile phones are getting fashionable recently, there are many colors and many design.
And they have a lot of functions.
For example: you can use it to listen to music, to take pictures, to use the internet, to arrange your schedule, to watch TV...
I don't need too many functions.
These days, most people have one.
Sometimes it is too expensive... We should be careful when using cell phones.
I realized that now I'm not living!
Hello everyone:)
I had to picked my school timetable up yesterday for my graduate school history classes. I picked 4 classes. Advanced Latin is one of them. It looks like I am the only one signed up for the class right now.
He drove all the way to the station advertising Kobe beef.
My favorite thing is listening rock music.
But a serious disease infected him suddenly.
We chose the rings and went to the hamburger restaurant.
I take bellydancing lessons once a week.
My bellydancing teacher is Korean.
Reading assignment
At that moment I felt that he was a very quiet and lonely person, It seemed that he struggled against difficulties by himself just like the song said.
Hi, I can't speak in english! For practice today I am going tell one story. Its name is ``The Girl Who Does Not Speak In English.`` This story has no plot. This story has one girl who found this page for learning english, and this is the beginning. I hope the end is good.:) For that I need your help.
I gathered the application forms and sent them to the bread company.
We study in different places.
Texas Burger
For lunch, ate a hamburger at McDonald's.
At my university, there is an anime society at which people who love Japanese anime get together and hold events like quiz shows.
I will join it as soon as possible.
I compared both pictures, and I thought the picture of the digital card was very beautiful.
I tried a slot machine, but I did not win as expected.
Though they look fierce, they are charming.
Secondly, it is easy to raise cats.
I think ``Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone`` is the movie that I have seen most often!
The day the earth became my home... 1 Singapore and Malaysia
Now humans control this world, so we take care of only ourselves.
If insects get a sovereignty of managing this world, they will kill us in turn.
It is a bit uncomfortable to live with someone and not talk to the person.
My favorite artist---> Allison was eliminated.
OMG poor Allison!
But recently, my improvment in English has become slower.
Just think about it, I am always using and depending on words which I already learned how to use.
I hope that I am already an intermediate English speaker, and when we reach an intermediate level, our language skills start getting stuck, because we start depending on words and expressions which we have learned in the past.
This years motto is ``I talk without hesitation!!``
After that we heard/ found out that it had been a weak earthquake.
It wasn't strong enough to damage anything but reminded me of the tragedy in Haiti.
Today, this task especially suffered me.
I am very glad to meet all of you here.
The dictionary definition of communication is the process by which people exchange information or express their thoughts and feelings.
A case in point is Ebenezer Scrooge in the story of ``A Christmas Carol``.
Call it close or distant, it is happiness when there are people who you can communicate with. ``Isn't it cold?`` I ask. That's when having someone there to reply ``Yes, it's really getting cold,`` provides the warmth--Machi Tawara.
I was surprised.
I had a problem.
And so it is possible to change something kindly and make it kinder than it is now.
usually I don't have the habbit of writting dairies on the Internet...
I am trying to find a sentence to enable me to ask you some questions, but I can't find it so no problem, I can read it by my self again.
Recently, I went to bed at sunrise
In general, most beginner or veteran doctors are stubborn and a little strange. (It's not only doctors but also the old.) But they are that sort of type of person.
I enjoy downloading Podcasts? of CNN News and watching them.
Especially, I like the broadcasts of Anderson Cooper 360 degrees.
The chaotic situation in Haiti was beyond description.
So many people died and still the bodies were under rubble and on streets.
I watched a TV program, which is called ``Cool Japan``.
Things that interests me.
If you are interested in Japanese culture, I'll recommend you to watch this TV program.
I'm sure it will help you to open your horizon.
``I made a conscious effort to lose weight after I read articles citing me as the fat chick in Hollywood.
Will this sentence be able to convey my thankful feelings to the teacher?
I'll show you three museums, Teshima Museum in Japan, Jewish Museum in Germany, and Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain.
You might notice that the water drop moves slowly on the slightly inclined floor.
This architecture is, to recap, the space in which you can feel the existance of nature and yourselve.
Yesterday I went to a movie theater to see ``Angels and Demons`` with my friend.
I found a very useful site!
I had expected that Argentina would win, but they depended on Messi too much.
Recently, we recived many voices from citizens that our personal appearance is too bad.
Women's personal appearance is more difficult than men's.
Because women's fashon is rich in variety.
I wish our staff members get good sense, then become good office.
It's a famous specialty noodle of Nagasaki.
She has taught me speaking skills for 4 months.
I commute to language school.
I hardly able to have the opportunity to speak to native speaker.
By the way, Christmas is coming soon.
Secondhand books
You can write me a message if you are interested. (:
However today is Friday ^ ^
Look! Is that your book that was stained with blood or ketchup or something?
A girl who dreamed of a true love's kiss met a prince.
My daughter asked me
She must have been a princess before.
It's Raining!
It has been raining for four days.
The weather is cold and wet, I dont like it when it is raining
The <<M>> is full of slang, I think if they muted the sentences which include slang, the whole film would become a silent film.
I know abstract words and technical terms to some extent.
Besides, I cannot read fast, speak fluently, write quickly.
When I noticed it was time to get off the different station I didn't feel well.
Today we are working outside, so I wonder if it could start raining later.
Company meeting
In every meeting we discussed recovery from the earthquake.
Hello friends. Today I was really happy to talk with Tyler and Neechan on Skype, and also Ivy on MSN. Luckily Neechan got her microphone working so we could talk on Skype.
I would like to record them like when I talk with Yasuko.
I think it is too late already so I have to go.
I can't tell you guys all of my working condition, so it is little bit
Subject: Changing schedule proposal.
Now, we've got a new employee, and there are 6 people working as
I have already told to my manager and co-worker about this, so If you
He asked me to call my parents to come to school for a talk.
I planned to spend at least three hours to study english every day since I began to prepare the qualification exam to be a diplomat.
I write in English most about things connected with international affairs, such as, China's economy became more dependent on their inner investment, Libya's Caddafi came to terms with (?) Mr.
Belousconi, the prime minister of Italy, over the past colonial peirods, or SC decided to impose new sanctions against North Korea.
A few days ago, mom brought some books on methods of learning English.
grandpa, granma everyone is welcome!!
It's been quite a long while since I last wrote in my diary.
During this time, I've been kept pretty busy.
I attended the Smith College Forum today.
AUGUST RUSH
I like to travel very much, if u r interested in me, just become my friend ok?
The use of e-mail and telephone costs us lots of money, not only for connection and packet taxes, but also for the basic license fee.
So it is pleasant for me to select from them.
I surprised her.
She was very surprised!
I was happy because I could make her smile.
But I like eat potatoes, cookies (or potato chips) and drink sweet black tea.
Please lend your power! Of course, I will help you with Japanese, if you wanna study it.
On the contrary to the good first impression, Johnny was very naughty and loud little boy.
What drives me craze is that the officials at school see me as the one responsible for opening the door to cheating.
There are many restrictions for smokers in Japan, for example, more tax added on tobacco, restrictions on tobacco advertising, and cautions written on the packages.
long time no write this diary
caz, I was in a quarrel with my parents.
but I was a nuisance to my friends
caz I lodged at my friends 'homes.
I'm ashamed of myself now,,,,,
What happened to my life!!!!
Recently, it has been very popular among theyouger generations.
I make a presentation next Tuesday.
Maybe I can't answer.
Everyday we prepare many packages.
Because my cell makes a similar sound to my alarm clock, I turned off the
Especially since this is my first time to make this kind of food, it is going to be great!
So I'm not surprised that she was upset because delivery is hard on their bodies and it's pretty expensive.
Hiroshima is famous for the atomic memorial park and Miyazima.
Winter was kind of my favourite season.
After each session, I stretch my body and train my muscles.
My body is so weak and rusty these days, so these exercises really helps to refresh it.
But I have a problem...
I can do anything with English ^-^
I remembered my violin teacher explaining me that (to avoid repetition)
I didn't know him well, but I want to hear his play of Paganini.
Although the interview is in April, I'm still afraid that if I won't pass the interview.
other students uni from Tokyo and Fukuoka came too, so it was very fun!
I have plans to go to Kyoto on the 8th.
My friends and I want to go Kinkaku-ji, Kiyomizu-temple and other places.
My sister ordered a green tea latte that was very delicious.
To the gentleman who dropped his shoe at the Haunted Mansion in Tokyo Disneyland, was your shoe safe?
I was on the waiting queue to get on the cart at the Haunted Mansion in Tokyo Disneyland.
It was around a quarter before 9pm.
No one seemed to have guessed it right and we all laughed.
Certainly, the Haunted Mansion is the last place where you want to drop your shoe.
Guess what would bring your shoe back if you drop your shoe in the Haunted Mansion.
When we happily got on the last ride, I wondered if they checked if the gentleman's shoe has not changed into a cursed slipper or the equivalent.
In addition, people worked together to achieve major progress to make their country more advanced.
When I chose this time and this place, I specifically did so because there was a leader who ruled the people by justice and love.
This leader was the prophet Mohamed who had a message for those people to deliver.
And he spread peace among the people.
From my point of view, the Prophet Mohamed was the most intelligent leader at that time, because he saw that if he wanted to build a country he had to establish the people first before doing anything else.
Because of all of these things, I would like to live during that time just to see the person who changed the world for the better and made us better creatures.
I wanna change my life.
It's a real story that has happened at Grasse in France.
He was mad, but finally, he succeeded in the production of the miraculous perfume that made all people fall in love!
But firstly, I have to pass an English exam like TOEFL.
Today, I participated in a English party and I met some really nice people.
However, the straydogs live hardly and painfully.
When I was a university school student, I created a club that made me do something to help stray dogs.
Although we face many problems and attacks, we always do the things that we believe are right!
I opened the egg carton in the refrigerator and found that the eggs were frozen hard.
In addition to all that food, the lack of exercise hasn't helped.
and do some exercise every day.
Recently in Japan,. It's been continuously hot for days.
I don't like this weather.
For A Good Presentation!
Communication is far more than information exchange. It also includes eye contact, body language and so on.
wonderful!
Somebody checks my diary and corrects it immediately.
There are tests in high school on this month.
The meal was very tasty and even though it was a buffet and buffets tend to have less nobility in taste and atmosphere, this was surprisingly very sophisticated in taste and atmosphere.
I'm really passionate about doing hair and make up, and have ambission for my job.
After I finish my assignments, spring vacation awaits me!!!
I'll go to Disney Sea on the 2nd of March with my friend.
I have many things to do.
The English program tytle was Little Charo.
I want to become to be able to communicate with foreign people in English, so it seems that this class is suitable for me.
I stayed at the hotel with a coworker Mari.
I was able to see skyscrapers and the Opera house from there.
I don `t have a clear dream.
As for language, english and korean.
an alternative to speaking with a mirror.
It is a clean and comfortable there!!
And now I need to study hard because I want to do well this semester.
During that time, I traveled to 4 south east Asian countries with my friend from my university.
I'm gonna write about the detailed leg of this trip in my next entry.
Morning: I must get up before my roommate and read English loudly near the lake in our school.
Night: I must remember the English words.
It's very difficult for me to use ``Little`` case by case (/_; `)
One night, we burned rice bran, which would make a smell the fleas like.
``What happened to your house!`` our neighbor ran out of his house with fright when my mom generated the thick smoke.
I would like one day to leave my country and travel to England, but the problem is that my English is very bad and I don't have a way of leaving...
Can you please help me and teach me?
Bye, thank you.
There is so much more vocabulary that I need to remember.
If we ever get to the bottom of the mechanism, we will be in the money though.
Yet one thing I noticed is that if we don't allow ourselves to say ``It's okay to forget,`` our forgetfulness is suppressed.
If we say so, our conciousness recognizes that it's OK to forget.
Oh, I remember one scientific report that showed laughter boosts our immune systems.
Tonight, I will see fireworks with my brother.
Yes, I'm falling in love with a girl who I've always imagined, but it is going to be a really difficult time for me.
I feel bad, what should I do?
That's why I study harder these days, but I have a problem with English class.
I will take part in Chinese Speech Convention.
Unfortunately, I am poor at organizing things, especially this holiday.
One of them was a huge theater with a super-high vision screen and another was showing an animation made by leading-edge technology.
However, the course that I am taking now is more difficult. It will put more pressure on me.
I often hear that it is impossible to hear phrases that you can't say yourself. Therefore, I've been reading sentences and phrases out loud repeatedly in recent months.
Please give me some advice to improve listening comprehension!
This is my third day using lang-8.
I'm not really familiar with the functions here, so I always send the same
On the TV program for theEnglish lesson, ``Why not!`` is thesame as ``Of course, I will...``
it was sooo tired....
Japanese traditional dolls
Today I decorated the Japanese dolls in my house.
I have to confess I wasthe kind of person who always said, ``God, why did you not grant me another chance.
However, after that peroid of my life and surviving some of life's irony, I come to realize that there are so many things we are supposed to appreciate, but we always take them for granted and complain all day instead.
In the morning, I rode my bicycle to the playground to go jogging.
They go to parties, clubs and other scenes to cover up/ to hide their loneliness.
You will expect that another person will also show up just as easily.
I choose to embrace my loneliness.
This whole journey of mine was just to reach you.
Happy birthday grandpa!! (even though I don't know how old he is!!
As some areas in the world have their own calendar, muslims also have their own lunar calendar.
Hirji calendar.
It's a little bit earlier timimg to greet for new year to us, but who cares!
Neither could I go to the library because I felt dizzy.
I have many spelling errors and expression errors.
I rounded these spot today, but I think that I wouldn't go by car because those parkings for cars are very expensive and there are many places around these spots without parking area.
I recommend using the rental bicycle.
In autumn, we feel good cycling.
We also had a good time and we tried the second movie which is a famous movie ``Harry Potter`` but we slept for a while because it was not so interesting for us.
Uhmm, it was too difficult to understand.
Jyanet is my friend's wife.
I am speaking english more.
I'm sleepy.
It sounds like ``Finding Nemo``)
I want things to change.
Kronenbourg is now owned by a British company.
I have chosen this picture as my subject because of the last scene in this series.
I want to attempt to write a short summery of it in English but I think it is too big of a challenge for me now...
This exam is very hardfor me and it is in January next year, that is to say/ I. e. I have less than 6 months to prepare for it.
I'm wondering if I should enter Azumedia, in Australia.
a bowl of rice topped with chicken and eggs.
Remembering my daughter's shining smile.
Oh ~ sorry, I'm having a grumble at the beginning of a journal.
My boss told me to go for the lecture of the insurance company to get a licence.
I bought a machine yesterday
Yesterday I went to DG to buy a machine with my boss.
I saw and heard Flamenco while I was working today.
I wonder why all guys who sing Flamenco music/ songs sound the same.
Besides, I've never heard Japanese guys singing Flamenco songs whereas I've seen Japanese Flamenco guitarists such as Jin Oki.
I used to learn (the) Argentine tango, chacha, and salsa when I was a student.
1. The teacher assigned each student various homeworks.
When I woke up nearly midday, I got a severe headache because of a terrible hangover.
But this morning I had to work because of the examination season: <
The other guys don't like punk very much, so they didn't sung along with me.
I'm drinking my coffee and waiting for it to be 7: 45 A. M.-the time to leave my place to go to my university.
My Command of English Has Been Deteriorating...
I never use English these days, so my English has been deteriorating so badly that I can't really speak anymore.
My boss is very cool and intelligent.
because I can't speak English very well.
I'm so happy lately
just friends to study English. I have found, and I already know that I should take care a lot, especially on this site...!
Also there are lots of canals, so you can take a boat tour and admire the views.
Here is an explanation about Doll Festival and a picture of dolls.
After the Festival is finished, you must put the dolls away or you can't marry early.
Animals walk on the hill, sleep, eat, and run without restrictions.
But, the author of the article which I read defended that women can deal with money because they spend their money on a few small things, while men would buy 'useful' tools instead.
Immediately I went back my home and cried a little without my voice.
This is a Japanese company in London and most of employees are Japanese.
Anyway, I'm looking forward to this coming summer, which has the longest daytime and gives us a lot of opportunities to play and drink in parks.
Sometimes when I see foreigners come to Thailand and travel in the southern area of Thailand, go the the beach and things like that, I feel jealous. My family didn't travel often. Instead, they like to do their job and save the money for the future.
I used to ask my friends about holidays and where they like to travel and they said they did not travel often.
sometimes they think if they don't use the money to travel, they can use it to buy something better.
I think in Bangkok we have a beautiful beach, a lot like pukat kabi city.
So, about me, I have not to traveled in the south, but I plan to go there one day when I have the money.
He mentioned some contacts at Mitsubishi he has there but had to leave quickly after that.
Finding your center is very important.
On the way, a very extraordinary thing happened.
Studying in Canada is a valuable chance for me to become mature and learn to overcome tons of difficulties and barriers.
I like action/ dancing/ etc. just as I like music. It's art, it's soul, it attraction me that make me more expect (?) myself. I like action, love and so on,
Finally, I will be hard working and make a lot of money.
Deaths from the usual flu are more common than pig flu.
I consider the vaccines (and not only from pig flu) in itself to be harmful.
Of course, it can be useful sometimes but not for everyone.
Maybe I focused on the game so much, I didn't know what to do next.
Of course this was uncomfortable but I had no choice but to endure it.
I remember the time when a doctor began putting in the
However, I don't rememeber anything after that.
Besides I don't have to pay any money to cut or parm my hair recently.
Of cource, juken has been gradually reviwed.
After cutting, I looked in the mirror and I liked my new hairstyle very much.
When I passed a park, I found that my shoe was loose and I sat on a white bench to tie the shoe.
After leaving the park, I walked on my way home.
However, many people just stared at me and laughed.
At that moment, I thought, ``What's wrong with me?``
Arriving home, I rushed to the mirror to look at my new hairstyle.
When my back was in front of the mirror, I saw my white strait on skirt and cloth.
I'm a student at the Hokkaido University in Japan.
I had a responsibility to win the prize this year.
Although main clients consist of office workers in their 30's and 40's, there are clients in their 50's and 60's who are regarded as the manly generation in Japan.
It would be quite embarrassing.
I breed many kinds of red-bee-shrimps and some betas.
Breeding is fun, but occasionally troublesome.
As you know I like breaded pork cutlet so I was cooking it before opening my computer and something happened to my fingers so I got my fingers burned.
Jesus why didn't you tell me about this terrible thing that is happening to me?
My friend tells me that I must decrease the amount amount of Pepsi that I drink
I decide to decrease the amount of Pepsi I drink
It's been a long time since I studied English. My friend Ming told me about this website so I came here. It's a good place for learning English, and I will come here when I am free.
So I need to stop writing.
So many things happened since I had left lang-8/ during my absence.
About 9 years have passed since I started studying English.
I'm frustrated with my lack of progress!
She has sacrificed so much for her children.
I used to have a dog whose name was Taro.
I'd like to get a dog.
If they had more momey, they would spend it on other things, such as playing games at the arcade, or going out at MacDonald's or Kentuky Fried Chicken.
I think children would be spoilt if they receive too much allowance from their parents so 10 dollars per week is enough.
But, I have to do homework X (
It's contents are secret.
Actully I was impressed by that.
He was wearing earphones (maybe listening to music like something with a strong dance beat) and he danced for almost 1 hour.
I seem to able to continue it, because it very delicious!!
I was asked ``May I make a character box meal for you?``
She said ``I` ll make pikachu box meal ``.
It will be a pleasure to eat that!
I feel my opinion is selfish...
haha Cause I never discussed it with my husband! (Husband to be.)
Are the following sentences gramatically correct?
The passing grade is 60 points, so I think I made the passing mark.
My English is so poor, but I must try to write something.
Spring Storm
All I have to do is keeps on learning it and I will speak almost perfectly someday.
At that moment, a professor, one of my male boss, suddenly came in and said, ``You are using blotting paper!`` He didn't mean that the lady should not use blotting paper in an official place.
He is very cute and smart person usually, but sometimes lacks in delicacy.
Maybe we women, also break guys hearts because of a lack for the male way of thinking
I think I was kind of pathetic because I had no strong feeling when I lost my lover.
Ginza line is good for them because it goes under a lot of tourist spots.
When you talk to someone directly, you can see right away if they don't understand you.
When you send an e-mail, the receiver may misinterpret what you want to say.
Actually, it is very useful and helps to save time but you should consider that the E-mail is a second best method of communication.
I work for an American IT company and our collegues like to send e-mails because there are time differences between the regions.
No one succeeds in Japan if they do not prefer the face-to-face meetings.
In summry, if you want to establish a relationship with another human being, the best way is talking face to face.
When you communicate directly, you can avoid misunderstandngs that may occur in writing.
Many peoples in other countries know this (fact),
Of course, we are the ringleader who experienced the terrible war called ``The Korean War``.
For a long time, women have had less opportunities to find a job in many areas.
Its all part of a field study being conducted by marine biologists Paul sickle (maybe?) and Donna Nimeth, whith funding from earthwatch institute.
but I have already watched them.
please call and send an e-mail or write a sentence..
Annual Meeting of residents 'association
I am not sure about my emotions.
Today is a bad day because I received a customer complaint...:(I just feel so much shame for our RD and assembly people.
Everytime they promise that they will pay more attention in order to prevent the problem happening but then... the problem always happens again.
When I was doing my military service, we were close to each other.
I have something I'm worried about...!!!!
I will stay up ALL NIGHT studying for my exam.
Because, when I'm 20 years old, I'll run to the USA, find myself a rich husband with a big house, an even bigger belly, and a small penis.
This is the last year I'm studying at school, or, more exactly, at the Lyceum of Physics and Mathematics, and I hope to find myself in some cool (or not) university by August.
Maybe I need more sleep or some exercise.
Today, I went to a drinking and eating place with my friends.
In English I can express everything using only 26 letters!
I am going to hold a drinking party with my co-workers next Friday.
Before that, I need to get my father's permission.
Unfortunately, when I finished speaking my first topic, then the teacher came to us and I felt nervous! Coincidentally, I had an unknown question which made me embarrassed.
I am always thinking about what makes a good speaker.
I like to play the guitar.
F-shaped hole guitar is often used for blues and jazz.
Some of the old guitars were coated in shellac varnish, it sounds very good.
I went to see the cherry blossoms at Yeido park last Monday.
It was my company anniversary.
It was a good atmosphere.
I feel I am gaining weight.
These days I think I ate too much so I am gaining weight.
So last year I experienced my first campus life!
At the beginning of the school year, I had almost no friends at the university.
From friends, family, friends in US, my host family and so on.
Those made me realize I have been supported by so many people!!!
And buy souvenirs and the like.
However, it's impossible to describe accurately the sense rooted in individual bodies by using our common sense.
I like to drink a cup of coffee wheni feel tired or want to sleep, especially after lunch!
November.
In my opinion, whether teaching the students who have already had plenty knowledge of English, or the children who have never experienced English before, the teacher should recognize the importance of teaching.
Even though they don't have the language environment to speak English, they can sing some English songs to review and strengthen their English.
My suggestion is that the teacher can teach some English songs which is related to the English lesson.
Yes, hindsight is 20/ 20.
The Art of Disney Gallery is held outside in Downtown Disney.
Today I'm going to tell you a very interesting story that belongs to the traditional/ folk literature of my little country.
In our country, there are a lot of ancient structures that were built before the Roman conquest.
They are called ``castros``, and it's said that they were built by an ancient culture, probably linked to the Celts.
There is only one small problem: if you try getting them, you could be buried alive and die in the depths of earth.
My favorite hobby is listening to music.
The legend of Saint George part-1
I was not interested in the topic because I have heard enough of that.
However an essay interested me.
However, If you don't exercise early day, you will not be healthy and after you grow up you can't even study or work at anoffiice.
So far, I've only watched about two movies a week because I don't have enough time.
Visiting America was very good.
There are many restaurants, stores, and the ocean.
The bay cruise around Alacatraz is good.
Boudin is a restaurant.
My recommendation is the clam chowder that comes in a bread bowl.
So you should go there, and you should take a taxi or tour bus.
If the weather is good, you can see beautiful streets, the bay, and the Golden Gate Bridge.
At both noon time and night time, it is very beautiful.
But the wind is strong there, so you should bring a parka.
So if you come San Francisco, you should bring a parka.
First we saw a big ship, we took photos, and we saw a fisherman at the beach.
I read ``Graded Readers``, Penguin Readers, Oxford Bookworm... and others.
You must feel uncomfortable.
On the second night, we took a walk around the souvenir quater (?) after having diner.
As a natural reflection, he looked around to find the culprit.
He was masculine and gittering during the wedding party.
I found the chocolate in a shop selling cubic rice crackers.
My hotel has 3 rooms for weddings, 3 rooms for parties, a Japanese restaurant, and a restaurant.
I haven't been to a foreign country, such a America.
I'm really eager to be good at English.
I look forward to meeting her because whenever we meet, she has grown.
I'm very bored with it because I'm very lazy but it's necessary to get my degree from university.
I played the guitar in a band at the time, and we copied their songs.
Some websites and someone told me that getting PR in this country is pretty difficult now except for special skill workers.
You guys must see my bright future there in silence.
I knew how fascinating the zoo could be from reading a relevant book, and I thought I wanted to go there if I had a chance.
Last night, in the
live house, I heard many people speaking different languages like English, French,
Alas, if only I had a good partner and a child.
As time went on, only a few people have remembered the campaign and people stopped continuing to quit smoking.
I recommend you to watch it.
It just looks like a cigarette case, so cool and kawaii (cute)!
Today, I cleaned my house with my wife.
I have liked English since I was young..
My friend recommended this homepage.
The people coming to the horse race were wearing far outclothes.
My friends told me he received some information from his manager thathorsenumber 5 will win.
As we watched the race, we were sure that number 5 horse would win.
My grandmother passed away 1 month ago, so we buried her under
I am now working for Au pair and exchange between Korean and American culture here.
This is my first diary entry on Lang-8.
I wonder what they are passionateabout..
It takes 8hours, more than three times longer than Shinkansen, from Osaka to Tokyo.
I don't know how long I will stay here, but everything seems gets better. I like the feeling now, because I can ask questions now, no matter how easy it is, I don't care, because I want to know the answer. It is the only way to grow up.
Now, my colleagues treat me well, and always answer my question, and I am trying to do everything perfect, so that they have no excuse to blame me.
Nice to meet you, everyone.
That is doing yourself; you don't need to care about others 'views.
I trust myself, I will realize my dreams, fighting!!
I spread cream Goma paste on my bread.
Here's the website:
Meeting Grandma and Grandpa!!!
Their relationships are always changing, so it is interesting for me.
I'm still a beginner.
Facebook wasn't so major in Japan until last year though so many people use it all over the world.
Nowadays, Facebook is getting larger and larger in Japan because of the movie 'Social Network' which is showing now.
From a Japanese historical standpoint, however, this idea is the other way around because it was harder for Japan to watch and protect against invasions.
It has Swarovski's crystals on its stainless belt and face.
Moreover it was rainy in the afternoon.
so we couldn't make any food or take showers during the last three days.
80% of Japanese boys talk to others with humility and the rest of the 20%, are totally insolent like kids.
How about the boys in your country?
So I've been studying hard lately
When my English becomes better, I'll help my other friends
So, I began to go to an English conversation class recently.
and it will be understood to everyone reading my diary easily.
When I have increased stress, I usually didn't sleep well.
She also mentioned the point that she had kept complaining about it for more than 20 years.
A lot of people are crying and cannot have met their family and friends.
I will check about the South Korea and hokkaido, I want to fly immediately.
I know that you are a very busy person and, perhaps, you will not be able to answer me,
I have learned English for eight years.
It's spring now, I may need to start thinking about my future.
I want to learn English becase I am very interested in English culture, people, cities, and more.
Also, I have problems with articles, prepositions and more!
Recently I've been trying to read English newspapers.
Terms are not easy.
Sentence structures are not familiar to me.
A major cause of the misperception, though, is President Lee's sagging popularity.
How different are these?
The primary footprint is a measure of our direct emissions of CO2 from the burning of fossil fuels including domestic energy consumption and transportation. We have direct control of 'these'.
The seaside is my running course.
These days, candidates can hardly work as a full time employee.
I'm trying to decide which would be a good gift for Mother's Day.
At the same time, I am learning Japanese as well, in this case, it makes my English become worse.... I don't have much time to use English in my daily life.
I hope I can improve my English writing ability.
My husband and I went to see a movie.
Before the movie, I went to a department store and bought a pretty ring.
We hadn't expected the movie to be good.
The architecture of the buildings such as palaces, theaters, museums were really wonderful.
The color of the river water was not blue although the river is famous as ``The Blue Danube``.
I slept during the reading section and lost about 100 points more than the (listening) section.
I found this website from my English club a minute ago.
I want to meet you guys, whoever you are.
I will buy more of it later.
So when I was listening to a song on TV she suggested to give some Persian songs to Farsi learners.
After the women in my family made many of the dishes like the meats, rice cake, fruits, grilled fish, Korean traditional fan-fried cakes and the boiled potherbs, we knelt down to make deep bow with the Korean traditional alcohol before a picture of my father's face.
I currently live in Japan but I'll be moving to London to study web design next month.
I play piano too, of course, as an amateur.
It has been a long time since I've written a diary, so I wanna write about some things that happened recently/ in the last few days.
It is so good because I was looking for a job in which I could use my Portuguese skills, and this job is perfect!
To tell the truth, I am not sure that I could do it perfectly, but I will try hard!
London is my favorite city because there the old buildings and new buildings coexist.
If every day passed more quickly, I could leave for there right away!
his face, characteristics, his way of speaking, haha.
Just Beginning my Journal
I'm beginning my journal today.
Because I haven't seen them in a long time, I am looking forward to meeting them again.
And I'll watch ``WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS`` starring Cameron Diaz.
I am afraid to take the Listening Course.
I was so sad and kept crying.
Also I liked Penelope Cruz.
It's a really useful leg!
I like Udon.
It's really difficult to think of it because he's straight.
Of_ course, students are really looking forward to travel and they want to bring enough snacks to spend wonderful teatimes with their friends.
(Of_ course, there are not any cooling appliances in the institution)
I like to speak English.
Today, I took the ANA employment exam at Haneda airport.
The test required the ability to cope with a lot of different information at one time, and that determined whether you passed or failed.
and it itches.
TEN MOSQUITO SPOTS/ BITES
I 'VE HAD ENOUGH!!!!
In body pump, we use dumbbells like attached picture.
Right now I can't speak, write or understand English.
The man seeing with true eyes didn't compare King Solomon and a field lily.
That was thoroughly thrilling to me.
Sometime ago, I opened a little business with my friends.
That's why my business is related to computers.
I love science too, but not as much as I love computers and Google:) I've been married for over two years.
I love my wife more than all of my computers, open source, science, and even Google:)
I'm happy because it was the fourth time that I have taken the exam.
I am also glad because I found this wesite for learning English.
I, of course, will also help you with Polish.
But the foggy and cloudy weather make the city blue.
Would you check my letter?)* please*
JOHN (Black Labrador Retriever) and Ryu (Dachshund).
When we walked along the river near the house, we saw so many fireflies around.
I have something to doin Korea, officially and personally.
I bought the flight tickets and bus tickets to the airport.
It made me feel tired.
Of course we can talk via the internet.
I am so tired.
That exam had some strange questions.
How many aboriginal tribes are there in Taiwan?
It's the easiest subject.
But I don't think easy questions are good.
I have been studying English for 7 years.
I want to be careful of ``May disease``.
I've been studying English because I like English and I want to communicate with local people.
I'm going to Australia for my working holiday this August.
I like trips and cultural exchange and volunteer work for handicapped children.
If someone interested the journal, please correct my sentences!! Thank U.
(The photo means I love U in sign language.)
I came here without a driver's license, cash, and credit cards.
Jewellery label CHIMASKI
I decided towritean English diary entry every day and I'll study English hard this year.
Accccchoooo!
I am planning to go abroad in about one year to study fashion design in England or France.
I'm thinking of entering fashion college or working as an assistant designer using the working holiday visa.
furnished private room with a fridge
landlady, shower, and bicycle parking is free.
4 minutes away from the nearest subway station.
from 90000 yen per month for at least a 3 month contract, and a deposit of 50000yen.
They have colorful coats, tops and pumps.
I like spring because it is colorful and comfortable.
My son had a sore throat and diarrhea the day before yesterday.
I was standing up late and chatting with my friend Keita on Facebook, so I wanted to sleep a little longer.
Breakfast was already ready by my mother.
After I ate/ had it, I took my pyjamas off and took my clothes on.
It's like Ninja.
but their first meeting was a bad one.
I experienced an unforgettable interview and the outcome was unbelievable.
So when they asked me about my english I answered honestly with 'My english is poor.' For the next few moments there silence and afterwards the interview finished quickly.
When I received the offer my classmates said to me 'Honesty is a virtue'.
I am used to Imari, but I am a beginner of Kutani.
Yesterday, I talked to my former colleague working with me when we worked part time in a theater on phone.
If someone make stupid and awkward mistakes, she will blame her or him very severely.
This activity seems to be fun but actually, it is a kind of task because we are learning how to write ``compare/ contust`` structures. After watching the movie, we have to write about the movie by using ``compare and contrast``.
It's my first time writing a diary entry here;)
Yesterday I went to Shinjukugyoen with David.
I like Spring the most out of the 4 seasons;)
Doraemon is a Japanese comic, but the comic that I bought is written in English.
People tend to examine correctness repeatedly when it comes to observation.
Those observations which can withstand examining results can be considered as objective or nearly objective.
Recently, everyday it's raining.
When I was fourteen years old, a new boy was in my class.
My heart was badly broken.
Always be positive.
``The shoe thrower``?
Today I found this homepage and registered immediately.
I came here to print some paper because at my house I don't have a printer.
The keyboard here is not soft like the one at my house.
Well, another reason that my keyboard is soft is because I have been using it every day,
Sometimes I like to type more than using a microphone because actually when I speak, I think in Thai before speaking in English and I don't like it..
But that does not help me because when I type I always make mistakes in English.
By the way, I'm falling asleep right now. Last night I tried to read poems. I had never done so before. It was my first time. I am really excited. I just realized that it is an awesome way to study English.
I was in my office in Tokyo when the earthquake occured.
Although I have already studied English for six years in middle school, my speaking and listening are still terrible.
My husband cooked a beef steak and some pasta for me.
Edinburgh is the capital of Scotland.
Even though most employees are Japanese, some should sent emails to their bosses and I have the opportunity to see such emails sometimes.
I ate lunch with elementary school students and educated them about food.
Or present temperature is higher than annual.
I am studying English very hard.
When I went for a walk, I passed a little restaurant.
In front of the shop, there was an air conditioner blowing quite a hot wind.
I went to university for a club activity.
I'll go shopping tomorrow:)
I am in Australia working on the holiday at the moment.
But after now.....
Yesterday, I was just studding for my exam had a looked at my window and there was a spider..
I think that the king was weird, but I know, it's funny to be inspirated with such a small thing.
As for the article and the Hague Convention, I had discussed it with two of my friends from the UK before I posted it.
I want to learn English, but I cannot find any people to study with, so I have not study it for a long time. However, when I suddenly find Lang-8, in which I can find people all over the world that I can study with, I'm happy, because I can study English again.
To be like everyone else is like being nobody or something.
The thing is that I have to write something, even if it's utter nonsense.
Vomiting, diarrhoea, the appearance of UFOs, or fits of sexual neurosis...
I thought I would make a special lunch for him.
I'm staying with my host family now.
So I can't decide yet.
I had never been in sales so I'm feeling frustrated nowadays.
chewing gum dates back to the ancient Greeks who chewed resin from trees.
Modern chewing gum was patented in the US in 1869 by, believe or not, a dentist. In 1928, another American invented bubble gum.
Bubble gum comes in gumballs of all colors and sizes, but for blowing bubbles, nothing beats the chewy, gooey pink stuff in the twist wrap.
I speak Japanese only.
I will appreciate it if you check this.
long time no see
I was busy for a long time.
He is a doctor.
He said that he wanted to be a doctor ever since he was a child.
But tomorrow I'm going to follow the schedule I made.
It includes studying English and finishing my college's assignments.
Anyway, I hope I can use English like people who are working in foreign countries.
Maybe it is written in Japanese, so we cannot see it in foreign countries
Olympic Games 2
I hope it comes true,.
Most young people live in urban areas to work.
I will write a diary starting today.
I hope to build a new business to change the world.
I wrote ``Momotarou`` again after a long time.
After a while Momotarou and the dog walked away.
The monkey was pleased, and followed Momotarou.
I'm considering to introduce my country.
Russia and the United States have completed the largest spy exchange since the Cold War.
I feel it is amazing that Russia and the United States still engage in espionage to steal military secrets.
Will they also be taken to Russia?
Their son and daughter are pitiful, too.
Loving someone is brilliant magic!
Ergonomics and style were all considered as much as possible.
So I poured some syrup on my Caramel Frappuccino.
Shunsuke Nakamura is my favorite football player.
His free kick was amazing.
The Japan football league is still at middle level in the world.
I will try to keep a diary from now on.
Please help me, and together we can happily learn languages
I don't like vegetables, but today's soup was delicious!!
Because it was rainy.
I thought ``he already an adult``.......
When I was a child, I played soccer and then after enrolling in junior high school, I played basketball.
For example, although boxing or Karate looks so painful, it looks so fun to me!
I've been healthy since I was younger, so I answered ``It can't hurt.``
The temperature is moderate.
it's the first time I am using the internet at home since my return.
And more unfortunately, I lost my cellphone and some money when i
No wonder my right eye kept twitching when
However I was disappointed at the dishes in a certain scene in the film.
I think the Japanese way of life is better than before.
This morning, I saw a group of swans. Its around 3 hundreds.
Since then, I have been determined to succeed
Because I also have a moustache and a beard.
I have German text books 'cause I bought them yesterday.
yesterday I decided to learn German 'cause speaking German is really cool.
For a long time, I have been dissatisfied with my English ability (especially writing), and I have been seeking a good way to study English.
You might really want to escape from the loop and proceed to 2pm, 3pm, the next day, and so on, because we all need the future.
In particular, the variety programs are interesting.
It rained hard, so we were wet when we finished the rite and went to a nearby restaurant.
Sometimes we all ask ourselves ``When will the day be that we accomplish it?``
But we enjoy the access to our life's trip. (?)
What the above means is that if you wanna grab something, you must pay its equal in efforts.
I hope my dream will come true.
Of course it is one of the principle of human life but I think that it is not good.
Especially in my high-school, I strongly remember that is the best exercise.
Just now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens 'book' A tale of two cities 'and maybe later I'll write an entry about the book.
The procedure was that preschoolers joined the kindergarteners and had a lesson with them.
The kindergarteners were so friendly and cute.
Maybe it's the most uncertain time in my life, but I'll make myself tougher and tougher to overcome all the difficulties.
It has a picture of some women who lives in Africa.
There are some things on their heads (or top?) like fruits or vegetables and they look so happy.
The main color is a sunset color and it's so beautiful.
It was just serving in an italian restaurant.
Originally, I wanted to work in pub in Itaewone that is located in Korea. Many foreigners hang out their with their friends.
Frankly speaking, I expected that there are many beautiful woman.
But I was disappointed.
I have just started study for IELTS.
One of elderly men said ``There is something under the machine.``
It's awesome, but I think they will not be accepted in Japan largely....
Too punk and a little abnormal.
Still, by looking at stars and examining them, it was discovered that stars emit light which reaches the Earth in even intervals.
Japan may never have a better opportunity to bring Asiaa better opportunity to bring Asia's woeful World Cup record against South American opposition to the third round today.
Of course we are happy that we went through the second round.
I am excited third game!!!
After that I left the house and went to the place of employment.
I wanted to go to drink a coffee but Timo told me that they had drank a tea before I arrived.
The Alchemist is about a young shephard who was curious about his future. He follows his dreams and the signs telling him the directions where he should go, and he finally reaches his goal and finds out what he wants.
At that time, we cook rice with red beans and serve it.
Once I start to write an entry in my diary, I can't stop writing by the proper volume.
I've become talkative on this site.
I want to correct them, but I don't have enough time.
I know that there are better correcters than I.
Today is Wednesday, February the second.
I admit I'm spoiled.
I have had it, which was sold packed in a pet bottle, once in an oversea country.
I couldn't stop laughing that ``Dairy`` means milk or cheese in English.
It has been a week since the earthquake occurred.
It has a softness and springiness against the teeth.
so I'll make an effort to study English.
I like Saturday very much,
and I can oversleep in the morning.
and I went to the library.
Good evening people, I am Lucia, I come from Italy, I am an Italian student at the academy of art in Frosinone...
Hello,
I am a university student.
To acquire more English skill
For 3 or 4 hours and more we'd better watch English movies or TV programs or listening to English CDs without Japanese information, any subtitles Or japanese pronunciations.
It's a famous movie and I enjoyed it, but the dialogue and monologue I could understand was 1/ 10 of whole movie
With the information for eyes (not subtitles but images), I managed to enjoyed it though
There was a writing class today.
I chose it for this semester because I want to write better.
Then we, for example, changed from the following sentence.
I managed to get through the day.
We could spend 100en for each special curried bread, yakisoba, oyaki and sausage.
Voice blog can make your account and create your voice blog.
However, I do not know about my neighborhood, so I have no idea about where I should take them.
It said that there are items that were not paid for.
Favorites& interests: snowboarding, reading books, cooking, comics, video games (Final Fantasy)
I think it's better to simply say that the word is unknown when it's not in the dictionary, but it seems there's no way to change the setting.
It's already Wednesday,
However, whenever I travel abroad, I always run into trouble making an itinerary
Anyway, I'm looking forward to traveling to Japan ~!
They'll visit the elementary school next month.
Even now, radiation has been leaking from the nuclear plants.
I felt relieved by their optimistic attitude.
The snow is melting into water. Only one t.
Sprouts are smiling under the sun.
Everything is running with the time.
Everywhere you go, you can see them celebrating.
Because it is the spring festival in china.
My hope is that my writing can blossom like the flowers during spring.
But I haven't started doing new things yet.
He caught my fancy when I saw him in the Harry Potter film in the role of Cedric Diggory.
I like to listen music and play badminton when I am free.
I study English.
New hairstyle
I wanted to change my hairstyle long long ago, but I was afraid to do it. this time I was determined to change.
After three hours, my straight hair disappeared.
``Your new hairstyle looks very good`` my friends always say.
Finally I want to speak correctly when communicating orally.
After eating, we played MARIO BROTHERS on the Wii.
Now it just gives me a chance to reunite with myparents.
And it will be a tiring trip.
Dear Johnny,
Long time, no writing!
But four days have passed, now I'm getting bored, I have no more interest in reading books.
The weather is so good, why can I only stay at the house, I'm freaking out because of this kind of life.
So I decided to go out, even though I have no idea what to do, I just want to go out, and have some sunshine!
She would need treatment in a hospital for at least a month.
As a result, I couldn't win the prize, however, the members of the team all said that they were satisfied with the team-management and presentation. That enforced my confidence of my growth.
I have been learning. English is very difficult.
Grammar is different with Japanese. It takes time to write even a short sentence.
Today, the weather is pretty hot.
Submerge yourself.
what I really want to be...
employee?
self employed?
I don't remember words and grammar.
He was a very kind and friendly person and gave us lots of information about Fukui.
Chinese are very diligent so there are nothing people to sleep.?
At present, my daughter and wife live there
We met 3 times, and I took Kelvin to Moscow.
Yesterday, my sister was admitted to Si Chuan university!
In the afternoon, my sister told me a small sercret, that she has a boy friend.
he has been in Japan when I was junior high school student.
always confused
I am very sleepy now and don't feel so well because I wrote an English essay at 4 o 'clock in the morning.
special day!?
I tried donating blood before, but that day I could not because I was in bad condition.
The Nurse said I could donate blood today, also she said her name was the same as mine.
After donating, I really wanted to buy cookies for my family and friends.
So I got in a line to buy famous cookies.
I couldn't remember what had happened,
Finally, I got cookies.
I know that the war is cruel.
It is said that almost all Japanese like cherry blossom, they feel transience there.
I watched the Olympics on television.
MY ANSWER:
It's as if I had discourse with myself or with something that creates and manipulates me.
So I decided to write even if nobody reads it.
On the other hand, it is likely that I've unloaded a burden from my shoulders because I have a feeling that I am incapable of treasuring the corrections I've been given.
solar energy
Happy Hew Year!
I want to watch a baseball game, but there isn't a game tomorrow.
Anyway I'd like to make more experiences.
It 'sThis is my first post, you know, and my 91st attempt at learning English!
My summer vacation will start tomorrow!:) yay
It's hard to to learn other langages, but if I can, it'll be interesting!
Actually, I had difficulty choosing this one because there was another cool red one.
I think my English will become better and better. One day just like some other people whose English is not very good at first, but later after all the hard work they succeed. I used to pratice my oral English because I think English is a tool to communicate with others. If you can't speak English smoothly, how can you communicate effectively?
When I watch other people speak English to foreigners I really admire them. My dream is to talk with foreigners in English one day, so I hope there are some people who would like to talk with me and help me improve my English.
because the weather is good.
Human beings have four main kinds of desires. These are called greed, rivalry, vanity and love of power.
I also use some frozen meals.
I can't keep my balance
Actually I messed up my balance and tumbled off the ball = <
We were able to see beautiful beaches, but were also able to see many cargo boats around 3 kilometers offshore as well.
in order to kill time, I might as well browse some boring news on the discussion forum, but I know it is not the life I want to live.
Fortunately, I was not harmed by the earthquake.
I can't get over just writing such a nasty journal entry.
Furthermore, he waits until I find my cellular phone in my bag.
If I were god, I would definitely punish him for his laziness.
But when I started talking, nobody responded to what I said.
So my topic didn't make sense.
Therefore I think we have to do something to fix nature. (sounds more natural)
When I hammer nails, it is sooooo noisy!!
I quit using nails to avoid complaint from neighbors and went to the DIY shop to buy screws.
with my daughter
(A) Whether the pay is high or low, it is very important to take the most suitable job for you.
My question is, if you can tell what will happen in 30 minutes, or if you can read what people are thinking, then what would you like to do?
My ansewer is perhaps not appropriate for the question.
I only want a little bit of these abilities because if I can predict everything in the world and others do the same, the place we are living will become so boring and our eagerness for learning will disappear.
So I always search for a native English speaker who is studying Japanese.
I always send a message like the one below this sentence when I want to be friends.
~ below, I send a useful sentence ~
forgetting about the irritating hot climate (temperatures).
Back to the subject, I knew him from QQ, then we met on 17th Nov, and then I became his girlfriend.
TheSakura festival started last week.
I would upload a few pictures I took today.
In Japan, we can see a rabbit on the moon.
So, depression is hitting our dept.
Hello there.
I'm studying polymer chemistry.
One foreign language sounds different from another.
But it was a controversial thing!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN
So I can I provide anime style character designs to people from all over the world.
They both felt that it was destiny then.
We learn new words everyday, take classe during summer and winter vacations, reading newspapers and magazines every week.
And it seems that we learn too much grammar in school.
Because the purpose (goal) of learning a language is to communicate with the others.
To learn a foreign language, we should try to speak it as more as we can, And in my opinion, a test will push us speaking more and seak better.
Europe countries are near each other.
I might not be able to receive pension for about 10 months in the future because I forgot to pay 10 months 'worth of payment...
However, since most Japanese go to university and start working at about 22-24 years old, the Social Insurance Agency made a system in which we can hold off the payment until we graduate from school.
To be honest, although I like studying English, I don't think this will help.
Maybe, men are more apt in remembering their ex-girlfriends and comparing a new one with their past girlfriends than women are.
So, it would seem, too, that men tend to be romanticists more than women who tend to look at reality and security.
I like him because he is plugged in.
Besides, as a partner in the intern program, we usually come up with a game plan to meet our goals.
That's why it surpirsed me very much that he went for broke on those work, especially on selling the product.
I always wear my hair near my chin and now I have decided to wait and do something different.
I introduced the interesting
Kobe has many nice cafes.
And I really like to play football.
Today, the weather was fair until noon.
I was able to hold the alumni reunion of Seoul Pyeongwha Elementary School for all graduates at the playground of my school on February 5, 2008 at 6 PM.
And these days I'm trying to convert my Korean version mini homepage into an English version one so that foreigners can stop by my homepage.
This event is hold once every three years in Yokohama city. I went to it three years ago. Back then, the artist was also young, and their creation had a wild imagination.
Thank you for reading my diary.
I woke up so late because I watched a film called 'NANA' until the early hours of the morning.
The continuation of the film (NANA 2) has been published.
However, the former one is excellent!
I hope everything will be fine!
so, we were hanging out till night, so l my legs hurt from all that walking.
Her's parents were very tender/ nice when I visited their home.
I drank a lot of alcohol last night.
Last tuesday, I went to an ``English conversation bar`` on my way home.
I could see only regular customers at first, but
welcome to Taiwan.
Japan won't be able to keep up with the American economy forever. (We thought that ``someday we will get ahead of America`` until 1995.)
Sometimes the American government has conferences with aliens in secret.
American tornados are also American size. (Sometimes tornados appear in Japan, but most tornados are generally small.
When we first see American tornados on TV, we are surprised at how big they are.)
Why don't you listento the song??
column of the newspaper.
Recently I've mostly been going to the library to study English!
I like working at restaurants except my shirt, pants and hair/ hat [?] smell of oil after work.
It smells delicious, but I need to take a shower after working at the restaurant.
Afterward, I watched Ryoma-den, which is a Japanese historical drama starring Mr.
The following URL is my pronunciation practice reading the same sentences as# 1.
but my favourite group is Placebo.
I hope that you'll understand my text))
A MacDonald's hamburger is also 105 yen!
So cheap sushi and a hamburger are the same price.
Hello, Lang-8 friends!
But I can't decide the colour.
Through that time I had worked as a soccer player at my elementary
I must be behind the times.
In my opinion, every student is studying the same topics in high school, but we have more spare time in college, so, many of the other students
Firstly, we can make friends. Friends will help you when you are in trouble. Secondly, we can do what we love. For example, playing guitar,
First, I like to travel abroad and most of the countries I want to visit are English speaking countries.
I ordered 'Oroshi Tempura Udon' which was cold udon with tempura and grated Japanese radish.
To tell more in detail, each noodle was chewy, and soup wasn't too concentrated, and tempura taste matched to noodle and soup.
Now they are pretty and green. I think your country is also pretty and green since it is spring.
I need to buy something special for her to congratulate her birthday, but I do not know what to give her.
There are many visitors from foreign countries and workers, too.
So I started to learn English.
The Futenma American military base, corruption of many politicians and so on.
Then I find myself being into new services and gadgets and think like this:
I can draw and I think that it can help me.
When I was young I liked colas, sodas and sweet drinks.
When someone kindly correct my text, I feel happy.
Usually, we congratulate on special days like a birthday, St.
However, I like congratulate on ordinary day.
If I congratulate on normal days, I can get a small reward confidentially.
However the difference between this book and other traditonal English word books is that it tells you how to use the root of words to remember words.
I looked for sports wear in there.
Possibly, that post may leave the impression that I want to bring attention to myself or hear some praise.
I'm nervous that I can talk well.
I want many users to edit my writing.
Models who are always under much pressure to lose weight should have psychological mentors who can give them real advice.
This system can be preperation for students with specific areas of study that they are going to choose in the future.
If they become Sekitori, a sumo wrestler of the rank of Juryu or above, they can get at least a 12000000/ year salary, but if their status is lower than sekitori, they only get 1000000/ year.
In order to keep Sekitori, they must win at least 8 bouts out of 15 bouts in a tournament.
They have 6 tournaments a year.
In my opinion, thered roses and chicks do not match.
I didn't think that the chick was cute or pretty, also I never wanted to touch it, but it looked like cotton candy.
She knows how to teach, and how to inspire the students to speak out.
They are Japanese singers.
When I watched The World Cup, I was impressed by his play!
Hello!!!
Anyway, I recieved a pepero from my boyfriend.
It was not costly, just 700yen per adult. (without optional services)
Almost every town in Japan have this kind of bathhouse.
It is just 4 degrees Celsius.
I hope that tomorrow will be nicer and I could go play basketball or something else.
This means I will choose a college and decide my future job.
I learned how to use the word ``rain`` in junior high school as follows;-
Bullets came raining down.
If succeed, I could apply for a full scholarship from NUS so that I don't need the financial aid from my parents coz the overall tuition fee each year is a little of a burden to them.
``I talked to the fragile girl beaten by tension,`` Now you've nothing but courage and diligence, DON 'T LET ME DOWN!``
So I have been thinking people from the east coast pronounce the T.
On the other hand, others pronounce it ``b-I-hind``.
Today I want to tell you about ``Buttery Thursday`` or ``Pancake Day.``
At a certain time of year, we have Buttery Thursday when everyone eats doughnuts as many as he wants (see the pic above).
Although we normally eat two doughnuts, one of my coworkers has eaten 14 doughnuts today.
How should I deal with it because I don't like to drink?
For example, they carried our baggage all the time, they opened any doors for us, and they served food to our plates at restaurants while we were eating.
Is that because Hong Kong was colonized by England for a long time?
Oriental and Western cultures are mixed together in Hong Kong's multicultural society.
One was working for a restaurant.
I have worked there since I entered the university.
Before the wedding in my own country, the bride and groom can't see each other until the wedding day because the bride is busy with her ``Henna Day``.
Because it's been raining for 5 weeks, I've been playing soccer in the rain.
Landmark tower, concert halls, harbor, foreign residences, a big shopping mall and so on.
That's why today's short trip to Yokohama felt a little bit heavy.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
I like the sound of the guitar as well as the ukulele very much.
On my last journal entry, a friend of mine told me about a Hawaii podcast.
While I was browsing the site and listening to the podcast, I felt like listening to Hawaii-ish music.
Speaking of Hawaii, I think of the ukulele.
Actually, I play the guitar, too.
Although I'm still not very good at it, I always enjoy playing the guitar and singing out loud!
Please teach me accounting ^ ^
I think it is a very beautiful country.
I feel that I've wasted so much time trying to show what a smart and cool guy I was, that when it's time to graduate, I find that neither my special view on physics nor my acting (?) can help with my job hunting, which is the real-life.
There are at least 3 choices I could choose. But I don't think more choices or more chances would economically mean much (?). Whichever choice I ultimately make, the cost will be huge.
My roommate has been focusing on only one thing--succeeding in Java at the job fair.
She ate five and she said, ``Papa, let's go to sleep.
I am accustomed to work.
This word is very familiar to me.
``I suppose.
``Okan, I'm hungry! (<---This word really looks childish;;)``
I am laughing now that I have remembered these scenes...:-)
I am altogether like their moms!
Anyway, I am really worried about the people who suffered from the earthquake and the tsunami in the Tohoku area.
I am very embarrassed by my weak ability.
He added that he would just sit back and drink beer on a small island, sometimes catch fish on the beautiful crystal-clear ocean.
And I love cold weather!
And then, I found a small advertisement in the newspaper.
I have had experience only in desk work and as a clerk of a pet shop.
Today is me with my two cute colleague's dating,
It gives very good income.
But I have had no response yet.
Lying sleeplessly on my bed, I thought that we shouldn't just say yes to everything we encounter.
Her Hoiku-en (nursely school?) class is having a field trip today.
It's just an attempt to determine whether I can finish a website made in Flash.
Actually, things have been OK.
Well, it's such a simple website that you cannot even contact me here.
I wanna recommend the American drama 'Glee'. Please correct my writing...
It's healthy.
basically I do not have much time to do things totally unrelated to my english test such as dancing, but I just love it so much.
In the beginning I studied dancing just for lose losing weight.
If I go to the gym, there are not much choices for me-running, yoga or some muscle fitness equipment.
my body is more powerful and flexible now, but it is not good enough.
My mother language is Korean; which the order is totally upside down, compared with English.
My refrigerator still works, but I bought new one because the electric bill is too expensive.
Even though the weather wasn't good, it was rainy,
I would love someone to correct my writing.
Of course I can help you with Japanese if you want.
Feel free to contact me if you are interested in me and want to have fun.
So you absolutly can't go to an internet bar and get on the internet.
Don't worry, you will be able to at a hotel or your friend's home,
Do some foreign people think that inviting a girl to a boy's home in the early period of their relationship is normal for understanding each other deeply?
On the contrary, in my opinion, Japanese tend to view it as an official date for introducing family members or a greeting in anticipation of marriage.
Two men were climbing the winter moutain.
English performance test. (My First Impression of Anyang Girls 'High School.)
While I distributed the fliers, one of the people that I handed a flier to read it and said ``I am going to get a massage, do you want to go with me?``
So, many teenagers, including me, were very sad and some of them followed him and committed suicide.
Since Lang-8 uses the HTTP user-agent of each device to choose the appropriate page template, mobile devices that are not on our ``white list`` will show Lang-8 for PC.
We have an alternative option for those Cookie-disabled mobiles to use Lang-8 without Cookie-based sessions.
My favorites are professional worker's stories, mysteries, fairy tales, science fiction, historical fictions and so on.
Thank you so much for your patience to read it until the end.
After May 3rd, we usually revert the prince and princess dolls like the picture above.
I make it a rule to read English books at Starbucks near my condo every Saturday morning.
Recently, when I try writing this, I always get sleepy.
But I have not received the item yet due to lack of stock.
Last night, I walked to the park near my company with my partner after dinner. There were many people in the park, such as young boys, young girls, old women, old men and many lovely children.
Some young boys were playing basketball, some young girls were listening modern songs and many of the old women were dancing.
because I couldn't go to work.
This poster was announced for Gunma prefecture.
When I watched the poster, my nervousness went away.
I always get up at 8 o 'clock, and leave home at half past eight.
It is much better than Japanese one, because every cage is much bigger than the Japanese one so that every animal looks good, and we can see their natural movements a lot.
When I think about relationships, I am really awkward at this age.
We went to a public photo gallery.
My son also enjoyed himself.
but, as time waits for no one, then could you wait for me in the future?
youtube seems to be forbidden again in China
it seems that a lot of people have the same problem, and not because it is a network problem, it is political problem.
The Exhausted Traveler.
One night, two travelers were walking down the road.
Today I went to a English club because I want to learn english.
My youngest daughter has had a practical period in Spain.
For example, beach volleyball, aerobics in the swimming pool, dancing with the childeren and so much more.
These comments hit my heart deeply.
They do not value that time.
We can learn what we love and learn about modern society.
Don `t be on a computer all the time.
I have a train passport case which have used since I was a junior high-school student.
According to what the man at the used furniture store said, there was nothing worth buying among my belongings.
Many people buy and sell ``doujinshi`` (= fan books) about Japanese ``anime``, ``manga`` and other characters.
In this summer, the best selling ``doujinshi`` genre was ``Madoka-Magica: the magic girls``, I think.
Twitter, Facebook, Lang-8... I'm happy to meet a lot of nice and kind people. ^_ ^
Because I don't understand how to use vocabulary and grammar.
For example, allow and permit have the same meaning in Japanese.
I don't know how to use allow and permit in a situation.
I like to drink red wine and beer, and so do my friends.
But still I like to go out with my colleagues or my friend to a bar.
I really want to know how other people
get along with their lovers who have different who has habits or thoughts.
I'm graduating from college
teacher teacher teacher:D
speaking class
I couldn't complete everything, because I didn't have enough time
Today it was a national holiday in Japan.
I am crazy about DIY these days.
It's my first day on the Lang-8!
Still I don't know what will happen after updating daily.
But I'm excited to connect with someone and support each others improvement in not only language butin cultural differences
Today, I watched two animes. I watched A Whisper of the Heart and A Mononoke Princess by Hayao Miyazaki all day at home for the first time in a long time.
I especially like Whisper of The Heart, out of the many movies that he created.
but usually we can't see their shows very often in Japan.
(My teacher told me to read a script, this is a scene in the play)
I live in Japan.
The summer seminar at my juku school starts today.
Two main popular actors spoken English never sounded fast.
My grandpa was a widower since he was young.
I am sure I want to learn. I borrow a course book from the library but I eaisly get discouraged as t learning foriegn languages is a hard and tough challenge.
I always want to achieve the expected result, and I try to do it.
I don't know when he will see my request.
If you can see this diary please help me find some grammar errors or other mistakes.
I am learning English and like Japanese, if you are Japanese I am also very glad to be friends with you.
One day my daughter said to me.
In yesterday's class, I learned the word, ``guinea pig.``
I couldn't understand what she said.
Unfortunately I'm not in charge of the assignment, so I didn't know what was going on between my boss and the client.
The author believes that....
In the above passage, the author believes that eating fast food causes children to become overweight.
I'm sorry to say this, but the weather forecast says that the next day is going to be rainy, too.
It's already the 5th!
Today, I held a takoyaki party at my house.
Travel to Mexico
I reserved a hotel room and booked air tickets on the internet.
I want to enjoy snorkelling in the Carribean Sea.
A Difficult Sentence
Look at photo 1, the handbags were made by hand.
The TV said, the chance of rain is 20%.
The native speakers are talking very quickly so I have to listen 5 or 6 times to understand what they are talking about but it is interesting.
Do you have any recommendations?
I talked with 2 native speakers in English at the camp last weekend.
She is a friend of the English Speaking Society members.
Recently I have been very busy..
There were a lot of people who came from abroad there.
I haveto make an effort to study English more!
One day, one of my friends said, ``Actually, I don't understand what other Japanese students say in English, but your English is really good.``
The meeting was supposed to be held yesterday afternoon
hi, everybody
thanks for everyone who revised my compositions...
My homegrown veggies.
Well, this is not my first attempt at growing homegrown organic veggies.
I grew some good homegrown organic veggies.
Now I know that it's really difficult to make homegrown organic veggies.
A-bomb Memorial Dome is near the Peace Memorial Park.
I would appreciate it if you corrected it.
I can't express my thoughts clearly, but I trust that I will speak fluently in the near future.
Actually, all of the classes were in English, because the teacher was a foreigner.
I didn't have much money but I wanted to buy new furniture.
I am not good at speaking, writing, or listening to English.
I'm developing new materials for energy devices such as batteries and capacitors.
According to the news, recently, there have been situations where separatists used sharp objects to attack residents in Xinjiang, China.
In summer I usually go for a walk with my friends, read books, many practise music and travel all over Moscow.
It `s a very beautiful manor which is erected by Bajenov and Kazakov in honor of Ekaterina the II!
So recently I've started gaining weight.
I decided to eat to healthy food, to eat less and to exercise.
I'm bored to death!!
I downloadedsome of theses from authoritative periodical databases.
``You will pass through a dark tunnel; meanwhile, you feel helpless, scared, distressed, and feeling negative.
Then they become two best friends again.
Today is
It has been getting cold recently.
First, the financial section is essential for running a company
It was great.
The Lion Dance is a very popular dance during New Year's celebration in China.
Anyway, she followed me today.
Japanese and logic
the first, I had extended my visa for August, but I haven't got it until now....
How do you think?
Unfortunately American Football is not popular in Japan partly because the rules are too complicated for people. Mainly, because the players are not very famous in Japan.
As everyone knows the popular sports have many fans, especially children.
Basketball is also not a popular sport.
I heard that flag football would be treated (?) as a curriculum at the elementary school.
but the forecast is saying that the rainy weather will continue for several days...
Rakugo is traditional comic storytelling.
Tiger and Dragon was made by Kudo Kankuro.
They were over my shoulder in height.
However, the temperature of water was cold.
Now, I have an aversion to writing correct grammar, but I can read and write in English a little.
It's difficult but I like to exchange letters and converse in English!
By the way, is it possible to send an email containing pictograms to a foreign country?
Our electricity will be powered down at 11.
I did not know what was happening.
We have had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguana, a turtle and a couple of rabbits (who had like 10 rabbits).
Comic cafe
I'm in a comic cafe right now.
But, when I think about people who now spend their life staying in this place, I wonder whether they're able to get relaxed everyday.
It seems to be a controversial issue during a prolonged economic slump even though Japan is considered to be affluent.
I enjoy writing in a journal.
Yesterday and this morning, I took the achievement test.
:(You'll never know whether I eat something or not.
I have to say goodbye to my stomach. (I'm not confident about this expression.)
Second lesson at Gaba
Today, I went to the Gaba English language school.
That's because I am in Thailand now!!!
When I have reached home and settled down, I will write about my trip and put up pictures!!!!!!!
I know that.
Yesterday, I had my wisdom teeth pulled out.
But I believe that it is what I am meant to do..
I have visited south asian areas, middle eastern areas, India and Europe..
Hanami means looking at trees of cherry blossom in Japanese.
Now I severely want to speak out what I think and feel.
Today is April 26th, which leads to me being more attentive, because the ``Interpreting Oral Test`` is around the corner and I'm serious about it.
If we want to achieve something, there is no doubt that we should grasp every possibility to be completely prepared.
I have to interpret plenty of materials on the book by myself first, and then I need to correct my interpretation with the help of references for the sake of making more progress.
My freind is very beautiful and owns lots of admirers, the same with her boyfriend.
But us girls are always more loyal than guys (!), so she always worries that her boyfriend will fall in love with other girls.
The popping rhythms..
Here is my favorite line from a song called ``Thriller`` by Fall Out Boy:
A few days ago, Someone asked me my favorite book.
The person asking was a foreigner so I told him my favorite book in English was Catcher in the Rye.
Listening to me, he laughed and said 'that is the worst book I have ever read.' Unfortunately, the people around me didn't really like the book either, but I still think it is really well written.
The main character is a boy who makes sarcastic and cynical remarks about almost every person he sees.
He points out hypocrisy of the people as soon as he catches wind of it.
Soon, I'll go traveling to the east coast of Australia with my two friends.
There are some vegitarians, one Jewish person who cannot eat pork, and a guy who has a food restriction because of his diabetes.
I was told by those people who have food restrictions that they will chose to eat what they will eat, so any special consideration was not necessary.
I am going to prepare some appropriate Japanese cuisine such as vegetarian rolls (sushi), or fried Tofu in the soup.
I heard that the Japanese government uses the money for the pavements in order to coordinate the money left at the end of the year.
And that gives a chance for construction workers to garner extra work to do.
Furthermore, one of the problems with curse words is that these are famous among non-native speakers.
Nagoya doesn't have art, culture, or fashion.
I wanna work for an international company..
I'm looking for devices that first of all will be for people with dementia (big button, simple, long lasting battery).
Best regards...
Tomorrow I (will) have to wake up about 4 hours earlier than today.
Ima univercity student.
I love learning foreign languages!
and I also study Korean ^ ^
However, this time I am satisfied with the shiny beige I imagined.
This is another reason why I connect ``green`` with ``fresh``.
Do you know why green means ``jealous``?
If there are some words I don't know yet, I write those words in my notebook and search for them in the dictionary after I return home.
It doesn't matter whether he (she) is a foreigner or not.
Anyway, it is hard for me and I am worried whether or not it would hurt their feelings if I ask them several times to repeat what they said.
Therefore, I have to find someone whom I can practice a elderly conversation with.
I think I am wearing normal but a little bit flashier clothes that I already have to the party.
We have been trying to use English in our seminar recently.
Today, one of them told me that he wanted to practice more, and I recommended that he use this site.
I like gyoza (a kind of dumpling stuffed with minced pork and vegetables).
To add on, I had not shared any news about my life for more than ten days.
Society is currently information-oriented.
In an information-oriented society, cell-phones are very important things.
what should I say to her?
I heard from someone that Spring can bring fateful encounters.
That is that he doesn't help me on housework..
We often have a quarrel about it.
Although I'm nearly 20 years old, I need 10 minutes for writing these three sentences.
He is my wonderful friend from Canada from Lang-8. It's the first time
In Thailand at the moment, the amount of people who have H1N1 flu seems to be growing.
I hope the government can manage it soon.
In fact I'm going to Rimini for a holiday with some other friends in two days!
I like to compose my own music.
Today I bought ice cream.
It was introduced to me by my brother in Guangzhou province, China.
I called him this morning to get the information about how he studies English and Japanese, and how his job-hunting was going.
I thought I was lucky to have a job in northeastern China in international business, but I need to work more at studying harder and improving my English so that I can catch up with other competitors.
Welcome to my Diary corner. I'd like it if some native speaker could give me a hand and improve my words and sentences.
Barcelona vs Atletico Madrid, an accident happened, something that I was afraid of.
Schools start in April in Japan.
``Eat green, red, yellow, purple vegetables everyday, and drink more than 2 liters of water everyday``
when I have free time, I always google some words.
We went shopping, karaoke, played badminton, walked in a nice park, etc.
Introduce myself
I'm a native speaker of Japanese.
It is the DVD of ``Dreams come true`` a famous Japanese musician.
It was very difficult
I was not planning on going to the party, but I ended up going there because my friend kept telling me I should go.
I found Lang-8, while reading a book when I commuted today.
Periodically, I saw her in our shop at home, where she sold cosmetics from the stand and suggested to ladies who passed by that they familiarize themselves with an assortment of cosmetics.
Now in the mornings and evenings I try with the speed of light to enter the apartment or an elevator so as to not collide with the neighbor.
First of all we got on the bus at our hotel guided by staff who were dressed in costumes like flight attendants with tickets like boarding passes.
At the entrance some performers welcomed us and there were stalls that served delicious Latin cuisine and a stage where Salsa dancing and music were being performed.
Especially in the western and southern regions of Japan, they were not affected by the earthquake as I am sure you know.
I shouldn't have seen that program..
Yesterday, Malik played a music box by himself for the first time.
I went to the tower to see the witch getting burned today.
Although it depends on the country, as far as Japan goes, there are some reasons why we attend college. Space between commas!
My parents took time off and were hanging out at home, and now they have gone to visit my father's elder uncle.
Il n 'a pas lu ce livre.
And recently, I started studying Chinese.
For example, pandas are viewed as the most valuable animal in China, and there are less than a few hundred of them that are still alive around the world, due to illegal poaching, and man's ongoing expansion into what were once their habitats.
In conclusion, zoos could be phased out one day when human beings no longer interfere with the balance of the ecosystem. But for now, zoos are still needed in terms of raising public awareness of the significance of preserving animals and lifting the population of endangered animals.
One major advantage of flying by plane is that they are faster than any other means of transport.
What is more, it is not recommended to people who are afraid of heights or flying.
The movie Salt
I have the latest I Pod iPod nano (16G).
It is my favorite because it is very small and has a good design.
The reason I wrote such animpolite thing is because I really wanna go to Singapore as soon as possible.
I've only studied in Sydney, but my real intension is togo to a beautiful beach or something.
I can probablyenjoy Australia ifI can afford to see everything.
Just do it! The sence there was all smiles.
I go to the gym for workout everyday.
Spinning bikes are similar to normal bikes but they are different because you can control the the resistance to make pedalling as easy or difficult as you choose.
The reasons that I like this type of exercise is, first, that you don't need much training or practice.
Then, I practised my Listenning English skills by listenning to the New Horizon3 at double pace.
Although her luggage was overweight by 9. 5KGs, the officer still let us go freely.
therefore, I participate in this program so as to enhance my English. ^ ^
I also hope that I can use my ability to help those citizens who are
I still can't believe what happen even now.
so, we need to cooperate with each other in order to save some energy.
Tomorrow morning, I should go to the police station because
I ask the police station officially about a investigation of the traffic accident.
Maybe there is little chance to solve, but I want find out for myself.
I'm a university school student now, but I wanna be around foreigners, and travel abroad.
Most young people there don't have any interest in politics.
Generally speaking, they don't even go to poll stations to vote.
So stupid Japanese politicians can do what they want to do greedily.
Even if they do something wrong, they can win the next election, because majorities don't vote at all.
Singaporeans should leave everything to them.....
The company that owns my flat has a presence nationwide, so anyone in Japan except those enjoying country life can easily find its characteristic striped buildings.
All of the rooms they provide are furnished, this type of flat is rare in Japan although I know they are rather common in some other countries.
It is my favorite food from my childhood.
So it has become my favorite food since I was a boy.
Of course, you can enjoy eating it without liquor.
He said, at his work (Japanese company), he is often told that he is too self-assertive.
I haven't become a member of that group.
I will become a member.
We made a witch's hat by using newspaper.
I'm still not a qualified voter, so I couldn't go today.
Sport is not only physically challenging, but it can also be mentally challenging, criticism from coaches, parents, and other teammates, as well as pressure to win can create an excessive amount of anxiety or stress for young athletes.
Have you ever thought about your lifetime? What you want to be? I think people have their dreams when they are kids, but how many of their dreams come true? If you were one of those people who was very successful in their life and your dream came true, it would be great, but if you weren't one of those people, have you been trying to change it or give up? Especially after you married and had a family.
I am looking for companies who love to study English and teach me commercial English, industrial English, medical English and so on.
Of course, I like to learn German now.
Already 180 days have passed since my son was born.
Sometimes we used to fight because of different opinions about taking care of baby.
Sometimes we laugh at something different and enjoy that.
I watched the movie ``Sex And The City 1`` last Saturday.
It was very fashionable and gorgeous!!
I will use a lot of money.
I long for their life.
I want to be a millionaire!!
I played sand volleyball today.
It's been a long time since I've played sand volleyball.
Sand volleyball is very difficult.
But it's a merit of sand volleyball, I think.
I played sand volleyball for 2 hours. But it felt shorter.
I have received your letter and know that you failed the last English test.
Yesterday, I couldn't say ``Happy New Year`` to my friend.
The octpus was the main dish and I wanted to have it, but I didn't want to have side dishes because it seemed to me that they were not appetizing.
I'd like to be an international hotel concirege in the future.
People attend college or university for many different reasons (for example, new experiences, career preparation, increased knowledge). Why do you think people attend college or university?
Try to answer consciously, I think for most students the primary resaon is for their future career.
Today is a holiday, but I'm at the moment working in my company.
He supervises subcontracted work.
It takes a long time to solve the model of simulate models.
I have to solve the model before the deadline.
I felt afraid.
Sushi is a very popular food in Japan.
I'll use it and make a sentence including the words.
Japanese government have to assess somewhere to be able to build a building.
A pawnshop assesses bags, watches and accessories which are brought by someone to lend money.
When this meeting is held, almost every participants gather before the meeting and eats a special curry.
According to the above, we can agree to the follow reasons:
Of course, I returned it in the same state.
When I speak to a native speaker, I make them feel unpleasant.
If people of the future are seeing the current world, they would not be approve of it.
I eat so much food that I think that. I might gain weight.
I worry that my stomach will become large.
I guess we burn calories inside only by talking while sitting down.
Today's lesson was about solving the problems.
After that, Enrike and I ate lunch together. Today's lunch was spaghetti with meat sauce.
I am also learning Spanish because I like the languages and I like Spain and its culture.
Now I am having summer holidays so I'm learning it on internet, but I will take courses in Spanish later this autumn.
Staff: Why did you come to Singapore and why did you choose Singapore to live?
Generally we mix intelligence and knowledge.
But it is someone that is wise and uses his or her wisdom in her or his life in order to live a stable and well balanced life.
We always see our children play and determine which will be the bright one.
Although I couldn't understand what they said I enjoyed it visually.
They had mic performances, tap-dancing, singing and instruments.
I've chosen to study Japanese because I'm fascinated by this country, its culture and its history.
I have plans to go to Japan next year so I want to learn Japanese to be able to communicate with people.
but as you know, most children do homework such as learning english, writing korean and so on everyday.
and then explain this situation to him.
I want to learn English, please help me to correct my errors.
A mathmatician, sports and music lover and struggling badminton learner.
My first diary on this site
By the way, could you tell me whether or not it is difficult for native English speakers to distinguish ``want`` with ``won't`` in conversations.
I guess many would judge from context as I do with confusing words of Japanese though.
I belong to the Sales& Marketing Division, which is especially for distributors and large companies.
After this happened, I began to think that perhaps there was something wrong with my social skills
I will try to talk and become friends with her, then she might she that I am a fiendly person.
I went to the gym near my apartment in the morning.
After the lesson, I went back to my apartment and had lunch.
I had learned English for about six years until I left school two years ago.
Now I am studying at a university, but I chose Russian as my language to learn.
I will say, ``Pak, tolong tandatangani kertasnya sekarang, karena saya harus segera mengirimkannya ke klien``.
I like this idea so I will continue working there until I will go to the U.
Someday, I want to see the most beautiful sunset in the world.
His house is very big.
I climbed onto his house's roof.
those are all difficult because they are totally different from Mandrin
It is probably very difficult for you to move to higher classes, which ever classes you are in now, you most likely want to move to a higher class than others.
When I arrived, I forgot to bring my books so I was given detention by my teacher.
Some peach blossoms, rice cakes, and sweets are put around the tiers with the dolls.
Parents wished for their daughters 'happiness, growth and health.
I am going to participate in a tea party celebrating a Girls 'festival tomorrow afternoon with all of my middle-aged lady friends.
English is a very hard language...
English needs more efforts than other languages...
I bought a magazine, ``Business English,`` a week ago and just started learning with it.
So you should try to reject their demands.
And give your children the chance to earn money themselves.
While I used the computer my sister washed her dress downstairs.
When I got home from work this morning, I found a lot of ants marching along the edge of the floor!!!!
This is the first time I've visited this site. I am surprised.
I surprised that it's offertory box was so huge! It was not like a box but like a garden!!
second: The reason he is so successful is that he works extremely hard.
welcome to lang-8
This is my first time at lang-8. I want to improve my English level. I want to make friends from other countries
Looking forward to receiving your message.
Here is a photo of this annual youth activity in Vietnam.
I was changing it because it depended on different causes.
But I tried not to change it too much.
Anyway, I think that learning new knowledge is both very interesting, and helpful for me.
I think that the main causes of my lack of success are-laziness, my misallocation of time and tasks, and again laziness.
I was at Lotte World which is similar to Disneylandfor work today.
When I was walking around Manhattan with my friend, he found a stone-made building like the Pantheon in ancient Rome standing between office buildings.
A standing board in front of the building indicated that it was a luxury retail building.
It had two bedrooms and one guest room and was equipped with excellent furniture, household goods and electrical appliances.
So I feel refreshed!
I studied the contents in detail and looked up all the vocabularies that I have known..
Oh, if you saw the movie, The Fourth kind, you perhaps know this line from the movie, ``I see an owl staring at me``
IDIOMS and WORDS
Please teach me.
Anyhow, Singapore has been having a serious water problem since ancient times, because this country is a small country, so they can't build dams.
During WW2, many English soldiers were holed up in Singapore.
But I think the Singaporean government won't be able to settle this problem unless human beings develop a technology which can change sea water to clean water.
A party is held for a boy by his parents, grandparents, and other family members in hopes of him growing up healthy and strong.
We talked a lot on via skype about language, culture, customs, cities and even politics.
I wrote a diary in English for the first time.
I have a pain in my shoulder.
I live in an apartment, but I own a field for vegetables and herbs.
I often go to the library and borrow books.
I think I would hold a party for the whole house, if I were a member of their family.
By the fourth time he is not warned and is shot in the head.
Thank you for reading my writing,
Languages easily become rusty if you don't use them often.
Do you know the French sports brand, Decathlon?
I want to go there to buy a pair of climbing pants tomorrow.
I live in Tokyo in Japan.
Well, that's life, because we have grown up. We can't always live off our parents. We should work hard to make our own and our parents 'lives better, and that is every child's duty.
Because I was scared when I was with the barber.
I'm looking forward to watching the movie.
Unfortunately, in Japan this wasn't announced by mass media largely because one person who was in an important position did a speech while drunk.
The most famous goya menu is ``Goya Chample``.
The politicians move to their public speaking places by using them.
Woohooo!
Iraqis should revive the country by themselves.
Are you planning to go to an amusement park in Korea?
In fact, there is no big difference between these two places. However, if considering transportation, I would recommend 'Lotte World' because it's very easy to find.
You would definitely have no problem finding it.
When I can't sleep at night, I usually listen to saxophone music.
It was just like the middle of the autumn in my country.
Therefore when most Australians thought it was quite cold, at least I didn 't
Morning temperature is totally different
Needless to say, I don't watch the weather forecasting.
The class is open every Thursday evening from 7: 15 to 8: 45 and held three stops away from the station near my office.
(but one person seemed to be in charge of instruction like a leader).
we usually have free conversation and group exercises for one and a half hours. Each group is divided by the level of English the people know.
The con is that there is very little collection or feedback of the mistakes we make.
We are currently using a customized program which we made ourselves.
However it would be forgotten slowly in my mind as time passes if I don't use it in my field.
The most concerned thing is that a new member, a SAP programming expert, would be joining us for the new project.
You can see many strange things, like people and buildings that you have never seen.
I'm already 21 years old, but I look young...
Unfortunately, it is not habitual in my country.
They say it's our mentality. But until it is accepted we can affect change amongst ourselves.
He looks so pained with stuffy noses and sneezing and itchy eyes every day.
So I bought groceries that are described as effective for pollen, ``yogurt``, ``tea of lemon balm``, and ``nose cleaning liquid``.
I was unusually very busy last night because there were many student complaints
I need to make a softer expression.
I would like to prepare for the 'First Certificate in English Examination' but my writing is not correct, so I must practise and write as much as possible. I am also very happy that I have the opportunity for native speakers to correct my sentences. Thanks for your corrections, they are very useful
hhaha! On this website, you can meet different people.
I think she likes the man, her boyfriend is usually different.
I saw the awesome naked bodies clearly and I realized that was a dream.
I jumped about 3 metres high but he was faster than my reaction and he attacked me.
I feel a little bit weird writing this and I couldn't come up with a title.
By the way, the weather was strange today, because it suddenly began raining harshly.
Actually, it is notthat serious a situation.
Do you believe that sea air is good for health?
Carbon reduction make the air on earth be better than before.
My dictionary says interrogation means investigation.
I didn't study at all when I was in junior high school.
By the way, most Japanese geeks are very ugly, I guess that most of them have never had a girl friend in their entire lives.
Enjoying nature
Some people put forward an idea that education is betther than punishment, as it can teach people the knowledge that committing a crime is not a good thing.
On the contrary, the people who stand on entirely different grounds think that punishment is a deterrent.
Considering both sides of argument above, I am inclined toward the opinion that education is more effective than punishment.
However, he sees an advertisement that a person committed a crime and was taken to prison on television.
I really love my grandfather.
Last night my boyfriend told me something that offended me in the middle of our telephone conversation.
It was so nice and I was impressed with the beautiful traditional culture.
The wall was made of brown wood; it was so nice and homey.
I am not familiar with Maiko san,
Unfortunately, I probably can't become a Maiko san because
My height is 168cm, and I have a tan just like a surfer, haha
Kyoto became one of my favorite cities.
For this, I will study hard to pass the graduate Uni...!
This is my favourite mini-photo book.
``Can you play tennis?`` and ``Do you play tennis?``
Now I have just finished reading your corrections and comment 5 times, and I can get an enormous impression after knowing evil's tactics.
There was a car on the right, so I steered to the left.
Why should I go to a different prefecture for my class?
No one can give us a clear answer about the effect of long-term low level of radioactive exposure especially for children.
Last Saturday my daughter went to the kindergarten entrance ceremony with my wife and me.
But my daughter seemed happy.
Today she went to kindergarten too.
The most important was making a special point of ensuring their safety.
After they took pictures, the teachers allowed them to play in the playground.
I slept on my boyfriend's shoulder and he memorized some Japanese words using my iPhone.
I usually eat cheap frozen gyoza and they tasteway different from the restaurant's.
muscular pain
I always end up having muscular pain in my legs on Wednesday night.
We often say that elder people will get muscular pain after a few days when they use their muscles.
Thanks for reading my first diary!
In school my friends and I were watching its launch.
I really hate these boring days.
After I get home, I usually eat dinner and skip taking a shower.
So, I will go with my family according to the schedule.
We called tutor to reserve the schedule for the experiments.
Today I went to a party with my friend in Shibuya,
About forty people were there.
(We didn't talk to each other a lot during the party, but I strongly remember what we talked about because I was astonished by her energy!)
He is kind of arrogant and straightforward in the beginning.
His medal was bronze indeed, but I thought that he deserved a golden medal because he must have made a lot of Japanese impressed and encouraged in his comeback.
He always cracks some excessive jokes that make me sad and uncomfortable.
My boyfriend got a good tan, he's okay but he looks like a person who is from another country.
This system is very good.
Youkan is a reward for my labor this week!
Youkan made with adzuki beans, sugar and agar.
I'll be glad to help you with your Russian or to communicate with you.
I love listening to music, drawing and dancing.
I was shocked to hear that.
It was only a glance, but it felt like it lasted soooo long.
Maybe the professor spoke so fast that I couldn't catch up and understand in time.
The food in the canteen is very cheap, much cheaper than the restaurants outside.
I remember that I was nervous when I moved to this school.
So I had to say goodbye to some of them every year
(Even though) I don't like to say goodbye, I can learn something from the encounters and farewells with my friends.
At that time, I thought it was right and in every test and exam I paid much effort in studying them.
I thought that the right sentence was ``I got a ticket to the auto show.
My brother suddenly called me today.
I had nothing to do tonight, so we went to a sushi bar in the Tokyo station.
The owner of the bicycle was a boy, and he was watching the hands of the mechanic very eagerly.
And I decided to interpret their choice in a positive way, as proof of my popularity or something.
I believe in materialism..
My ex-coworker is moving to another prefecture because of her marriage.
It was a very pleasant party.
It occured to me that I had been given many precious treasures like memories, a familial environment and much more.
Her mother is Russian:)
I could see Tony Kanaan's onboard camera.
I went to a Yakitori restaurant last Saturday with my friend.
Yakitori is very popular.
Yakitori is fried chicken.
Revolving Sushi Restaurant
Do you go to a foreign language institute?
Of course, I couldn't make a wish.
On the other hand, they lied, doubted, killed, destroyed, and set off the nuclear bomb.
So I will retake my examination and now I'm waiting for 2010 when students can apply to the Japonology department again.
Not a day goes by without me learning more Japanese or
We should show off our country's originality and give Japan's luxuriant culture due esteem.
We can prepare a national Russian evening where we could sing our native songs, make zeppelins, translate some lines of our literature and have a traditional lingual performance.
In order to make students know more about it, our school decided to hold this activity.
I didn't have any headache medicine.
I received some from a fellow worker.
I must control myself physically and mentally in order to complete The Tokyo marathon.
Maybe its because I've been solo for a long time and I'm lonely.
So please correct my diary.
As soon as I went to buy sketchbook and pencil.
Because they [we?] have a custom to send a letter on January 1st.
We generally write ``Happy New Year`` and a picture of the twelve signs of the Chinese zodiac in letters.
I have thought about drawing Peter Rabbit for a long time, so this time I was pleased to draw it.
I'm sorry I'm not able to put pictures on this diary.
On the other account, I study Korean.
So would you please approve this request, too?
There's almost no problem in your japanese sentences.
But it also has some problems such as air pollution and traffic jams everywhere.
Hello everybody! I'm a Japanese grad student!
The joints around my waist have started to ache!
I debated for a moment whether it was a good idea or not.
I went to the Bon Dance Festival at the Tsukiji Hongan-ji, the buddhist temple in Tokyo, with my friend.
English 2.
How can I improve my speaking and writing skills?
I conplained about my looks to my mother.
What is the difference between ``everyday clothes`` and ``casual clothes``?
What do you feel when you hear ``everyday clothes`` and ``casual clothes``?
This phrase is very interesting because it involves many things, I think.
Many Secretarys of a politician can become a politician.
Today, I went to an ophthalomologist.
In particular ``Sendai`` which was located near the epicenter was the most seriously damaged by the ``Earthquake`` and ``Tsunami``.
You can feel yourself getting a shrill, when you play it very well.
They are helpful for listeners to know the concrete statistics and to understand the contents easily.
I am looking forward to staying there.
It is cloudy today, but it will be getting warmer later this week.
I can't wait for spring to come!
I have to write a business document in English.
When I was a child, I seldom had time to play games with my peers, because my parents always asked me to study.
We even quarreled, just like a real family
Thinking about my childhood always give me a feeling of nostalgia.
What about your childhood? Do you have any interesting experiences to share?
this is very inconvenient.
Finally, I have no idea how to learn to comprehend.
How to release stress
So a little while ago, I went to a convenience store and bought alcohol, sweets, and some snacks.
I think drinking and eating is best way to release stress.
And we can't seem to recognize that until a certain period of time has pased.
We enjoyed the lunch and I had a lot of questions about English to ask her. She taught me really well.
Then she asked me to go to the Christmas party this week on Saturday at her house, and then I went to study Chinese near where I met Chayway and Wunlay.
Composition 0628, please help me correct it or provide some ideas, thanks!!
Today, I woke up at 6: 45, cooked breakfast and my husband's lunch.
I was interested in American education coupled Japanese education.
Last week, my roommate tried to set a WIFI in the home, but he is just like Edison who never gave up, so I just can encourage him and I cant use internet many times, but now he success to set a WIFI in the home, so now I can carry on writing in lang-8 every day ~
Sometimes I wave my body if I hear some high tempo music at home, but I never do that when someone else is around.
what was the last concert you went to?
I went to Arashi's concert 2years ago with a friend.
It was held at Tokyo, Kyoto and other places.
I will go to Toronto, Canada for 5 weeks in February.
For example, our State University was only founded in 1959 and its building isn't beautiful, but rather very simple.
Of course this is not important. The knowledge given there is more important and what about it this is strong there (?).
However Tomsk State University's building is very beautiful.
It was founded in the XIX century.
But I prefer to study in our State University (only I didn't enter there on Oriental department = = =>-__-)
I bought some material there for this.
Besides that there were more foreigners and I spoke a bit in English while translating what a seller said to women from Germany, but I think my English was awful:D
I majored in tourism management.
home, particularly in the country, people view that boys always have more
I am starting to write a diary today.
I'm staying hot with a hot springs; so, I want you to be refreshed too.
Living alone is a good experience to teach you independence.
However, when we live alone, we do those things ourselves, which makes us more independent.
My vest favorite musician is Nightmare and Shiina ringo.
Although I still make some mistakes, His life is in me.
It is like a plant which grows little by little everyday.
Now, more and more foreigners have begun to study Chinese.
Culture is an important element of competition in overall national strength.
That's because I do a part time job at Pastel.
I will go to her concert in February with my friend.
It was heavy and deep and the actor was very good.
Here are some ideas on how to develop your social skills.
My professor open a forum so we can discuss the differences of culture between Taiwan and France.
The air, the smell, the scenery, the sound... just everything.
He talked a lot, but I only spoke a little
Korean people live on rice.
But, I am on a diet.
many many times, my heart gets hurte by those results, but at first, I still keep my dreams in my heart, I protect it, I wont let anyone take it or kill it
but its ok, I said before, I will protect my dreams, no one can take it from my hands, today I am stupid, but how about tomorrow?
I will protect my dreams. COME ON!!!
I tried it again and again, but I couldn't get it to work. (needs a subject)
By the way, recently I became busy.
Tomorrow is Tomb-sweeping Day, so you know what will I do tomorrow.
Good night.
On top of that, I don't like taking any kind of medicine that has to do with antibiotics.
But I want to eat genuine ones.
What difference is 'diligence' and 'industrious.
It's very good cost and high quality.
It's very good for Londener's, every year they have the chance to watch high quality shows.
She said to me '' I don't think about it much. It is just like riding a bicycle. ''
I had headache today.
Judging from these experiences, I came to the conclusion that the experience to learn foreign languages involves the reorganization of a learner's personality to some extent.
I am looking forward to this new situation
My hair is now in good length.
I want to be a lucky guy!
I want to win something from the event!
Furthermore, what we should bear in mind is to be kind and tolerant towards the dorm-mates as they do it too.
It was about how to become a stronger woman and pursue your dreams.
The doctor said ``It will take 4 ~ 5 months to get healthy.``
In the conference room, there were much more Japanese students than foreign students.
After the easy explanation, the participants had divided into groups.
There were many kinds of onions that I've never seen.
But around 4 PM, there were storms and thunder and we had a blackout caused by a thunderbolt.
But the telephone line and the internet connection were not restored until 9 PM.
Because there are many information in it and it is very helpful, useful and instructive for us.-Why instructive?
My hobby is watching American dramas like SATC, the OC, CSI, and BONES. ``dramas``:)
In the beginning of the year, I went there with my friends.
travel, cva (conversation volunteer australia), wwoof, work...
I want to make many friends whose native language is English.
One more question, I want to know how the person whose mother language is English remember new words, on the other hand, how do I improve vocabulary?
What I did in the job was to visit people `s house and ask them what they think about prime minister Also, the jury system starting next May in Japan, impression about crimes, and so on.
Some people were cooperative with me but others were reluctant to answer my questions.
Mothers who live in Kanto area are not sure if the foods are completely safe for their children.
When reading it, I have to focus on the text as twice as much as I normally would, I comprehend, and spot a great amount of details in comparison with the first time I read this in my mother language.
``If you don't like it I will help you burn this damn book personally, but give it a shot`` and that inclined me to try.
It was hard at first but I realized that full comprehension of the text (every single word) gives you pleasure for reading.
It stimulates your imagination to picture everything in your head and it definitely (if the book is good) enchants the reader.
I saw people flying a kite in the park here in England.
My college is going to start this Saturday.
and put mp3 audio in my phone to listen. (music)
I apologize all my friends here that used to see me comment on LJ pages
because I dont have lots of time to browse their updates and see what's new..
I like to be in touch with my friends.
Have you ever considered that your family is upset when you are absorbed in your own career? Have you ever noticed that your friends are sorrowful when you only pay close attention to your own affairs?& nbsp; Have you ever remerbered that your wife or husband is waiting for dinner, while you just know handle your power, and forget her or him?
Consequently, happiness needn't you decorate, or do anything.
Now, after 2 months, I have many friends here. They are very friendly. To add, we are like a family, we make everything together, and we go to school and study together.
I usually go to the English Academy from 7: 00 until 8: 00 (pm or am).
I'm here to speak English very well, but now I don't speak well...
What sort of presents did you get?
Because there is not enough jobs for younger students.
I think most countries havethe sameeconomic problem like mine, right?
I drank in my home town.
now, I'm sleeping in my customary bed.
The fugu is delicious but a little dangerous as food.
If the tree of Ume don't exist in the other country, I think it's good to write it just Ume.
I have a question,
I don't want that to happen, especially both of them are the positive characters of the show.
It seemed that this summer was the hottest in the past 100 years.
I want to go to the beach and swim, swim, swim.
I'm really sorry that I couldn't log into lang8 for awhile.
And before that, I will join the business competition again! It is the same one that I joined last year.
as ever! lol Yeah, I know that my writing isn't so sophisticated but because I am going to the competition in Beijing, I have to brush up on my English skills!
Another favorite thing is playing the guitar, eating snacks (especially chocolate), dancing, watching movies (dvd) and so on.
I think they are on the cruise and having fun now.
I hope they enjoy their trip a lot.
Anyway, Halloween is just around the corner.
They are my treasure.
It is this class for sleeping.
because, this class is a trivial for me.
I will visit Greece on October.
Earlier, I researched Halifax by wiki; then, it was written as city, but on another web site was written there is country side.
Of course, they were the tailender.
Although I'm not their fan, I'm glad that the efforts of an underdog are finally bearing fruit.
YAKUZA appears in this game,
A yakuza man's tattoo is the dragon, it is the origin of the title.
I like Pikachu the best.
But I also like Raichu.
Do you know about Raichu?
It is Pikachu's older brother!
Nevertheless, it tends to be stressful since it is not a reliable service, and it isn `t always on time.
I'm going to t write what happened during the day and what I think about those things.
I have the volunteer work for rural communities next week, in which the participant will live using ecological ways.
And I watch CNN news on the Internet (even though I can hardly catch).
My most favourite cartoon is BERSERK.
Unable to use Android phone/ Ipad to use Lang-8?!
I can't help people re-write their articles/ sentences.
after few days, I found another thing, I can't use an ipad to write corrections either!!
At this time, Oita city in Oita PREFECTURE and Fukuoka City in Fukuoka prefeture had high temperatures, setting a new record.
Before starting the games, we were divided into four teams.
Thank you for always correcting my mistakes.
I went to the English conversation club.
I felt happier than usual.
Chris invited me to the language exchange party which he will hold on March 21st.
Silence is Golden
I and my friends often talk about other friends.
We are going to a restaurant.
I've started standard Arabic, but I only want to speak the Algerian dialect, so I'll practice it with my father or my family when I go to Algeria.
This morning, all the grass and trees in my yard looked so good.
I have a soccer class every Friday morning.
Maybe because I don't how to set the perfect mood with my camera and the tripod.
Mi piace la cucina italiana.
Allora, voglio andare in Italia e mangiare la vera cucina italiana.
Besides, I am awfully curious and willing to learn, so I quite often get absorbed in philosophy, psychology, history etc.
Then they pray to their god for a happy new year.
but sometimes I prefer to be alone in my room--I love how peaceful it is!
I listen to songs in English, but I can understand text only with an online translator..
There are no large buildings or roads, and there are no subway stations or tunnels.
So the major problem in the area is traffic jams early in the morning and evening, I mean rush hour.
In addition, there are few restaurants.
If you go to the same restaurant often, do you feel bored of that food,
since the taste is the same and it's made by the same chef?
I feel bored of the food I've been eating, same as my boyfriend. We have an idea to find another restaurant. We hope we can find a good restaurant with delicous food around our house soon.
Thank you for helping me with my English.
I think that it is a very interesting, intelligent, and wonderful country.
In the future I will visit London, Oxford, and Cambridge.
We cannot choose what happen to us, but we can choose our attitude towards each thing.
I think it's no problem to you who are graduated from the famous university and have so many working experiencies.
The next is to search for an appropriate job which can satisfy to you.
I was in karaoke for 11. 5 hours yesterday....
I went to karaoke with my friends yesterday ~ For my classes are canceled due to the flu ~ Everyone was free during the same time and the karaoke called Jankara is 50% off these two weeks ~ So we got up early and began our nice day ~
After that we went to karaoke for about four hours ~ We sang many songs in different languages, oh ~ I forgot to say that my friends are from Japan, Thailand, Korea and Russia ~ For this reason I was able to listen to a lot of amazing songs that I've never heard before ~ Especially since I found Korean very cool language ~ it sounds amazing ~ Maybe I will learn Korean some day???? ~ hahaha
After karaoke with my friends from university ~ I went out on my first DATE with my dear MARIKO ~ hahaha ~ She is the chief of restaurant where I worked part-time for a very short time ~ She is like my older sister. Actually she is only one year older than I am ~ also a very congenial colleague while working ~ I have learned much from her ~ I really, really feel very lucky to have met such a nice friend in Japan ~ We also took PILI for nice keepsakes ~ We ate SUSHI for dinner then I went to karaoke again with Mariko ~ This time we paid for 7. 5 hours at first..--Including ``free-time`` (From 10pm to 5am all you can sing)...
It was the longest time in karaoke for me...
How can I spent 11. 5 hours on karaoke in one day which only has 24 hours....
I want to study once again.
It was beyond my ability.
I'm just enjoy the sounds but not the words.
please give me some advise.
hi ^ ^ japenese friend..
I'm restarting an education market..
would you give me some information..
The Shawshank Redemption
I saw ``The Shawshank Redemption``.
I especially like the movie's last scene. It is very impressive.
Anyway, I think Korean people love to sing.
Finally, I will talk about the political aspects of sports a little bit.
I thought it recently.
Maldive has recently become popular for honeymooners.
The sky and sea are absolutely blue and so beautiful!
I think Japanese food is the best for teenagers 'health, because it is nutritionally well-balanced.
It is considered to be good for our health, and is used for many dishes.
I want to make an American friend.
A Japnese friend of mine called me this morning, almost crying.
I will try my best!!!
I was planning to study mathematics and to write an essay. But I quit and just studied English today.
This is my first daily diary on Lang-8.
ctually I want to communicate with foreign people by myself.
I have to keep studying English!
career as a drummer.
practice every day in order to be a good musician.
I don't play like I used to, but I always
In the summer I, as well as many American and Russian teenagers earned some money.
Osaka (in Japan) was chilly yesterday.
But my old coworker said, ``Today is hot.``
Intercultural com.
Every Tuesday, I join a class called 'Intercultural Communication.'
I went a restaurant with my friends forbreakfast.
So, we decided to go to a restaurant to eat breakfast.
We arrived at the restaurant after few minutes.
When I was 12 years old, I started to like him.
I want to be excellent at English.
The weird [] atmosphere {?} of the lab
one in I which I can find a [] clearer answer in the future study
said the speaker, ``what is it that makes you professionally proud to be a forester?``
and, through [] good management, [] each tree in this forest will cost only
I studied about hundreds of words and some basic grammar today.
At that time, I was 17 years old, not too young.
Now I want to visit once again.
This is a traditional/ historical Japanese spa and the dress code is to wear a Yukata, which is rented by the spa.
It's important that people know the truth, about other peoples feelings, and trying to understand it.
I want to buy a refrigerator.
I also love learning about differences in culture between my country and other countries.
But still, I can't believe this situation.
my husband has gone
Yesterday my husband went back to Tokyo.
We give thanks to all laborers.
I live in Shanxi province, which is located in northwestern China.
There was a big eruption column and sulfur dioxide at the volcano.
Love sometimes means bearing and understanding each other.
Colin Firth's films make me forget about the fear of the earthquake.
But I like his movies like Bridget Jones's Diary and Love actually.
And suddenly I wanted to see Colin's previous films.
So I borrowed 'A single man' from a DVD rental shop.
It was shocking to me.
In the film, the use of colors are very beautiful.
I love the scene that George changes his sight at the end, even if it's not for eternity.
I really looked forward to seeing it again.
Because that day there was an earthquake
But many people are still missing.
When I saw A single man, I thought it was just fiction.
There are still a lot of aftershocks, tsunamis, 20000 people missing and a fear of radioactivity...
This time my impression of the film was totally different from the first time I watched it.
This time, I didn't feel sympathy.
I didn't want to live in the panic and nightmare any more.
I had to look at his despair objectively.
Because now it's not fiction.
It became an unforgettable film for me.
And I will also remember now I see the world very beautiful like him.
I used to study the preforming arts in (my) university.
I'd like to learn beautiful English
It takes around 30 minutes by train from Nagoya station.
INUYAMA CASTLE>
Nobunaga Oda was one of the most famous warriors in Japan.
Both warriors are also very famous in Japan.
We can see 13 floats which mounts puppets at Inuyama Matsuri.
The floats are important national properties.
The puppets on the floats are called Karakuri Ningyo
They is similar to Marionettes.
The difference between Karakuri Ningyo and Marionette is
I am a student and want to learn English.
I enjoyed talking.
The price of potato chips has increased little by little.
I'm studying English forTOEIC Test which will be held in the end of this month.
My weakness is Reading, especially Part-5 (grammar) and Part-7 (long sentence).
unwanted pregnancy and spread disease.
However, today followed the same routine.
Actually, I have been working part-time for it.
When we almost finished our meal, I asked him if I could touch his hands.
This is how I broke my new year's resolution within a week.
Too sleepy to write
Yes, I took many pictures but now I can `t do anymore.
but I have written about this medicine before.
Today's topic is comparatively easy to write about so it took me 37 minutes to complete.
The aftershock has faded out but another problem is coming.
This plant sends electric power to large areas including Tokyo everyday.
Because of this, Tokyo electric company and the government decided to share the power to not blackout all of the areas suddenly.
Actually, it's not very hard to listen to English which dubbers or actors speak because they are professionals who speak English, so their English is very clear.
However, Canadian people, excluding dubbers or actors, speak English in a casual manner, so their English is very fast, ambiguous, and changes sounds. For example, ``What are you talking about??`` sounds like ``Whada ya talkin bou??``.
Ashita ha ichi nichi juu, koko ni ha imasen.
Watashi ha Scout no atsumari ga ari masu.
It came out a few months ago, and it's based on a true story.
The story is about a bride who has only a year to live because of breast cancer.
So I don't know the whole story but there was a phrase that the bride said during the movie.
That phrase just shocked me for some reason.
So I thought I should be more thankful to be alive even though there are so many things that upset and frustrate me.
But still, there are a lot more chances to make my life more meaningful and enjoyable on my own.
Recently, I wonder how learners are able to acquire listening skills in English.
The foundation conceals my scratch completely.
I watched anime during break time.
In the anime, many-characters have same eyes.
A report which would take less than two minutes would take me more than 45 minutes to finish.
listening to the standard VOA will be a piece of cake.
Lately, I've come across a lot of articles and videos concerning harmful ingredients in shampoos, soaps and other skin care products (such as parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate and many more).
My resistance to using English has decreased than yesterday.
He had a skeleton body, so I thought he was god of death!
Harry Potter and The Order of The Phoenix is the fifth instalment based on a fantasy-adventure, same titled book by J.
Acting is reasonably powerful, but it may get better in subsequent instalments.
Even though now I try to read as many kinds of articles as I can, I should try more.
This is my first diary on this site
Today, I was bored because I didn't have anything to do and felt strangely dull all day to study something, so I wasted my time today.
Hello, my wonderful friend, it's a bit cold around Bangkok again today.
Happy Halloween costume contest!!!
Our private English School held the Party near public hall.
One of them became KAIBUTU-KUN, which is japanese anime caracter written by FUZIKO-FUGIO
He put on yellow shirts and red and blue hat and checkered pants.
I was interesting and amazing/ amusing!!
I like to enjoy it and imagine that I'm the lucky girl who is loved by the handsome boy Oh, reading comic books is the best thing in the world.
this shop is a chinese noodle store.
I think they fit in the atmosphere of anime well.
Joe is a handsome boy, living in New York, who loves Japan and really wants to get married to a Japanese girl.
But now Japan is in its rainy season.
By the way, I'm going to Bali island this Friday.
I hope that when company begins to recruit new members, he can tell me about the job opportunity.
I am a computer programmer who uses Java language to develop programs. I mainly make websites. These days we are relatively free, because the project are almost complete. So I use my free time to learn English especially comprehension.
First, I draw an outline of a face then the eyes (the eyes are my favorite part).
After I finish my works, I'm surprised at the time that I have spent drawing.
I was very surprised that her Japanese skills have improved tremendously.
Because they are scared of mistakes.
The biggest difference and perhaps most interesting new feature is called ``focusing attack`` This is the new system used in Street Fighter IV and is awesome.
It is just a simple way to attack but can charge and depending on how much you charge, you can break the opponent's guard and make them vulnerable for several seconds.
So it gives you big chance to reverse the situation by hitting them with massive combos!!
These days, it is VERY clear and fine.
He was interviewed in English, his English was good!
Its good for my English studies, and we talked a lot about ourselves to each other.
I particularly like Michael Jackson and Luther Vandross.
But their songs are very difficult to sing.
It's soooooooo cold too!!> <so the streets are very snowy.
I want to improve my English.....
Yesterday (February 3rd) is ``Setsubun`` in Japan.
Setsubun is Japanese traditional culture.
-Oniwa soto Fukuwa uchi.-
During the 7 hours journey, I felt lonly, when we arrived at wanjiang station, it was nearly 8pm.
I think that it is difficult to communicate with someone in english.
Today, I went to stadium called Saitama Stadium 2002 and watch some soccer game.
This game was very incredible and it was very amazing.
Because, they are passing very fast and their dribbling skills are so great.
Last, I saw Thailand vs Saga and it was 0-0 so it turn to PK (penalty kick) and Thailand won.
Today, was really hot but, I am proud that I could watch the game.
I don't know why I got up at this time.
I think the answer is VANITY.
Today my friends and I went to the forest.
I have had a stomachache since 2 weeks ago.
They did some tricks. (?)
The skateboard hit my leg.
My favorite phrase
What is your favorite phrase or words?
It is the latest model.
Technology is wonderful!
The first time I took a needle in hand was when a was seven years old.
Now I can sew almost everything except men's coats, because I haven't even tried to do that yet.
In the first photo there is a denim jacket that I made for my husband.
In the second photo there is a handbag that I made for my mother.
I have been member of Lang-8 since the beginning of May.
Honestly, I haven `t thought that the corrections would be useful for my study.
Depending on the topic, I often consult dictionaries.
My voice was hoarse all day long, and our customers couldn't hear my voice.
I went out on business this afternoon to deliver some tickets to our customer.
which is made of wheat flour and contains some vegetables, cheese, beef, pork, egg, and so on.
Congratulation me!!
My previous PC was soaked by water, resulting with some (* unresponsive) keys.
I'm very sorry I had a cold.
The importance of English
toefl ibt writing beginner's essay
(question)
Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
(my opinion) please check.
So I had no problem communicating.
I'd like to recommend going to Korea.
Until now, I have watched this movie three times.
Even though a Product is of good quality, it is necessary for it to beadvertised.
I have a habit that observing (watching) advertisements which introduce the function of the product and how to use it.
I remember that my cellphone was broken, a few days ago.
The salesman introduced me to a lot of brands, but I was puzzled about the brands.
So I think it is necessary to advertise.
But, I've suddenly fallen to the bottom...
Pushups on the toes for 30 repeats
because I like foreign musicians, so I want to understand what they
Also, English skills are necessary to communicate in the world.
It's important in business and other things.
I'm looking forward to learning it.
My favorite writer uses Spanish.
I often use this tool, but I also use the ordinary text editor.
We like ``The very hungry caterpillar``, written by Eric Carle.
Now I am studying in Saint-Petersburg.
At first it was difficult to live in a big city for me.
I am studying in Pedagogical college.
Twenty years ago, the Japanese volleyball team was very weak.
I hope my favorite sport, volleyball will be loved by every Japanese again.
It is especially so for lunch time menus.
Mitsubo (Pig-Yakitori) is cheap and traditional.
Kuri (Japanese Sake Bar) is small and excellent.
Last week, I had the flu and a fever for 4 days.
And I think I'm going to study abroad during spring vacation (February or March).
Some say he was an actor sponsored by a samurai and that he was painting as a part-time job!
I should be more careful when I choose meat!
As people say-a new start is the beginning of success
The new year is coming.
Taiwanese people are always open to people from all over the world, so travelers can feel the Taiwanese enthusiasm very much.
I don't remember what made me decide in the end; why I choose engineeringor what I was thinking about.
Harry Potter!!
Last Friday I went to watch Harry Potter, a new movie, with my mother in the theater.
So, Harry Potter was very interesting!!
Although I watch the Harry Potter movies, I have never read the books.
Do you think I should try to read the books?
Next, we had a lunch at an organic restaurant.
I can curl my hair well, but when I first tried it my hair was hilarious.
which, if students who attend it at last pass it, will get them the highest scholarship of our college, but they must be in the meeting room at 8am.
also got plenty of practice in society.
I remember t I was disappointed with my host father in England when I heard this question.
I really felt no one in the world cared about my country at that time.
I really loved the photo where you wore your hair in a bun/ ponytail.
After that, I developed the system using mobile phones.
I am a little sensitive
There are a variety of sad and lonely characters mind.
Nothing too special, but I'm trying write in English about my life!
It's my first time doing this kind of job, so I'm really nervous about it.
I'm afraid my customers won't understand my explanations or introductions.
The first sentence is quite awkward to me because there are no such forms in my language.
Hello, everyone.
But this was because I was a student. I learned English for school exams.
Because I was not learning English for myself, I have bad skills in English.
I think that English is a tool. I can use it to search for much information that I want.
I like cherry blossom.
They look like other kinds of tree except in Spring.
This party is sponsored by the English conversation school that I go to.
About 70 people including twenty foreigners will take part in the party,
But I'm not used to talking with foreigners, and also my English is poor.
I'm looking forward to the party, but I have a little uneasiness about if I can communicate with foreigners well.
I hope to make friends with foreigners in the party.
I wish I could abandon this work and go to the sea right now.:(
This proposal is quite controversial.
People against the law went on strike.
This is because the number of elderly people is much bigger than younger people.
I thought it was true.
This is the grilled pork with spicy sauce and garlic and kimchi (korean pickle) and lettuce.
Finally I returned home at 10: 00pm, and I had an egg and chicken on rice for dinner.
The virus will hijack your personal data, which is stored in your Iphone, if you open the text message.
I believe one thing: exchanges can be implemented in only a situation where both things exchanged have the same value
At that time, I couldn't explain my opinion well so...
Your relationship with someone will continue as long as you notice it.
Perhaps some want to ask me why I worried about my relationship with my girlfriend as I wrote several days ago here even though I believe this.
But it's been changeable these days, which makes me uncomfortable...
I must confess that I am gay, and I keep this a secret, because I do not wanna show my private life to any body.
I can say nothing, because it's their lives, and none of my business.
And I hope they have the same feeling towards me: ``don't bother me anymore!``
The first time I found English to be very interesting was when I had the chance to chat with a foreigner.
There are correct sentences which are not generally. used so I hesitate to correct.
There are incorrect sentences whose original meaning I can't understand.
I paid money for my English lesson, so I'd like to take a lesson with punctilious teacher.
It was very beautiful and fantastic.
Today I went to the travelling health center. because it is required at school.
As I said above in the title, I finally got a job =) But the surprise is I am not going to work in Korea, I am leaving for Vietnam next month to work there.
Today, I was sent to the hospital by ambulance.
According to my doctor's report, it was because of tiredness.
We need to have a big smile everyday, and enjoy our life.
Nonetheless, after the Meiji Revolution (Restoration), Japan grew as one of the developed countries in the world and reigned over Asia while China maintained her close door policy and remained an undeveloped agricultural country.
From the Japanese perspective, the Japanese wish to reclaim their glamor (glory) in the Meiji Era when Japan was the king of Asia.
The landlord 'son is very close to us because we are the same age.
We had to do something in the room, so we stayed in our room for 1 hour.
His advice makes me remember various things: consideration, cooperation, friendship and dreams.
My boyfriend lives alone near university.
They are authors of several book, such as ``Body Language-How to read others' thoughts by their gestures ``.
I'm climbing the mountain because [/ BLUE] the mountain is there...
I don't know why I go there. Well, there is one reason to climb up to the summit..
Then, Today I went to mountain in order to recharge my will and clear my head.
I am not sure if it is a good idea to start by memorizing words.
I cant believe that till now.
Yesterday, I went shopping inHarajuku (Tokyo).
Today is Coming-Of-Age-Day which honors young people who have reached the age of 20 and become new members of society.
This day, for many people, is a public holiday in Japan.
On Friday night, I go out drinking with my friends or change my gel-nails or watch a DVD at home, etc..
One is about psychology.
I have nothing to doin my native city so I'm trying to learn Italian and Japaneese.
what I wish most of all is starbucks coffee..
There is a big festival in my home town now.
There was a very strange smell that it was impossible to breathe.
I had prepared for a whole week and I failed my test due to my headache, nervousness and awful mood!
At the 2006 GP final right before the Turino Olympics, she was able to perform triple axel jumps perfectly and won the gold medal, which catapulted her into the limelight.
I like JoJo very much because the characters are very positive.
Both villains are very vigorous about realising their own desires.
The Author of JoJo said that JOJo was a song of praise to live by.
Anyway, I'm going to go to the dentist near my house tomorrow.
Next morning, I headed by bus to Weed, where the college is located
I was amused that the scenary was so beautiful. or; it's similar to the movie ``River Run Though It``.
Weed is much smaller village than I expected
Berkly, I luckily gotaccepted toU.
That fascinated me so much thatafter that class I spent as much time as possible in lab programming in java. (Of course, my GPA is getting lower than before though)
At 10: 00am, I showed the productions schedule to our customer by e-mail as usual, but the special thing was---I invited my PMC to join in my e-mail. I thought if they also got the schedule maybe they could help me to push the productions. On the other hand, my customer could see we were trying very hard for the new project.
Can Manga tell us about different cultures?
I think Manga can tell us about different cultures.
I want to improve my English.
It's made so we can enjoy various PC media productions and powerful performances.
It's japanese a traditional wear.
Hello everybody,
I would be pleased if someone correced my bad sentences.
I'll introduce myself a little.
The roses are blooming in my garden now.
Isn't she pretty?
We, who live in the northern areas, have been waiting for spring with excitement.
That is kind of difficult problem for all mankind.
People tend to use the QQ in China, not MSN.
They are supposed to have many tests and hand in papers.
I see the students, studying so seriously (during thier class).
And also I know that JLP teachers spent so much time for preparing for this summer course.
Do you believe that?
I've never written my journal in English, so now I'm thinking a lot about how to write it using the right words.
Because of this situation, I swore to learn English as well as my roommate.
Now I'm living in Taiwan, speaking in Chinese.
It's a important test for me.
I want to study English or another language, so please help me. haha ^ ^
According to my memory, I might have wrote one (1 entry) about 3 weeks ago?
I met my friends from my high school class, went camping, experienced heart-break (s)...
I don't know the case of foreign countries, in Japan many high school and university students tend to start their first part-time job in it.
It was dangerous!
I ate breakfast swiftly, and then I went to my grandpa in his room and we both watched the game.
Brazil is known for soccer, but when it comes to medals and ability, we're better in volleyball.
The other two are already known, and they are also great!
, Fortunately, Brazil won the game:D Even though I'm always criticizing my country (I 'M NOT GOING TO SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THE FIREMEN' PROTEST THAT HAPPENED TODAY...), I feel very proud of our volleyball time, and during these games, I felt like a patriot momentarily!
The reason why I decided to enter this community is that I want to go the USA or the UK.
In other words, they can control our preferences about fashion, music, or so on.
By using commercial films effectively, some companies have succeeded in selling their products and making large profits.
Television and movies have influenced so much that they subtract people's character from them, making everyone homogenized (the same).
When it comes to the arts, it is necessary to foster and utilize our creativity.
We did karaoke, played games, and drank alcohol.
It was strange because it was an unfamiliar sight to me.
Recently I'm taking english lessons.
Unsold food is disposed of.
I studied abroad in Brisben, Australia for a month,
Please help me EVERYBODY!!
I was reading about the continuous tense.
I will read about English grammar all day. However I don't know exactly if I should read Thai books or English books to understand English quickly but I feel I learn slowly when I read thai books. I am really slow to understand English but I must do because I would like to test well at IFAL. I will read both types of book.
On the (/ that) day, girls give sweets or gifts to not only their boyfriend but also their male friends and family.
It costs two hundred yen (approximately 2. 2 dollars) for a 200 millilitercan.
Even if your comprehension in Japanese is 10%, you can improve it as long as you retain what you read and keep on exercising.
Some people do yoga, skateboarding, tanning and so on.
I hate some kinds of bugs, cockroaches in particular!!
Hi.
I am a senior student! I want to improve my English studies! How about helping me? I hope we can get along well with each other!
Recently, the increasing number of students ignore studying Chinese, but they spend a lot of time on studying English or other foreign languages.
Analyse the cause of students who overlook studying Chinese, there are a few reasons why: firstly, with the fast develop of China, more and more companies have an international trade.
Therefore, the people who are good at English is very essential.
UK, Italy, and France were for high school trips and I went NZ to study English for about 4 weeks.
Last weekend, I went to Hualien with my family-father, mother, my husband, and my son.
Maybe we will go to Farglory Ocean Park again, when my son grows up.
Maybe it's just me, sometimes I ask myself, am I really that bad? Perhaps. But I keep correcting it. These years, I've tried my best to become a nice man. I've done so many things that I never thought before. Like I suddenly turned into another people. But I know, no matter how hard I've been working you still don't belong to me. You are so smart and too beautiful for me.
Speaking another language changes your character!?
I wish he will be happy everday and gets a good mark on his final exam, and has a positive attitude in his life, has a healthy body forever, has a satisfying job in the future, and also has a nice mood everday.
I could y immediately receive some helpful answers from kind people!
A large number of people are suffering from the damage of the tremendous earthquake,
especially the tsunami and problems with nuclear facilities.
I hope all of the people live happily like they used to as soon as possible!!
I have KOTATSU in my storage.
I'm really grateful for this.
I'm grateful to get paid for doing something I love.
Last week, I met my high school friend who is working at a Public corporation related with promoting Korea culture.
To be honest, I don't know how to describe my present feeling.
I must improve my English well before the Asian Games begin.
My father's unique hobby.
My father has unique hobby.
still working to reach his dream in a different way.
Of course, I record these animation by SONY's HDD& Blu-Ray deck.
I am sure that my wishes are going to come true.
The first time I found this website I was so happy because my English is really bad and I need to improve it.
I'm so afraid that I will do badly again.
I hope joining this website will help me.
Indian traditional music at a Japanese temple on (a) Sunday afternoon..
People are unaffected by politics now, so the prime minister apologized to the nation.
Changing the leader in the short term is bad for the nation.
If I was a Singaporean, I would definitely go to vote everytime.
I went to some foreing countries when I was a high school student.
I intended to learn mathematics, so I spent a lot of time doing mathematics and I slept very late yesterday.
Now I need to have friends who want to study Chinese with me tostudy language together.
these sentences might have many mistakes, but never mind!
I hope I grow up to be a good English speaker.
You know, we have a rainy season that is called ``Tsuyu`` in Japan.
Yummy.
Fortunately the porter was a nice women, so she allowed me the step inside the building without my card.
I went to Vancouver for 2 days.
Hello, my friends. I am back.
if you want to know more about the Chinese culture,
Maybe I'll spend GW watching these videos!
Many tourists came to drink them.
I drank alcohol too much, but only today.
It is my one of favourite songs.
I knew the song was covered, but I don't know who's song it was originaly.
Because I couldn't understand what was written at all.
It is usually written in archaic Japanese and modern Japanese.
Archaic Japanese sounds poetic, so I like it.
In Japan we celebrate Hinamatsuri for girls on the March 3rd every year.
I can listen to great music beside the beautiful mountain.
I hope you can correct my writing and everything. I'd really like to learn how to write professionally, I mean with nice words = P
As a matter of fact, writing a diary entry takes less time.
We sent a card to congratulate them to the church
My nose gets stuffed up, and my allergy medicine makes me drowsy.
The differences between Japanese& Canadian culture I have found
Today after school I went sightseeing with my friend. We went to Buckingham palace, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square and so on.
When we went to Trafalgar Square, I found a statue of a lion.
Today the temperature is so high, it feels very hot in the dormitory.
Yesterday was the last day of my Military service. It was a very happy end for a long hard years work. I have passed through many rough situation.
Korean town in shin-okubo
I worked at my college then had an interview.
I didn't do well on the interview, though I wasn't surprised.
I'll just wait until everyone finishes finals.
After bodyboarding, I stopped by the convenient store. I bought the grilled chicken and a cream puff.
I think I will continue working here for this month and then I will look for another job.
The 1st word is 'I' whenever I speak English or I write a diary in English.
I went to hot yoga class yesterday.
I had a muscle ache..
A tidal wave is a set of waves that rise suddenly and go back suddenly.
This is my first diary in English.
When I looked through the diaries written in Japanese by foreign people, I'm surprised that so many people can write Japanese with Chinese characters.
Therefore, I tried to write the first diary today!
What is the best way to handle conflicts?
Cultural differences often cause confrontations.
Even in a classroom at school, there are some cliques.
When we are in a conflict, we tend to regard our own opinion as the right one.
Winter sporting goods shops are especiallypopular now because the Vancover Olympic just started.
As my husband is a snowboarder, he wouldn't have stopped buying snowboard goodsif hehad beenthere.
Which do you think is a better source for information: the internet or newspapers?
Therefore, I believe that the internet is a more essential tool for the sourcing of information.
During the Mid-Autumn festival, I went to the western part of Sichuan province.
Mountain roads are difficult (to ascend on foot.)
Recently I failed to pass the entrance exam of Tokyo university, so now I don't have anything I want to do.
However, the teachers in the new oriental school feel more comfortable to talk with students like a friend, and some of them even act as matchmakers between students.
Marysville, a former gold-rush town, was almost completely wiped-out, and witnesses said the fire spread quickly, engulfing one house after another.
Hey, everyone!
my memory of my childhood
I broke the window in the classroom when a few of my friends and I were playing with a soccor ball, sprayed classmates with water from a hose
It is that some of my friends and I had been hard on him for few years.
Tasmanian salmon is very tasty OR delicious.
And I had 8 pages of a paper due on Saturday, so I could not sleep on Friday night also.
A University life has started and I'm enjoying it.
There is a coincidence, I just watched a TV show about the multilingual policy in EU, and I found one of the professors from my university back then in the show explaining the current situation of languages in EU, 20 official languages and many other minor ones such as Catalan and Basque, and also the big influence of English.
I'm subscribing to the Nikkei shimbun.
So I believe the language barrier is to be overcome soon, and what is important is not (one's) nationality, but what he or she can do for Japan.
When I feel pretty bad, I get sick on the train easily, so I decided to be absent from the university today.
My husband has been living away from me and my first daughter for his work.
Yesterday I checked metal structure radiated He ions with TEM which is an electron microscopic name that can show nm size.
In north of Japan, Hokkaido became cool recently, so I didn't want to study until late.
I only had one interview till now, but fortunately I got the job offer.
Actually, I've thought of how to study English these days.
As I was listening to them on itunes, I looked for the jacket and the booklet that should have been somewhere on my shelf, but couldn't find them.
I haven't been studying English for long.
Of course, when I have the time and if they want to have a conversation, I try to practice my English. That opportunity is really rare because the people who want to converse usually want to talk in Japanese.
I should do what l really want to do.
I took part in the orientation of the English class.
I took part in the orientation of the English class just 45mins ago.
So I was asked some questions in English from an American Teacher.
I am studying English..
To make most Korean sauces or Kimchi takes a lot of time.
I heard Austrailia doesn't have winter.
Korean people consider that courtesy is very important.
But it also puzzles my grandpa;) So he came in her apartment with a beautiful bunch of flowers.
She wanted to put the flowers in a vase with water when she noticed that in this bouquet of 8 flowers...
I'll write an article a week!
And the paid tax is used to protect the environment by a municipal office.
no damage during World War II.
My breakfast these days is:
dishonest, disappointed...
Today I went to lunch with my boyfriend. He only told me my mistakes, what I did, and at last he said to me,
just laughing with small talk or thinking deeply
Hello, ladies and gentlemen!
This feeling is not consistent with the volunteer spirit.
If I can control my emotion, I will be released from my pain.
Must you ensure that you live in a real world even if the real one is much harder than the illusive one.
Doraemon tells Nobita that every child whose IQ is below the standard level is fed with nutrient liquid and lives in a modeled world.
Her only friend is her pet: a rooster her father found beside the highway.
But fortunately, he has a nice neighbor, Ivy.
Max also has a pet fish, Henry.
He likes catching flies as fish food.
They just like two parallels and never think of that they could come across each other one day.
After being through the most miserable days in their lives, they could finally let it go.
Diet failure!
I hear that dieting seems to be a failure for people who don't really exercise.
I can get good results because I like to exercise and do martial arts training.
I think martial arts is a good diet exercise because it makes you sweat all at once.
Weight training is a good diet exercise too but I get bored with weight training right away.
The photo in my profile was taken at Takadamatubara, which the tsunami hit.
We can do anything.
Old men and women played table tennis
They were very funny and cute eldely people.
I didn't practice to speaking the foreign language much.
For, at first, I've decided to study for getting a qualification of bookkeeping.
All the members say ``I think it was a good choice to join this class and I'm very happy now.``
I think so too and I should continue to use English in (my) daily life:)
I was upset and disappointed.
``Lottery!`` he said, and his answered disappointed me!!!
As soon as we arrived, he bought ``LOTTERY.``
I felt like a million dollars!
I felt like jumping for joy!
My computer has had a problem for three days.
It's conceivable that it will lead to an argument or even a fight if someone abruptly turns off the TV just because he or she is annoyed by the noise when other people are watching the TV in an airport, for instance.
I'm very curious about cross-cultural differences in sense of humor.
The other example is the telephone system.
All evolution of technology has made our life better but at the same time we should realize we are gettting to be lazy and reducing our ability by using our inventions.
I want to be a human being myself!!
Nihon e iku tochuu desu demo michi ni mayotte shimai mashita.
Shizuoka is safe and has a relaxing atmosphere.
So, I'm always waiting for you to come to Shizuoka to enjoy relaxing weekends!!
After his parents divorced, he stayed with his mother, but she remarried and divorced again.
Some prefer to listen to a lecture by the professors.
The following, are the reasons for my preference:
However, with the development of discussion bring great humour to our education. Just a typo right?
A good example to illustrate this is that the ability of analysis will nurture through the discussions
If I can't get a job here, I'm going to Thailand to look for a job.
I used to go shopping at the home improvement store called D2 which was damaged.
The sweet and the bitter of life made people more significance.
Let the unique girl with good luck come back to her hometown.
According to the weather forecast, it would rain so I was uneasy because the higher the location the lower the temperature became.
So, we decided to go to the Otaru aquarium instead because my daughter likes aquariums very much.
I am distressed by many things and I have no vigor...:(
Finally he was unable to stand my behaviour.
When I say I won, it's only a little bit of money.
Therefore, I just get bored since they don't have enough time to chat with me except one friend who is from Canada!!!
Now that I'm thinking what to do to spend time learning English productively aside from chatting with my friends through Skype.
If you think your my friend, just chat with me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been having busy days even though my big test is finished.
Hi, I just started Lang-8.
Yesterday I arrived in NY, and I saw lots of words I've never seen, but I couldn't remember what it did mean.
I took sleeping pills because I'm an insomniac, but still I could not sleep well. I tried ``Tart Cherry`` supplement lsat night, so I slept like a log this morning. ``Tart Cherry`` worked.
So if we make a list of qualities of a good neighbor, the list would begin with these words: they don't ~, they are not ~.
The cup DID n't have a handle and it was slIppery because of water.
In Japan's English class (several years ago), I was taught that the two sentences below had different meanings.
And the friend asked me why the sentence ``He has (never) gone to Japan.`` is incorrect to express the same meaning as 1.
thx ctenor and Sadhbh for their corrections!!
It is unbelievable.
I appreciate it.
And you make me interested to write a diary.
The other day my close friend called me and said that they are going to have an appointment today and also said they may go to the restaurant.
I felt annoyed because they did not ask me to agree the date and after that when they had agreed the date they
However, it is not effective with those who have complicated work such as creating marketing plans, planning strategies, analysing loan targets...
The view outside was really nice. blue sky, the wind was cooling, the air was fresh, and the leaves were golden. I like the golden autumn as it uplifts my spirits.
I'm studying ibt to improve my English skill but it is very tough for me, especially writing section!
Some quizes are required to use all skills, so I highly recommend students who wanna improve English skill to study ibt!
Recently I've been watching foreign films.
I conducted a series of experiments with/ on concrete.
On the clothes floor
As I entered this market, I felt like I was in a old factory, and it was really cool.
It was about the promotion of a certain consumer good that debuts next fall.
So it's too early for celebration.
(A nabe party is a party where you eat from a Japanese style hot pot dish with everyone.)
It is a local speciality of Fukuoka.
It was a really hot day today!
I thought I would see this movie with English subtitles since many people said that movies are useful to improve your listening ability on the Net.
Although my opinion resulted in a shallow thing, what do you think about the saying ``No man is an island``?
I sold a CD set of my business teaching materials I used to listen to for 20000yen.
There were so many people, screaming, and yelling.
How does it feel, hiding a secret?
I used to hear that some people tell too much about themselves that their house ended up being robbed or their family members being kidnapped.
Whenever I visit another country, I enjoy a unique experience.
that was totally ridiculous and awkward.
yep, definitely 11 more months, though.
I was surprised that its pronunciation is good.
So recently, I haven't rested for the second day.
He always introduces many interesting music\ movie\ magazines to me.
Hello, my wonderful friends. I am at home right now,
and I have some things to do such as washing my clothes. I did not wash them for a while so now I need to work hard.
I was only writing something which happened to me, because I wasn't very inspired to begin with;) Maybe I'll try to write the plan of my essay next time;) I hope my English isn't bad, I don't know if it's correct enough or not, because I really want to travel, I thought about a sabbatical year in US or UK;)
I said, ``I'd like to eat a special kind of food``.
unadon (grilled eel on the rice).
. That day was my birthday. So I decide to eat unadon as my birthday present.
(This is from the lyrics of High School Musical)
Sometimes the symptoms come up days after the infection is caught.
So how can I convince him to take leave?
I heard winter in Europe is kind of gloomy, is that true?
This is my first journal.
I notice since I came here, English is really important.
I appreciate the beauty of language and pledge to myself that I will read my favorite foreign literatures in their original languages.
My favourite quote is Russell's three passion of life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, the unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
Well, it's terrible to accept her love with much care.
She put the fish in the water and boiled it, then gave it to me with a big smile.
For example ``The mad prime minister Asou Taro lead our economy more badly``, ``A younger son killed his family with no reason. (I have never thought about it until I was 20.)``
She is three years older than me.
She was a girl born in a wealthy family.
She said she found a good Chinese restaurant a week ago.
The Chinese restaurant is located in Ebisu.
I like thinking about how should I take pictures to make everybody interested.
Can you think about what's the difference between them and you.
But sometimes I forget to do so, so I think I should try to do something again.
I hope this website will help me with my English.
Yeah my nephew has finished using the computer now.
I was really surprised at the last diary my friend corrected.
Gay Club!
I went to a Chinese restaurant in downtown with my friends.
Going to a gay club is a new experience for me.
One of my friends recommended it to me but I was a little about trying it.
She said she was from Australia.
Cave Story, one of the most high-quality ``free`` PC games made in Japan will be released on Wii-ware (it will take time though).
There were no awkward silences and we talked a lot.
I think my native city is beautiful, but there are, of course, some problems.
The Author lives in Mexico now.
I liked that country.
I will go to Philippines to study English next summer for two months.
Before, I thought flea markets only sold used merchandise, but they don't.
Also, I played guitar in a band.
I fell in love with these shoes, so I decided to buy the shoes within 5 seconds.
I am looking forward to putting oh the shoes.
Bryse, a programmer living in Illinois, is currently pretty much absorbed in studying Japanese.
On the top of that, the time lag always causes foriegners to be confused, like when I'm speaking with an American friend.
And another reason for the friend's confusion is lack of vocabulary.
I want to improve foreign languages.
However, I know that it is unhealthy, so in order to be a healthy and lovely girl, I decided to eat more starting tomorrow.
I will receive reports on the rest of the checkup items in 2 weeks.
But I was not able to get myself into a better frame of mind I read books, listened to favorite music, and so on.
First of all, I want to improve my English especially, speaking.
Although I can speak English more fluently than before, I make mistakes when I speak or say some sentences.
Lastly, I wanted to make foreign friends.
I feel nervous more and more.
I can go to oze whenever I want to because it is very near, but I had never thought to visit.
maybe oze calls me ^ ^
they gave us a morning haze instead of sun rise.
and they gave us white sky instead of orange sun set.
I feel comfortable with oze's nice charm
I'm satisfied with oze's nice charm
I ordered a factory size spaghetti meal with rich meat sauce.
Unfotunetly, the day was rainy and chilly, but fortunately I could visit many facilities in Oxford university.
It is the middle of March, but we had snow yesterday.
I have got a question: Do any of you who speak english or spanish like to chat with me in ICQ?
Konbanwa.
However, I cannot write as well as I read.
Today,_ Shingo presented a report about English literature.
I am a casher.
I have a television, a bed, a desk, a refrigerator, a computer, some pens and some english book
Because one of my classmates's major was art, she explained the details of the oil paintings to us.
His productions were affected by his friends so he always drew the characteristics of female with small eyes and a long nose.
Thank you for reading.
Therefore, I'm afraid of the flu.
My class will be opening a food store for a school festival tomorrow.
Finally I decided to visit my best friend in Minsk)
My family was 4 people along with my uncles family, my aunt and my grandmother.
The Adults were talking about their lives while I was hanging out with my cousins in their room. My grandmother told us she wanted to go to Karaoke with the whole family.
My grandmother was very energetic and cheerful.
We went to the ``waterpia`` which is a recreation park where we could enjoy heaps of pools.
We have seen the first half of the movie, but nothing interessting has happened so far.
Luckily, I got a ticket for a Green Day gig from my friend.
I suddenly stood up and to get out of the from train but it was not my destination, so I stopped myself.
Everyone was watching me probably.
New book: Howl's Moving Castle
The title of it is ``Howl's Moving Castle``.
I had no idea at all that there was the original story of the Japanese animation 'Howl's Moving Castle' made by Miyazaki Hayao came from a book before I saw this.
I like the character of Sophie.
The topic is my partner trying to sell a printer to me. I'm the customer.
Ok, if you guys acted like a customer, what questions would you ask?
Tree leaves have turned red and yellow.
Now I can read simple texts and understand slow and simple speech.
But we must pay a basic fee to use it.
We have a cellular phone, and pay a basic fee for that too.
but sometimes, I'm impressed by that.
But I'm sooooooo sad because today was the last day of my summer vacation (ToT)/ ~ I'm supposed to get up at 7: 00 tomorrow. It's impossible!!
I wanted to wear a skinny jeans so I took a diet.
I had to stop losing weight, but I will keep on with exercise for my health.
I don't like to use dishwasher detergent while using a dishwasher.
What I do is first I soak the dirty dishes in warm water with some cleanser for some time.
After that, I rinse and scrub them before I put them into the dishwasher.
Actually, computers isn't the first selection of mine when I was invited into shaoguan university.
I have already failed CET-4 three times.
It was a very big event x-D
By the way, I watched a video that the actor Daniel Radcliffe appeared in.
I am a university student studying language.
English, French and Chinese.
Studying language is difficult for me but I wish to communicate with foreigners
But today I don't feel like working out because today I got my grades.
Since I won't be in Korea for years, I think that it is a good idea to spend time with family until then.
Doll Festival
The Doll Festival!
Almost all of the house which have girls has 'japanese dolls'.
We display dolls on Mar. 3rd (Many houses display from Feburuary I think).
I prefer living in a dormitory rather than living off campus.
Living in a dormitory gives us many opportunities to make a lot of friends.
Secondly, living in a dormitory is much more convenient than living off campus.
Most dormitories are located very close to classrooms.
Finally, I will spend less money if I lived on campus.
As a dormitory resident, I will not have to pay for gas, electricity, or water, like an apartment resident does.
In addition, I will not have to pay for furniture such as desks or beds.
I will not need a car either, so I will not be concerned about insurance, gas or parking. Consequently, the dorm is the more economical choice for me and my parents who are paying for my education.
Her other lang-8 friend and my classmate came after I met her.
Maids really exist.
The maid will paint something with ketchup.
Hopefully he will answer my email tomorrow.
Last friday my colleague asked me if I wanted to go see a movie with her after work, since I was free that night I said OK.
Since she rides a motorcycle I thought she'd give me a ride.
It's not the first time she has asked me out after work and told me to meet her by taking the bus (and she rode a motorcycle).
vi is a text editor which is widely used by systems engineers.
Thus I can edit large texts and programs with a few key-strokes.
It is very comfortable for me, so I often type vi commands on non-vi editor:
I watched a movie yesterday.
``Inception``
we went to eat at a Japanese restaulant in Shinjuku.
But, as you can see, my English is not enough to enjoy English; for example by watching CNN and BBC news or listening to English music.
``Reborn``, ``Hetalia``, and ``Detective Conan``.
Also, childrens 'crimes are not because of comics.
I'm studying English, so I can go to university.
Talking about the schedule, I checked the schedule and realised I reached work far earlier than I thought.
That was why we swore not to use Japanese during our time here.
They speak fluently in their own language but can't recognize mistakes in English.
At the beginning, a girl's shouting with very high pitch and tremolo is stimulating.
Furthermore, he even assumed that I said something I've never said before, like ``Those you refer to as good high schoolers``.
Next Sunday, I'm going to participate in a marathon race which is 30km distance.
Hello, my name is Gabriella.
We met a lot of tourists in the centre.
The whole time, he was asking everyone to support him.
I've been introduced by another Japanese friend and already knew about him, but I had no time to meet him at that time; I just had his cellular phone number.
But he wants to speak conversational Japanese fluently and he has plans to go to Japan.
For adults, natural disasters represent/ mean loss.
In the film, President Mubarak doesn't know anything about the conditions of the people.
This film seems to say that the president is a victim of his ministers and government that tell him that the country is doing well and everything is okay.
It wants us to believe that the president doesn't know about the problems and obstacles that Egyptians encounter.
This cook blows the whistle on the corruption in Egypt and tell the president exactly what happens in the country.
It is hard to believe that a president could be so naive.
You shouldn't be disappointed just because your effort doesn't give you any fruit.
However, according to what I heard from my friend who has it, the filter of the system becomes clogged once a month.
Some of them dream of the numbers and then buy lottery tickets.
Sometimes they believe ghosts can help them win the lottery. As for me, I don't like to play the lottery because I don't know how to do it.
Three months ago my uncle died. Many people bought lottery tickets using the numbers of my uncle's birthday and they won the lottery.
Recently I went to my friend's funeral. Before she was cremated we saw that her numbers were 14, 41 (we saw from the box that her body was in before they cremated her). Lots of my friends decided to buy lottery tickets but I did not because I believed that maybe I wouldn't have luck.
This morning my friend asked me if I bought lottery tickets or not. She said she won the lottery today and 3 of my other friends won the lottery too. They are going to get merit for my deceased friend to say thank you.
I will write much about that tiring trip on another diary.
Correcting each others 'sentences.
I watched the movie ``Inception``.
He spoke with a Japanese accent, but very fluently.
I am looking forward to his next movie ``SHANGHAI``
I'm sure that she will certainly achieve her purpose.
When the car drove away, I whispered very softly 'I wish you good luck'.
3-Draw a green rectangle of the same size underneath the blue rectangle.
My favorite is looking at things.
I'm very tierd because I have to study hard for tests.
I have already planned to go to NY during winter vacation and go shopping, so I have to save money definitely.
I like when people around me are tolerant.
I am still ashamed of myself, when I remember it.
My mother often said that she had difficulty making me eat.
For example, the difference of ``clash``, ``crash``, and ``crush``.
But after I entered university, I don't study grammar.
Entrance examinations questioned me a lot about idioms and grammar.
As you know, my English grammar is often wrong.
It is a pleasure for me to eat my mother's cooking whenever I return (to) (my) home, so I was very much disappointed..
If you are reading my diary, I would like to say 'Thanks' to you.
From now, I hope I will be able to continue writing my diary.
Are there good ways to join the conversation?
My first diary in here lacks unity......
How appealing and-perhaps sadly-how untrue.
Italian: Wait. In my country, many people are doing... (2min)...
Japanese people are normally taught by teacher and parents:
From my point of view, this is why Japanese are so quiet in that they say almost nothing but smile while in a group in class.
In fact, it's a bit tough for Japanese, while overseas, to find 'the end' of a person's talking.
Some stores start to close on the evening of Christmas Eve.
And this time, I have to start living alone, no friends and colleagues.
I went to IKEA to buy chairs, because my realtor promise me to pay them on conditions to contract my room.
I need speak more and more English because of my Job recently
Recently, my favorite singer is
All of the band members have already had experience with other musical projects.
worked with many different musical styles from Ska-punk to Hardcore.
electronic samples.
I'm afraid I can't pass the exam for university, so I want to study English well.
And do you add sugar and milk to it?
So I want to learn English right now.
3 days ago, I heard he broke up with her!!!
This is because it will be useful for me for when I start working in the future.
This is a small and a light weight watch with GPS and heart rate monitor.
There were some foreigners.
So our goal of the day was difficult. We wanted to talk with some foreigners to study English.
In the first store, there weren't any foreigners, and then we moved to another pub.
In the second one we met one person, and spoke to him..
It was so exciting.
Everything has two faces, living in the school also has disadvantages.
Such as the posession problem.
The different living habits of the students are also a big problem.
But I do not know what to do.
Please send me a message.
I enjoyed the view from the window of the taxi that we took to get to the city center.
The hotel that we stayed at is near the KL Sentral station (It is a central train station).
We looked forward to taste some delicious Malaysian cuisine.
So I have to look up the words in the dictionary many times.
I hope I can finish this book before next Saturday.
This means I have to readabout 100 pages a day because I just started it today.
Even better, I could designate a cup for a specific purpose and use it only for that purpose.
It made me desperate.
So I want to improve my speaking skills by training from you, Stephany:) and also by exercising hard.
Let me know if you know the names of the American competent authorities in the airport and their email addresses.
I felt very full and my belly seems so big.
Today was the third day of my internship; the second one was similar to the first one, which was pretty boring and very useless. Although, I could use a computer to read manuals in English, and a couple in Spanish.
I stayed in Canada for a year as a working holiday student.
I feel euphoric.
I think that family is the most permanent and best of friends.
So I'm going to leave at 6: 30 PM and tell my mother ``I don't need dinner tonight and I might come home late.``.
I asked everyone ``Would you communicate with me on Skype?
First Diary
Actually, I'm not sure whether we could beat them, since our team members are not our best.
Now, I'm in the corporate planning department.
I wore a skirt, so everyone said that I am crazy!!!
Fuckin 'rich and intelligent people and the financial crisis; we need a red revolution around the world.
I'm looking foward to seeing Mont-Saint-Michel.
My younger son respects his father at least because he isn't scared of cockroaches.
And my mother tongue is Japanese, so I will be willing to correct many sentences wrote in Japanese.
and I want to go Europe for summer vacation.
My family consists of my father, mother, sister and a cat named Hiro.
By the way, in Kyoto it's 2 degrees, so it is really cold.
Do you know Family Computer?
Family computer (it is called Nintendo Entertainment System abroad) is a video game console.
Recently, games are high spec and very complex.
The seminar was critical for me, so I took many notes about the meeting content and clipped them in my documents.
Besides, I also received several intivations of commercial cooperation which may enrich business chances of our company.
It is hard for me to say and write what I think immediately.
It seems like it's in thered this month so I need to be tight the monthly expense next month.
We'll go to inexpensive restaurants.
On March the 7th, we left Osaka early in the morning.
In Ishikawa, we did some sightseeing, and took a spa.. (Japanese bath)
We talked about anything and everything until the next morning, and then took a spa again.
, I also cannot forget those friday nights when we used to drink many alcohol and chat to each other.
When I master bookkeeping, I will be able to judge the financial status of many companies.
I worry about whether I can snowboard better than I have,
Computers are also used in businesses to place and cancel orders.
However, I sometimes forget such ideas until I finish taking shower.
Sorry about the short diary.
In Japanese culture, it's called OBON.
Because there is noone in cemeteries.
Removing spots in my face
This pain was like a hot needle pricked into my skin.
After the operation had been done, I could see traces of burnt spots through the mirror.
Nowadays, it is common to see people walking while texting or talking on their cell phone without being aware of what's going on around them.
This scene can be found anywhere from on the street to on buses as long as the places are within the coverage area.
when we rushed to public telephones and make phone calls using telephone cards.
I learned this from betrayal, from pain
anyhow, time never stops for man, although the world is not good enough, but life goes on, so we have to move on
They energetically gave their resumes to the companies where they wanted to work in the future.
I registered immediately when I knew about this, however, I had a midterm
which made me really really busy last weak, so I have to wait till this week to post my first diary here.
I have to take TOEFL on 9th, May, and now I feel overwhelmed,
The first and the second photos are of a used kimono fair held at a department store in Osaka.
Good kimono have clear patterns without any scratches.
(I don't know whether the pattern is any good.)
So I'm afraid if you are American or European, it might be too small for you.
Today, for the second time in all the years I've known her, as I was bending down to pet her, at first she did let me pet her then she jumped onto my lap and climbed up to my shoulder where she stayed for quite some time, her hind feet on the right, her front feet on the left and rubbing her chin on my left shoulder and letting me pet in turns. (I've never seen her doing that with any other person.)
Last year I went there with my mother and we were collecting a bunch of them for making jam.
Only this time I wasn't wearing my pullover anymore (I had taken it off on my way down), so I could feel her claws hook into my shoulder (ouch).
to do pioneering work, we worked hard for our dream, so we could grow into a useful and wonderful man.
In modern times, some people claim that we should learn second languages without translating into our mother tongue and we can learn a language by connecting words together and by paraphrasing.
Hi, Nada is my avatar name at Second Life.
I don't believe that...
I am worried about the (my) coridoras.
He is always full of energy and a real hundful for me.
My tutor said ``Don't translate``.
I think I can't translate any language so I need to speak English in English.
My two sons playing ``KARATE``.
Recently, I collected pictures of my classmates 'smiles and put them together.
This picture will be part of our junior yearbook.
The picture can be a keepsake for our junior class.
In one year, we will all graduate and go to different places.
This year, we will work for a better usage of the french language in writings and we will try to discover other cultures by written correspondence with some class around the world.
We had a really heavy rain yesterday.
I met my friends who are my classmates and had met new friends who are from Saudi Arabia,
I've just dropped in McDonald's and
I love the walnut tart that is sold at ``Quil fait Bon``. ``Quil fait Bon`` is a patisserie specializing in tarts.
After our dinner, we went to a cafe.
3 months ago I learned English with my personal teacher, but now I am compelled to learn English by myself.
Because my teacher is very busy.
But verbs and times are my curse.
I want to talk in English with people, who talk in English every day.
I want to work for a foreign affiliated company.
And I achieved it.
I noticed that I can concentrate in meetings in English only for 30 minutes.
30 minutes after the beginning of the meeting, my ears and brain get tired.
There is nothing in my mind, but it doesn't mean that I have no idea. But I need to take everyday as my last day.
However, it is difficult to understand the strategy of chess because I'm accustomed to the rule of ``Shogi``.
I have had two turtles for around 15 years:-) Their names are ``KA-`` and ``ME-``.
Then I could spend a very interesting time!!!!!
It was a lot of homework......
Lang-8 is a very good web for learning languages.
I found it in a magazine.
Recently Lang-8 is not working smoothly.
It's a little embarrassing to play it when there are a lot of people in the elevator hall.
There were actually.
I cooked rice balls, boiled chicken and flyed (maybe fried) go-ya.
It's a little bit weird to say good-bye to someone who I meet for the first time, but it sure is a good opportunity to meet new people!
and immediately fell in love with the place.
I've worked in the International trade for almost 2 years, but in the new HR's eyes, I'm still a newbie as I'm starting in a new place.
2 months have passed. No tasks, no assignment, and the formal training course seems just a waste of both our time.
Actually Ispecialized in business English and have former experience with daily use glassware.
There were many piles of DVDs.
Also I hope to communicate with someone in English.
So let me introduce myself!
I love chatting with my friends, playing sports (I especially love badminton), and listening to music etc.
By the way, I took part in a international party in Ginza, Japan the other day.
Of course there were also lots of Japanese, who were all eager to make friends and practise English, as well.
I prepare for going to school by listening to music every morning.
But I get the urge to buy once in a while ^ ^.
I invited a Japanese friend to my place.
Of course, I can be a good Chinese teacher.
Today's schedule
It's very comfortable for me.
Some people think there are many benefits to have machines or even robots deal with tasks.
If we can make the machines work for us, we'll be able to create a completely new life style which is healthy and suitable for all the human beings.
We will try delicious foods in Hokkaido, such as chicken, Japanese crabs, shrimps, various vegetables and so on.
I'll look forward to it very much.
Electronic propulsion
My major is Aerospace Engineering. We study how airplanes fly and learn how to create powerful rocket engines etc..
Most of my colleagues in the laboratory are studying a plasma electronic propulsion system which has poor thrust (0. 01 ~ 1NS), however its efficiency is awesome!!, It's ten times more efficient than chemical ones, which are normally used in rockets, (The space shuttle being an example).
The kind of work that interests me the most is research.
I am highly interested in study, especially in human dynamics.
I will give her everything as well as my life and I think she will be the treasure of my life.
According to the news, only one domestic line and one international line have been put into service.
I welcome the new airport which creates new business chances, because I work at a travel agency.
When I made a woolon tea like I usually do, I noticed the difference in taste.
This time I'd like to speak about the club I belong to.
We invited some amateur music groups.
I think that song and art is very wonderful.
Thousands of residents from a part of Fukushima prefecture, which has had a serious problem with nuclear power plants in the March disaster, have been told to leave their homes.
In addition, my laundry won't dry because of the humidity.
Since I don't have many opportunities to speak English here in Japan, I think my speaking skills are getting worse.
I will be in Budapest in Hungary, between May 7th and 13th, to attend a conference.
There is no direct flight from Taiwan to Budapest, so we need to fly to Wien, (Vienna?), and then travel to Budapest either on another airline, or by bus or train.
BUT now the host family is a of some concern.
She told my daughter that she had a really hard time with the same host family because the host mother has been suffering menopausal symptoms and when she is really low, she yells at others and throws things.
My first name ``Satoshi`` means ``cleaver, smart and wise.``
Yesterday I rented ``Hostel`` which some people recomended to me here.
Otherwise, It will be more difficul to find a job.
In the USJ, there are many kind of Halloween decorations.
We all have beautiful penmanship.
The operability??? of Query is absolutely indespensable to screen operation and I use ajax??? as much as possible and.....
However, I can't talk to her face to face, because I'm a very shy boy, so I will talk to her tomorrow.
I registered to Lang-8 to improve my English.
Because you can't eat and you can't drink.
[WE ARE THE WORLD] and I lost my way (;;)
There is no doubt that I turned right.
My homework... Correct please please please please please
Dinara Safina is one of our favourite Russian tennis stars.
There is a big Cathedral.
The Cathedral often holds festivals.
Though it's small, it is very convenient.
Going from Toledo to Central Madrid only takes 30 minutes by train.
Billie Joe made some fans get up on stage and sing a song.
It was unexpected!
What a beautiful day!
I drank a glass of white wine.
It was very tasty, but it was too sweet for me.
So we had to go another restaurant after that.
But sometimes when I listen to difficult English, for example CNN snd BBC and so forth, they use words I don't know, so I have to conjecture their spellings or meanings only by pronunciation or context.
Meanwhile, mutton is less popular than other meats, like a beef, pork and chicken
in Japan.
Greece, Iran, Spain, Jordan....
But there are not any Uighur resturants in Tokyo.
It's hard to believe that I don't have to go to the academy anymore.
I downloded an application which allows me to play poker online.
These breads are very expensive!
I eat a lot of bread, but I'm on a diet!
A lot of Japanese food was sold on the street, such as tempura, udon, dango, kakigori (shaved ice with syrup on top).
Today's part time job was working as a delivery staff for a pizza.
I delivered to six families for only two hours.
In my apartment, one of the lamp bulbs on the ceiling burned out, so I changed them.
I belong to the third branch of Hiratsuka volunteer fire fighting unit.
We quickly gathered in our office and went to the accident spot on fire engine.
The spot was the mini factory of Japanese sweets,
and the heat sensor responded to the steam from making sweets.
so it's very fun to communicate with the people who have different backgrounds.
``Drinking together helps our teamwork grow.
Two month ago, Japan had a big earthquake.
I wasn't affected because the epicenter is far from my prefecture.
However, when I get paper money, I put it in 2 partitions. (Korea has a 4 kinds of paper money; w10000, w5000, w1000 and check)
I'm busy so I can't write in my diary......
Bye bye.
I am listening to the Presidential Inaugural Address on my podcast.
His speech is very good!!
Syabu syabu is very popular japanese food.
Nabe is vegetable, meat, fish and etc.
and, very delicious!
During the meeting, some professor and I discussed a way of teaching science.
A professor gave me a lot of advice.
When he finally left school, he travelled to New York, where he became a student at drama school.
I am sure that although most of my painting friends on Facebook are just virtual friends right now, someday they will become my actual friends!!!
It has been a really really really long time since I last wrote my diary!
Actually I just dropped by after following up an introduction on jandan. net about this interesting place, [insert space] where people WITH DIFFERENT LANGUAGES AND CULTURAL BACKGROUNDS can exchange their ideas and thoughts... Most importantly, it allows native language speakers to give suggestions on your blog, [insert space] mainly about how to write it in YOUR second language... [insert space] A pretty cool idea ~ ~
I am college student and I belong to soccer club.
His ball technique is unbeliebable!!
The loneliness that keeps out a charming smile.
Beyond my idea.
I really like that city because it is not only the first country I've gone to overseas but it also has many tourist attractions.
Many lights were reflected on the sea.
It opens on Saturday and Sunday.
Oh, I remember a man who could paint a picture with spray.
However, it remains unclear how this affective bias affects the memory as the distraction.
Visiting a grave.
As we know, the smoke of a cigarette contains various kinds of harmful chemicals. Some of which have been proved to cause lung cancer, such as nicotine, ammonia, ethanol, carbon monoxide, arsenic, and napthalene.
In fact, there are some cases a cigarette is the cause of a house burning down. A cigarette can cause serious consequenses.
I readThe Economist, however, and itsaid thatJapan can't escape The lost decade because of indifference towards politics on the part of people and politicians. I disagree with the statement.
Indeed, how to change our lifestyle is a crucial problem.
1) Clearly state your purpose (why you want to be or do so) and prize.
Although I drank a lot of wine with my friend for 6 hours last night, the result of exam was A.
Once the mark is caused, it is permanent.
Yesterday, I took part in an interview for the Beijing Western Sunshine Rural Development Foundation.
There are many university students going to there to help improve the current situation.
Though I failed in this interview,
I finally get 3 days off in a row here...
A five-year old girl was found by Russian police in the Far East territory in Russia.
So many people are suffering from hunger and poverty in Russia these days.
The police brought charges against her parents.
Finally, we decided to buy a sofa!
Although I haven't got a lot of money, I buy a beautiful clothes.
Even though I couldn't understand the words well, I could enjoy the pictures and the sound and I roughly understood the story.
Spending time with my family, visiting my grandma and going to a shrine to pray for a Happy New Year for all...
I'm very cold, but there are many air-conditioners that are used all over the area.
Also, I have to attend my class, but I've been getting up late, so I haven't been going there.
Please check my diary!
Yesterday, I went to the New Internatinal Students Welcome Party at my university.
I l learned how to find ecnomics datas.
It is a very interesting place for me to make many friends and communicate with many foreigners.
I'm so frustrated.
Now it's pouring still harder like turning the bucket over
Please do me a favor and tell me the meaning of this sentence: The men are in a snack.
My ankle was sprained in the afternoon when I played volleyball...
It's so shameful when I recall it now, because there were many students on the volleyball court...
Maybe I can't play volleyball for a few days...
So it damages a lot and many people feel uncomfortable.
So I suggested it to my 3 co-workers.
If you are available, please correct them.
Although I've lived in japan since I was born, I am now planning to study abroad in Canada this july.
I think that just only speaking Japanese is unworthy in a global world.
so I hope to contact each other by using this useful site.
I felt as if I were moistened.
An intense tornado struck Joplin, Missouri in the US.
and elementary school teacher.
I like traveling all around world.
But unfortunately since we don't have that, my husband just grated onion for me while crying.
I recommend to you!
My dream come true
Finally I really hope go along with them...
But, on reflection, the postage price is as large as the price of the clothes.
So, I regret now.
Many friends recommended this drama to me before, but I didn't watch it because I was watching another drama, ``Lost``.
In our company, the phenomenon is found surely.
Those who are in their twenties don't like it more than those who are in their thirties, and the occasions to drink it seem to decrease.
When Joy entered Mcdonalds, Ji and Min already sit.
I should have studied more...
That was her first solo concert and her first CD was released on the same day.
After that, I went home and practiced soccer and today, I practiced passing, trapping, dribbling and guarding (?).
The session is a drop-off class but it's a 20 minute drive from home, so I waited for her for 2 hours in the cafe nearby.
It made me feel very busy and tired.
(My neighbor/ One of my neighbors) is attending an Italian course in the Italian Institute, and told us on Sunday that Giovanni will gave a interview talk about his books, and will play a few songs in the Institute on Tuesday evening as his debut in London.
I study dentistry in hokkaido university.
My part time job is tennis instructor.
My First Writing
Although I have been learning English for a couple of years, my writing skill is still not good enough.
Frankly speaking, I do hope I can make some progress in writing.
The idea of helping people improve their language skill by SNS, totally attracts me.
My vocabulary is limited.
because the less people there are, the more you can have the opportunity to speak English.
The teacher asked us several questions.
However the financial crisis recalls the ghost that Alan Greenspan exorcised in the late 80s.
May God help America, I can't stop praying.
I can't speak English well
but the teachers are very good so I will certainly grow.
Yesterday morning, I drove my indian female friend to the animal shelter.
I don't know what will happen to me as a volunteer in the future.
Furthermore, there is the English test on next Saturday, so I hope I can cope with this test with confidence and knowledge which I have studied for 6 months.
Writing is one of the most difficult skills, I hope I'll improve it using this service, moreover I hope to get to know new and interesting people here. Who have and know new ideas, and can enrich my life with new conversations.
so my essay is always basic level.
Even then, it's an arduous trek.
It is natural phenomena isn't it.
Why do some people accept homosexuality?
I don't know exactly about that.
Writing a diary is very exciting for me...
I think that learning other languages not only gets a skill of communication but also obtains another country's method of how to think.
Me interesa el flamenco, la salsa, el viaje y la gente (?).
ciao.
It was very crowded in front of the Mona Lisa.
I'm curious.
what does 'cracking up over' mean?
``Food desert`` means a situation where many people, particularly elderly citizens, have problems buying food because a lot of small shops closed down due to the emergence of super markets, department stores and discount stores, and large shops are generally far from shoppers.
Pottery! ``in the magazine I got when I exchanged (or switched) to the iPhone4.
I am studying economics.
I scrubbed the inside of rusty frying pan with a brush.
After that, I ate an egg tart at a bakery.
There are many similar words between the two languages even though one is a descendant of Latin and another is from Germanic.
I decided to keep a dairy everyday.
Please read my diary.
Three days before I found a music video of my favorite group on internet (You tube),
the Four Marionnets played Coldplay's song.
The remarkable stage effects and stage staff (marrionnets) were interesting to watch.
Time goes by so quickly. I remember what I was back then..
Nowadays people can't live without them if they want to be a part of society.
It is coverd with honey, sprinkled with nuts, and has added chocolate and icecream!
One professor in my university said he has a favorite foreign language word too.
Development of Tea in Taiwan
there were a lot of people, many foreigners there, who played soccer, baseball and badminton.
summer is coming:>
The pictures in japanese books and magazines are of course nice, but
But, this is girl only university.
I rushed to the nearby bank to see the fireworks, but I couldn't.
In fact, I hadn't had a computer until I entered vocational school.
When I lived in Korea, I usually ate rice, vegetables, and meat.
Why does bad food taste better than healthy food?
Because the big typhoon is coming.
I have fun.
In Kochi, they are eaten with only salt.
I love my friends, who are sadly suffering from a cold.
Now, it is around 3am in Japan.
It is raining and I am listening to the sound of the rain through the window.
As I pretended to call a policeman,
However, almost all the people in Tokyo live their ordinary lives, like before.
I'm taking a bath now.
I sometimes take a bath for a long time!! ^ ^
I have passed the intermediate interpretation examination in Shanghai last month.
Syllabus was well written and the class followed syllabus
Professor provided feedback after the exam or assignment.
I watched English teaching programs hosted by CCTV, Taiwan TV, and read my textbook each morning.
And I would never forget a word that I have learned, including the spelling.
But I can't spell a word quickly, for instance, the word infant I can only take it as a whole instead of as ``I-N-F-A-N-T``. I can pronounce and write it quickly, though.
I think English words are similar to pinyin of Mandarin, I am good at pinyin, so it's easy for me to master English.
I never paid any attention to English grammar, but well, it doesn't matter.
But now, I have been studying Japanese for 5 years and I've nearly forgot my English.
One interesting thing is that I can speak English casually without worrying about grammar error, while I am not confident at all when I speak Japanese; there are always new problems that I encounter and I cannot express myself well.
Accidentally, I found this site and registered here. So I do not do well like everyone.
The Summer.. please help me..
In the summer there is a holiday for schools and universities in the majority of countries.
I forgot the name of beach though, this is located in La Paz which is in the southern part of California peninsula.
It is so peaceful like the name s.
O shin... Japanese serial
You can see the clouds and lake stretched out below.
My major is Accounting, which is a so complex a course for me to study, but it pays to work hard in this promising subject.
My dog died and I lost my job. My business failed and my money run out.
She also worked as an inter.
Because I thought being a doctor is a great job with good pay and that nobody wants to quit.
I will conduct an experiment at a university in Kyoto beginning tomorrow, where I will stay for about a week.
The first picture is at Tokyo station.
One dog `s name is YURIA, she's a poodle.
One dog `s name is RIMU, she's a poodle.
I decided to write a diary gradually starting today.
I couldn't find good gifts which will make her pleased.
This is the first time that I write a diary.
I can't even grip a pencil.
My hobby is playing sports, especially Basketball.
I am on the bus going to the church.
During the course, we taught them how to make dumplings and chatted with each other
I'm 24 years old and I'm a systems engineer of a securities company. programmer?
and I did excercises with my best effort.
when I was finished, I couldn't laugh about myself ^ ^
They talked to each other for a while.
In recent days, I have not been happy because I quarreled with my boyfriend.
I admit I overdrank last night but I was still sober.
Some even advise me to invest 80% of my time studying mathematics.
As the story is so interesting, I read it quickly.
I thought I wanted to become a warm person like his neighbor.
Even if the story is sad, the book was funny and interesting.
Later, I want to watch the movie 'The Homeless Student' too.
The students cannot swim in their school's pool in the big city because of the water shortage.
The farmers have terrible quarrels about water for their rice fields.
Although I have lived here in Taiwan for over 20 years, I still can't get used to the hot weather.
Although the temperature there was higher than in Taiwan, the weather in Taiwan is usually hot and humid, which makes me sweaty and uncomfortable all the time.
It was July 4th yesterday, the birthday of America.
Because I felt dizzy when I drank it.
Well, not exactly.
To make friends with foreigners, for business purposes, to go abroad....
Hello everyone
If it's a coinsidence, then it's quite a big one, isn't it?
Additionally I will meet my friend at night.
I think this main function is to call somebody.
While I was riding on the rocking train after that, I remembered what a priest said.
He said that they ate many delicious foods and had a nice time.
Today, the introduction of my family.
I have parents and brother (s) and a dog.
Today was very cold.
After have a bath, I will go to bed.
In Japan, it will soon be ``tsuyu``.
Now, when I thought that XiaoBei parted with Haizao XiaoBei felt deep distress because she was not faithful to him.
It's been a long time since I last logged in on Lang-8.
Great Thank Rabbit and King Goodbye Lion
My writing is terrible, so I feel stressed/ nervous about writing in English.
I think speaking is much easyer than writing.
The theme of this special number magazine is 'running', and I've decided to start to run.
Writing is necessary to improve language
So, I will search for another plan!!
Tonight, it is such a beautiful night, the stars are so beautiful.
I saw a news report about a solar-powered airplane that can fly using solar power in the daytime and with batteries at night.
Several days ago, I had a conversation with a foreign teacher, who comes from Germany and teaches German in my university.
I couldn't conceal my excitement at this communication, because it was my first time communicating with a foreigner face to face.
We just briefly greeted each other, and then there was a long silence.
The score was 7-83, Japan was completely defeated.
(How should I describe a person like him?)
anyway, I'm still confused how to use it?
When the climate is wet and really cold, it's hard for me to wake up early.
I don't have enough willpower to study more and more in morning, wasting lot of time.
Fortunately, this week is holiday and I don't have to attend classes.
Their dance and rhythm is fascinating to Japanese people.
I play the flute.
That makes keep up hope when watching dreadful stories of the world.
I graduated at a university this year, but the ceremony was carried through.
It was postponed by influence of Hukushima's strong earthquake about 3 months ago.
He has just graduated
About 15 minutes in the first half, Paul Scholes was kicked by a danish player and got his knee (or ligament) injured.
Before I went there, I didn't like studying English.
And I like taking pictures, traveling, eating good food and drinking, haha
Tomorrow, I will look for a new residence.
Due to the specifics of being with the people who are from elementary school to high schoolers, I am supposed to know how to treat them accordingly.
There are about ten little kids in my school bus (mainly, I am in charge of monitoring the school bus) and among them, there is a first grade kid who I have scolded a lot for being loud.
Relieved: I'm relieved that I obtained the offer for the job.
Recently, I don't have high motivation..
I will leave to Tokyo, by JAL at 3: 50 in the evening.
Then, one of my colleagues assisted me and appealed that kind of needs
When I meet the manager of the HR, he demanded an English interview.
I'm 24 years old.
My mother, father, younger sister, younger brother and me.
For Valentines day I make gateau chocolate every year.
So, I like gateau chocolate.
Because it is funny and different.
Red can pretend to be dangerous and it's sexy.
The whole tasting process was so enjoyable, watching the sparkling champagne in the glasses made me feel living in the high society, although I am not!
Singing Taiwanese songs in KTV makes me high, and I hope tomorrow I will have my cell phone number ready for a good hiking trip!
Two of them are on Visual Basic 2010, the other is on Visual C + + 2010.
I have programmed in C + + before but I have totally forgotten the specification.
I want to be an efficient programmer!! and earn more money!!
I'm already depressed with my exams, I don't need to hear that 3 hospitals and 5 Primary schools have been bombarded this morning at Gaza.
When I first came to Tanzania, we changed at the rate of 1300 Tsh to the U.
I went to a vegetarian festival in Kyoto with my friends today.
It's not good looking or useful so far.
I used easy word, only present tense, and not complex words; perfect tense, passive voice because I want to know whether subjects can make relatice clauses or not.
How do you study language?
It's a software to memorize words and phrases efficiently.
Are you good at memorizing new vocabulary items?
It's not surprising that we forget our memory
Please try this method if you would like to study new language efficiently.
You can surely memorize many new words!
But my family had trouble, so I had to solve the problem immediately.
It has been ten days since the Chinese Lunar New Year.
Now I have a lots of great photos that me and my friends took yesterday and today.
The next time I'll see her is in the summer.
In my opinion we have argument between security and the risk against [parasite] of each school.
I have never search it and also read, so I am not sure how [ura site] is but it seems that student write about other student's bad point or something hurts others.
Mobiles could be very useful to prevent the crime from children.
If my friend has time, we'll play catch ball or watch games.
If you are the one of people who lent me a hand on my survey, I really appreciate it.
In the end, she sent me some useful resources about the theme by e-mail.
Today, I had three classes; English, Japanese and Chinese.
Because it was the weekend today, many people visited.
Because all of the employees are kind and happy.
Sometimes foreign people go there.
American, Korea, and Chinese people.
And I also attended the Chinese classes in my Company.
Yesterday, I had a class titled ``perfect pronunciation`` at the university.
We learn the North American English pronunciation in the class.
Michael Scofield.
Like other girls, I was meant to be a fan of Michael Scofield.
Anyway, I looked up on the internet about Wentworth Miller hoping that he is really a person who is like Michael Scofield in Prison Break.
When I was a junior high school student, I went to Kyoto.
As I'm interested in Japanese history, especially the ``Shinsengumi``, I want to go places that have a connection with the ``Shinsengumi``.
People don't look interested in a naked artist performing on the street, a group of tap dancing people or a movie filming location with a lot of famous actors.
Their birthday is tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
When I pay, I found that I have 4000 yen.
There are beautiful flowers here.
However, it was lucky we was able to meet one of the customers and tried to make him purchase our product.
So I cannot understand the actions of the sea shepherd.
Although the decrease in conversation is a very serious matter, the number of such families has increased.
The holiday is celebrated every year on 1 September since 1984.
I am not a student for 9 years already, but I have never forgotten this holiday!
So now I need a good environment for me to learn.
I will watch it again when I go back to Japan.
I'm studying English and Chinese.
Our teacher asks us several questions.
When I looked around on the way to the school, cars were stacked, and streets were filled with people.
To make matters worse, everybody was walking very slowly like a turtle.
English is my second language and I have been having a hard time getting Canadian professional accreditation in order to practice nursing here in Canada.
Although she always made out with her husband, she can't speak English that well.
doom: The criminal was doomed to get the chair.
We Chinese cannot log into SNS websites such as Facebook and Twitter.
We can just lives under the ``umbrella``
I made handmade BBQ sauce today.
It contained soy sauce, garlic, sesame seeds, sesame oil, and sugar.
Inside of it there were 3 motors and metal frames,
This Exhibition is called ``Interior Life Style Exhibition`` in Japan. It is done once a year.
She told me about her friends who went to america to work and travel and take care of the childrean in the usa for one year.
A pack of cigarettes is expensive, isn't it?!
I swear, I will never smoke cigarettes.
So I will have to study hard from tomorrow.
Hi all. This is my first time posting something in English. I'm from Moldova (If you know where that is.) Soon I will immigrate with my family to Canada (My father, mother and sister.) So Girls, I'm free. ^_ ^..
Today, my father will cook Okonomiyaki for dinner, which is a Japanese style pizza, for the first time in a long while.
I am going to keep watching CNN somehow, although I can't completely understand what they say..
One of my hobbies is playing the guitar.
I'm learning Japanese but now I'm just a beginner.
So that's why I chose the 5-fingered socks as his birthday present.
I held a drink party for my friend who will get married this October.
I hope for their happiness.
Yesterday, my friend told me about Lang-8.
Sometimes I pretend I'm one of the characters and say their lines.
Maybe I just have no feeling, no spirit, no inspiration to write an English journal entry, I don't know.
This evening I got the news about a volcano on Mount Kirishima in Japan!
but when I take her for a walk, she is so crazy!
I wanna sky jump and bungee jump and go surfing before I die.
but I'm a little chicken, can I really do them?
by the way, during 2nd period, I went to a tiring progress of education class.
It had English language for the details. Then I checked it, and
Inside of the diary there was a story from someone.
I was really excited and kept reading the diary. Then I saw many pictures from him that were inside the box and a card that said
``Happy birthday Noy.``
^_____ ^ Ohh my, that was the first present I got.
Inside it was written something such as ``I hope it will reach you before your birthday.``
Then my mouth opened and finally smiled and I said to myself ``Thank you, my wonderful from Lang-8.``
I want to write about one of my favourite series Desperate Housewives.
It tells about their life, their husbands, their children and relations with their neighbours.
I woke up at 7 o 'clock, and then I washed my clothes.
It continues from June to July.
I wonder why there is no rainy season in Hokkaido.
I hope to go to Hokkaido during this season.
We enjoyed it.
I found the Penguin Readers books in my town's library today.
She is so friendly and nice.
The visible air pollution reflects certain wavelengths of sunlight back into space and this weakens the effect of visible air pollution on the earth.
I think I'm going to go to the library later (today).
What I do is I first check my library, and then only if they don `t have what I want, I'll think about whether to buy it or not.
I like shooting games, some of them are violent, but I never want to kill people. also I don't think I'm stupid.
Movies, books, TV dramas, those entertaiments have some violence, but adults judge only video games that are not educational.
And do you think violence expressions make us obscene?
And surprisingly, when I went out to drink some days ago, all of my friends said ``Wow, are you on diet?``
OJT wa tanoshi katta (The OJT was fun)
Watashi no Jikan de hiragana wo benkyou shimasu (I was wasting my time by studying hiragana)
Hello. Starting from this week, I'll be writing a blog.
By the way, I decided (decided) to write a diary EVERYDAY!
My condition consists of physical and mental something.
Maybe we can exchange opinions!
If you want to make friends, let me know!
In the future, I want to write about my hobbies and music.
Now Japan has quake and radiation problems, so yesterday's concert was held for charity.
Women's final of the Wimbledon championship tennis tournament will start at 22: 00 Japan time.
He is going to Kochi Prefecture today.
I'm going to meet some friends and have dinner with them.
In the congress, 7 minutes of presentation and 3 minutes of question time is allowed for each presenter.
What a wonderful food name XD Has anyone eaten it before?
Today is holiday work.
I went to the office in Tokyo by Shinkansen (bullet train).
If it's right, does this sentence, ``Bob doesn't like you very much.`` exist grammatically?
I want them to overcome the pressure and win the next game as well.
We went to Palace of Verailles, the Louvre Museum and Mont-Saint-Michel.
We went to chateau and took part in Marathon.
Weather forecast says it will snow till midnight.
Have a good weekend
I think I will go to shopping and look around the market. I would like to buy a new magnet.
There are a lot of stores in the weekend market.
I hope you have a good weekend.
Her school has a cafeteria, but underclass students tend to bring their own lunch boxes.
I like investigating blood types.
The result wasn't bad because my score was fifty points higher than last exam.
I think that the cloths which are sold in the shops at daikanyama are somewhat more expensive than in other shops.
I think it is good for me to improve my English.
My English is so poor!
It was a windy day in Tokyo yesterday and the day before yesterday as well.
Our country have been inviting soldiers from many years ago, but they areonly a handful ofthem.
Would you check my English sentences, please?
I am confident that if you practice Korean with me, you will have progress.
And I forgot my umbrella.
I have a friend who is very popular with men.
It's completely obvious that he is into her.
(His behavior is better????)
Firstly, Let me introduce myself.
Our tennis team practices almost everyday.
calligraphy is difficult, but it's a lots of fun.
However, I wrote not only my insistence but also my gratitude to them in it.
We would just simply connect to the Internet.
My major is Architecture.
I couldn't figure out why because he never told me how he felt.
because the weather was bad.
Today's schedule includes ethics, mathematics (logarithms), Korean history, mathematics (matrix), Korean literature (poetry), and Korean geography and self-teaching.
When you were a student, what was your favorite subject?
Also, I've been searching for a Japanese language school abroad.
I hurtmy finger when I was making dinner.
Halloween is not as familiar in Japan compared to other countries.
This necklace was made by me.
A Church is in fact a place where people who admit that they are sinners gather.
He sacrificed himself for me.
I hope I'll be able to visit there someday!
2) that the modern youth are so silly/ perverse/ just awful etc.
It's complicated to judge though.
But when I looked at the tables after the customers had left, there were so much leftovers as if some of the dish were left untouched.
But sometimes I see customers who order a lot of food and only eat a little of each dish.
Food shouldn't be wasted, and both customers and shops need to consider this problem.
So I moved a little to give them some space.
I tried writing what I'll talk about in an interview.
The senteces below are ones that I made for small talk before having the actual interview with my job interviewer.
even though I lived in Australia for 1 year, my English is not perfect.
I'm doing better at English than I ever have before.
(Frankly speaking, I used to say this expression like ``I'm getting better in English.
but some good friend on this site corrected it).
In February 2010 I bought a new one.
I've read that this grease is cool, because it'll cause sand and other things to not stick to the chain.
Yesterday I read the label on the grease and...
I used it as was written in the manual and it works.
and it was my first time to hike with a bike and also my first time to be on the top of the volcano. The crater was just in front of us, it was amazing.
So the result may not be too much valuable.
I wonder why I don't like the feeling of the upcoming Valentine's Day, maybe the reason why I dislike the day is because I'm single, and haven't celebrated with anyone yet.
some guy told me that I'm too picky, and my expectations were too high, but that was not true.
I have to be patient to wait for my prince, the one that may not look good but has the responsibility to build up our relationship, the relationship that I'm looking for is one where we understand each other, and no matter happens we can forgive each other.
It was cloudy and rainy.
This was a good opportunity to improve our relationship.
Please could you correct my sentences?
Address: I live at Sunter Jakarta Utara street (,) Agung Perkasa 1 Blo (c) k J 4
And with futsal until now I've made a lot of friends.
So I have to learn at least two languages.
However, the decorations were totally well done (they must have spent a lot of money) and there were some big actors like Meryl Streep and Dustin Hoffman playing small roles in it.
Many cherry blossoms were in full bloom and many people were walking and playing.
Why does the government hold these flower activities in the fall?
My vision
Someday, I would like to go abroad for business.
I'd like to make some sentences to using these below;
If we went shopping together, I wouldn't go well-known luxury brand shops with her.
I know [that], we shouldn't go there.
I thought, ``This school is suspicious.``
It's an honor for me to meet you on this website.
The reference is below.
At the same time, another roommate said: ``Teachers' Day is on September 20, isn't it? ``This time I couldn't help but laughed.
She has been living in Japan and can speak almost fluenty.
they were considering only buying one bottle of whiskey.
Fortunately I got a chance to study at a university in northern England from February to June of this year. (In other words, the spring semester for 2007/ 2008).
But I saw a good site at my office.
I haven't met anyone in this apartment but I'm looking forward to meeting inhabitants.
Today I watched sequences from Mubarak's trial (ex-president of Egypt).
I saw in old Egyptian movies that they put the accused in a cage, but I thought it was an exaggeration for dramatic purposes or it was only used in the past.
I was wondering how he managed to remember who was representing who in that chaos; lawyers and attorneys were scrambling in the front.
He asked in an angry voice for everyone to sit, and they moved slowly as if they didn't want to.
Even though we don't know the correct pronunciation in English, we can still type English words.
So I guess it was a good desicion for me.
Through traveling, we can learn to cherish everything that we have and encourage ourselves to work harder.
When I took a bath, it smarted.
These places display a slice of traditional Korean life for both domestic and foreign tourists.
Also, the Korean folk villages showcase the ancient techniques of making pottery, baskets and instruments.
But I want to recommend this place for foreign tourists who plan to visit Korea soon.
When I was a junior high school student, I belonged to a basketball
club and I enjoyed playing games.
After we got a new coach, my club won the first game.
new coach, ``Thank you for coaching us.`` He said that our club
It was important to have a good coach to
become better.
My mother is growing some herbs in my home garden.
My favorite is Caffarel which is a famous Italian chocolate.
Today is my birthday.
because I have many bad days
When I met him for the first time, I didn't know.
Okinawan people do not have a good image about the American military.
I thought he had not forgotten about hes ex-girlfriend and still loved her.
So we became a friends.
Should there be more government control of the Internet?
Some people say the government should reinforce control of the Internet.
The government fears that in other countries the public can easily share information and in the end this may lead to political upheavals.
Nevertheless, some people argue that the need of government control is to prevent frauds from using the Internet.
But most people know how Internet fraud is and are more cautious than before.
Hello, I'm Kana.
recently I've begun reading a book by H.
I want it to be like programming other computer languages very much.
Today, I had three courses to take, but, after taking just one course, I must go home because I hit my hip while stepping down on the floor.
They are sooo sweet and juicy.
I can't believe that I have an acne problem now.
I'm bummed out from trying to find a way to lose it.
What does 'twist of lemon' mean?
that's because I don't know when I can use 'be aware to'
It seems as if we have shared this bad condition.
My first food was scrambled eggs.
I took Joban line from Ueno station to Katsuta Staion.
It seemed to be close to the Kitasenju station.
He wasn't intersted in Tokyo skytree but Joban line.
c especially funk music!
My father is indifferent towards money.
I should go to university now.
the TV said, BANH MI is the top favorite food in NY.
of course, sometimes I need to wear a wetsuit if I enjoy free diving or swimming in the ocean for more than an hour.
A shark is behind you!!
In that picture, a shark was behind a man!!
It is so scary...
Hi everyone:) My name is Alyssa.
I'm planning to go back to there again really soon to work on my undergraduate diploma, and get a job there.
Anyway, I congratulated him on his wedding and then I went to take a computer exam. MOS is an exam which tests my ability to process office programs!
I made some sentences.
I went to the university library in order to study for final exams.
to tell the truth, I have written an English diary before..
but I broke down.
What do you want me to do?
(We prefer conveyor-belt sushi restaurants to classical sushi bars, because it is less expensive and has an inviting atmosphere.)
But, unfortunately, I failed to take pictures since my camera had run out of power.
4, Click ``Update`` button, and that's it.
Their expressed policies in the manifesto are as follows: The government subsidizes child rearing parents about two hundred dollars a month per child until he or she finishes junior high school.
I'm so glad to join you, a platform from which to communicate with friends all over the world and improve together.
Their songs and concerts are very powerful.
Meals are also more expensive than it was before Spring Festival.
When my classmates asked me about how my spring break was, my answer was homework, writing, writing, homework, and homework and writing.
Forth, I ever chat with one guy in a QQ group who ignored me after I talked only a few words to him due to my bad English.
With my hardwork in this passing days, I could view the progress of my english.
From now on, I will strike while the iron is hot to further my English study.
The snow masks the top of the mountain, even when the sky is clear.
There's been so much news about Google in the last two days, since Google indicated it's considering closing its business in mainland China.
Philippine adventure
I am learning how to survive in the Philippines now because the people and enviroment here is so different compared to Taiwan's.
Every jeepney on the roads has a different appearance and I guess they are all decorated by their drivers, some are really cool.
If the jeepney is full, the other passengers will stand outside the jeepney holding something (?) to make them steady, would you dare do so?
As a result, the heavy traffic pollutes the air terribly.
Food here is sweeter and there are few vegetables.
My mom has 3 bothers and sisters, and all their family will come back to spend New Year together.
They don't know how to talk gently and I always just feel so uncomfortable and try to escape them.
Although we are good friends, but I still think it's embarassing to show her my room.
That made her sick eventually.
Some students told me they want to come to watch the bee fireworks when it's Lantern festival.
teachers told me that writing a diary in English everyday helps you make sense.
but I've never tried that before.
Once you experience a striking event that affects you, you cannot help feeling this kind of event will happen again.
around you thinks you to be less attractive and even to be ugly even though it's not true.
I assume almost everyone has experienced a similar feeling and realized ``I cannot live that way, I won't give a hoot no matter how badly
I climbed the tower and I had a beautiful view from the tower!!
I found atenkaippin nooodle shop in Ebisu Tokyo.
While I was trying to build a fire, my daughter was playing around and searching for wildlife.
Of course she released them before we left.
This day is devoted to the memory of millions of Jews killed during Second World War.
We don't have TV today and all public entertainment places are closed.
I tried to make plans on Friday, but it didn't work out haha
because we dropped by taco shop.
A magnificent and gorgeous view greeted me, and I said ``hello``.
And I saw the mansion (?) of the owner of Ralph's grocery store, and we went to a friend's house to eat burritos (?)!
However, as we chilled out and laid back on the sofa, they didn't want to attend the party.
This afternoon, I suddenly remembered my Lang-8's diary when I sat in front of my computer.
There are some cities with over 1 million inhabitants.
This is a happy fact.
But, I think the most popular and useful language is English.
it's really useful.
A: I don't agree with this idea, but actually, it is important for young people to learn English for jobs, licenses, and so on.
In other programs, she will take part in a footrace, a dance and the race in which all the students roll over big balls for about one meter.
Her grandfather and mother will come to see it.
It is a very interesting position.
I wish every dream of yours comes true.
Because my university's English courses don't include speaking and writing.
I hope summer will come soon!:D
It was during basket ball.
We'll Meet Again: The Most Beautiful Scene in All Movies about Nuclear Weapons
Tomorrow is Saturday but I am writing a test...
but I was very nervous because I had to play with many good musicians.
I hope to meet a lot of friends and have a great time with you here!.
My bad habits
I have some bad habits.
But recently I have been trying to fix my bad habits.
When he meets me, he always smiles.
Contact lenses
The economy still hasn't recovered since the Lehman Shock and we unfortunately have had a terrible earthquake and nuclear accident.
I was surprised to see a junior high school student!
I bought underwear and accessories at h& m.
all the dishes taste very good!!
It was a pretty good day:)
Unfortunately my university curriculum did not include English courses, so my English ability has not improved at all.
However, nowadays I feel there is a necessity of studying English whether I like it or not.
nowadays, English is a mutual language to be used to discuss.
There are a lot of tourists from all over the world.
But I like not only Japanese culture but also the cultures of many countries.
You know, it's a kind of notebook in which I write my favourite recipes.
Of course, one which is made based on Chinese geomancy (feng shui).
However, I cannot stand the train rush hour anymore!! (couldn't)
You may feel thatyour ribs are nearly broken, or that you nearly lost all your senses from the oppressive feeling/ strain on your chest.
Actually I've heard that there are also severe traffic jams on the road among commuters in the morning in some countries, so I dont know which is more stressful-a crowded train or morning traffic jam.
Now, I totally enjoy managing the club.
I am always thinking about how I can improve our team.
They are a wish for especially boys to climb higher and higher or rise up and up in their lives like a carp.
They will collect 1000 charity bags into which are put various things, such as stationary, toys, animal dolls, books, candy, cookies, sweets and so on.
She said to me, ``I like Japan and Japanese people, so I will stay, even though 90% of my friends have returned to their home countries now.`` That was in March.
But, strangely enough, I can naturally wake up at the same time as before.
Few days ago I luckily met Andy on the Internet, he is also involved in the mentoring program, as a mentor.
Can I have him be my mentor, if it is convenient?
At the break time, my class mate gave me a sandwich and I ate it.
After school my classmate and I went to a foodcourt and we chose Indian food.
But after the last election held this August, the LDP failed to continue as the ruling party, and gave way to the DPJ.
I worked in a Japanese restaurant for four years as a waiter and cook.
It gave me a strong sense of responsibility and helped me learn the importance of communication.
Would you teach me correct English, (space) if it is not too much trouble?
When I went into the shop, I was surprised by their menu and atmosphere.
But it's difficult to make them by myself.
It's been a while since I have logged on to Lang-8 to write a diary.
Japanese SNS ``mixi``
But these days, many mixi users have stopped using it, and moved to ``Twitter``.
I am now having a plan to study abroad in Britain, so I have been to an english cram school for a couple weeks, but it's hard for me to improve my weakness.
The room is packed with people.
If you eat too much, you will pack on some pounds.
English Class
He always talks with ``Thank you`` ``That's fine.``, ``Good``, And he's very fashionable guy.
The last person is Barney!
He is teaching about how to converse well.
We had pizza while conversing with other freely.
It was my first time talking with a guy (!) in a coffee shop!
Please check if my writing is correct or not.
Recently, I'm crazy about 'gossip girl'-an American series.
Love, sex, scandal and framing are the hot points of their life, endlessly and addictively.
The complicated love game and expensive fashion of the show attracted many people's eyes including mine.
I think that's the reason why this series is so popular with people all over the world.
I think my presentation was not good enough beacuse I was too nervous!!
But I've decided that I will go abroad next year!!!!!!
I want to write essays.
Now I found this site and start to write English daily.
I decided to send a text massage in English as soon as possible for studying English.
I tried to spend time with my son on the weekend.
But, I had such a hard day on the weekend,
so quite a few tourists come here from abroad.
oh my goodness.....
I greatly appreciated Samgoht's review.
So I still went to the ``International business negotiation class``.
It is the most challenging part for me.
I felt a little bit embarrassed at being incapable of performing as well as them, so I seldom speak in the class.
They all agreed on my terms and it made me feel so good.
My (self) introduction.
Since I was hoping that Tokyo would be elected as the next place of the Olympics, I was disappointed by this election.
Olympic is the most popular sports ceremony.
and I want to watch this event directly.
They often wake up early, and go to sleep late, which me feel challenge around. is somewhat unbearable.
However, the most depressing thing is I might move to a new campus with my classmates that is far from the city center, far from my girlfriend, far from my love. I have no choice but to try a long distance love.
He is a very dependable worker, and the boss will promote him to supervisor in the future.
It was a J-league match in which Sanfrecce Hiroshima (our home team) fought against Jubiro Iwata, and they're going to fight in the final of Nabisco Cup in November.
^ ^ The result of the game was a tie but they needed to win (?) to move up near the top rank in the league.
Now I'm making up my portfolio for my. job-hunting.
I found something in front of us
I was suprised that 5 chickens were walking
My fiend said, They sometimes appear and
I thought that this movie was a comedy.
because the aliens and humans were gambling and buying and selling meat and cat food. connect with last sentence
to do walking instead of running to keep fit.
prepared dinner with my mother.
Usually people are afraid about the future or the past.
When you live in a foreign country and get a cold or virus, I'm sure you feel more lonely than you would in your own country.
I just started using Lang-8 because my English is getting worse.
I had been studying Korean linguistics in Korea
My photo blog's text
OK, A little about myself, I am 22, I like music (Leona Lewis is my love), sometimes I play the guitar, but I am really not good at it because my hands are so small that I can't hold the string correctly.
Although, when you want to have something you should try to be consistent and learn to love it, right?
I'm a Japanese web programmer that is studying English. I want to talk with people of a foreign country during a trip.
How can he remember people's faces?
I'm going to go on a business trip to Nagoya city to attend an exhibition about dental techniques.
I'm going to go to Germany and France during the Christmas holidays.
I want to see the Christmas market in Germany and go to Paris.
Actually, the stint at my current job has been shortened.
It means mountain girl, yama equal to mountain in Japanese.
They wear colorful sports clothes and with pretty bags and shoes.
Of course I have climbed the highest mountain in Japan, Mt.
Anyway I can't recommend climbing mountains in the summer.
I often felt thrilled and could enjoy those all.
Actually, I have a sleep disturbance.
This sickness is called ``Periodische Schlafsucht``.
Drowsiness makes me embarrassed.
The doctor gave me some medicine.
It seems to complete the recovery, usually by the age of 30.
The next day was a long-trip day. We traveled to places as many as we could: Tian 'anmen Square, Summer Palace, Wangfujing Street, etc. We took lots of pictures, especially at Summer Palace. It was definitely a nice place in Spring; the warm soft air blew, the green mountains appeared to be tumble masses, the lake lay smooth and clear, and everywhere in it was a fantastic picture. You would feel relaxed and happy. However, there was one thing I didn't like-there were too many people there, people people people...
A consultant I saw yesterday told me that he painted pictures for fun and sometimes put his components in exhibits.
He also* said he should have painted earlier.
What is the difference?
I want to go abroad on business near future, so I need to work hardto learn English.
I went to karaoke with my friend!
I went to an Indian style restaurant with my new friend.
her manners were really bad.
She was extremely impolite to the salesclerk.
When I was a university student, I was a part time salesclerk.
I used to seeing impolite attitudes.
I felt bad for salesclerks all over the world.
BGM ``Natural Beauty`` Kimi ha tennnennsyok published 1981
This CM was broadcast in the Summer of 2004.
Stress makes me inflexible.
My energy is being decreased more and more.
I want to go to Venice with my friend.
and then visit Venice.
Classics makes great effect on our life because they can teach us how to confirm our aim and they can help us figure out things that we must hold, they can tell us what words are the most beautiful and make us feel happy, when we are reading classics.
First, in the modern times, people have more and more work to do, so they haven't any time to read books.
Can I meet Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger? LOL I feel nervous now, but I'm looking forward to going there anyway!:)
I spend most of my time (conscious and unconscious time) in the library.
I decided to get some exercise every day or every week to be healthy for my family.
The movie makes me feel ``disgusting, ridiculous, warm, and suprise`` at the same time!
I was reading The Guardian this morning, trying to find some interesting news when I ran into this subject: URL
I think we'll get recover from this situation soon and wish for the people in Miyagi and Fukushima a better life and peace.
Today, I went to ``Shionoe`` with my girlfriend by motorcycle.
The Amego was good tasting.
At this moment, there might be many people wracked by violence.
I think a person who is not satisfied with their life is usually violent to relieve their bad feelings.
``He loves snowboarding`` was in front of this sentence.
``That`` in this sentence points to snowboarding.
Can I say ``It's right up my way``?
Some people think it would be a good idea for schools to teach every young person how to be a good parent.
The class may touch on the parents 'difficulties and the students can understand the tough situation.
I don't know the reason.
The reason why I agree that meats are better than fishes are as follow:
There are many trees near my place, and lots of cicadas are singing from early morning till* midnight.
I am going on a vacation tomorrow.
I liked 'Romance' sung by Yoon Sang Hyun and Yoon Eun Hye.
And also liked ``I Love You`` sung by Narsha.
For example many goods shown on computer screen aren't what you actually get.
Today, I read an interesting article in the newspaper.
Ten years ago, NY was number one,, the second was LA, and the third was Bangkok.
About my Hobby
My hobby is snowboarding (^ ^) But I did it only once when I was fifteen.
I belong to the snowboard circle with my high school friends.
I went to a snowboard goods outlet on this weekend.
I bought gear.
Hello, this is my first post here.
I want to use English fluently.
Preaching is difficult.
Lately, I often listen to the CD ``Rhythm Nation 1814`` by Janet Jackson.
I endeavor to deal with this problem.
2. I endeavored to get good marks in the mid term exams.
I had to hurry to
I'm going to the hospital
But, I know I have to study basic grammar and words.
This book doesn't have a lot of sentences that explain grammar and words.
At least its possible to buy it this year.
So it is a healthy fruit.
Because of the break down, there are some inconvenient situations.
Because of lack of electricity, some things are inconvenient for the uneventful people like me, but I'm afraid for the people who live in the north east part and the people who depends on medical instruments which needs constant electricity.
I thought ``who moved my cheese? I wonder what this means..?`` Then I read it but... it was not interesting.
Yesterday, I watched the movie ``Harry Potter and deathly hallows``.
I have watched Harry Potter movies released before this, I enjoyed this movie.
I am looking forward to watching partv2 of Harry Potter and deathly hallows.
at 8: 30am on August 61945 the first nucler bomb was launched on hieroshima city in japan. The people didn't know what happened, The light turn to darkness and the people who were under the bomb disappearedlike sand. How it is go with wind I was hear about hiroshima bomb but when you hear about thing it doesn't like when you see it
Radiation from the atomic bomb changed the human body and DNA of those that were not born yet.
Perhaps I am a lazy girl.
Lately my daily routine start with Starbucks's black iced coffee with sugar but no cream.
The first one is a picture from a magazine.
Second and third are captured pictures from Um's MV.
My favourite foods
I usually eat bagel with ice cream and syrup for lunch, and
I'm going to do some stretching tonight.
I've been getting up at unregular times lately
Please tell me your favorite book, will you?
she didn't understand that these pics showed the same person.
Worst of all, grammar is very difficult.
I like him, but communication is very difficult.
I was pretty hungry, so I ordered extra large portion.
``Everything's gonna be alright`` is a song that I like very much.
This advice carries out my thoughts.
If my mother deleted my facebook ID or Game ID of High level, I would not panic but instead quell my anger by writing something, but I can't do anything like him. (but it's so funny haha.) I thought getting furious differs between individuals watching it.
When I was in International school, I met many foreigners and one of the things we talked about was marriage.
The writer said that Japanese education is based on the national isolation policies (?) of the Tokugawa Era.
It means that Japanese education is affected by Japan's isolation.
But he didn't come anytime, so I couldn't see him.
Yesterday, I had lunch with a colleague.
She majors in violin.
She played the violin to a piano accompaniment.
For the concert my friend practised the violin day and night.
This is my second time working as a prompter girl.
When I took her to find service personnel, no body could help her because they couldn't speak English.
There was an earthquake in Christchurch, so my many friends worry
I never feel frightened.
I would like to learn how to write English good and to make some good friends.
One week has passed since I came to this farm.
I've been enjoying taking care of the ducks although it has been the first time because they are really cute.
Wedding/ marriage ceremony
I met a Japanese guy who looked about 40 years old, and 20 years ago lived in the U.
I think it is the happiest thing for children and young people to receive ``red paper`` from their elders.
The tobacco association publishes that tobacco sales will be down by 25 percent.
It is a shame that even my English teacher's English pronunciation was very bad.
The doctor suggested to me that swimming is better than jogging for my injured ankle.
On ``my`` way there, I stopped by ``a`` well-known ramen shop.
I spent 10 hours from Taipei to San Francisco, and I stayed there for one night.
I cleaned my house and aired a futon.
Like Harry Potter or Danielle Steel or Candace Bushnell.
Internet shops offer more opportunities but all the books I really want are very expensive, nevertheless sometimes I can find something not crazy expensive and interesting there and buy books this way.
I would like to make friends and practice English here.
Does it depend on the situation?
The Beatles are very famous in Japan and I'm one of their fans.
Anyway, the Beatles song that I like best is ``The Long and Winding Road.``
My favorite time is watching TV while eating side dishes and drinks.
Android by google. These phones are the best in technology and have wifi, gps, 3g connection and more. I'm really interested in that. Also I likecameras with high resolution and a good flash most. I really take a lot of photos everywhere/ wherever I go.
Well that's all for the moment but if someone has one of these phones then please tell me your experience with it.
Moreover, I only bought it about a month ago.
I hope I can enjoy the rest of life here and the experience that I got here would be helpful for my life.
There are so many adults, thoughts of people tend to complication, sometimes, you do things unintentional, but it's seems that you're on purpose for others; and then, you will (see) jealousy from girl's eyes, don't dare look into their eye, so cold, unfriendly.****
A Singaporean blogger on Naver, the No. 1 Korean search engine, introduced this site on her blog and I wanted to see how it works.
There is an old saying in China, ``Trip to China's five great mountains render trips to other mountains unnecessary, and a trip to Huangshan (the Yellow Mountain) renders trips to the five great mountains unnecessary.`` by Xu Xiake, a famous ancient geologist.
Another famous scenic spot is the Guest-Greeting Pine, people usually wait there to take photos of a tree so vivid it looks like it's saying hello to the tourists.
However, no matter how many companies I applied for, I haven 't
I go to the calligraphy school every Saturday.
It was so delicious.
But, I threatened (worried) that I gave them too much information about it beforehand.
From what I have heard, some people say that movies will definitely be eliminated because they are old-fashioned while other people say movies will exist until doomsday.
Big misunderstanding concerning ``about`` by Japanese people?
Although I can write only short sentences, please correct my entries strictly.
If you would like to learn Japanese, let's learn each other's languages together.
Soon I found out that all its feathers were wetted by the rain.
The movie was about the end of the world caused by the sun's radiation.
I'm a Chinese girl.
In addition, I have learned a German word ``Hallo``.
Today, the traditional New Year event is being held in my town.
But it's April already.
I don't know exactly who his first owner was. But when the original owner was about to abandon him at a children's playground around his apartment because he was so naughty
my grandma saw him and she asked the owner to take the puppy to my home and feed the poor one,
he lived along time with us, but I'm afraid he could have lived longer.
I still believe some animals are better than humans.
Although I hate skipping an appointment to chat with my Skype friends without sending any message, I skipped four appointments today.
Grade closed
But, many students in our grade were absent from school.
So our grade was decided to be closed.
I hvae to learn more about how to use it!
MT stands for membership training and it's a time when a group of friends take off for a quickly overnighter.
I love this fantastic story/ movie because of its beautiful images/ cinematics and its cute characters.
They are 'Yae-zakura' cherry trees and are of a different variety from the cherry trees, which bloomed at the begining of April.
It was clear and blue.
In their mind, English is strongly associated with taking tests.
Since globalization keeps going on, we Japanese have to improve our ability to communicate with people from different countries more or someday we'll be left behind from other countries such as Korea or China.
Basically I've been depressed recently because some of my friends are going back to their countries soon.
I said thank you and good bye to him and went home.
He was depressed and unusual.
Today we are having a forum about the research that my lab conducting!
I will be back at Lang8 tonight if I am not exhausted!
After graduation, I will go back to Japan to be a teacher at a high school
The reason why I feel so is that Japan is a homogeneous country,
to make them broaden their horizons
I know that this story is a little naive (I mean the BBC serial), but I like it mostly for wonderful music, costumes (Morgana's dresses are extraordinary) and pictures.
The strong advantage of the book is the author's original point of view on the ``old religion`` involving the Great Goddess, magic etc.
and her disappointment about Christians who doesn't understand that ``All gods are one God``.
I am reading a book entitled, ``The Presentation On Secrets of Steve Jobs
I will write a report and do a presentation on the book next month.
So I made an album for him.
Fourth, I have a plan that I go camp with volunteer group, But there aren't many adult so I'm worrying if ``We can care about children perfectly``...
Obama's inauguration speech
I've heard Obama's inauguration speech by tube (web-site) today.
I resigned from my job last month and will work in NYC from Dec. 31, 2010.
I like surfing, running in the early morning and going to musicals.
Who can deny the cuteness of the muppets on the children's TV show Sesame Street?
If a waiter like him was exist in the real world, it would really disturbing.
And this will make your life brighter, I promise!
Don't ask me why, but she told me that we had to investigate cell phones in Japan.
Please look at the picture.
In fact, the boss was almost ready to make the decision to expel her.
One thing I really want to say, especially to teenagers, is that, please don't hesitate to tell the boss the truth if
Unfortunately, the weather was bad while I was in Taiwan.
We actually concede that& nbsp; it isn't a smart thing to try to keep this relationship after our separation since we don't have any actual plans to meet each other.
I knew that this was going to happen the day he leaves this country from the begining of our relationship.& nbsp; It doesn't mean that I can handle this.
Today, I will go to IKEA to buy my TV-board.
and I felt excited to see someone's correction.
Yesterday there were just 6 people...
It was conspicuous because my hometown only has few buildings.
. A New Year's party was held.
We drink alcohol until midnight every night.
: Close your eyes, otherwise, you wouldn't see anything.
A firefly was flying as high as the roof.
If they come again, I'd like to teach them Korean games.
Recently, I saw a lady wearing make up in the train.
But many people cry over naughtiness of young people.
All day, I was under the sun, I might get sunburnt.
I saw a lot of sheep, and took photographs.
As for me, it's illogical to celebrate Christmas on this day, because originally Christmas was related to the Winter Solstice.
it is an amazing drama:) I regretted that I had watched it too early.
I want to watch it for fun and studying listening in English.
I love English, but I am not good at writing essays in English.
In fact I guess I might not sound too modest but I think I'm fairly good in English, good enough to sustain basically every type of conversation.
I thought it drilled so deep into the soil that it had to be close to the centre of the Earth by now.
Monsters were coming out of the hole in the ground that the machine was drilling into.
I used lettuce, tomato, onion, cheese, fried egg, bacon and a burger of course this time, and made the sauce a bit sweeter which was little more luxurious than last time.
I went with some friends and that did not cost so much because one friend of mine gave me his ticket and so I flied for free.
My jack-o '-lantern has two faces, funny and scared.
I will take a white handkerchief from my pocket and signal with it by waving.
So difficult.
The video was about a person who tried to play bumkijum in the river where there has got crocodiles inside.
Frist, I saw this and not sure whether is a fake video or not, but I thought the man who did it should have ben eatten by crocodile or got a little hurt.
Today I have finally recovered completely.
Even though I know that walking is good for health,
I prefer ``Gran Turino``, with its lingering depth, over ``Hereafter``.
The AA English conversation club members came to the party.
If an enemy came in front of me now, I would just want to say: ``Don't look down on me. I will knock your head off!``& nbsp;
To achieve a breakthrough on the Global Financial Crisis.
My kindergarten was attached to a temple.
But we have many teachers and when they started teaching us they start teaching the same thing over and over.
In effect, we cannot speak English at all.
I ran ten kilometres up along the mountain and then down the other side for another ten kilometres.
The view is just amazing from everywhere along the mountain path; I feel as if I am stood at the same height as the clouds, and the wide open view makes me feel freed from everything.
If your native language is not English, do you remember your first English class?
I was so excited when my first English class was about to begin.
After surfed the net for a while, I got hungry and made myself spaghetti.
Although I don't quite understand what the movie is all about.
This actually happened 4 months ago
I cried again and again and finally my boss answered me!
I am a student of the dept. of commerce management.
For example, my friends are from Okinawa, Fukuoka, Oosaka, Kyoto, and Sendai etc...
And also, there are a lot of foreign students from all over the world.
It is the greatest thing in my life that I can meet many people who come from different places!
On November 2nd and 3rd, there was a festival at my university.
The bad thing is I don't have many options.
Vacation Abroad!
I will join my friends in Singapore and we will stay there for three days.
Although the weather forecast said that the rainy season is over,
It has been raining frequently for the past few weeks.
When the solar eclipse could be seen in Japan,
The weekend is over, I don't like monday, and im login the lang8 to see whether someone corrected my diary, but the result let me down.
It's not that I am missing my family and friends in Korea;
I opened my refrigerator.
I had some chicken.
First, I marinaded the chicken in soy sauce, cooking wine
I then rolled the chicken in Japanese basil.
I fried the chicken.
It was very delicious.
I will cook it again someday.
I looking forward to meeting us.
``day hospital`` meaning outpatients clinic
Yesterday I arranged the song for we will use for dancing,
We could sing to the accompaniment of a guitar which the master played.
My favorite sport is table tennis.
Lang-8 is very interesting because many people are communicating with each others languages.
but everything that was said has truly become past tense; which we can no longer change through useless force
the beauty of your background resembles a beautiful burning fire
Because I will want to enter university.
I want to study biomechanics.
I went to the driver's license test course to pass the driving skill exam this morning.
I was so tired today, I woke up at 7am and rushed to my training place.
We started our rope skipping training in the early morning until 11. 45am.
Just like me, she likes to travel a lot, but we don't have enough time.
Last holiday we went to Normandy in France, but this holiday we are going to go to Italy.
Today is the last day of my holiday in the Spring Festival. I will have to go to the office tomorrow and work hard every day, so I have to wake up at 7: 00AM every morning.
But I didn't speak English well.
The foreign conversation school that I've been studying English at for about five years has gone bankrupt today!
Japan's English education system's history.
So ``English native speakers`` means Americans.
This morning, I read all of the handouts the teacher gave us.
I'm a beginner here, but I'll make effort's to help guys who want to study my mother tongue, Japanese in turn for your help.
I'd really appreciate if you helped me!!
I was involved in a dance club.
The only thing I can do is to apologize, explain, and hope that he will forgive me.
I think that this is a also reasons why people commit suicide here besides of the unmaintained path.
The atomosphere was very quiet.
The board said that those caves were used to preserve foods several hundreds years ago.
As I have long expected, today is the day that my new school term is starting.
Of course, I was studying hard at my house until now.
Human power created by pedaling a bicycle is being considered in an institute as a renewable energy resource, says the Shukan-Press in Yahoo news Japan.
It says you can watch TV for an hour using the power from pedaling a bicycle for 3 and a half hours.
At first it makes me angry, but then I think that they are right!
The sauce contains mustard, mayonnaise, a little bit of garlic powder and chili powder.
Lang-8 is a special website. I'm glad that I can use it to improve my second language here.
I was shocked at the news about Asakusa samba carnival 2011.
The participants are American, India, Brazilian and so on.
We ate our lunch in buffet style and we were full and satisfied.
We bought clothes, ate an ice cream, play a console game and talked about fun stuff.
There were many dogs and kids at the park.
thay are really good and cute and have ideal figures-long slender legs, well knit bodies and beautiful big smiles.
I am senior university student.
I went to San Diego with my husband and dog for Thanksgiving.
San Diego was different from Chicago in weather, topography, even in houses and people.
3-Dreams. This interesting topic has been on people's minds for a long time.
Some people even say that dreaming is a sign that we are sleeping the perfect sleep.
I'm listening a song called 'Nothing Lasts Forever' by Maroon 5.
It was a SF& horror short story and very fascinating to me.
And I found that it was made into a game.
I thought if this short novel would be made into a movie, then it would be very interesting.
I read a comment on Youtube that this novel is going to made into a movie.
And also someone commented, ``Where did you hear that from?``
When I searched for other information, I found a post that translated in Korean (but not all of them).
I'm so exhausted from standing through the night.
nai!
un daijoubu daijoubu, netto tsunaide, tomodachi no Kazu to hanashi wo, netto ni tsunaide, skype tachiagete, log in...
but I've made up my mind to only study hard/ concentrate on my study.
Today's diary which I was just writing has disappeared!
I don't have callange (?) to write the same diary...
I have to prepare boiled eggs.
All of the media outlets here keep reporting news about New Zealand's devastating earthquake here which is said to be New Zealand's deadliest natural disaster.
Please tell me how to study!!
This is my first time writing something about love. I left my girlfriend two weeks ago.
I can log in on the weekend!!
I want to improve my vocabulary and train my ear.
For example, I microwaved the pasta that a customer bought and forgot to take the vinyl out which made the pasta explode.
Anyway, we `re going to meet tomorrow and I hope it will be a great rendesvous!
Many historic architectures are much bigger than Japanese ones, such as temples and castles.
``Please remember me kindly to all your people.``
Because of a lot of drinking chances, my condition and wallet funds drastically decreased.
Today I encouraged myself to
But my opinion caused a strong
because we decide the final choice we need.
Maybe she was right.
I'm a little nervous, but I'm looking forward to working there.
Got an iPod touch
I got used to traditional American happy endings and I hoped that everything would be all right until the last moment...
Nice to meet you.
My hobby is fishing, skiing, and playing the guitar.
I watched the movie in English.
I want to be good at English.
we were studying together and one of my friend said
I couldn't remember who paid the bill
this morning I woke up boarding house of my friend
S, when you eat out at restaurants you normally can take the leftover home.
or other European countries, which will lead us to save food, money and the earth in effect.
(In Japan, the beginning of the semester starts from April)
Although I have the experience of doing man-to-man one-to-one lessons, this is my first time performing my lesson in front of a lot of people.
And I was very nervous and couldn't do a good lesson.
Legs: Cross-legged, the right foot placed on the left thigh, and the left foot on the right thigh.
The Zen Master struck my shoulder when I lost concentration during the practice session.
I want to improve my english, so need your help to correcti my english:)
I choose to learn physics department there
If it's not rainy, I would like to go to a sports event in a local junior high school to see some neighbours.
As international air traffic increases, many major cities need to extend the operationg hours of their airports to accommodate passenger and cargo flights from foreign countries. Residents near airports argue for curfews. Discuss both points of view and give your opinion with reasons.
but, I feel a comfortable mood.
Hi, I want to learn English.
haha I am a bit clumsy
Anyway, it seems so exciting to ski or snowboard in a foreign country!
But now I still have a muscle ache...
Please, correct this passage.
We will play a practice game tomorrow.
I could speak in English fluently.
I would be capable of a heavy workload.
and be cheated by vendors.
It took over 40 minutes, but it was good exercise for me.
My laboratory was not comfortable since it was terribly cold and dry. (more concise)
Actually, I decided that I am going to remain here yesterday.
I couldn't bear the heat.
In addition, many newspapers said the TEPCO CEO's annual salary should be cut down more.
Recently, I read and voice the same article such as address, novel, thesis and so on.
Ultimate Frisbee
My friend Jeanie took me to the event.
Before the game started and after it was over, I talked to many American students and all of them were so nice.
The teacher complimented me on my pronunciation.
The shoes that I ordered came to my clinic yesterday.
When I saw them on the internet, I could see them black and the infomation about the shoes and it also explaned that they were black.
What is difference between (the) and (a)?
How should I use them?
I want to hear about how Cambodia is now from him.
I think doing exercise is a suitable way for me and I started go jogging after work.
But the problem is when I go jogging.
I'm a little bit concerned whether I will get sick because of the hard schedule...
I know a light daily exercise is good for the health but I should think of when to run.
I'd like to know your thoughts about it.
The silver weighed about 200 tons.
I am reluctantly go to college because of the chilly and strong wind.
I thought she would be very pleased when she entered the room and saw these small decorations.
When I saw her at first, she looked gorgeous; like a super model.
Unfortunately, I couldn't see her there, for various reasons.
We Japanese love that poetry.
I prefer writing in English to listening, speaking and reading English.
Therefore, in English class, I sometimes felt embarrassed with my poor ability of English
I learn English.
But even 8 marth won't be a day off because of the stupid university's schedule.
she said ``I watched an English TV program, It shows the latest English to us, and famous TV programs have the power to keep anyone's interest.``
It contains big fillings (which are usually, meat, onions, carrots and potatoes)
I am a university student but I am not good at English.
It is so moist that we break a sweat every time under a non-air-conditioner!
There looks to be much more sediment disasters by the heavy rain, especially in the Kyushu area.
They always make me feel happy.
Today would have been fantastic if it werent for the bad weather.
I heard and was very surprised that there's no rice cooker in a foreigner's home.
something like 'day book' when you translate it from German into English, so perhaps it is something where I have to write what I've done today.
When I finished, I went outside and helped my grandpa in the garden.
It started to rain, so we came in and my grandpa and I tried to make a meal, but it wasn't good, what we cooked.
And I'll do exercise tonight.
There are many types of drinks that taste like beer at the supermarkets in Japan.
I was advised from the doctor I'd better not to eat or drink too much, performmoderate exercises, avoid a stressful atmosphere as gout is a desease caused from unhealthy way of living.
One of my friends from Canada has a lot of knowledge in improving health, (There's nothing to stop him talking on that topic once he starts, and you're doing nothing but just nodding.)
Although I'm interested in this book cover and title, I hardly have the time to read this book as I am busy studying German and attending a Political Science course.
But now I'm in Beijing, so I'm homesick.,
I try to learn English, but I don't like to learn words in another language, which I don't use in my daily life.
If I don't use a language every day I'll forget some of the words.
I do not mean that's bad, I hope everyone has a happy life.
Birds Singing
I sometimes hear their song at the same time.
I can hear these songs near my house.
Please check the grammar and logic in my blog.
An apology from Japan
If you speak native English and want to learn Chinese, then we can be language partners.
Second period was boring, and in third period we ate tortillas and salsa; fourth period was study hall, and in fifth period, my friend and teacher were so kind, so I felt happy, and (but) the other classes were also boring.
My stomach was full from all the rice.
But it was very nice movie! It's a serious but heart-warming story.
In the evening, I didn't bring my text book to my English class.
For example, I like to invite my friends to my place, enjoy my favorite cigarette in my room, listen to rock music, and drinking a little alcohol before going to sleep...
so on (sounds like I am a teenage boy XD).
Living under their care make my life more easier but also makes my intelligence degrade to a three-year-old child's. (I am already 27.
This is my first entry, please, have patience with me. I do not speak English but I really want to learn.
The Remains of the Day is a great novel written by the Japanese novelist
This novel is the winner of the Booker Prize.
The protagonist in this novel named Mr Stevens is a great butler in a house called
Miss Kenton loves him also and she spends a lot of time trying to draw his attention to her love for him. He knows that, but he represses his feelings and ignores her.
The first choice is doctor.
The second is engineer.
But, so long as I do not give up, I know that there'll be an end to my hard journey.
My car has a warranty of 2 years without any limit.
I have it for 75 month (?) and has my car running 30000 km because I'm like a tourist on a car.
I was sad sad, but I remembered about yesterday's work.
The day before yesterday, I cooked rice with hashed meat.
I had not cooked too much until I became a university student.
So, I was researching it for a long time.
For example..
This situation has recently been severely condemned.
I went out with Yumiko Shaku.
Ms. Shaku is a Japanese actress.
Then you put them into a pot with a glass of white wine, chopped vegetables like onions, a piece of garlic butter and a little bit of red pepper.
You seem happy.
Today, it was held a display of fireworks in my local city and since it has been conducted nearby my house, I have to hearsounds of the fireworks every year whether I am unwilling to or not, because I don't have a girlfriend.
In fact, I have learned English during junior and senior high school.
We would often wave an antenna to catch signals from the transmitter while monitoring.
The explosive on the GPS collar was triggered when we pushed a button on the controller.
Suffice it to say that the point of my research was to see whether or not the distribution of the persimmons coincided with the emergence of the bears in the residential areas in 2005.
Nothing has happened yet!
I woke up around 7am and I thought that it would better for me to go back to bed so I could have some extra sleep, and since today is Sunday, I have a right to indulge in my sleep.
I gave up on sleeping and decided to cook something.
I borrowed the DVD ``Sabrina`` last week.
I wear like the same clothes everyday.
hello everybody!
I was so excited since I didn't need to resume my assignment again!
Ah, I assume I'm going to move out of this house on the start of November, but haven't found a new place yet...
although my studyng habits aren't good enough, I'll do my best..
In my eyes, she is an 88 year old woman acting as my grandmother and guardian, I wish her good health!
You have to know the customers, competitors, and products.
My job is to loan out electronic devices.
so I see many travelers.
but we have few customers--only about 10 people in a day:(
I'd like to talk to travelers every time I see them,
but I'm worker, so I should speak fluently in English..,, (confusing sentence)
I started a new project about food this week.
The first chapter tell us that it was the god who created the world.
Someone may believe that ``God created the world`` and someone may not believe.
As an elementary school student, I hated diaries like this.
so I had a long rest last night.
Hello. My name is Hayabusa.
I'm going to Hukushima with my boyfriend and club friends in February.
And going to Kyoto with my best friend.
Of course I will never fail to live up to what our parents expect of me:
I had hope that during these days, I'll be able to walk in our mountains, collect some spring flowers and feel the fresh, warm sunshine on my body.
Every single room is already cleaned, on TV there are only 3 channels, so probably nothing interesting there.
I think we are going to the French restaurant with you and my daughter.
Two researchers.
I don't think it's a bad translation, the language represents the national culture, if I want to understand novels and the other arts from abroad, I don't think it is a good idea to translate it.
I checked it with a mirror and didn't find anything wrong.
However, it hurt and started to swell.
I am going to put some eye drops in and stop using contact lenses until it gets better.
A big earthquake happened in Japan
The building which I worked in shook very much.
At that time, I didn't know that many people suffered from much more damage.
I discussed this problem with my co-worker who stayed at my home. (Her home is too far to go back on foot.)
What should we prepare for in the time when the infrastructure such as water, gas, electricity stops?
I will graduate from my university after one year.
In fact, I am a little worried about my job which I thougt was so nice.
I want to bridge between Japanese companies and foreign companies.
I think I want to take it easy.
I knew it through a TV commercial.
I wanted to look for some information about Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 2.
Therefore, many people have already watched the movie; they had seen the kissing scene betweeen Rupert Grint and Emma Watson.
I'm not crazy like this but I'm a bit disappointed as we have to wait for it until August or September to watch it on DVD.
I downloaded some applications like Kanjiryoku, Pac-man, Fairies Life.
I don't know the details, but I thought that their family relationship had become very strong.
They love a stuffed frog that we have.
We got on airplane with Kero.
I don't know whether or not they are better than the job I am doing now
Your career is just beginning
The head of my ward told us that he would like to hold a feast at our public house.
When I was in university, I read lots of history books.
I can concentrate (center) myself when I do.
^ ^ It will be tough, but I believe in myself!
This Capilano Suspension Bridge is 137m long and 70m high/ in height.
But, it was very difficult.
I CAN 'T speak, write or hear English. This is the same for almost all Japanese people. I was taught English in junior high school, high school and university, but I still do not understand English.
Therefore, I would like to be able to learn english as soon as possible.
It's delicious!
Sometimes there are foreigners who have funny Kanji tattoos.
I'm waiting to have a meal
I plan to meet my girl friend today.
I was glad to see famous scenes of Swan Lake.
Near my house, KIA has some volunteer language classes, we call them ``English table`` or ``Korean table`` or ``Chanese table``
This article was ``Disabled athletes have balloon in their court.``
He can't speak because he is using a respirator.
I start keeping my daily entry since today.
I'll be glad if you enjoy reading my daily entry.
I noticed that American movies (are filled with humor), and European and Asian movies have great story lines.
My problem is, I can't stop watching them.
It was very exciting to watch the later part of the game, but the first half was boring because both teams attempted a brake attack.
My friend SONG introduced me this website just now, which looks funny.
I tried to change to another bus to go my house.
It was the first time I had taken it.
I have something harry.
It's my telephone and modem to connect to the internet.
I had only 9000 baht that I spent to connect the internet and return to my mom 2000 baht; at the moment, I was poor.
The teacher asked the class whether earning money was a good or bad thing.
But I can't think that it's a very very good thing either.
Friday night!
It's Friday night.
I have a sore throat from the cleaning spray and my hands get rough from the washing up.
Today, I have two classes in my major.
Weather is very good and very comfortable.
My company is close to the park that the ward office maintains.
Usually, people look forward to cherry blossom viewing.
so most of people had cancelled the cherry blossom festivals.
I will tell the following story tomorrow.
I saw Charice on TV
Do you know the Filipino singer, Charice?
That may be the reason I feel afraid to meet foreigners who cannot speak Korean.
The Mid-Autumn Festival
My trip to Huizhou
I'm home. I feel so tired.. I want to go bed immedietly....
I can't speak english very well as if I forget everyrthing I know
john said practice made a perfect
which means it makes me feel alive and makes happy
There is a song named <who says> by Selena Gomez, who is Justin Bieber's girlfriend, which I love the best.
It's a beautiful song which has a large numbers of fans supposedly.
But it is different from the others.
Interesting huh?
I'm going to my grandmother's house in the evening.
Tonight is one of those nights where you are with your friends (who are dancing in front of you trying to have a good time), but you feel like you are missing something or someone. I just wanted to share my thoughts. I hope tomorrow can be a better day.
And a suicide rate has been increasing in recent years.
So, the government needs to change the policy about worker's environment/ working environment.
Moreover, because of its efficiency and convenience, we use technology even if we can do without it.
And some traditional arts are in danger of disappearing because young people are less interested in them.
Hello, Thank you for coming to my page and helping me correct my journal entry.
Then we sent returnable postcard to all of the 400 alumni, all men.
After making the postcards, it was time to enjoy the full moon in autumn with good food and good music.
We grilled Saury on Shichirin, which are used for traditional Japanese cooking of Vegetables, meat, fish, and other things.
I like cycling very much.
But of course people in the epicenter got extremely damaged.
Usually, I should write Koji, but the American teacher at my university said I had better write Kohji if I went to USA or any other foreign country as the pronunciation of 'Kohji' is more natural!!
Another person in the passport center told me that if I decide to use Kohji, I have to use it all the time from now on when I write my name.
I have asked my teacher friend how he uses photoshop to detate a background.
yesterday my friend helped me to clean my computer and delete the virus
After listening to four announcements related to each of the pictures that were printed in your test book, you should select the right number, among four, that best describe them.
because I had imagined that ``to hang up`` was used for ``picking up a telephone``.
The trouble is that I often skip it in spite of knowing I should read.
I only played about thirty minutes, so I didn't sunburn, which is good.
He is tan because he surfs every weekend.
Surprisingly, there were some people who were even tanner than him there.
I suppose they caused some trouble.
Just when I realized November has started, it's already finished.
December starts tomorrow.
sister also joined the exam.
All her roomates had
However, my seniors (or upperclassmen) said it was just so so, obviously my seniors (or upperclassmen) had confidence in passing the exam,
He screamed because he wanted to sleep.
I am sure that this message is true because I had experienced this before.
Most families will watch special programs for the Spring Festival on CCTV and chat together while waiting for the new year.
I nedd to write slogans for some of these products and services.
Write a sentence, [space] use comparison.
Recently, my hair falls out very easily.:O!!
One way is from spring flowers blooming.
Some sales clerks are very friendly in Japan, for example, at Starbucks, but they never joke around...
Ordinarily, I go to a shopping arcade which connects with Shinsaibashi-suji shopping arcade. You can also say usually
My English probably has a lot of problems.
They are speaking, reading, writing and listening
Anyways, learning English is harder than I thought.
This time was the second for me, It made me very relaxed and comfortable. Above all, the cost was reasonably priced.
I thought I am proud of him and that I am a very lucky mother because of I have a great husband and wonderful son.
The Olympics have started!
Especially oral English and listening.
I was very sleepy, but I didn't have any classes, so it's okay.
Because I just woke up, I'm really hungry, so I ate a lot of sushi.
This device enables people to have relationships with others all over the world.
But sometimes we don't care about a person actually in front of us.
His looks as if he has no enthusiasm for anything.
He wanted to sleep but he couldn't.
Ah, I'll go to Italy again someday.
I bought a video game ``Assassin's Creed II`` for XBOX360.
The relationships are sometimes obscure and many of them are formed impulsively, such as friendships and love relationships.
In contrast, Facebook has succeeded in expressing them on the web.
The winter from the four seasons by Vivaldi is good
5 minutes after we had entered there, we had gotten sweaty in small steps.
I think that I can't sleep deeply because of the heat.
But I'm confused because learning Italian is reading Roman but English is not.
I'll resume studying Italian when I have made progress in English.
Today I found this language learning site.
During this season, flowers come out splendidly, and everything starts.
I told to the participants about the following: [colon]
there are black and white pictures Marylin Monroe.
picture and in my favorite store, ``Bathroom Graffiti`` they sell
pictures of Marylin Monroe gnawing on her nails!
In 2005, there seemed to be lots of sightings of the bears in residentiall areas around Japan.
As far as I'm concerned, they had been killed for nothing besides the safety purpose.
Some parts of them are edible and I don't know what to call it, but some of their organ seemed to be sold for expensive medicine.
The Argentinan football squad will come to Japan on October 8th to play a friendly match.
The presale of the tickets began last week and I tried to get 2 tickets, but unfortunately I couldn't get them.
The official sale of the tickets started at 10 o 'clock yesterday online.
There were so many people accessing the website that I could hardly access the purchase menu.
Finally, I could do it after a 20-minute effort.
I met many different people.
A couple of days ago, when I worked there, I happened to miss something.
Yesterday was very hot and very wet.
I showed the pictures which we had taken in Korea.
So I have no complaints about it...
except the price.
Everyone have his/ her most dislike things.
For example, I extraordinarily dislike cockroaches.
Ich lerne Deutsch.
Oxygen itself is not combustible, however it is required for nearly all combustion as a gas that supports the combustion process.
But of course, while they were talking about their favourite topics, I couldn't follow them.
I hope this new job will be awesome and really nice...
This title is not a Daniel Powter's song (^ ^;).
My favorite is travelling, especially going abroad.
We took a sauna and had a body scrub and massage.
I found that laughing made the people open their hearts.
Most of their storylines were like hollywood movies that I had seen before.
I have invested almost all of my assets in to stocks, mainly Japanese stocks, but also those of emerging countries.
Then he will become a member of the Pharmaceutical industry in Japan, as well as myself.
He will use English for his work too!
Essay... Solution to Overcome the Threat
I found that it is very good for everybody who wants to learn a foreign language.
Secondly, I have plans to deal them on a website.
As your guys see, I'm a boy and I have gotten involved in this since I was 16.
At 29 years old, when I was working at a swimming pool as a part-time job, an elementary school student said,
Yesterday, I apologized to my customers because I thought that
When I was in my undergraduate course, I took some classes on French, but I've forgot most of what I learned unfortunately.
However, I always end up adjusting the batter many times by adding more milk and powder.
Two bags were described as ``purse``, another one was ``clutch`` and the last one was ``mini bag``.
Nevertheless, In many cases, exam questions are about complicated grammar points that never occur in daily conversation.
So this is the most exciting moment now that the summer is getting closer and closer.
I should have kept a diary on this site every day..
I want to get a high score in TOEIC or TOEFL.
``especially`` long distance love.
So I'd like to keep the motivation and be able to communicate with a lot of foreigners.
But because I did not participate any organizations like Students 'Union, I get no extra credit.
I do not know whether to join same activities or study much harder.
I didn't set my alarm.
Because I had parted (broken up) with my boyfriend.
Of course there is a Japanese kind.
I especially like the curry in Thailand.
And coconut milk makes the taste mild.
I will go snowboarding this weekend.
Now, I am so into ``tomodachi collection`` game on the DS.
The story was based on a true story regarding a Japanese young woman; she was a bride whose remaining days amounted to only 1 month.
So Chie disappeared from his sight by herself.
But she felt shocked that the shape of her breast was cut off because of the operation.
Unfortunately the happiness didn't continue long.
Because Chie had cancer again.
Her doctor told her family and Taro that her remaining days was only 1 month or less than it.
So after crying I feel so sleepy now...
I can't write sentence in English without ``Google Translate``,_ and if I were to be speak English, I can't say practically anything.
but the day of the exam is approaching.
She got her driver's license about a half year ago and hasn't driven the car that much, but today, it was her third time to drive a long-distance
Then, she looked into the mirror, she checked that the left side was facing to her. If thats what you mean.
Then she was able to control the car and (it/ everything) was back to normal.
It is so popular that you may have even seen it in Japanese TV programs (I. e. if you like Japanese animes/ TV dramas).
mina san
douzo yoroshiku
It was shocking to see that dogs are dyed black and white!
It's the story of the guy who want to be the king of pirates.
When she reads it, my wife is so concentrated that she neglects my calling...
I thought I had to ascertain whether the judgement of the Academy was reasonable or not, so I went to the theater.
However there were some unclear expressions about the British Royal customs.
I thought Britain is the Queen's kingdom because the British national anthem is ``God Save the Queen``.
I've celebrated the Lunar New Year for 3 days.
It's such a big holiday in Korea.
However, I don't understand why we should celebrate the Lunar New Year, cuz it would be better to celebrate the solar calendar.
I would like to exercise and live more fully, starting tomorrow.
Today I had a very funny nightmare with headcrabs (from the game half-life)! XD Very strange...
So I phoned her a couple minutes ago.
To all the beautiful girls and boys or kind-hearted men and women,
I'm a sophomore student, and will be a junior student after the summer holiday.
I had an English conversation class.
Such as, The Mentalist, CSI, Hawaii 5O and of course Agatha Christies series (and novels).
I am writing a diary of the lang-8 community at first time.
for example, my major papers, and preparing for a test, I am especially preparing for the listening test and vocab test.
Now, I'm studying English at my university's conversation club.
It was awesome.
Today, I ate lunch near my university.
It was terrible!!
The British museum is famous all over the world.
The museum is famous for art.
the museum.
The man is very embarrassed.
He deletes the picture from camera.
I found I must make an effort particularly on listening.
After taking a college entrance exam, I felt relaxed.
Of course, who would study in this situation?
I have some variations, Japanese taste, Thailand taste, Indian taste, and so on.
There was one time, a Nepali student in my class taught me how to make his country's curry.
He used many kinds of spices.
Moreover the doctor asked the man ``Do you like a gambling, driving a car at a high speed or spending a lot of time on women?``
Because, this is my home town and
Many hula dancers were dancing on the stage.
I'm excited!!
but first I will continue!
Reflection.
I think It is important that you think about your listeners when teaching English or other languages.
I prefer exchanging on a regular basis, but irregular practice is also welcome.
I'm interested in traveling ``.
So I want to be a traveler.
So now I want to be a pharmacist.
I will earn money by working as a pharmacist.
I'd love to answer your questions!!
It is four days long, and it is going to begin tomorrow!
Yesterday I saw a very funny film about Bushmen.
Yesterday evening the film was successfully downloaded and I had a lot of fun watching this old movie.
I started loving Bushmen even more-they are so smiley (informal), so naive.
It is about one Bushman who goes to ``the end of the Earth`` in order to get rid of a bad thing (a bottle of coca-cola) that has caused trouble in his tribe.
I can recommend ``God must be crazy`` for everybody who likes hoaxes, nature and old movies.
However I could buy the air cleaner for about 20000 yen at an internet retail shop.
At present, I have a number of acquaintances but as for me, I have only one friend who can understand my thoughts fully and stay with me whenever I'm blue or down. Her name is XX, and she's my best friend.
Even now, I still remember exactly how I got acquainted with her.
It was a nice morning but unfortunately, I was late for the first day of class.
My first impression of her was quite great.
Moreover, she also has white skin and thin lips.
And whenever I get into trouble and really need a helping hand, she always stands by me and sincerely encourages me.
The extracts are used for cosmetics and others to protect from aging or wrinkles.
But it is really difficult because NYU requieres a 85 score for TOEFL itb.
Recently I haven't exercised, so I was really tired.
I also hope that I do not have to pay the twenty-pound reconnection charge, as this whole situation is not my fault.
About 10 years ago, when I went to kindergarten or elementary school,
I quarreled with my friend.
Sometimes when I go to the hospital, the doctor says I am going to give you medicine.
I bought a book ``foolish economy!``, which is a paper back pocket edition.
For a few days now I've really wanted to eat spaghetti.
and I really liked the design.
As you probably know we pronounce a word as we read it: in most cases there's a correspondence between the sound of a vowel and consonant with its character/ letter.
The announcer was joking about our difficulty of pronouncing the name of this volcano, especially after listening to its real pronunciation.
But the most gross, annoying thing is when he thinks he's mating with Boubika, iieuw!
It's just too gross and really annoying.
Boubika is too docile to growl at Aristos, or just muster up the courage to bite his balls off!
The British English accent is easy to recognize for me.
``Gyaku`` means opposite.
As far as I can remember, ``apple diet``, ``grapefruit diet,`` and ``boiled egg diet`` were once popular with the Japanese woman.
I don't know how to further explain my feelings, so....
I have never learned how to write Japanese.
Last Saturday my friends held a lunch party to celebrate my birthday.
My friends visited a soy sause factory.
Street uses jumping landforms, riding on walls and gliding on the hand rails around the street during the competition.
During the school festival, I was in the haunted house all the time.
So, I didn't write a diary about Jeju.
Recently I often go to school
On the other hand, the movie producer creates a way for readers to enjoy the atmosphere inside the book.
Thus, the moviemaker may rewrite the plot or even create a surprise ending.
Yesterday was Saturday.
Generally, anytime I go out out, I always find something that makes me remember some unforgettable memory--or at least, it makes me think.
And when the trafficlight just remained 17 seconds, a beggar passed by.
In his arms he was carrying a doggy.
It was not strange because there are many (?) beggars in this town.
I was wondering why a beggar would carry his doggy when he begs.
At that time, the trafficlight changed to green, and the beggar did not have enough time to come to my where I was.
Well, I am not a studious girl, I cannot insist on reading English everyday, even for 30 minutes.
I hate myself because I can't learn english.
I have already bought my flight ticket to go back to my country.
I think Destiny's Child who split up in 2005 was the greatest girl's group.
As I mentioned in the previous message on this site, I've been practicing listening in English by listening to songs.
I think that the young people maybe can, but not the old aged people.
So, I decided to go back to America again someday!!!!!
Cathy asks Miss Isabella why she has this attitude towards her.
Miss Isabella confesses her love for Heathcliff and accuses Cathy of being a selfish thing for wanting Heathcliff for herself.
Maybe I can help you!
A chicken curry, I will make it!
I have been very busy and I haven't written on Lang-8 for several weeks because I had to write a article.
Can you view this website and write your diary?????
Some of the them havewireless radios, motion sensors and touch screens and they each produce different noises.
It can be true that we can manage everything with only a phone.
I think cooking is interesting, and I feel I can get relaxation from it.
He met, face to face, an unexpected enemy, Ethan.
I think it is interesting because korean food doesn't use rice paper.
Recipe for Vietnamese summer roll is that raise meat and various vegetable in rice paper and roll a rice paper.
I hate studying writing English or grammar etc...
In fact, I must take theTOEIC test.
Even though Japanese people can't use grammer correctly sometimes.
Especially young people can't write right Japanese sentences, I think.
There is a ``te-ni-wo-ha`` in Japanese, that's how to connect nouns and verbs in Japanese.
So I suggest for foreigners don't mind such a thing, we can almost get it.
In addition, Jonas was a Yankee and hated all Southerners.
As I can see in this school, nobody is interested in foreign languages including the teachers.
I ordered vegetable curry which twelve kinds of vegetables were included in it.
but now I find it difficult to speak English fluently, and to listen to others speak English.
I think this is Asian culture.
I want to know when they call a teacher, how do they call them?
Please refer to
Seeing so many foreigners can learn Chinese which is already a hard language, I think I should word hard too.
At lunchtime, Yoshinoya is usually crowded with many businessmen.
However, I don't play anymore because I got a referee license 9 years ago.
I get to meet a lot of different people and to be at many games.
Today is remarkable for me because we planted a tree with my boys.
How I wish to make our city beautiful and green as a fairytale.
My efforts are awkward and shameful.
In my opinion, tipping is unnecessary.
We should make people happy even if they don't tip.
In Japan, if you go to a restaurant and you have a good time there, you can go there again and again.
What they lose is each other's trust and valuable friendships.
I laughed when I heard this.:p
Graduates of other colleges or universities are not welcome.
Personally, I like being in the atmosphere of celebrating April Fools 'Day.
However, I hate being teased by my close friends for no reason.
Each of us hate to be teased by others.
There is only one holiday in the year so get ready for a fun and interesting April Fools 'Day.
I thought that the flower school was a solemn place.
Thank you for corrections.
Her ability makes me change my heart.
She doesn't only have Grammar skill but also writing poem skill.
Because since I have been here, I never use my own car.
I especially like ``Venus``.
Although my younger sister loves Maru more than I do, Maru always goes in my room.
Just trying this website.
She told me she has not talked to her father for more than a year.
Is it a big deal?
The way of my shopping has been convenient, meanwhile ever since the international company came to Japan, many local bookstores have gone out of their business.
I'm a little collector of My Little Pony figures, and I love toys and all stuff from Hasbro.
inc which is a toy company like ``Little miss no name``, ``Wuzzles``, ``Rainbow brite``, ``Popples``, and ``Care bear``.
of MLP figures are still nice, but I'm not attracted to them so much..
I love toys and characters in the western style.
this is because of the deference in the network system and/ or the business custom in the cell phone business in Japan.
He was very cheerful, active and having a great talk, which entertained his grandparents very much.
I really enjoyed this moment. I feel very lucky.
In Japan, having a gun is extremely abnormal thing.
Today's event.
When we judge our times as good or bad, we can't know until the end.
I work at the customers 'company with my colleagues.
the customers started using it.
If my guess is right, in other words, can I replace ``best regards`` with ``all the best`` in the future?
Lately I have been staying up late (late at night) to prepare for the tests
It's been over 10 days since I wrote my last entry.
It was really funny and interesting.
His name is Paul, and he is certainly Canadian because I can see him on a webcam.
That's also why this class is relatively expensive although I only take it once a week.
He told me that ``V`` is a drama about aliens and really interesting. (is ``is`` in this sentence correct?
I did not sleep too much because I was trying to find them.
Because my MacBook's battery was not charged accidentally, I went to a Apple store in Ginza, Tokyo.
Hence, for people coming from different countries, the Narita Airport is more famous
In recent years, the voluntaristic spirit has spread among the Chinese people, especially among youngsters.
Without them, it would be a tough task to hold this un-precedent Olympic Games.
English beginner
Now I'm planning to take a trip to the Philippines because it's warm there and I'll be able to practise English with the Philippinos.
And I must ask my parents.
She's going to Indonesia with her husband.
In Taiwan, Christmas is a festival that we celebrate with our friends or lover, not family.
I think a plan is finding a part-time job where I can live in the work place and get meals from the work place so that I won't spend money on rent and meals.
So, she chose this checkered fabric.
I can hopefully exchange with many people.
The supermarket is named ``FOOD ONE``, one of the cheapest supermarkets around.
For example fruits, such as Oranges or Grapefruits, are imported by USA or South Africa.
Meets and Fishes is imported from the USA or China.
The purpose of this year is learning english.
Today I got up early to eat breakfast.
I always get up late in the winter
Besides today, the two things are to do the winter vacation work.
I am determined to write English everyday, so I try to write in My Journal everyday except when I can't do it.
I got to know a lot of my future colleagues there.
Then I noticed that the department I am supposed to join is (somewhat) smaller than the other departments.
The news really shocked me!
Then, my college canceled the enrollment ceremony due to the big earthquake.
Now, I will study for the test (TOEIC) on this sunday.
When he was sent to the hospital for his serious disease which was caused by his unlimited smoking and drinking,
He decided to quit smoking and drinking......
But after about one or two years later, he began his ugly behavior again!
but he did not even care and continued smoking..
and recently he was attracted by lottery..
you will never win when you play such games with government!
And with the bad effects of such lifestyles, he cannot control his emotions sometimes!
sometime I think his temper is out of hand!
he even roared at home..
but if this kinda situation continues.....
It's hard for me to get up early morning.
I am now working in a foreign trade company. I have to talk with my customers in English all day
Any topic is okay.
We had a nice day.
The Google satellite took a photo of something which is almost 30m long and looks like a snake.
They aren't sure if it is a real snake, but it is highly possible.
I think that there are many mysteries in the world.
There is a very interesting myth in my town also. Two hundred years ago, a wise buddhist priest who can see the future told that my town would be destoryed by a huge flood.
It was just a myth before one statue was founded.
However, we had a really big flood after that, so many dwellers pushed him to bury it.
It is a very interesting myths to me.
Since I entered a college, I don't have much time to study.
more than 10 years have passed since I graduated university with a degree in English.
However, after graduation, I never really got the chance to use much English.
The typhoon has passed, and the weather is really nice right now.
The new staff said, the other staff members taught her a different way to do something.
All of these are good methods to ease stress.
Although we know that is not good for the Earth.
Please tell me some other good short sentences for use when praising.
Even after he went back to Sweden, he continued to study Japanese.
from different countries also loved Japan!!!!
Our appearance is given to us by our parents, and it is what we differs from others and it tells us who we are.
Life is short, and we should use it to pursue the most important and valuable thing----a beautiful heart.
Now, I have become accustomed to working in Tokyo, I think I'll try to resume this dairy.
I almost had no time to relax myself...
For instance, a hair designer would start learning to be a make-up designer, an animation professor would change his major to be a biology professor and a bus driver would start selling motorcycles.
First, let me introduce myself.
But it costs 4 times more than the original one.
that one second isn't a second at all.
I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me,
> ~ <) In love, I've been passive except for one slightly unhappy experience.
As we always say, money can't buy happiness.
I've always been envious of people who have charming looks and perfect bodies.
Just at the moment when we arrived at the dormitory,
The wallet contains (contained) as much as 1000 yuan, which had disappeared just in several minutes.
What's worse, he will be faced with even more pressing economic problems (during) the next two months.
Before then, I was a student and usually got up at about 9 a. m. When I arrived at my school, it was often about 9: 30 a. m.
Although, these days, I usually get up before 7 a. m. Working changes one's life style.
How difficult! I used to think it was easy.
It is because I want to learn about international politics at my university, but I am worried about my future.
For me, that way is really helps me to understand english.
Also, correct/ proper grammer.
actually I started using this site earlier..
kinda polite sentences!?
or journal?!
I think it's quite similar to Japanese mixi..
Just look straight at the future and overcome challenges that we have to face.
I'll introduce to you my favorite tools.
First, Lang-8 of course.
Now I am reading The Mistborn Trilogy.
I would like to make a confession.
And other languages....
For these reasons, the newspaper says the younger they start learning a second language the more such classes will exercise the effect.
Above all of this, William, the student, was kind to us and handsome.
Now a lot of words come to mind, but I can't express myself because of my low English level.
English occupies a very important position in Korea.
I joined an English class after work on Thursday and after the lesson students got together.
Every year, we drink that after we visit a shrine,
Finally he said to me ``we have diffrent thinking because we aren't the same nationality.`` I feel really angry because he doesn't try to understand my thinking.
One of them is going to have a match this weekend.
Last weekend
In my daughter's class, there is a boy who can't walk by himself.
When the boy's group finished, he tried to sit down on his chair, but he fell down again and again.
I wanted to help him, but I thought I was little too far from the boy and there were many other mothers or fathers near the boy.
Finally, a girl helped him.
See you tomorrow;)
Hi everybody, I'm Vietnamese and I want to study English. I want to make friends with you, will you help me?
In the last bar he went to, there was an accident.
Last night he was interviewed by the TV station and he apologized for his recent behavior to Kabuki fans.
I was surprised because I was not that close to that friend. So how was my friend able to smell my hair even though even I couldn't smell it?
It is good thing that karaoke is communication tool.
In short, I imagined a relaxed life, but my life is totally different from
I like to see out from the window when it's raining, but I can't see out from my office,
I watched AVATAR with my friend but we wanted to see the 3D film.
From now on, I would like to write a entry on a daily basis.
I really appreciate if you are able to correct my entry.
The theory itself is debatable and the so-called proof is generated from archaeological excavations.
I was so surprised and on a high 'cause it was really unexpected!
Suddenly, they asked me to do them a favor and call a worker in a ministore nearby.
They wanted to buy some cigarettes and a moment after I walked out of the store and I became angry because I saw my girlfriend crying beside the car.
First in The Hours, making a complex and poetic recontruction of Virginia Woolf last days, combined with the lives of another women who, although they were not marvel writers as Virginia, they have the same feeling of anxiety and fear, the feeling of being prisoners in a society which was not sensible enough to understand them.
I'm a secretary.
I'm going to get her a birthday present.
On the second day, I might go to AKITA with one of my friends.
Every year my children ask me the questions concerning the Holocaust in the Memory day.
Yesterday they asked me how could it happen that millions of people followed the words of one-Hitler.
I told them about the phenomenon of the leader in society.
I told them about the totalitarian way of state.
By the way..
I'm looking forward to paticipating in the X 'mas party with my friends.
Because in the party we exchange our presents with each other.
I go out and drink somewhere almost every night and immediately I go to bed when I get home.
However, in my heart, I want to decrease my spare time and I want to do things that will give me more benefits, not only financial benefit, but also friends, talents, and a peace of mind...
I also wish the foreign friends who are living in China can enjoy the spring festival with our Chinese people.
Now I think I need to understand men more.
Suddenly, she realized her cell phone had been stolen.
In the WHO's release, the president of the American red cross board, Bonnie McElween-Hunter, highlighted that ``the credit of this success is deserved by the thousands of heath worker volunteers of the Red Cross and Red Crescent organizations who had taken the time to be informed, to raise awareness and motivate the mothers and the family circles as to the critical importance of the children's vaccination.
Ocarina concert at the Japanese-style hall
This was sixth time we performed there.
I remembered something writing just now.
Yesterday I went to my favorite live-music pub in Shinjuku after my church visit.
My home town is not in the country side but it is still inconvenient.
If I can get really big money, I'll go abroad to see world heritages.
They all said that we have to save money to have a memorable celebration party.
So, I'd like to deposit money to have big party of my own ^ ^
The Chinese Ministry of Education wants to change the writing of 44 Chinese characters, according to news.
The Halloween Party!
Even when we are asleep together in bed, she does constantly even when I don't want her to.
I love her so strongly.
I'm a big fan of se7en, who is a korean singer and has become well-known throughout Asia in the past few years.
He advanced his career to the US but it was waste of time.
Additionally, the time when he spends with his family is the most important for him.
because tomorrow is Chuseok holiday in korea.
It's a good tool to study another language.
Because before, I had the wrong sentence: ``How do you think?``
From this experience, I have decided to correct Japanese for those who are studying the language and make mistakes!
At his last visit to the paediatrician in order to get vaccinated, this latest gave us some advices on ``weaning food`` which are contradictory to those given by the Korean paediatrician!!
Izakaya is Japanese which means tavern in English.
They have one price, unlimited drinks system so I drank beer first and Sake next.
and, I'll meet wonderful people.
AD tells me that I must make my dream come true.
Yesterday was my friend's birthday.
We ate from the chaffing dishes. Every one of us was happy.
Even though the activities were over, we were still drinking.
eventually, I wished my brother to have a nice future and a happy birthday!
I have nothing to do all day long except daze quietly and daydreaming.
Damn, I couldn't find one word to describe what I have done with my life these days, such BAD luck, keep bad hours everyday and achieve nothing.
The next morning, I woke up from the dream to the electric alarm clock.
I study in The University of Engineering and Technology (College of Technology-Coltech).
We live in Nam Thanh Commune, Nam Truc District, Nam Dinh Province.
I came acoss these pictures while arranging the folders in my computer.
If you haven not watched this movie I recommend that you also watch this movie.
How beautiful a scenery! Do you feel the same way?
Come on! My dear friends! I I guess some of you `re studing
English is very hard.
At least, I know horror movies could make me have nightmares.)
OK, I will prepare myself and start again from an optimistic attitude.
During college, I knew of various senses of value and culture.
A custom may be reasonable in some countries while it isn't reasonable in Japan.
I want to learn the cultures (and customs) of foreign countries.
Time limit is only 1 month, I am so nervous,,,,
Tomorrow I should write my dairy early so that I don't go to bed late.
Ohayo gozaimasu-Good morning
Konban wa-Good evening
I will practice magic.
When I was a university student, my professor told me that my pronunciation is dreadfully poor.
I had nothing to do except laugh. (HAHAHAHA...)
Sometimes, I talk with one of my friends, who speaks English very fluently.
As you know, Windows 7 was released today.
My friend told me that I can borrow her costume for Halloween.
Practice Test
According to the diagram, children in some countries help with their parents well while other don't do.
Though it was truly a parrot, the combination with the tree was nice.
Today I went to a kimono shop with my mother because I intend to wear it to my friend's wedding party.
Japanese people don't have many chances to wear it.
I have worn it once at the coming of age ceremony.
I am worrying about it..
First part in chapter one, ``Create a Personally, Professionally, and Financially Rewarding Career Doing What You Love``.
We talk to each other about our culture, food, clothes and building in the past in our own country, and we try to compare between our civilization.
We also talk about politics, sport, and trying to know what is new in Arab coutries (because we are both arabic).
I can read (though I sometimes need to use a dictionary) easy English but it's difficult to write in or speak English.
And now, I want to begin learning English carefully.
``I Call It Love`` by Lionel Richie is one of my favorite songs recently.
Every time I threw harsh remarks to him, he accepted them all and kept on being sincere and sweet, except for my one word.
Some people I know said that he is talking to me, because he wants a permanent visa.
He got furious about it and then said ``Forget about me.`` I strongly regretted about what I'd done to him and apologized to him.
Needless to say, broadcaster's speech is amusing.
Is it famous in your country?
And I got connected with iPod:)
I couldn't write down here my ideas..
Japanese citizens were stupid as well, and they kept believing in their cruel dictators until the end of WW2.
In short all aspects of Japanese culture such as journalism, philosophy, scientific techniques, educational systems and freedom of speech were completely immature at that time.
So Japan's completedefeat in the last world war was inevitable.
Oh, I forgot to explain about this movie and this usless battle ship. This useless battle ship sank in Okinawa with all its poor soldiers in 1945.
a battle scene was good but the other scenes were boring.
But I listen to a various music, Pop, R& B, Hiphop, Blues, Country, Reggae....
But we can only exchange new cellphones the day you bought them.
There are many places to go.
I'm looking forward to going there.
November comes in one week.
Last Sunday I had the Toeic test and it was not quite good as much as I expected and even after having this test, I lost my self-confidence about my English.
I know I am very lucky, furthermore owing to everyone's help.
I mean, I'm so scared. I want to be a teacher, but I feel nervous. I am worried about not being able to provide the adequate instruction, and I'm scared of not being good enough for my students.
Does this sound familiar to you?
In Japanese, there are meny many words which are used only by man men and only or women.
Some oversea students who really want to stay here have already found internships, but I am still struggling with my search though I am almost to the end.
Recently, I've been really tired.....
I like the sitcom because it is realistic and the characters are so lovely.
I've seen many movies that Jeniffer has participated in.
Today's Lunch
I read a news site and the news site says that there were five hundred
It is so interesting for foreigner. My friends are foreigner so I think that they will be interested in that.
Our city held the coming of age ceremonies yesterday instead of today.
My parents bought my furisode (long sleeve kimono) for me.
That early morning, I went to the beauty parlor, and I had my hair set and wore the furisode.
Good morning!
On Saturday I went to Edinburgh for a vacation.
english is not bad, but typing is really hard TT
It is very comfortable to speak Japanese withont any stress and I am quickly drifting away from English.
I am doing my best to recall things about the pharmacy.
Occupation: university student
Finally, I got my new driver's license.
crazy?
It's already midnight.
It is so noisy.
Sometimes my friend and I go the supermaket to buy some sort of japanese snack to go with our beer,
I've got it all under control though.
This is about education, and I want you to correct it.
For example, in en elementary school, you can learn the way of communication not to mention studying, and you can learn to cooperate with your friends in a junior high school and high school.
I think the term is a very important time for us, because you can find yourself. What is your dream, your thinking, your position and your best friend, through other people.
(in other words, the people who don't know how to communicate with other people)
Because I do not have a bad case of acne.
When I speak English, it takes a lot of time to come up with right words so I guess I should train my English so as to speak instantly.
If his grandfather could eat a piece of memory toast which contains the memory of Peter, his grandfather and he could chat to each other as before.
why did Paku Yonha commit suicide??:(
and he said that he really wanted to meet his Japanese fans.
On the first day we went on an excursion to/ in the Kremlin.
May 7th We went on an excursion to the city.
Suddenly, the bus driver hollered at me and said ``Congratulations to you!`` and kept explaining to me while I just try to figure out it as I woke out of my dream.
I just want to write this in English.
and was mostly resting.
So, we went to a zoo, and there was a cheetah, which is my brother's favorite animal
and there was a zebra, which is my favorite animal.
then I can go to a Japanese college or graduate school.
I watched ``The Sixth Sense``.
Yesterday, I watched ``The Sixth Sense`` on TV.
Since it was something msterious, I was caught up in the story in a moment.
I love watching the TV program!
I guess it is going to be a white Christmas tomorrow.// URL
Happening!!
The piano priced $ 130 seems to be accurate to a beginner like me.
I can connect a headset to it and play silently.
I appreciate them.
But a lot of people like too shopping there because it has a lot of things to buy. When I was younger I liked to go shopping at Sapan. They are open every day and all night, except Wednesdays. They have a lot of dresses.
In the Bangkok we have lots of supermarkets too,
such as The Lotus, Big C, the mall, Central, Careful, Slam, Central World, etc.
I live in Hokkaido, which is in the northern part of Japan.
An uncle, as well as my cousin and his wife (last month of pregnancy) was there.
Supermarkets.
Supermarkets in Australia are far larger than those in Japan.
I feel happy as imported foods are so useful (?) such as anchovies, beetroots, fresh mushrooms, etc.
I couldn't get information about the typhoon from my TV.
It is pretty good.
I want to write a new diary but I'm so sleepy...
so I created an account and now I use this service.
but gradually I could handle and enjoy it.
I have been so tired since last night.
Bringing back 4 chairs was so tiring.
I think the new Singapore President will be elected today.
The cafe makes a ``handmade pork cutlet``.
So they depended on their relatives, but they treated them very bad. So the brother
his sister all the time, up until she died.
I plan to go to South Africa with some Americans, and British in February.
My friend told me I can use omegle to chat with foreigners.
Actually, My major was computer science.
First, I want to study English and then get a job.
occassionally, you may grow very tired and frustrated.
This is an open-air bath at the balcony in the room where I stayed.
Because I felt very sleepy and the wind was so strong.
Voice phishing is the criminal act of using a telephone to obtain financial gain.
And amazingly, many people become victims of their scams.
It was interesting, and we all enjoyed it.
when I smelt something burning.
So I looked over my shoulder to find my favorite
my favourite blanket burning a little and fire was about to happen.
but after the happening white smoke lay around in my small room,
Podcasts are amazing!!!
The title looks like it has a special meaning, but actually it has none.:p
So, starting with an easy question; What do you think about learning languages?
I have a plan to stay in USA next year, it'll be the most awesome time of my life!
First I watched ``The Blind Side``.
It was at midnight and so I recorded it on my DVD recorder instead of watching it.
(I'm sorry this site is written only in Japanese.)
Well, thanks for reading!!
My English teacher in Japan reccommended me to study for IELTS before for staying in Canada.
However it's not necesary for me to take it now for either school or immigration.
However, I cannot speak English well or understand talk among native speakers because it's too fast.
So, somehow I try to listen to their lines, but it's too difficult.
I drank alcohol which name is Soju (kind of Korea Vodka) last night!
In the past three months, I had to join in my company for practices.
It is really suited for me.
I mean, English is spoken all over the world.
Because, I don't like carrying around an umbrella.
The original is a manga written by Shotaro Ishinomori.
I haven 'tbeen back to Japan since December 2008 so I was so excited about seeing my parents, younger sister and friends.
I stayed my parents house and had really good time.
But actually I found this system very attractive because when people study a second language, it would be a great support if their writing were checked by native speakers.
I am so appreciative about the fact I had preapared TOEFL because it gave me many valuable experiences in Reading, Speaking, and Writing,
Without TOEFL's experience, score, and training, I could not get those jobs in just two weeks.
The university entrance mark will come out! I am nervous because (I don't think) I (will) have a good mark.
Vocabulary section's results
Mispronunciation or misspelling-19%
Actually, appropriateness and relevance as separate categories are kind of redundant.
The bridegroom was the guitarist of my band, the bride was a staff member, and I was the vocalist.
I want to send Christmas card to my friend.
I heard that a lot of Finnish like Robert's coffee. Is it true?
Happy Christmas!
I am sometimes in a bad condition maybe because of my unbalanced diet.
And then, at about 11: 30, my mom and I went to Waikiki to go shopping and eat lunch.
Maybe one day, when I start working, I will use it. If I give it up now, someday I could regret it. So, keep at it and don't give up!
That said, I absolutely have to clean it up before October, because next year I goin to my third year of University. My program is called ``Arts and Technologies of the Image``.
I'm really happy!!
I have received a mail from my friend in Korea.
I mailed her that I wrote Korea.
She was so surprised!!
Almost 6 months
Can I speak English very well with foreigners?
Most western people have long arms, legs and big hips.
I have a plan for learning English
First, study grammar, second, read anything in English, third, see a kid's movie repeatedly, fourth, write a diary.
I remember especially the english exam. Particularly the composition which asked us to write about a hot pot. God, I just wonder that there are how many Chinese guys that eat with foreigners.
In fact, when I went to Canada last summer, there was many kinds of English because there're many immigrations and foreign students like me.
What I have to do is simple-put the clothes and detergent into the proper places in the machine, switch on some button and then hang the clothes in the sun.
Through this inccident I learned that we mustn't leave clothes outdoors when we go out, even though the possibility of raining is less than 30%.
Now we know they are peaceful species in general. ``
I was moved by the ceremony and I am surprised at the things that various countries take part in in the Olympics, even regions without snow.
I was given souvenirs from the Olympics.
Even so, I should have kept practicing English writing.
I only stayed there one day or two day long.
I don't like ECC's reading method.
(It's not continuous.)
The word SOHO, which is an acronym for Small Office Home Office, has become familiar since the Internet has become prevalent in society.
Recently Japanese sewing companies are having trouble surviving because of low pay, lack of workers (especially young generations), and so on.
They can use Chinese trainees with cheap wages since the middle of last year.
Naturally enough, they have not been able to employ the Chinese workers at such a low cost.
The Japanese government changed the minimum wage for foreign trainees.
At that time I didn't want to cry, but I couldn't stop my tears.
On the other hand, social enterprises can obtain funds regularly because they are run through the business method.
I have been studying English, since I'm junior high school student; but, I can't speak English.
At last I found a shoe store.
I used to like partying and things like that, but not any more ~ ~ because lately every time I have been to one there is always some dirty secret for me to find out.
I'm trying to be a good girl ~ `not saying bad things behind other people's backs ~ ~ but I always break my promise ~ ~ girls are all about gossip I guess> <
But now I realise how much happiness I have missed during the period when I was dying to grow up.
My favorite fruit is the peach because of its scent, juice, and sweet taste.
The travelling time was more than 2 hours by car, especially because it was the first day of a three-day weekend (Jul 18 is a national holiday in Japan, Marine day) and there was a lot of traffic.
Fortunately, there have been no injuries reported so far even though 21 fire engines gathered and were fighting the fire for 7 hours.
I will write an original story.
Because I nearly have a test.
I write mystery, series....
I was concentrating on watching the fight. Every time a round ends her job is to walk around the octagon with the round board. Then she walked around the octagon and she blew a kiss at the cameraman before returning to her seat.
I went to the university's hospital even though today was Saturday because our doctor told all the members of our team to go.
We attended the morning conference and had short lessons from doctors, and had my instructive doctor check my patient's report.
The messages said that my card's number corresponded to the card company's one, so they canceled my orders.
I have a bad memory.
Recently I'm trying to select English-speaking ones, because I can study English while watching them.
The advantage is that I can watch it again and again, study natural dialogue, and for better or worse, learn some slang that I wasn't able to study at school.
Russian is a wonderful language because the sound when you speak is great.
But I don't like the votings, because the politic sythem is awful.
I mean tracking (change pages) speed were slow and sometimes errors occurred.
So I will write a diary about English Writing at Lang-8.
But they are definitely not.
We are all Japanese inhabitants, so we must share the pain and the goal to overcome this crisis.
How can I relax my mood?
First day
Interview 1
Hello teachers on the internet.
But I have to take an interview to go-which will surely be a hindrance for me.
The following are some of the questions I will face in the interview.
I have put a lot of effort into the past 3 years to learn English language.
This included paying a private tutor, taking English radio
programs, listening to pod-casts and using lang-8.
The skills I'll obtain will help me to facilitate meetings with foreign organizations.
A typhoon will come to Japan...
This typhoon is so strong according to the weather forecast.
Hello.
When I saw the characters being chased by a big fierce bird and flying about among the trees, it strongly reminded me of a scene from Nausicaa, a Japanese anime, where humans were chased by huge insects in a poisonous wood.
In order to make the flash work, I didn't have a afternoon nap, but I debugged it after I finished it, it still didn't work.
I totally failed.
I must practice English skill.
I was suprised at how much water we use.
From now on I will care about how much water or any kind of energy I use.
I want other people to care about energy.
We know that any kind of energy is limited but many people pretend to not notice.
If someone has a good idea that saves energy, please let me know!!
does it all make sense?
Therefore, that is cheap but the shop worker made a mistake.
He gave me a walkman with speaker and cable!
Eventually, I bought a walkman and speaker 6000yen.
There were many beachgoer on the Zushi beach today.
I think that writing skills of any language are very important since you try to use the grammar and vocabularies correctly when you are writting, that is also a key to influence your spoken languages.
Many celebrities have the same one.
It is a very sunny day today, unfortunately, the weather forecast says that it will be cloudy and rainy in Hiroshima tomorrow.
Although Mother helped me, it still took 1 and a half an hour to put it on.
I often call China's embassy,
My little sister actually had to study for an examination.
She started working earlier than when I got my part-time job.
The majority of them in the west part of Japan are known as kuma zemi (means bear cicada).
Many people that live in the east part of Japan don't know it and are suprised that it is so loud.
Because, I went to a restaurant with a discount ticket!
Then I went to another restaurant and (I) drank some liquor.
So, I restart studying!
I'm woke up too late this morning, so I can't sleep now.
That's why I have felt abnormal about this summer's climate in Japan.
Please tell me how to write in English well.
DoAre you interested in becoming Language-Partners?
I want continue my study at university, but I am afraid that I did not do good on my exams.
As you may know, wetbacks are Mexican and they enter America as illegal immigrants.
80 percent of illegal immigrants are from Mexico and the other 20 percent is from Latin America, India, Brazil, and China.
The picture below are coffins.
The main reason is to get a job, earn money, and support their family.
Teenager Sayra lives in Honduras.
Her father in the America is deported back to Honduras.
That's why the farmer lose their jobs and go to America.
If global warming become worse than it is now, the production of corn will decrease 48 percent.
One of my friends told me that the thing that you do not want to do is often the very thing that you need to do if you are striving for success.
celebrating grandad and grandma.
However, it is difficult to create anything that doesn't look like a blog.
I'd appreciate it if you would correct this.
Which sentence is better???
It reminded me of my balloons and how they used to fly in the clear skies.
This is because there are many high school student who are studying in the library, so there are no seats left.
I found the below campaign.
If I get this money, I'm want to make a pyramid of hamburger.
Hello! Nice to meet you!
They stay at my school and then tomorrow they'll come to my house.
This song is one of my favorites.
When you are lonely, I'll be your friend.
Today was the first time I have listened to this song in ages.
I learned many things from him: Korean, Korean music, Korean culture and so on.
Last night I haven't slept, because my neighbour has turned his music sooo loud..
It make me agressive because he is a Nazi-.-*
I want to learn about new computer technology and make it.
When I went to a restaurant and ordered a Coke, the waitress could not understand my English.
The restaurant was built as a place for disabled people to work.
Most beautiful place
But temperature has been below 10 degrees.
Some people say that it takes a pretty long time to be good at English, but I don't think so.
I wasn't ready to speak any English when I got the U.
Today, I bought Kimchi at a Korean market on Geary street. There was something wrong with the bus that I took coming back to my house.
Should I have got in a taxi?
I believe we can reconstruct the devastated areas.
I have made my son who is 10 years old learn to playing violin for two years, because my son was always just watching TV in his free time, and because I have good memories of learning to play the flute.
At that time, my city carried out a plan to make this region active using music, and junior orchestra club was organized as a part of the plan.
The city prepared many musical instruments, and rents them to children for about 45 dollars per year.
A private music school also got angry with it as competition with their business, and the school director blamed it in their homepage.
In my son's case, the most difficult thing about it is putting off attractive TV and making time for a lesson.
He often frowns when I say ``Let's begin music time!``
I traveled and worked in Australia for 10 months 2 years ago.
It is not a very touching story but I have watched the series since I was 10 years old, so it made me cry! LOL
I will definitely come back to this beautiful country again!
I am going to find a good teacher and take some lessons.
I want to communication with people from different cultures and countries.
When I read the newspaper this morning, I saw an article about the
(I attached the article in Japanese)
so that I get ascore of 800 on theTOEIC.
I think that I will enjoy myself more if I learn the culture and the history before traveling to the place. So I am going to learn the culture and the history of Hawaii from books and/ or websites before visiting it!
I try to read newspaper, some business magazines and website articles to improve my English skills.
But it's too difficult for me!!
SO, it took more than 30 mitutes to read just one article.
I don't think I can read that articles in the near future...
It's easy to read and I can learn some useful phrases.
Besides that, it still has an antique little train.
And Iike music, hip hop music.
So please make me your friend!!
I think that Japanese people, of course including me, definitely lack exposure to real conversation in English. This is in spite of the fact that most Japanese students usually study English for more than 6 years at school which is a form junior high school to a college.
After all, the majority of Japanese people can read English to some extent but most can never speak it.
I received a picture of my female friend.
She is twelve years old.
So, I have to learn about managing a business.
But I enjoy the challenge.
I've experienced a rolling power outage tonight for the first time.
I want to improve my ability to make a sentence.
Has your father visited a lot of countries?
Hasn't your father visited a lot of countries?
My favorite person is Ichiro Suzuki.
Because he is a dream maker.
Here we have a very large Russian speaking community (appr. 1 million, we have only 4. 5 mln people in Israel in all).
But our habits and mentality keep us together.
First diary in English
Today, I am writing a diary in English.
And at the time American people said '' Yah-!!
It's about the famous historic detective BaoZheng.
He was very kind and helpful towards the common/ ordinary people and detected? (resolved)? many complex problems.
Today I signed up to this site.
I can check your diary written in Japanese.
I want to help you, and
I am supposed to attend one of my co-workers wedding.
I thinkhe has nice character and is a well rounded person.
When he announced his wedding we blushed out of shyness.
And I will tell you what had happened at the event later, maybe it will be on Monday.
This site is different.
public or private, from primary school to junior high, highschool to college, and university.
This is my first diary on Lang-8!
Today, I surfed the Internet as usual.
I think it is important for me to write in English to learn correct grammar.
So, from today, I will try to write a diary in English every day.
When I entered my office I found money on the ground and I picked up it.
I was at a loss whether to bring it to the police station or bring it to my office's director.
After a while director said to me ``The money's owner was found and he said to thank you for it.``
I thought to myself, ``I did a good job``.
What should I do when I feel life is treating me unfairly?
But there is no software at my house.
During winter vacation I will buy software and go back home.
They made announcements about Lion (Mac OS), iOS5 and iCloud, as reported in various articles.
A film called ``The Stoning of Soraya M.`` has stirred controversy.
Top Sales
Hello. This week my classes begin.
I am studying to enter college, and it requires a lot of preparation, so I have to study hard.
They give relief supplies and money and run relief operations for victims.
I wondered if I could do anything for them, so I went to the Japanese association to give a donation for them on the weekend.
I want to express an appreciation for the many people who help the victims in Japan, because I think they give a wish and courage to victims in Japan to live a positive life.
Everytime, when I clean my room I was angry about why I have so much hair and why they can't stop shedding.
A Welcome Party
Some people treat animals as objects and use them on a great scale since it can possibly maximize the benefits for human beings.
because my favourite lady is Taiwanese
we talk in English.
The LUMIX Phone is great because the camera is very high quality, as high as a normal digital camera. It also has 1seg, which notifies me of severe weather, such as an earthquake.
It was a very actual theme because almost every person today has a personal account in some social web.
Every time when I am given a topic and asked to talk about it, I find it is hard for me to arrange my thoughts: what are the issues in the topic, what to write first, how to develop it, and how to conclude it.
Although I see the many books about how to write essays, it remains a problem.
After the younger guy left the bathroom, he went in the bathroom, but he had been in the bathroom about 15 minutes, so there were a few people who were waiting for him.
I'm making a movie to teach the idiom ``come clean``.
Please check it!
A: I saw You and Kana there, ``come clean``.
It is a short-haired cat and has a bright brown color hair.
Furthermore the climate of our room became more favourable and calm.
In short, I think there is a big difference between guys 'desires and girlss desires...
According to the book, love often increases, but lust just decreases.
Jon always teases me that my English is regressing.
And, I want to buy the latest by ``ONE PIECE``!
I have two elder brothers and one little brother.
I read an article about The Karate Kid
I have watched The Karate Kid 12, 3
By the way, I'm starting this diary to study English.
But I'm very relieved because the mistake was not correct.
I cleaned my house. My bedroom was dirty.
I don't wanna look like a weirdo.
The thing that I will never forget is that an old geezer talked to me even though I had another customer, and he didn't leave the store at once.
Tourists can enter limited areas inside the mosque, even not Islam believer.
It was a drink that I had not known before coming to Singapore.
It's unhealthy.
Then they cleaned up the nursery.
Finally, they went to a supermarket to do some grocery shopping on an errand for their mother.
Many Japanese look forward to it every year.
But adults have to think about something.
Therefore, adults should not be selfish.
I've forgotten a lot of the Japanese business rules.
It's really important for business in Japan.
I haven't forgotten this one, but when I'm in this situation, I sometimes use some casual words.
Come to think of it, I sat down in a chair without permission from my client.
They go to elementary school now.
It is still chilly in the early morning and night.
Do you like to study in the weekend?
Thank you for helping me correct my journal
Do you use ``that`` when you say something you already mentioned or something mutually known??
Last night, the teacher is a black man. He come from Botswana.
I haven't hated Japan any more. I think this is a past thing.
I studied aerospace engineering and probably I will continue to study it in October (another 2 years).
English in fundamental for my future job and for my study...
but I struggle to pass from grammar to constructing phrases, speeches...
I enjoy soccer (football), basketball, cycling (road racing), using my Mac and iPhone, taking photos with my digital camera, and so on.
I'm moving to another seat.
But I forgot all the pain when I saw the beautiful sunset!
I couldn't understant the story because my listening skills are bad.
Tuesday, after work, I've my waist ached.
In the morning today, I was so surprised to look at my waist.
I don't feel regret for sacrificing sleep.
They are great!
If I want to thanks you, I would write in the card to ex ``Thank you for cheering me up!:)``
But when I remembered that he has seventy million dollars when there are a lot of hungry people in his country, I said that he deserves what happened to him because he didn't have mercy on his people; we shouldn't have mercy on him.
Finally, I want to say congratulations to all the Egyptians. You have been patient for thirty years. Congratulations to all the youth, men, women, and children who spent more than two weeks in the streets making their demands.
After he returns from work, he takes off his clothes, of course dirty socks to be contained, in the room.
I studied german in high school and I studied french and chinese in university.
Anyway, I'm going to eat everything I want to eat.
But today, I didn't have anything to do, so I went to the Japanese market near my home and borrowed my favourite DVDs.
It will probably be performed until the twenty first or twenty second of this month.
He's a member of group called SMAP.
because I `ve just signed up to the Lang-8 website 3 days ago!
The rest of us was very surprised, but we all said together, ``Indeed!``
For example, if a gay couple from California go to Texas, their marriage becomes illegal, which means they are not married anymore.
Typhoon 12
However, I haven't spoken English in a while, so I want to improve.
I `m studying English because I want to travel abroad and talk to foreigners.
However, most of the time I was talking to Japanese people. I had hardly talked to local people or foreigners.
I felt disappointed that I couldn `t speak English and so I decided to study the language.
We are staying here until next Friday.
Also, our hotel is fantastic; we have a really exclusive and pretty apartment with the most beautiful seaview (which) I have ever seen.
They (have) sent our dog to a different continent! Amol is probably in China!
And last, but the most annoying thing is stupid French people.
They are so rude, they probably think that they are the best in everything in entire world, and they treat tourists the worst.
The number of subjects is few and easy this year, unlike last year and the year before last.
Will I receive the answer by Christmas?
I will go to the same concert tomorow too.
She told me she had gotten a driver's license in Vancouver.
Because before that, I had only been around downtown in Vancouver.
If I had a driver's license and a car, I could go to any beautiful place in Vancouver.
But for now, I want to focus on studying English and getting a job.
I am a beginner of this site, Lang-8 and I don't know how to use it well.
I would be grateful if somebody can help me.
I submitted a job application last month.
Althought, I got a sad reply.
I have been surprised to see this is a nice website that has a lot of friends to learn language.
Therefore I wanna see many things, eat something delicioius, and have a good time with my friends!!!
I had a headache, stomachache, fever and a sick feeling last night.
We deepened our friendship.
I will spend the money on deliciousfood on our trip tomorrow.
I couldn 't attend the class although I went to school on time.
diary?
When I listen to songs that are written in English and watch Hollywood movies,
Aha!
I don't want to do it and I get so frustrated.
Sometimes I can write in English easy and comfortably.
Bella's pronunciation is especially difficult for me.
I went to my friend's baby shower last Saturday (two days ago).
My friend tried fertilization treatments for the last seven years, so I knew she was really really happy about. giving birth to twins.
We had delicious food and a lot of girl talk. We all cried when she told us about her babies. We were very happy and many people came and celebrated. with her.
Studying everyday was so hard for me, I have to study English, Mathematics and Economics.
I will travel to Busan, South Korea.
The colors which are used in the movie are so beautiful.
If someone likes Japanese movies, I'd like to recommend that person to watch it.
I went to the library this morning.
``POMERA`` is a writing tool.
Whether they're brothers or parents, they propose marriage.
Can you believe it?
I get transferred every three or four years.
In the last while TV in Spain (but really I think in all countries) has become crap.
I really hate them.
Now I have more time to dedicate to myself, for learning about the things that really concern me.
Many people spend time complaining about TV and those programs, but they continue watching them, creating a vicious circle.
I do benefit a little bit from primogeniture.
This is a typical Japanese male habit.
And the technique called ``Mashup`` is interesting.
Have you heard of this profession?
I am studying mining engineering and I want to learn English, please somebody help me because here (in my city) it is very difficult find somebody to practice with.
I'm on the bullet train, the ``shinkansen``
I didn't watch TV at all.
I don't get time to watch it at all.
So I have no idea about news like influenza (disease caused by a virus).
There are many people who have masks and don't sell masks now.
Today, I decided to start a diary in English, because I want to improve my English skill.
They are used in semicconductor, digital devices, and so on.
Recently, I like foreign dramas.
My favorite drama is ``friends``!
Message to...
I hope you enjoyed being in Jordan with us, and good luck, we wish to see you another time.
First of all, I can't correct my compositions, because I don't know how to display the keyboard when I want to correct.
Expecting a reward after a good deed has never been seen in the Chinese society not until recently.
for example, some people claim for money after helping someone catch thieves or returning another's picked-up purse.
and whether a reward should be expected has arisen unprecendented heat discussions.
Furthermore (or ``In addition``), I really don't think rewards could stimulate more people into doing good deeds, for it can only rot one's pure mind and complicate one's simple thought.
my boyfriend Andrew got acquainted with my father and I think they dislike each other...
I love Andrew so much, but I can't disagree with my father's opinion...
and it is my favourite.
and I'm going to movie theater tomorrow!!!
I'll make an appointment with a pediatrician on Monday.
I really hope my daughter will be well.
So I will go for it and learn something from it.
The passage said that if I ask someone the way to my destination, I should say ``Could you tell me how to get to ~?`` rather than ``Please tell me how to get to ~``.
I study English everyday to enter University or graduate school in USA.
But I think I will eat before I join my class, because I didn't have a breakfast.
because my major won in the quiz competition.
and I will appreciate if you comment on this diary
``You killed two innocent soldiers,
But you denied the suspicion of murder so you will be imprisoned.
Take the defendant to the prison! ``
in fact, it was a kind of elevator.
then, Tessadar touched something that looked like a ball
And, the basket moved quickly.
Tessadar swung his arm slowly
I should sleep
I'm glad to find this useful site.
I'm a staff at a wedding ceremony.
I got a lot of messages for birthday wishes!
Today, Sex and the City premiered in Roppongi Hills.
We ate sushi for lunch.
I ate pretty great sushi.
I got really excited and missed japan while eating it.
Fortunately I didn't need to pay,
Tomorrow I have to get up earlier,
But I'm in Hokkaido now because of the summer vacation.
And there are two answers.
Which one is correct?
It was quite expensive, but I'm feeling good though! So it's ok.
Moreover, the slogan ``What are you made of,`` shows ownership of the watch.
However, this advert can address people who drink Pepsi.
woohoo..
As you may know, the highest mountain in Japan is Mt.
Fuji is covered with lava rocks, so it is not very fun to climb up, at least for me. (:p
North is a fascinaing mountain because it has a lot of alpine plants in summer.
I've been into mountain climbing these past 5 or 6 years.
I went shopping for 3 hours.
A piece of square paper was the universe to me when I was little.
I was lucky I did not see real/ live boar while I was enjoying hiking:)
Because Ihope I can talk to foreigners.
But his words are really hard for me to understand, because he always talks to me about philosophy, at the same time, I am a girl who majors in business administration.
of course it's not all.
but I caught exprience of a lot of things!
A Return to Beginner's English: 6th day
I'm practicing ballet in my house now.
I think we should protect the earth from getting strange.
You should be get a buddy!!!
I get irritated whenever everyone else does.
I think it's really important to sleep well.
I'm majoring in law, and I'm a member of the GCP.
GCP stands for ``Global Citizenship Program``.
Do you watch the TV program ``Friends``?
Friends is a very popular US comedy.
Friends is very funny.
Non-alcoholic beer
This week I have not been drunk of any alcohol.
It's a miracle for me during the past twenty years.
There are reasons why I haven't drunk non-alcohol beer this week.
In Japan, we have seven kinds of 0%-alcohol/ non-alcoholic beer now.
When we drink any alcohol, we feel comfortable and dull.
I think that alcohol is a time-robber.
But if I drink alcohol, I lose my motivation that I want to do something.
Owing to non-alcoholic beer, this week I began to participate lang-8 to study English again.
It took for 2 hours, first 45 minutes for the listening section, and then 75 minutes for the reading section, without a break between the two sections.
I asked myself why I couldn't catch the answers I could at home and I became more nervous.
I really enjoy learning English.
Today is the first day that I registered on Lang-8!
When I went home, Paster's wife gave me a ride to go home.
I thout that it would be convenient if I have a bicycle.
I knew that the one person who I have ever quarreled with is similar to myself.
I don't want to mention his name here.
I just hope that he has enough skilled and stuffto overcome the seduction.
It seemed their opinions are completely different.
We confused and mad, but we obeyed the indication of Doctor F.
This morning, I got my grade
There are 4 parts in the exam which are grammer, speaking, essay, and listening.
I looked around it and joined immediately, because I thought it was very useful for me to learn English.
This site is great for us to study foreign languages.
This is the highest temperature I've had in my life.
I study English in class.
konnichiwa felow friends I finaly got a sneek peek of my comic on facebook but its backwards and sumimasen about that but hope you can see its artistic work if do but vol 2 is better than one and im also try real hard to study more japanese so sayonara freinds
When the two boards touched a line 50 meters away, we went through a net tunnel, then stopped at a shelf which had six toy oxes on it. We had to knock down the six oxes with little bags filled with sand before we hit a gong at the finish.
The group that had the shortest time won the championship.
I was hoping to find someone to teach me spanish:) I am totally fascinated by this beautiful language!
I would rather the manager wouldn't tell his secretary about the deal.
There are these kinds examples in my textbook.
Additionally we can patiently hear their speaking because we know how they feel.
This orchestra was conducted by handicapped people.
Yesterday morning, I had a regular medical check-up and drank a lot of barium.
After I drank a lot of barium, I had to be rolled sideways three times on the stage of the X-ray equipment.
I'd like to try to make a good solution by using what I have learned this time.
People lined up for hours there.
That means tomorrow is the last day of my holiday!!
Finally I decided on my favorite one, and then I brought it to the cashier.
It was warm and sunny in the morning and windy and rainy for the rest of the day.
They are so so cute because they are very much like me.
I tried looking for a parking area but all of them were full...
Because it was a sunny day, I felt comfortable.
Today my mother's friend with her daughter came by.
Her daughter is 9 years old.
And I will appreciate the helpful corrections.
I really respect them.
There were people/ students doing different activities, some were playing football, some were (ranting about their naggy mothers and their shopping trips on weekends, some are were developing films.
1 I got a chance to talk with him
I hope my personality will grow through my relationship with her.
I often ignore the alarm and don't go to turn it off at its first ring and it makes my mother annoyed.
I'm teaching mathematics.
Oh and sadly, actually not so sad but troublesome, my periods just began yesterday.
And coincidentally, the day after I emailed them was the new member night that is held every two years in the choir.
I started to write a diary on lang-8.
We had such a good time that we decided to meet again next Wednesday at Nara, where I live,
I have to carry them form town to my place, so I only buy necessary things such as rice, vegetables to make some soup, water, and so on......
Tomorrow, when I go to town, I'll buy some cookies for her daughter.
I write a diary for the first time.
I got some live experience, and I used to think that all experience are useful, no matter good it or bad (the situation).
I used to hate English (I really DID!), but now I love English:) I'm now using this site to find new friends and improve my English even more!
I'd like to speak these languages fluently.
Looking forward to your ``Motor Season`` come soon.
The contents of the other book is English for business.
The needed skills for business is communications and technical skills, is not the right English.
I hope that I get qualification of a Yoga instructor and international of it.
I ate sushi.
The point is that we can't determine what kind of impacts the products will have on our health in the long run even though they might prove to be safe in experiments done by scientists.
After all, I think our health is irreplaceable especially with the low prices fulfilled by the mass productions.
because I had overslept.
I had great time.
It had softer fur than I thought.
* My grammar is probably terrible today.
I have just started to learn English.
I know that my English is not excellent.
It is that I will be able to express my true feeling with someone even if/ though they don't understand.
I had better finish now and go to the bed.
Fortunately there were no broken items in my house.
However, I still cannot adjust myself to this new life.
Meanwhile, there were also many rabbits in the tree staring [in] at what was happening inside.
After I finished work, I went to the cheap restaurant near my house.
And I took two math tests, one mechanics test, one biology test and one thermodynamics test on September 1st to 3rd.
Yesterday I went to the city where I used to live as a student ten years ago.
This is my first dairy.
It is practice course and shorter than a real golf course.
Please tell me.
These sentences, or parts of sentences have some grammatical error, (or misapplication) but I can't understand what is incorrect and how I should correct it.
1. Make students translate only the sentences in which there are grammatically important parts.
7. To concentrate on Japanese sentences makes students think that they're more important than English sentences.
10. Japanese has many ways of expression, as well as English.
I hope to have a great night. Nagoya has several places to enjoy.
I went to yoga lesson this morning.
I get stuck in traffic so I was late a little.
Today, I worked to clean and move my firefox browser
Because my old account incurred some problem,
, and I hope that I can do something that can only be done in a student's life
The earliest train is at 9: 00.
Bills at Tokyo opened last month. I had been eager to taste it.
I need to know not only English but also the choice of words.
I wish a happy Christmas for the both of us!
A weird movie:
It was crowded with many people.
I found an interesting painting there called the ``Tinga Tinga``.
They're colorful and beautiful with delicate brushworks.
The reason is that I am too lazy ~ HAHA ~
The actor is so cool!!!! I recommend it!
I'm Yukiyafrom Japan.
The heavy growth of white narcissus looked like a white carpet.
And I had no idea what to say upon seeing the hill, decorated with blue Nemophila and rape (?) blossoms, the most popular place in this park.
This year I participated in the ``North California Cherryblossom Festival`` located in San Fransisco.
San Francisco has many large hills.
Some people danced with us while others took pictures.
This link is precious to me and I would like to keep it that way.
I'll tell you guys about fashion, which I love.
I really love fashion, clothes, shoes, bags and accessories etc...
Nowadays I notice that with good sense I can make a well coordinated outfit with cheap or reasonable clothes.
Fortunately, we have many choices because there are increasingly a lot of good stores, which are, Forever 21, H& M, UNIQLO, MUJI, GAP and ZARA.
Please tell me your thoughts.
Well, this post is not about the date of Hikoboshi and Orihime, who are the couple of the Tanabata legend, but the one of my daughter and her boy friend.
These3 guys can (both) sing and play well and they made theaudience laugh with the funny things they said.
Yesterday my friend and I went to a restaurant to have dinner.
Bread (toast) gets moldy quickly, too.
Now I am learning English for CET-4, I like English, but I find it such a pain to study.
Especially remembering new words, I have a feeling I'll never remember them.
I currently use a ``futon``, Japanese mattress, but it is too thin to sleep well.
I'm looking forward to the delivery.
Earthquake and tsunami. I'm OK.
So many people died in the tsumami including some of this hospital's staff and some patients 'families.
There were collapsed shops, overturned cars, much wasted (?) material.
I think winter is coming soon.
I hadn't eaten during the twenty-four hours before (no, I did not eat him!), so I bought a burger because there was nothing else.
The main character of this comic is a man who is an assassin.
So he needs to disguise himself as a woman.
I am worried about tomorrows weather.
It was for Christians who want to learn more about worship, praise, and prayer.
It was a blessed holiday!:D
And, of course, we have one too!
If I should break my right hand, shoulder or an elbow, I would use the others.
I registered with this website to learn English.
Before I've got to know lang-8.
I really appreciate if you could correct my bad English.
Now I can see that writing on a computer in diferent languege is more difficult than using my native one.
It would be a great opportunity to learn foreign languages and make friends.
I recommend these songs of his: Gick in the pink, Remedy, and Wordplay.
only the sound of raining.
Do you still remember me from the day it was raining?
Yakiniku is broiled meat.
Reunion Party
First, we were a little bit nervous to converse with each other but after 30 minutes, it was just like the old days.
We got information from the service desk.
I want to go anywhere!!
I guess it's just a more polite way to ask for information or a favour?
I tried to connect the internet, but I couldn `t get it to connect.
Very seriously.
My favorite game is shogi.
Do you know shogi?
Finally I found a good one.
Also, we ordered ice-cream, toast with ham, cheese, and bulgarian pepper, and herbal tea.
In conclusion, technology is useful for education, but we need to have the ability to carefully find and select information.
For example, thermal/ electrical conductivity, lustre, ductility, malleability and so on.....
I went to the hospital yesterday, and took a lot of medicine.
I hope they make me comfortable quickly.
The medicine costs 2500 Yen.
Favourite: basketball
I remember days in Japan.
I'm very happy to start writing something in english.
it Seems I like a good chance to improve my english writing skills.
But the vocalist forgot the lyrics:p
I had a great day:p
Here you can see a picture from October 29th, 1929, the day of the stock market crash.
There was a fly on the ceiling.
My room had a high ceiling and the fly was on it.
Besides,_ there are few powerful and united orgnizations or associations that can shoulder the responsibility for holding massive and efficient activities on a worldwide scale.
What is needed,_ therefore,_ is education and publicity.
Meanwhile,_ governments have an obiligation to encourage citizens to take actions to preserve creatures via legislation and public media.
Likewise,_ national and international orgnizations aiming to save the Earth also can play an pivotal role in publicity and education.
I think the reason it is hard to learn english is remembering vocabulary words and speaking fluent English and listening every English.
Hello ~ I'm a newbie
haha I dont mean I wanna be a singer or someone famous, I just want to do something about music.
Ouch!
I hope that I will find a good job after. graduation
I insist that dreams will come true if I try my best to achieve them.
I changed my job to an Amarican company.
I am going to keep up writing my diary.
I think this is a very interesting and exciting service.
Some people think hobbies are a waste of time but I do not think so.
I have a stomachache to go to the office in such a day.
My area wasn't damaged.
But a friend of mine from Lang-8 was worried and sent me an email.
Words are the smallest unit of language.
You should study this Before you start learning or speaking English
I can't write good English when topics are complicated. suddenly, my English is going to sound strange.
I would appreciate it if you would talk to me in English, 'cause I would really like it. I'd also like to have someone to talk to, so thank you. I hope I will also be useful in teaching you Portuguese as well!
One Onigiri has only 150 calories.
I like Onigiri very much.
Today I ate roll cabbage lunch with my corworkers.
In my office restaurant, we can have lunch by 500yen.
I could sympathize with it very much.
even I have 3 accounts of twitter* I forget the passwords of the two accounts,..
I have been eating a lot of fruits and vegetables.
But I still have this constant feeling of laziness and fatness...
Please don't hesitate to talk to me.
In the city people respect the players who bring their own gear, especially violinists or cellists.
But they can't drink after a gig (because drunken driving is a crime in Japan).
Finally I recommend you play the cello if you have a choice between it or a contrabass.
I love my home and my parents.
he told me to, cross the road, turn right and go straight along the street.
Thanks million for reading my entry!!
The Web is Degenerating
Actually, it's given us uncountable benefits and an unbelievable world.
But when it comes to daily life, however, I see people who can't stop texting or chatting on their cell phones and who are absorbed in the web for long hours, not to mention myself.
Fortunately, we didn't sustain any damage.
The next day, the Chile earthquake happened.
I currently share an apartment with a Chinese man.
However, I'm thinking about moving to another apartment, because my present apartment is far from my office.
Today, I was very surprised to see a piece of Yahoo!
It said that KENJI OZAWA is re-starting his music activity after 13 years of silence.
But because of Woods's scandal, other important news was overwhelmed, e. g. the national health insurance problem, the Afghan war..
I'm not only excited but nervous too.
I will send an email to you when I leave for America.
I really enjoyed myself.
The teachers are gentle and nice. (spelling errors)
I'm a Chinese girl, I like speaking English, but I only speak a little.
class begins at 7. 00 and is over at 21. 45, so I go to bed at 23. 30, I will study for1 hour before I go to sleep.
In about a fortnight, I'm going to Sydney to study english for 6 months.
I am really interested in global environmental problems, so I want to study that in University (Im not a uni student yet).
Japanese eat rice almost everyday.
last night I saw several young jews taking pics with menorah and singing songs in the streets.
ahaha I changed my profile picture which I had taken on wednesday.
Today, I listened to music and..
Now you have two options: soft yolk or hard yolk.
Tret 'yakov's Art Gallery
Many ages ago in Russia lived the merchant Tret 'yakov.
He liked Russian art and bought paintings from great Russian artists.
This museum is named ``Tret' yakov's Art Galery ``, or in Russian,`` Tret 'yakovskaya Galereya``.
And now the Tret 'yakov Art Galery is a great Moscow museum.
Every day this gallery is attended by a lot of people.
They look at pictures of great Russian painters.
Tret 'yakov's Art Galery has not only pictures and statues, it has Russian culture and history, because these pictures show Russian culture and history.
It seems like Obama will strengthen gun registration or regulation.
3. shoot the ground or sky before shooting a human.
5. anyone shooting a human must be guilty.
I wanted to go to bed but I could not because it was too early to sleep.
because of his fast pronunciation and an accent different from an American.
anyway, today is my first day in London.
I think I will need time to adapt but I believe I can do everything like studying and making friends.
I went to shopping with a good friend of mine whose name is CHENG.
She was shocked and felt ashamed of herself.
Yours sincerely,
Probably they will become sweet tomatoes.:)
I am waiting for my visa
Today I've decided to skip some classes at school and just rest a little, enjoying my free time, I hope I'll be perfectly healthy on Monday!
First I will try looking for a new apartment.
It helps me find a apartment quickly so I can save time. I don't need to check the website
The end of winter vacation.
I am feeling dismal.
I am a real ignorant with the PC.
Many pictures and paintings are exhibited on the walls, which add some entertainment to the place.
My brother and I went to a health club in the evening.
In this thinking, every person has three unlucky years in his or her life.
Sevastopol's small streets are attractive for photographers.
The outskirts of Sevastopol were built in another way: small white houses predominate there, with colorful roofs and doors (we took our photos.
The rest believed the use of cyber language was more convenient than the formal one.
While we are alive, we can't judge whether our life is going the right way or not.
Although it's a new generation now changed, the education courses have not changed.
That is the reason why until I graduated high school, I hated Korea's education courses.
But after entering university, I was disappointed,
After graduating school, when I'm looking for a job, the interviewers check my ability in grades, licenses, TOEIC score...
So we should try to think about it from the younger sister's point of view.
The younger one, Bess, has to depend on her elder sister,
I'm chatting with my friends on messenger to plan our Christmas party.
I explained the problem to the clerk at the bank and who sounded very kind.
why didn't you hang up? ``
I highly recommend that if you have any iPod.
Japanese are not as careful as Koeans about it.
I used a lot of expressions which I learnt today in my entry.
I decided to practice English by reading magazines ~
And I spent about $ 100 on magazines, so I really want to know how to use these words:
If I have a opportunity I would like to use the slang words from now.
I would say to my friends ``Hey what's up, dog?
If you have cool a hat ``That's hella cool`` If I get angry at my friends ``Hey stop trippin, dogs`` What would I gonna be if I use those words for strangers?
I wake up in cold sweat.
Well, anyway, I'm still waiting for my cell phone to ring.
I went to a trick art museum today.
Some projects are implemented in big city, such as Tokyo and Osaka, but others are in small and poor villages.
hope I'll be okay tomorrow morning.
Each character in it has their own features, especially Jeeves.
I bought some groceries.
Are the following sentences correct?
Hi, my name is Javier, I want to learn English and make many friends, if I can help someone to learn Spanish, I'll be glad to correct him/ her:)
The fried vegetables were good too.
I told them that I have a lot of small things and I often forget where they are, so I can this basket to organise my things.
I'm studying English:-)
And I can help you studying Japanese:-)
many people visit there.
Many foreigners who were missionaries and business people used to live there.
so there are many churches.
I saw the first church of karuizawa.
One good thing is that I made my mind to try to speak to foreigners at the birthday party next month.
Today I talked to my freind who went to same university.
I talked him our lives and girlfreinds and jobs.
But I prayed for a wish to be peace in disaster area in Japan and all over the world.
First: after lunch
I ate lunch.
The Japanese Royal family has over 1000 years history and there are so many traditional rules.
So she had struggled about traditional rules and the pressure to have son.
she finally got mental disease.
She has an only daughter but she is loved by her husband.
Actually, as I wrote long ago in an entry, I seldom look at those ranking pages. If I had time to read the page, I would rather use the time to correct my friends 'entries more.
I want the webmaster to delete those pages, because the pages are not so useful for me.
I'm just a 19-year-old college student, and I don't think my native language is better than many other members from Japan here.
They are probably thinking it will take a long time to feel relieved, this means they will grieve for a long time.
At the beginning, I think they are qualified to comfort those who are now grieving.
I will go to KYUSYU for a business trip tomorrow.
I work in a hospital.
Our relationship has continued for more than 3 years after we left the university and when we both got jobs, our destinies were separated unfortunately.
These days, I watch Desperate Housewives.
I'm tired due to shopping and going home with very heavy baggageeveryday.
I'm afraid of making friends and studying etc...
Japanese, especially thebaby-boom generation, believe all ofwhat commentaters say on TV.
Schedule for tomorrow
Especially the big problem is dismissal of temporary staff or part-timers.
Went to a classical concert
and Kamio Mayuko played as a soloist with the Budapest Festival Orchestra.
I have listened to her performances by CD and TV until now.
What do you usually do while you're on the train?
Additionally, I am paid 1800 Yen a hour.
Nice to meet you. Would you mind correcting my profile?
My English Language (Grammar, Speaking, Reading, Writing) isn't very good.
Next saturday will be my friend's wedding.
Recently, I learned the role of social worker.
I think the social workers are an important part of the community.
But, we don't appreciate the importance of social workers in Japan.
My life in Jakarta!!
I am enjoying myself so bad. It is different from my previous impression, meeting new people people, eating food, sight seeing and stuffs.
As you know, Indonesia is still developing itself as a country and I feel enthusiast every day by seeing people on the street and huge traffic jam.
Everyone asked what my name was, where I was from, and how long I had been here for.
One thing happened that happened surprised me.
There are many hills in the city, that's why I can always breathe fresh air when I go hiking.
Most of the members came from European countries such as Germany, Italy or Romania and they speak really well.
Do you think that writing posts on this page is the only option/ possibility?
I hope I can enter my ideal college and get an ideal job, and take responsibility.
I thought, ``I will also come``.
after military training, my mother told me that she wants to buy a house for me.
Good morning everyone.
Here is the email that I would like you to correct.
I think that he is cool, but to tell you the truth I think that he is coquettish.
I like yakiniku very much.
She was a traveller.
Perhaps that is because a large amount of students are studying in universities far from their homes, so parents use them as a way to give them money while they cannot make money themselves.
I think that a credit card has become a necessity in daily life even for students.
Thirdly, using a credit card to pay tuitions is also very convenient.
On twitter, I heard my friend bought a peach from Fukushima because it looked very tasty and was very cheap.
The first exam, called 'the Center exam' is held on January 15th.
Fireworks in Darling Harbour
I went to Darling Harbour in Sydney with my friends from Korea and Japan.
It's terrible.
I had to return it by the next day...
I tried to buy some shirts, but I did not have much money, so I walked around looking in department stores.
Please imagine that if your eyes were bigger than your stomach at dinner. You would find a pile of leftovers in front of you.
We hardly heard of the Asian black bears coming to residential areas after we started to stay there.
Knowing how to use body language effectively is very important for me, because I think one's first impression on another person [can help me to strive my dream job in the future]?
This was the first time that I used an Internet shopping service.
I am very sorry that I have no time to correct the diary.
Because I chose this work, maybe it is the fate that l should do.
Spring Festival will come, it is the most busy time in our company. I cannot go back to my hometown to get together with my family and friends.
Why it is the pigeon?
A smile for you.
My shop is salad shop, and my lunch is always salad.
I ate the salad fast, and after I opened the hamburger's bag...
I enjoy the time when I study microbiology.
San Francisco is very exciting city and I'm enjoying some activities here.
I'm lucky to experience this rare event.
Outside is still dark, because it is 4a. m.
Because yesterday I went to bed so early and this is spontaneous: Dhahaha
He did not know whether the post office was nearby.
It's hard to explain why I like rainy days.
I believe that TV has reduced communication among famillies.
Different clothes sometimes influence how people behave.
but I like cherry blossoms in Japan.
unfortunately my alergic can be caused by a cherry blossoms x (
Today, I attended my first seminar by Randstad.
I decided to restart my English and Russian study.
Your attention will be appreciated!
My group picked up ``at fast food shop``, because one of my group member is working at KFC:) The situation we came up was a couple making out come to KFC and KFC staff complains about it, but then the couple fight about silly things and break up.
I have worked in a government-owned company for several years, my post and salary are OK.
I'm always eating tomatoes because it is healthy for me.
A charity match for Tohoku victims is being held in Osaka today.
I met pickpockets in Spain today.:((
The pickpockets had gone away, but I still felt scared.
The cost would be compared/ comparable
I thought they were almost the same.
Despite resistance/ resisting
I learned the grammar (preposition + ~ ing)
My eldest daughter had a sports day last Saturday at her junior highscool.
I'm a Russian but actually I live now in Moldova (it is at the border of Ukraine)
Life is short, while art is long.
Apple fans must be buying their products again and again like me.
There were some stands and I bought a crepe and a pack of fried noodles with sauce.
(actually nowadays the depressed economy in Korea is causing a decline in the price of houses (?).
However becauseprices were skyrocketing in recent years, the actual price is still quite high.)
Then I woke up my second daughter.
She looked outside and she said ``Snow ~ Snow`` such a very happy smile.
Hello!
Lately, I have been eating boiled brown rice because it is healthy.
Recently, I've been really absorbed by glee, a drama made in the U.
is very delightful!!
Of course, high school life in Japan is also very, very fun!
I never thought it would be so inconvenient changing majors.
So today my cousin came over to my college to help me.
China Business Trip
I'm a begginer. I'm studying English.
So, I entered university again and major in English.
There are still aftershocks several times a day.
The Japanese chief cabinet secretary said, ``There is little radioactive leak by the explosion.
Until I become a university student, I have to study English because I may be not able to keep up lessons.
I'm Going to the office now.
Please assist me.
When I was a junior high school student my teacher taught me that there are many differences between Japan and America.
Now, it's time for everyone to clean up your place thoroughly in preparation for welcoming New Year.
America president changed toObama, in Japan the Democratic party has had powerfor 50years.
Last prime minister Aso can `t read Chinese Characters!
For example, they marry, have children, get a house or lose money.
I was sent to rescue a man whose neck was nearly broken He was bleeding steadily.
I was very tense at that time. I said to myself in the dream, ``I am the only man who can rescue this life; I must do my best, and do it as fast as I can.``
Golf exercise
I exercised last weekend near my apartment.
I hope to become a golf player in the future.
I am going to learn how to use photoshop.
I will spend my time today looking around for a photoshop feature that I can learn to use well quickly.
Then, he showed me his left arm which had a tattoo!
Although I quitted piano, I'm making extra special efforts to be a flight attendant in the future.
I'm looking forward to your reply, and also please tell me about your daily life;D
I came back to my hometown on my vacation.
Actually, I'm worried about my English...
When I was skating, I had fallen down...!!!
These days we can buy many pre-prepared foods at grocery stores.
Question in English
So, if you are interested in it, please chat with me.
A waiting for your reply.
Welcome to our club
Welcome to our basketball club.
We believe you will join a wonderful club.
A strong person will become stronger.
Whatever your answer is, it'll be a fulfiling experience.
5 days ago on August 2nd, I left Japan to study abroad.
I also have problems with tenses and grammar structures.
It dissapears in an instant, if I try to swat it.
I heard from my colleague yesterday that tomorrow is Teacher's day in vietnam.
I practiced a vietnam song that young people like.
After I sang the song, I gained strength and confidence because many people complimented me.
``you sang very well``, ``good job``.
And I succeeded.
Did you watch the tsunami videos?
Everybody just thought that was a pretty strong earthquake so it would probably cause a bit bigger tsunami than usual.
I would like to take the end of the company graciously, and veer my attention to another future.
The Toughness of the Characters (no I).
And one of the greyhound staffs told me we might had to wait more.
Yesterday I went to the seminar at roppongi.
I could have had the chance to speak with an American and I tell him my thoughts.
As Paul the octopus predicted, is Spain going to win the victory?
After reading this article I felt inclined to go there.
If you check with them I would be very pleased and appreciate it.
Some birds were singing, the sunshine was warm, the breeze was stroking me kindly.
So ``Sesami Street`` means a small seed street or something like that?
I was recommended by a friend of mine to register and become a member here so that somebody can correct my English mistakes.
The author says when speaking you should know some rules which are common among English speakers.
For example, it says you should use some words without pausing, and that you should know whether an exspression is formal or casual depending on the situation.
We had a Christmas party that was held on Dec 24, and we reserved a cafe that my friend managed.
Have a good night!
ARASHI, a Japanese idol group, seems to be very famous in Korea and Taiwan.
Have you read the book called something like ``To Find a Happy Bluebird`` (I don't know the correct title for sure.) Are you looking for a happy bluebird even though the bird is right near to you? ``I think success is near to me.
I have been playing it for 13 years.
Beautiful Town
Me and my parents have a worship sevice everyday on these days.
Our church minister, Mr. Kim runs the Beautiful Town with his wife and teachers.
I tried to have a job at there but gave up in a day because of anxiety disorder.
I feel sorry sometimes when I hear their parents does not get in touch with their children.
Question: What chapter and verse include this words?
Autumn [Spelling] is starting!
You know I have wasted too much time in past year.
Currently the global economic crisis is having a great effect on my company; it seems like everyone will face the danger of being fired.
In fact our company had reduced more than half the number of employees from last year, but our business has still not been showing a tendency of improvement:(
Now you can perhaps imagine my mood recently; I am dying for leaving your present company but I feel it is not the best time.
I would like to change my cellphone model.
The LG Optimus-Q has a good design and useful ``qwerty`` keypad.
The buses in Thailand don't stop completely when the passengers get on and off.
Luckily, the bus was moving at walking pace and the injury was minor.
It's not appropriate to say this, but I thought I might be lucky that my damage was not as bad as his...
I decided to try blogging here.
In fact I'm not a blogger and usually I only read some programmers 'blogs.
I clearly remember that I was a high school student when I took an airplane for the first time.
I miss her warm company from last winter very much.
Android phones are on display at the cell phone store in my neighborhood.
Because the school has not only students born in Japan, but students from Brazil.
I heard that most guests who are going there like me are real teachers.
Then the country image will downgrade by that shot for why they didn't solve the problem in peace.
Today, I will write about a question I have about English
I'm not good at English.
English is difficult.
It was difficult for me because of the difficulties in German pronunciation.
Today's dinner menu is sweet-and-sour pork, boiling hijiki and soybean, mizuna and chicken salad.
Almost forgot to return Rental DVDs
Yesterday evening I walked around in Ikebukuro with my friends to do some shopping and to see the new IPAD which was finally released in Japan on March 27th.
Suddenly, I remembered that I rented DVDs at GEO last saturday.
In the future, I wanna work in a foreign-affiliated company.
We can learn from them, know their culture, and also can travel there.
I can't install Chinese on the PC I usually use, so I decided to use my second PC.
It's too slow to handle software and the internet.
To be honest, I am not in the habit of keeping a diary.
Even though I look up each unfamiliar word, some sentences do not make sense to me anyways.
It is totally different from speaking because it requires me to have a lot of vocabulary to express what I feel clearly.
It is a usually an event that my relatives have every year in this season.
I often do foot massages when I sit down on the chair.
I was reading a Japanese comic yesterday.
When they grow up maybe they will regret what they did when they were young but it is too late by then, it isn't.
On the Saturday morning I vacuumed the rooms.
So I was taking short breaks
the pasta I had eaten at the restaurant last time.
Now, every members is cooperating with each other towards the exhibition.
Korea Trip 1
I'm student studying science and technology, today (in class) I made biodiesel from fish-oil.
In addition, I went to Ginkakuji, Kinkakuji, Kiyomizu temple and so on.
Then, I had delicious dinner near Kamo River:)
The delicious dinner was made of tofu.
Last week I went to Olympic Park, which is in my neighborhood.
There were many kinds of fragrant roses.
Why did I lose my earrings?
Soy sauce
I bought a little bottle to keep ``Shoyu`` = soy sauce and ate pasta in a
In japan, it is really hard for parents to have their children go to nurseries.
First of all, there is a condition to do with annual income.
The more money they earn, the more difficult it is to get permission to enroll their children in a nursery.
We are scored A ~ D financially and according to our working situations by the administration.
A is the most advantageous rating
Fortunately, my daughter goes to a nursery.
But, I hope all children can go to a nursery, which will help parents who are working very hard everyday for their families.
If you want to travel both, my apartment will be convenient for you.
There are no beds in my apartment but there are futons like matresses of cotton.
You don't have to prepare your blankets. (In the winter, it may be cold...)
Near my apartment, there is a lot of nature.
(Maximum 2 nights) Please come to my apartment before 7pm.
I want to improve my English, and most importantly, make friends.
To tell the truth, the English lesson is not easy to learn.
I became bashful a little bit because of the situation that I use Japanese, but I'm in Australia.
I have to go back to Japan in the middle of April because I will attend my sister's wedding party.
So my parents were very diligent at that time.
Compared to my mother, he can be recognized as a sinner.
And I'm proud of her!
His mother wants to go to the temples.
(Actually, I recommended [that] they go to Gyeongju, if they really want to experience temples in Korea.)
I played golf with my father, mother, older brother and his wife at Otaru in Hakkaido, Japan this weekend.*
Lang-8 staff
I went to Okubo in Tokyo, to eat Yakiniku with my friends.
Okubo is Korean town.
So many good restaraunts are there.
I'm active again (or so I think, I always have long breaks).
Doraemon is very famous animated character from Japanese television.
Students have to decide course, apply for job or take a masteral course.
I can't decide.
My friends already decided their courses.
I must decide by this year.
It was very useful for memorizing words and phrases but I wasn't familiar with listening to my voice through the device.
Recently, I've became crazy about shopping, I have bought lots of clothes, but I want to have more and more. Am I a shopholic (shopaholic? I don't know, please tell me the correct answer, thanks), haha! So terrible!
Hot and humid weather will welcome me at Narita airport.
This is the challenge!
I started this blog today.
It is my big challenge!
There is Euro 2008 going on in Europe now, and I truly wanted to watch, but I couldn't without cable.
I decided to write my diary in English!
(Today is the first time I am writing my diary in English.)
I've decided to write my diary in English from now on!!
Also, Japanese elementary schools are going to start teaching English to fifth and sixth grade kids.
I think English grammar is so easy and logical that it is easy for non-native speakers to master it.
However, I hope to improve my writing soon. I need to get 5 in IELTS as soon as I can.
This octopus can kill a person who is bittenby it..
Of course, I know it's different depending on the person, but I just want you to tell me as advice.
There was the annual meeting today for a presentation on research and development in my company.
I went to Moscow and Saint Petersburg with my family.
My father bought me a camera, so I could take some snapshots.
The distinctive yellow circles on the lamp which hadn't being dusted in a long time.
We prepared ourselves for the worst, because youth hostel food isn't renowned for it's quality.
> <Everyone looked suspicious at the fish and chips.
I can't trust the company whose name is Tokyo denryoku.
In Lonsdale street there was the Greek Antipodes festival. In Federation Square there was live music.
On Saturday night I went out with my Italian friends.
It was very nice, I bought a very nice dress!
I have three younger brothers, soI had dinner with them, too.
I want to say, that I want to learn English that much.
So it was really hard to do it again because I felt hard my finger. By the way I can 'tplay this song because maybe It's really difficult because I don't know how to sing the song so when I play the song I don't know the timing.
I really like this song so I did nostudy English hard like my friend said so I am sorry.
What do I want? What is the thing I am good at?
Because my left knee got hurt in a traffic accident and got hit many times during basketball games,
The team prepared it.
I wish to memorize Qura 'an and remember all its words like I remember my name.
I wish to publish a lot of books and become a famous author.
I wish to speak English fluently without thinking.
To become that, I registered on this site.
Before I did that I was listening for many different Islamic nasheed by English speakers, like Yusef Islam and Dawud Wharnsby.
I really want to study more.
After the meeting, the other members and I went out to have lunch.
We went to an Italian restaurant and had a pasta lunch.
A woman said one day she had been very tired and she wanted to be alone for a while.
So she had said to her husband she had wanted him to go out and would hand over ten thousand yen.
I met a foreigner who is from Mexico.
I should go to the hospital before it gets worse.
I don't know how many people read my diary, but I welcome you who clicked my diary.
Today was a very important day.
They always interrupt me before I finish speaking.
So I felt refreshed a bit.
To practice English I start writing diary in this site.
I set a target to write diary once a week.
There is a new selection button called ``Match`` on the upper part of the page.
I can make myself comfortable here.
There were 5 other students in the class.
The first person who completes 2 lines accross will recieve candy.
We believe eating eel gives us vigor.
Dashboard is, in my knowledge, the part of a car just in front of the driver with various meters.
And when I've read that part fifty times, I got an idea.
The executive is a driver of the company!
You find people who speak English and communicate with them, when you make a mistake, they can help you correct it.
7/ 26 I went to TERKEY.
By the way, today I went to school to sprinkle water on the plants.
It was an exciting day today.
my relatives and I are safe.
My friend told me that she already knows the grades from all classes she took this semester.
About festival for children aged 35, and 7
Today, only girls who aged 3 and 7 participate the festival and only boys who are aged 5 participate the festival.
Many families get photos of their children taken at a professional photo studio.
As she said, there was a similar korean food with the same shape
I think one way we get them is from our experiences particularly from hardships, ordeals and harsh adversities.
In a sense, everyone experiences them and we might as well enjoy them.
About Yesterday
On the other hand, other people who come from European countries don't feel that speaking English is difficult.
I love tennis and I want to be (come) good and strong ^-^
I am a housewife.
The Reason I'm Studying English
There are many embassies of several countries near my hospital.
I'm looking forward to graduating.
My dog is 7 years old. She hardly barks and is housebroken.
Actually, I sometimes go to these shops to walk when it is raining, but I always feel a little bit embarrassed, and I feel like I have to buy something.
According to a report, the big reasons are climate change and the lack of habitat.
Our environment suffers more and more pollution from human destruction.
It can use many aspects of nature such as be made of natural products.
Our new term has begun, I feel excited ~ One of my friends who loves English songs often sings ``Everyday is wonderful!``.
Although I couldn't registered for a popular class when I had asked for any available seats of that class in the Registration Office, but I could make it by asking for the professor!
I have just returned from a business trip to Shanxi and Henan, this morrning.
In fact, this was my first business trip since joining my company.
TOEIC is a test that lets many Japanese know more about their own English ability.
Since then, I've been increasing my Skype contacts day by day.
It is Log cabin.
Moreover my nose was running and I can't stop sneezing.: <
Lately I have been working part-time at a Takyoyaki shop inside the kitchen of which the temperature is usually around 45 degrees, so I always feel like I'm going to die x_ X
When I am off work, I study Linguistics, specifically, Cognitive Linguistics.
But I have few oppotunities to speak English in everyday situations, so my speaking is gradually deteriorating... + ~ +
I bought snow boots yesterday.
This food is simple and consisted of noodle, soup, and some ingredients.
But it's very difficult to cook good soup.
Today, my father will come back from hospital. lf he comes, that's too bad, lf not he will get well, but the money won't get too much better..... er. er
First, l must get a job. Then I can fix the problem.
I begin this SNS now.
I found the bookshelf costs low.
I'd like taking pic and listenig to music.
And sometime I draw people and animal.
The problem is losing keys.
I know a lot of people who doesn't know were it is, maybe because it's a little island and isn't as important as Barcelona or Madrid, but Ibiza is such a beautiful place.
building mills, strongholds, and city buildings.
He can build an excellent defensive building (the great wall), develop a distinctive technology (computers), or get new colonies like Columbia.
My friend texted me saying she is in Nakameguro.
For example, if they prefer earning money by a part-time job as opposed to majoring in subjects that they have not ever majored in. I want to tell them ``you can earn money to earn a living even if you won't after you graduate from university``.
I'm eating more vegetables for food.
Photo album
It's the first week at work since the long national holidays.
We keep talking when OCC's proffeser was explainning.
I must practice my English listening
But I found my English listening is still very bad.
I did some English listening test by myself.
I think I must practice my English listening every day!
because it does not require physical strength (I am not particularly strong).
But the biggest reason is that I like to glance at many different kinds of people.
Is that bad reason?
and many salarymen and students come to buy breakfast or lunch.
For instance, people arrive at the same time and buy the same or similar foods.
which is why they don't remember being registered (?) (assisted?) by the same staff.
If you always go to a particular store, you might be observed by the staff!
My purpose for this year is to study English.
Today, I will go to the one of the biggest shopping malls in Tokyo, where I have lived for a long time.
Ever since I was young, I have behaved confidently when I have done everything.
The title is ``Successive Holidays``
I want to watch the volleyball games on TV. (I want to watch the volleyball games in a stadium in reality.)
finally I asked her.
This is a translation of a Japanese fairy tale.
On the day, he received a gift from them, it was a big kite!
All of a sudden, a strong wind blew and the kite took the pig way up into the sky.
The kite transported him to his grandparent's house.
These therapies are very interesting and innovating.
I'd love to get any information.
I found the teacher had a good way of teaching, which gave the children an interest in the violin.
* okara; kind of leftover when you make tofu, but it contains a lot of protein.
When I make a cake, I reduce fresh cream or cream cheese and use tofu instead, and also when I make a hamburger steak, I add tofu in mince.
I really don't like to prepare for the festival, but I like to participate in it:p
But I'm jealous that most of countries have halloween parties because we do not have that:(
And we went to the famous temple called ``Chuson-ji``.
I also have read his other books like, Have A Litthe Faith and For One More Day.
Today I wrote only this sentence.
But I couldn't because I was in Au.
I had to send the letter early.
When they receive my letter, they will be surprised and happy.
Surely we know a lot of grammar because we've studied it since we were junior high school students.
It's no wonder that Arabic people of lower level can listen better than us because they've been staying here for longer than us.
Even if I have a chance to meet the celebrties I'd prefer to meet economists or business people instead.
Tom grabbed an orange.
Bob hit Tom.
I have a diary in English.
I write for a Japanese soccer team, Sanfrecche Hiroshima.
The team is a J1 league team.
Ithink Sanfrecche will get the title this year.
I was not entirely concentrating on the wedding party because I often watched the photographer.
I have to finish some reports tonight.
Keep enjoying ((=
today's actresses don't have such atmosphere...
Global crisis, London Fashion week, lectures in the university, my friend's troubles.
Last, you clean your class room, corridor, stairway and washroom yourself.
This is my first entry written!
Anyway, my English level is really low.
But if someone wants me to say something in English, I really don't know how to say it.
Next to my company, there are many foreigners. I want to communicate with them, but I don't know how to begin.
Sometimes it is very boring because I don't like classical music.
Music is the most beautiful thing in our lives.
There are different surprises in our life everyday.
Maybe next time I can do something to train my muscles.
I'm Tak, 26, Japanese who loves to play basketball, watch movies and enjoys the beautiful ocean to swim, free diving and hunt fish.
Also I've been studying English since I had experience to study abroad in U.
After I came back to Japan, I continued to study English in a university.
So, I take pleasure in looking all around these language sites.
We eat it with soy soup (made from tuna) not OKONOMI sauce.
I just made the words `language question``, shorter to say ``L.
The wedding party lasted two and half hours.
We enjoyed some games and talked with friends.
9 years ago, I went to the United States as anexchange student.
After having said my first English sentence, all the students laughed at me. So, I lost my confidence in learning English.
Moreover, the English teacher who taught me for three years in senior high was a very annoying and lascivious man and that made me hate English too.
After graduating in 2008, I found a job in a joint venture, lucky.
It is about a cute girl who was murdered by her neighbor.
two years later, Susie's family, her father and young sister still cant give up finding the murderer, finally, her sister found the evidence to prove that the neighbor is the killer.
Well, I bought a new game called, '' DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY ''.
I have to be careful not to spend too much money.
I'm going to Roppongi tomorrow to meet some friends who can speak English.
He also obeys our commands, such as: sit, wait and shake hands.
Furthermore, every cigarette company should be banned for selling toxic materials!
According to the weather forecast, it seems that it'll snow tomorrow.
Being a caretaker is a great job.
A caretaker has to have a likable personality.
I thought she had potential as a caretaker because she has a good smile and a friendly atmosphere.
But, hearing her story, I found out that a caretaker should not only have a likable personality but also a strong heart and a flexible personality.
All buildings are of historical importance.
According to news and documentary programs, the huge amounts of greenhouse gases such as CO2, cause the change in global temperature.
It is said that trees absorb CO2.
Automatic translation is not accurate..?
Rumoi is small rural county.
If I have a private teacher it would cost 20 ~ 30 dollars an hour.
Today, I need to write a review of a famous Japanese writer
Therefore I always miss the first chance to reply to my messages here.
Sandra Bullock is always a nice actress that holds a special place in my heart!
Banks don't trust JAL's management and are refusing to lend additional funds.
The topic is marine living body molecule faculty chemistry.
Last year, 80% of the students who majored in marine science failed the test.
But I will study chemistry even more because on June 11th, I will have another chemistry test.
Seeing this score, I was very surprised that the writing score was the best and the listening score was the worst.
Reading and listening skills are the fundamental ones.
I'm writing this entry by laptop on the train.
I don't really know how to describe this feeling, but it starts when I think about what lies beyond our solar system and how tiny we are.
Only 5 days later New Year comes.
When she arrived at the hospital she looked scared but stayed.
It looked like she was almost crying but trying not to do so.
I will go to India this year.
. Hello.
There were beautiful ocean views and a cozy atmosphere in that video.
This Matsuri was small and different from Japan's one (of course;).
But now, I do not feel good. Because I find if I open the computer, I just play games, chat with friends and receive the E-mail. When I want to learn some things from the computer, the time has passed. Maybe two or three hours have passed, by that time I need to go to sleep. The plan to learn something about English is always delayed.
I like the scene when Marty plays the guitar at the party.
Bas ga ososugita (past form) kara, watashi wa shigoto ni okuremashita.
* PM Form + Yasui = easy doing verb
Watashi wa nihongo wo miruto sugu kandou shimasu.
(hmmmm how can I put the ``yasui`` in this sentence?)
Actually I'm still afraid of them though I have grown up now.
My dentist was a funny lady. She told me to just relax and not to be afraid of her.
I should (will) be more careful with my teeth's health from now.
I believe I can be a good student and a good teacher!
Certainly, people in South Korea are intelligent, but such competition may cause mental exhaustion.
I think then we can be more free, especially in Japan.
Owner of rental apartments!
For a long time, I thought being an owner of rental apartments is one of the easiest jobs.
Clerk ``Hi.``
Guest ``I am looking for a sandwich.
Clerk ``Yes, we do (have them).
Clerk ``(How about) This one?``
Clerk ``It's 3 dollars.``
Guest ``I will take 4 ounces of this ham, please.
Clerk ``Sure.``
One day, the same scene happened again. When the bus had just stopped, the conductor shouted to the people who were ready to rush into the bus, ``Don't rush!
The driver didn't notice the conductor wasn't in the bus until he found nobody reported the bus stop.
psychologist must be familiar with Biology, Russian and math.
Hello World
reception party
Today I went to a reception party at Tokyo modern museum.
happy new year
Nobody interrupts me...
I definitely agree with the thought that men and women have different
I didn't have an opportunity to listen to jamaican reggae music a long time ago.
Cats make me comfortable.
I asked about Merchants 'International Shipping rates to japan, and you said that
Please look at the merchant ``****``.
(link to the merchants 'Shipping rate)
I came home and I tried to connect it to my computer.
There is something about them I just can't understand.
My name is Jack, I'm from Syria (the eastern coast of the mediteranian).
I am so proud of myself because of my small diary in English
Recently, I am busy everyday.
And on Sunday, I was invited to my friend 's
I need rest and treatment from a chiropractor.
but I received a notification from a memorial park office a few days ago, which is located in Narashino where my mother's grave is.
An entry on Lang-8 after a long time.
On the other hand, phones, especially mobile phones, are playing an increasingly important part in our lives.
Tomorrow is the last full day for me here.
Is it a person who talks everything with you or just a person who often argues with you?
Is it something that can't be replaced or something that's not essential?
We don't feel embarrassed when we don't say anything, we just sit behind each other.
Personally, a friend is a person who make you feel at ease/ make you feel at home.
By the way, I'm going to the hot spring with my friend at the end of this month.
In Chinese, the word Dog is called ``gou`` which (the word) sounds like Goal.
Watashi no namae wa Zoli desu.
Hajime mashite, Yoroshku onegaishimasu.
However, he has to go to school with the neighbor students for a while.
I said 'she want to get me a suit.
Iwas very happy yesterday. I asked my roommate (she was sitting near me) took a picture which contains my cake and cookie (but this picture maked me look fat, ha).
I do not want to back to Taipei because it is the time near the final exam and my transfer exam.
And I found messages from somebody who is in another country and also studies languages.
After I clean, I'm going to go to sport shop to buy sportswear because I have a school excursion next Friday.
Of course, not only speed but the complexity of the content was a problem for me.
On the other hand, the English with dialect was OK, as I frequently communicated with such people including German, French, Thai and Taiwanese.
Nonetheless, I felt it was an honor to listen to some wonderful presentations and saw fruitful communication of distinguished scholars as a would-be scholar.
I have big dream-an American dream)) I want to learn English and go to my favorite city-New York!!! I want it now, now, now!!! I hope this site and U can help me!!! Thank for your attention)))
I remembered that I must buy white shoes.
I think that there are three keys to success.
Second, there are many bonus events.
Yet we cannot help but obsess about growing crops anyway.
This surgery lasts only 10 minutes, but is it safety??
By the way, today this video helped me to change the eye colour in Photoshop.
Usually, my mother puts a sweet potato in a microwave oven, but today I made a sweet potato baked with hot pebbles with thaw function of the microwave oven.
I want to improve it and hope someone can help me.
To achieve this, I am now required to achieve a certain score on the IELTs test.
I can study for reading and listening sessions by myself but it is very hard to practice speaking and writting essays.
So now I definitely know what I need to ask when I go to the school.
Compared with other classes, my class was really peaceful and hadgood team work.
I went to Osaka on business.
I am interested in American culture, life, and history.
In the future, I would like to use English for business, or communicate with people who live in other countries when I travel.
I love music!! My dream is to join an International Cooperation.
I wish only to enjoy life and to do something I like.
The movie is Alice In Wonderland.
I am goin to accompany my Mon to Japan or Cambodia and study TOEFL regularly and hard.
But she studied Japanease very hard. After one year, she could speak enough Japanease to travel to Japan alone.
At that time, I hadn't realized how short of a distance commuting was.
After she got off the subway, I came close to not getting off at my stop because of my very high spirits.
I know that she has a boyfriend.
So I feel confused and frustrated.
I'm a Phoenix though.
For/ On my birthday, seven friends of mine came to celebrate.
I received clothes as my birthday presents.
As title, in our Graduate School of Science, we have a team competition of tabletennis at the end of every year.
From the undergraduate student to the professor, every 3-or-4-person-team can enter and participate in this game.
The recycle material is used for variety purpose: for example plant pots and exterior materials like wood.
I will see many of my friends!
Though I had decided to write my entries everyday at first, I've been feeling the difficulty of continuity.
Hi, everyone! I'm a Chinese girl.
Could you be my friend?
During those days, I had no other wish except to pass the examination and get high grades.
Because I will turn into 18 on my birthday.
She will be three years old next month.
The temperature may be 28 degrees C or so.
I do not use air conditioning due to health reasons. Also, I want to limit emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
As I couldn't sleep, I cound n't help but use the air conditioner.
Finally, I was able to sleep well.
It is one of the most innovative methods I've found!
Almost every member is a student.
We were relaxing at this point.
I ate two pizza slices and something else.
I have taught English.
I am very nervous because I have never presented at a conference.
They are similar but different.
Everybody:)
So, I'm going to practice baseball with my college friends.
We ate ``zouni``, which is the traditional soup containing ``mochi`` (rice cake), vegetables and chicken.
After graduating from senior high school, I spent three-months as a holiday.
During this time, I forgot lots of English grammar and vocabulary.
So today, I brought the cat to a vet again.
Takao, which is called ``Takao-san`` in Japanese.
I went to the park for a stroll in the daytime. Butterflies were flying around the flowers.
In addition, I plan to take part in an international conference for Asian students, which will require me to speak in English more fluently and precisely.
The second goal is to study economics.
In the conference, I will discuss economics, with emphasis on matters concerning East Asian countries.
I want to break this habit.
A lot of things droped off, and I, people from work and customers panicked.
I was so terrified that I couldn't think about what to do.
My family was not attacked or hurt, so I got releived.
I'm nervous.
The match was the Carling Cup Final, ``Arsenal VS Barmingham``. It was an exciting game.
The teacher said ``Walk around in the water to rest.`` and then she said ``It's time to learn backstroke.`` She told us how to do backstroke.
And tomorrow is athletic game.
I think you want to contact the Hosan Industry Company that makes things for outdoor and rain (?), but I don't have their website or email address.
It's very interesting.
Christmas day is coming.
Curry was too spicy, but Cheese was most delicious to me.
I watched the Olympic games on TV, and I want to enjoy skiing with my friends...
In Japan, publication contracts between authors and publishers aren't documented cleary.
It is easy to control the royalty rate.
However, Murakami doesn't have to pay roalties to a publisher because he released his novel as an e-book.
For readers, it has many merits; book prices will drop, readers may be able to read books wherever they want and so on.
I heard that these two cities have numerous Japanese companies.
The real design
That is the typical traditional Japanese thought.
English people never remove foam from dishes after washing them. Is this true or false?
He answered that it is the stereotype like the illusion that most Japanese people wear glasses with big lens.
Currently, here in Brazil, there are many cases of UFO abduction, but the government still has no comment on the subject. Even so, there are many communities that do ufology studies by themselves.
I wonder if in the near future all information regarding UFOs will be declassified and the truth will come to light...
But I think I can handle this in the future!
I'll tell you about my favorite movie.
Because I love drums and marching.
Recently I understand CNN News (pod cast) which is an improvement from 1 year ago,
All of us complained about our speaking teacher because she's not a good teacher.
I like building by design master. Their construction can transmit great information and express their unique ideas, so I like this the best.
Japan should stop whaling
Secondly, whales are our friends and we live on the earth together.
Finally, each species has its reason to exist and the whale's activities makes the ocean clean. It is a kind of magical creature.
We left the Merlion Park and went to the Raffles Hotel.
It was too expensive for us, but we were interested in the hotel so we went to look around there.
The lobby was well cleaned and its cortile was so beautiful.
We were very satisfied with luxury there!
Fortunately, we have not been dissapointed.
But it is too bad that it is so dirty on the road.
the Lovegood's house is exactly like I imagined too!
I cried when dobby died ~ and when Hermione ``obliviated`` her parents.
I have a gift for playing music, but I have to learn another profession, which is my parents 'expectation.
Hopefully, there won't be any trouble during my trip!
English that Japanese high school students are studying is really grammatically difficult.
And the vocabulary is so, too.
I remembered almost all the English grammars, but still, it is sometimes difficult to tell where S ends and where V is.
But this word is actually difficult and it is weird if I use the word when I talk with friends or children, right??
I thought it was too big for my computer, so I canceled the download.
because I wanted to be Network Engineer.
But now I'm not so sure about that, and that's why I want to practice, to see if I can really speak English.
I thought that I should take care of my health because it is so weak.
However, our town has not campaigned to build windmills.
There are some differences in opinion as to whether the view with windmills is acceptable or not.
While I was looking for the place, I tried to call my friends, but ``they`` didn't answer.
I stayed up there until next morning.
I want to discuss a lot about grammar relating to our feeling, and also our mind with analytical way.
This is a heroic town, because it is survived the Great Patriotic War.
Sometimes, I work, and now I water the flowers around my school)) I have a younger brother, he is 8 years old, and he studies in my school.
There are, however, many things we have to do to protect and develop their understanding of human rights.
Spanking is needed sometimes, especially when children are too young to hold decent conversations.
I was also studying English in my dream!!
I believe that time solves everything!
Sometimes I had to choose between them.
So I'm afraid you can't see the upper rainbow so clearly
We enjoy watching programs on it!
(Of course, I want to study English.)
I am so happy today, because my company got this big case this morning. It's big news for all of the staff in our company, because it means we have things to do and that there is no need to afraid we will be laid off, or take unpaid leave. ^ ^, Recently the global economy is so bad thatmany people got fired, so it's very helpful to have a big project in our company, ha ha ha ha
Since it's raining, I can't go out and play,
Recently, I fool around anywhere and surf over the Internet all day.
My mobile phone is possibly broken.
I'm really worrying about this problem.
I want to speak and write English well, so I have begun keeping a diary.
It was slippery and dangerous.
New vocabulary practice Mar 19th, 2009
Please help me to correct my English.
I met my sister at the restaurant.
I still remember I went to this school alone with a big luggage three years ago.
I will always cherish the experiences I had at SCNU.
So, I went to research the market in Italy.
quite religious.
I am determined to learn English, but my English skills are not very good.
This surely includes me.
It might be because Japanese does not have similar words.
I experienced various things that were good and bad.
make my mind to go abroad to study, help with some company work...
At Sydney, there are ten campuses such as Caperdown, Cumberland, Mallet Street, and so forth.
When I wrote the tile and the first sentence of this diary, I wondered if ``Families' New Year's Party ``was more suitable.
However, if we lose air we are unlikely to survive.
In present day, air pollution get worse and worse, Industries at will exhale the waste gases, more and more people drive to work and like smoking.
we should find a method to solve this problem.
Before exhale the waste gas, industries must install waste gas purification apparatus.
As promoted by the development of modern science and technology, television programs today attract a vaster group of audiences with tremendously enriched conten and a 24-hour rolling schedule than ever before.
The fact that television seems to control our choice of leisure and entertainment has recently brought a problem to focus on: whether has television destroyed communication among friends and family?
Beside, in my own family, my parents and I enjoy the time when we are sitting together and watching tele-films.
I do not deny that there may be some cases that people are so addicted to television or some other habits that he/ she will probably ignore communication with friends and family.
Rumor has it that Seth Rogen didn't read off the same sheet of music as Hong Kong's famous actor Stephen Chow for the flick ``The Green Hornet``, which will hit the big screen in early 2011, thus Taiwan's hottest singer ``Jay chou`` substituted for Stephen Chow, as the lead male's assistant ``Kato`` that used to be played by martial arts master Bruce Lee.
I have never eaten a sandwich there and wanted to eat one.
So they came to my house and celebrated the new year.
Every year we watch Ekiden where college students run a long distance and pass a baton (taski).
my cousin's children came to my home for the first time.
I enjoyed the new year holiday enough.
Is it true or false that cellphones influence the functioning of pacemakers?
So I hope somebody can help me correct my grammar!
Third, the author described that the ultra marathon race took place in a mountainous area in Mexico, where American top ultra marathon runners and Tarahumara runners competed against each other.
In 1996, the writer died because of liver failure.
I have begun writing a diary in English using this web site. I also try to correct diaries written in Japanese.
I will need your help in the future.
My companys holiday lasts from the second to the sixth of May.
But if I thought, my holiday could not become long.
I wanted to a cold drink.
4 customers were there.
That's because we are taught grammar, not conversation.
I know grammar is very important when learning a foreign language, but I think we need more practice speaking.
I have a friend in Oregon.
We visited many places when she was in Japan.
It is afternoon in Thailand and I feel really hungry, I will find something to eat..
Since my daughter is still a baby, I can `t do anything I like if she is awake.
because my friend told me that reading books helps your spellings and reading skills.
So they often sprinkle water on the coal in stockyard.
It looks like not only me, but also other people all around the world are interested in the Android phone.
I often use subjects of sentences repeatedly.
I could see piled stones, vertical cliffs and rough sea.
While I hadn't booked any hotels or other accommodations, it was not too difficult to find vacancies there.
So, I was thinking that I could easily find a room available on this small island, too.
I therefore decided to ask him what I should do.
After school my friend consoled me.
I watch movies and read English books, but my main problem is with speaking, writing and using grammar correctly.
(I've studied grammar but I don't know how to use it when I speak.)
Today is rainy in Kyoto, Japan.
My favorite music is Perfume and Lady Gaga. I can't wait until the Gaga's new album is released! Perfume is made up of 3 Japanese girls.
Some people say ``If you want to live in Japan, you should apply for citizenship.
Of course, I love Japan more than Korea.
I came to Toronto in February of 2009. I wentto English school and got a job. It was great experience for me.
Can I get the target I planned at the beginning of this year.
I want to go to Japan after 2 years.
I want to know more about life in Japan.
I hope someone can tell me if a student studying abroad can find a job and support himself in Japan?
Anyway, I cannot write in Hiragana today like magic.
today is wrok takes a rest.
it was possible to run 10Km today.
Many questions have not been solved....
I've noticed that the reason for my lacking English ability is my small vocabulary.
And the avant-title of ``A Channel the Animation`` shows the names of creators with a very cool style.
I'm trying to study grammar from the beginning now.
These are quite expensive here in NZ.
I usually can't afford to buy these things.
It also reminds me of Gaza and our situations these days.
I believe you can do it, too.
Fist, you can remember some set phrases and sentence structures.
Then try to form them into a new, complete sentence.
I stayed my friend's house and I come back to my room next day.
I spent the whole day at home today.
While travering, I ate various food in each town.
Next month, I will make and launch a model rocket.
My grandmother lives in Fukushima.
Fukushima has nuclear power plant which has been issued.
We had special dinner with our grandparents and cousins.
I belong to the basketball team.
Today practice was so interesting.
I just wake up 7 AM, and take half an hour for shower and breakfast.
But there is especially nothing to do
in winter.
My boss, who has good sense of humor, is nice guy and allows me to study something when I don't have any work to do.
I love soccer so I watch soccer games, not only Japan's but other countries as well.
At the beginning of the year, there were many goals that I set up with hope but now, I guess, there were few things that happened.
It means ``the goddess of liberty.``
Recently, a close friend of mine hesitated to apply for the receptionist job.
She stayed at home all day to prepare everything for her husband.
Absolutely not!
We sometimes must endure their unreasonable requirements.
Even though I come from a non-wealthy family, I never look down at my family and myself.
good morning everybody!
I woke up, and then I had a breakfast of steamed bun, a banana and milk.
I keep writing on my diary recently.
it's because I don't have an opportunity to speak english.
it sounds a litte strange but I don't think so
how boring! because we don't meet everyday
Although I've learnt so much, I still don't have enough confidence to face my future.
It is an outdated thought to discriminate against bi-racials in the age of globalization.
but it is raining in Japan....
menu: vinegared rice topped with fish, melon, noodles and green soybeans.
Tomorrow I'll participate in a water melon festival.
Although I am not gay, I don't think people should kill someone just because they don't like them.
My friend who went to Canada says crows there are very small, like sparrows!!
Japanese crows eat garbage and grow fat. ``
I went to an English seminar last Saturday near Tokyo station.
But that seminar was good opportunity for me, due to meeting people who are highly motivated and achieve higher levels than me.
I will have a TOEIC TEST in November.
Ran to the public bath
Because I don't know much vocabulary and can't speak well.
For today's dinner, mushroom was served.
Well, that's okay because I ate delicious tacos and pizza after that.
My gentle host mother allowed me to pay tomorrow.
I'm interest in playing and listening to classical guitar, riding bicycle, traveling abroad and playing Star craft etc.
Please enjoy my posts and give me advice about my posts with type-o, grammar and vocabulary etc.
I have a girlfriend.
She told me to let our relationship return as it was before when we were friends.
Shortly after I went back home to put the souvenirs in my room, I left my home for a Japanese restaurant.
I've got to appreciate that.
I think that Koreans like to go to the brand name coffee stores especially when they want to meet friends or want to read a book, study, etc.
Firstly, Koreans have a tendency to look for brand name products when they buy something.
The boys had breakfast.
I want to take a rest after class but my family said, ``you are a high school student, so you should
But many people think speaking and writing English well is somewhat of a privilege.
So I went to the second floor.
I didn't understand why he couldn't see me, because he saw the first floor where I waved from.
At the moment, all my classmates are typing their essays on the Internet.
Indeed, it was as hot as crazy,
Insteadly I swam 1km.
I think this is a hard problem because owners might say: ``It is right to build my house on my land`` and need to immediately be solved by the government.
Speeches, chatting, twittering.
There were some core developers of CakePHP and they made speeches.
I was there a few years ago and that ramen was very delicious.
One feature of this ramen is that it is rich.
I registered at Lang-8 Today.
I think Lang-8 is a great SNS because it has the express purpose of studying English.
Today, I'm in a bad mood because of my college entrance examination, I didn't perform well, especially inMath.
But now I still can't commend cinemas with English.
If so, I'm curious to know what they are doing.
I want be always surrounded by people who enjoy talking with me.
Worrying about security, I set a password for the file.
Autumn season is the best season to exercise for us in Japan.
Why don't other countries clean their ears?
The news reporter said ``Almost all the world's people don't clean their ears.``
There are ea cleaners services in Japan.
We sometimes clean our ears.
Cleaning ears is good feeling.
How does it become if you don't clean (your) ears?
The traditional earpick of Japan hasa top of cotton or Daruma.
My birthday is at the end of December.
I make it a rule to go to university by foot.
I must pay my university fee without my parent's help.
I pay my university fee out of my own pocket.
I got up at 8: 00 and had breakfast,
The city is very popular with people having fun, especially surfers.
Kanji is Chinese, some are the same but others are different.
Recently, I have been worried about my future.
I found that I nearly have no free time for myself, but I will still try my best/ hardest.
I printed out my diaries with your corrections.
Im reviewing my diaries and reading many people's corrections now!!!
I hope that I increase my vocabulary and learn how to express myself.
It tastes very good.
Though I have been learning English for many years, I find it's really challenging to improve my spoken English because of limited learning environment.
WHEN I LISTEN TO THEM MY COLLEAGUES SPEAK ENGLISH WELL.
EVERY DAY I GO TO WORK, TELLING MYSELF I SHOULD LEARN SPEAK ENGLISH.
My friend took me out the restaurant.
In the afternoon, I rode my electric bike to work.
It was 9 p. m. when I arrived at the central of Bergen.
Finally, I will always clean up our apartment.
On days like today people use electricity a lot, but due to the earthquake that occured on 3. 11, we are short of electricity.
The government told us not to use electricity carelessly, but they didn't announce any countermeasures against the shortage of electricity.
By the way I want to buya pair ofcrocs.
The station staff told me that I may have to wait about 3 hours, so I went to Xihu to kill the time. I was walking around the lake for nearly 2 hours and took more than 100 pictures, then I went back to station to catch the train, but the depressing result turned out that the train has been canceled.
What should I call this phenomenon?
For example, the word ``perfect`` is ``perfekt`` in German so I often make a mistake.
So I get used go to bed at three or four o 'clock in the morning.
When teaching Japanese, I need to explain so the other person can clearly understand the basic grammatical concepts.
I heard from my friends that there was a website in which we can get corrections from real native language speakers.
Is it a correct sentence.
We should work together and try to build our future!
know how many rich men can be available for their request!
I believe my life will change for the better and I will
I am a salesman in spite of having a problem with speaking.
If I were not a person that stutters, I would probably laugh at it, too.
I didn't even think that I would become a salesman.
I have met several people who have overcome their stuttering.
They said that being old and having experience counts, so I believe that I can get over it.
I'm okay with the dress but really don't know what in green can be added to the outfit: scarf, hairband, necklace or bracelet?
She is a student at an institute.
She likes chocolate very much.
I combined this into the previous sentence.
But I couldn't drink beer because I went by car.
One of the places I would like to visit is New York.
My plan is to open it near a university, because I want to cook delicious and inexpensive lunches, cake, coffee and tea for many students.
I want a lot of advice and messages about my dream!!!
Recently, we had Weight training.
We enjoyed grilled fish, Japanese radish salad, yakitori (chicken roasted on a spit), and ochazuke.
I didn't feel bad at first.
I have already reserved the bullet train's sheet which I'll ride on.
We should notice that school education starts too late, at which stage, the foundation of a child's personality has already developed.
basically I lost attention easily
man, that is freaking gross lol
It was a very hot day, but I had a very good time with my company.
It has been raining cats and dogs this week.
I chose two songs ``Somewhere in my Broken Heart`` by Billy Dean and ``Song from a Stormy Night`` by Secret Garden ``.
I found out this song by chance but it is perfect from the lyrics to rhythm.
And since I'm a person that's easily distracted, it's good for me to learn how to use my time more efficiently.
Observe the progress as you go and see whether you are staying on the task.
Most Japanese people are Buddhists, but they are not seriously religious.
I can't resist eating my favorite foods like cake, ice (cream?), and snacks.
I've come to realize that that is not healthy.
I should save some money and be careful not to eat junk food.
I will eat chicken and more delicious food.
Those are just opening words? because I just have been studing Chinese
I have totally no idea what to do now, but I'm going to find a way to help them one day.
I went to the graveyard with my family because it was Obon.
Checking my grandfather's Buddhist name is like preparing for my father or my mother's death.
Only a few minutes after my first diary here, the kind snowleopard helped correct my mistakes.
In onsen-hotel housewives can relax to their heart's content.
Because she cannot only escape from her daily house chores but doesn't have to do anything for her family.
So, their dream was go to onsen and relax!
The school keeps me very busy,
I was able to book a concert ticket that I applied for last month.
Correct function, Coment function and so on, is PCver.
the beautiful sky after a rainy day.
I love the sky, especially after a rainy day.
Some foreigners want to add strangers as friends
I don't want to connect just to collect friends.
After arrived at home I realised whose house it is.
Most of them are not good at Englsih and do not like studying English, [comma]
In the show, a man who lives in Mali sent a warm message to Japan.
Introduce my self
Telemarketer for the day.
This symposium is thought that the biggest one in the magnetic society.
Hmmm...
Before you achieve success, you may go through tough experiences.
I constantly receieve things that make me wonder what I should do to make them pay for it.
our food self sufficiency rate is really low, compared to other countries
Mnn no, actually my friend's mother gave me chocolate!
A few days ago, I (we) started twitter for appeal our issue.
140 letters at a time seems too short, but if you squeeze your brain, 140 letters can be good enough.
The problem is if I can continue to write or not.
I sowed some morning glory seeds, but only 3 of the sprouts came out.
These days I'm so weary because of lots of assignments.
Hello, I found this site by accident, and it is cool, I really think this site can help me a lot while I am trying to improve my English.
I think her travels are 5 times better than her novels.
But not anyone can travel to 3 countries during a 1 year period like her.
I am a lucky guy.:)
If my sentences don't make sense or are grammatically incorrect, then please correct them.
My favorite subject was Botany.
Recently, I've come home without work, so I have time to learn foreign languages by myself and train for Aikido.
That's why I really want to speak English.
Saying ``TheIPhone is necessary for you``, some of my friends bought it, in fact.
Also, it is good for the environment.
all teachers understand my speech
Also, my expression is same everyday
Nowadays, fast food restaurants are also beginning to provide a light meal like a salad or a lower calorie drink like a diet Coke.
I hope the sun will be shining when we arrive at the park.
so not only soloists but also groups can have an audition in season 3.
When I speak, I become confuse because English and Japanese have different word orderings...
Also my handwriting is not good...
I'm really upset, because I have 1 month before I leave.
I miss Taichung and my old friends.
I usually grind the favorite coffee beans and make some coffee.
My favorite coffee beans are deeper roasting, bitter-tasting.
(Sometimes when the coffee beans are sold at a bargain price, I make the decision to buy immediately.
The city was hit by a a strong earthquake, but Tokyo has stayed strong!
I did not know he was sit near my foot and playing in the computer.
He said to me ``what? What did I do?``.
I come from Taiwan.
They came from England, Canada and America.
But, fortunately, I'm better and now I am coming back.
I will plant them some bright day in the middle of November.
Of course it has cool music, a good cast, and an awesome script.
I want to study English.
1 cola is about 250 yen, a burger set from McDonalds is about 1200 yen...
will not be able to eat hamburgers for 1 year....
The second one is the Chinese Pavilion in the EXPO.
A lot of new similar idioms
The other day, I went to the Kyushu National Museum in Fukuoka, Japan, and I saw ``the national treasure Asura``.
There were many people, so I waited in line for a while.
The moment I saw the Asura statue, I felt ious mystified, because in spite of the many people/ the big audience, Asura was standing there quietly.
I know both the bride and the bridegroom, so I hope they'll have a truly happy new life together.
Then I had breakfast and did not know what to do next.
I arrived at InCheon International airport early.
I was so nervous,
However, my teacher is very strict to me, and she always tells me that the facial expression of my painted cherubs looks so weird that I have to repaint them.
I had never gone abroad before I went to Ireland.
I was only Japanese person in this stable.
And it's the first time as well that the original will be played without turning it into a simple one for beginners.
It's ``Gymnopedie`` composed by Eric Satie in France in 1888.
Cleck here.
I decided to buy it.
It let me study about Korean history such as how the North-South war started in 1950 and the annexation of the Korean pennisula by Japan beginning in 1910.
But I worked.....
I got some chocolate and a muffin because it is White day.
The one I had most success with was a rabbit.
I fed it from a little rabbit to a big one.
Alan Rickman played in this movie.
But I believe that if there are different forms existing, then there must be some reasons for them to exist and for natives to use the way especially about the usage of articles.
Although I have learned a lot in school, I can't turn all Chinese into English because I don't know the vocabulary.
I am worried about my English resume, because I'm afraid that my broken English would make the offices laugh over their head.
I received my telephone bill today.
I use that phone for internet access. It's not supposed to be used to call friends. It's just me that uses this number to call people sometimes.
The details of the bill said I called and used it for around 1. 30 hours or something like that. I did not use it like that. I just use it for 5 minutes to call my friends.
They can't check it right now but they said they will let me know later.
and I am very busy preparing for departure!
We were able to listen to the sound of the waves while we were soaking in the bathtub.
Some friends talk about their secret stories, usually related to love.
I don't know why, but I also feel like talking about that as I am soaking and relaxing in the bathtub.
But the important thing now is to organize a rescue operation.
In fact, my father and I just went to the store (on) the day before the murder.
I was really surprised because the horrible murder happened close to where I live.
I got a cash gift.
I'm so stressed that I can't concentrate on the presentation.
There are five people in my family. My mother's name is Wanpen, my father's name is Sonjonh. I have one sister. Her name is Tudsanaporn. I have one younger brother. His name is Lertchai.
I want to make friends when I travel to foreign countries:D
I wanted to buy 500g of chicken, but there wasn't such a volume, there was either kilograms or whole chicken carcasses!!
The shopping cart was very large too, so I couldn't help but buy more things than needed.
I love to listen to classical music on the internet Radio ``Classic FM (UK)``.
Sometimes I have listened to ``Out Of Africa (Screen music)`` on the radio.
If I have made any mistakes in these sentences, please correct them!!
Of course Macdonald's food is not capable to properly keep us healthy because they use lots of oil and it's hard to keep good balance of nutrition if we only eat from their menu.
if I stop, many things will change. I don't like my life at this moment. I can't relax myself. What I can do is make fun of the people who live around me.
Someday, I wanna watch those movies without English subtitles and speak English fluently like a native.
I love oily American food, but over-eating is bad for our health, so I need to exercise more self control!!!
Today is Mother's Day!!
The peanut butter includes pieces of peanuts and is a little salty.
Also, I like particularly bitter chocolate.
I Worry about it very much.
But I know I will get busier and busier.
Maybe I enjoy it, I'm also afraid of it.
One day goes by again, en (?) a little bit helpless, but also with some regret! ah!
It spread good smell in the bathroom.
I am watching a foreign drama.
It was popular in Japan awhile ago.
I have not watched all of season 1 yet.
I think I need more regular excercise. People have many excuse for not to exercise, mine is I am afraid of my skin getting darker.
Even though he said he won't develop a relationship with someone just passing through, I still fell into his warmness deeper and deeper day by day.
No matter how loud the clock rang, I had no reaction, so I skipped class this morning.:p But in facts I want to know if there's any way can make me miss him less, cause my friends always told me to forget a person it is impossible to be with.
I like the class so much, but it's pretty hard for me to follow up.
1-Watashi no ima wa ookikute hiiroi desu, sorekara ookina mado ga jitensha-doori ni menshite imasu.
3-Chairoi taku wa arimasu, desuga zenzen watashitachi wa tukatteimasen, nazenara itsumo okimono de ippai dakara desu.
Today there was a flamenco show in this restaurant.
I can always listen to the music of flamenco.
I like this music, but cannot dance flamenco.
It's especially comfortable to run in the morning.
I wore a beautiful dress and had a lot of make-up on.
Is my feelings strange??
So I asked a saleswoman if she had the novel 'The English Patient'.
# 2 is her diagnosis and cut her teeth.
# 3 is her medicine.
I can't fall asleep today, because a hurricane has come to Korea.
Hello my friends, I have missed writing in Lang-8.
It was the most Lovely Holiday of my Life.
The only thing I am worried about is that someone might hit me and try to steal my money because I have heard there are people who assaulted and stole money from people at ATMs in Japan.
Turnitin is a detector for bad academic practice or plagiarism.
Without having to include any references it would mean it's plagiarism.
If Turnitin warned you that you have plagiarized, you must rephrase the sentences in your own words or include references that you borrowed from other writer or creator's ideas, otherwise you will lose a lot of points and, to make matters worse, you will fail the course immediately.
I have been a public servant for 2 years.
I'm going to join in the English Communicate Forum tournament.
``it's time I've watered for your rose that makes your rose so important``
It is like a child's drawing, so I get embarrassed.
The firewood is fuel for the water heater.
Nowadays, fuel for water heaters is mostly gas or electricity.
I am feeling a little bit sad.
I went for a walk around my neighborhood and found that many things have changed.
Many interesting shops have been built and it is a pleasure to enjoy them.
I did not intend to address political or environmental issues.
For everyday since I had to care of my grandmother, who has
I remember when I enjoyed some seasonal festivals with neighbors, went to temples or shrines to be grateful, cook and eat traditional food to be eaten at the particular period.
I'd never heard of such customs before.
When I went to the little shop (on campus), it was crowded too.
One of the children is eight months old and the other two are one year old.
We have separated axactly one year ago.
I played Cod4 in an internet cafe with a Japanese girl, but we didn't talk much with her, because she was too depressed when she was playing the game.
Actually, at first I wanted to study Psychology as my major away from my hometown;
As a result, I followed one of my best friend to enter the university that I'm at studying now.
Besides Japanese, I'm also very interested in other cultures, like European and American culture.; p I hope I can make more friends from different countries, learn more about different cultures and make a difference in my life.; p
Because the bang has hang over my eyes.
If you use Twitter, let's become friends. Ha ha!
I am very happy!!!
It occured to me that we could have a useful and interesting time together.
But the weather forecast said it would snow by midnight.
But if the temperature is not so cold then there is a lot of rain or snow.
Snow makes transportation difficult.
I felt very good
and healthy.
I will take my holiday for Chinese Spring Festival from tomorrow till Feb. 102009.
So in this period I may not come here as frequently as I've been doing now due the inconvenience in accessing the net.
Today I had planed to read my book before I went to sleep but I am still spending a long time correcting my diary I think I will probably read it tomorrow morning.
Also it is much more difficult to talk to someone when I cannot see his/ her face.
Unfortunately, I have no chance to speak English in Japan.
I bought rolled fruits cake for him at Shinagawa station on the way home.
Dragon Quest joker that I bought one month ago.
If they play a game for thirty minutes in the morning they should go and play outside for one hour in the morning and the same in the afternoon.
These are really necessary clothes but they are also a little expensive for me.
Also, I love ``Veronica Mars`` ^ ^
We can inquire about the results.
You also have to believe in yourself.
This is because it should help me to improve my sense of rhythm. (I want to be a good singer!)
I feel like I am a good friend with this device.
If he is forgotten by everyone, he will receive a real death.
However, that is not real space flight, but that is the first step in bringing space tourism to our daily life.
many Korean students don't like to study for TOEIC,
The purpose of visiting Nikko was to talk with foreigners in English.
After lunch we walked around Toshogu Shrine, but we didn't catch/ meet any other foreigners.
Congrats!!
I'm no longer surprised when we have blackouts because I'm now prepared for them.
Now, I look at my game collection and I ask my self: how did I play all these games?
I am studying to prepare for the promotion test.
I'm having trouble with my annoying neighbor.
I'm at the university in Japan.
I don't believe that news!!
butI reallywant to communicate with a foreign student, especialy with achinese or japanese student.
I'm looking forward to making many friends here, so please contact me if you have any of those hobbies listed above.
I had a 5 minute nosebleed but it was nothing serious fortunately.
Students really wanted to watch that game.
We were really depressed and didn't concentrate.
Not being able to stand and see the unacceptable truth, we are planning to create a new club where students can stick together and share experiences in learning English.
To have a success in organizing an English club, the leaders need to have interesting activities to contribute and maintain it.
because I don't have enough English skill and vocabulary.
Because Baigou is ``The city of Bags`` in China.
After the meeting, we ordered a pizza and had a dinner together.
First Time?
So... here is a question from me, what should I do each weekend?
Today, I showed my mother how to make a decorative mail by mobile phone.
It is wholesome erotic, so it's safe for children.
The day before yesterday was Eurovision.
many thought that it was a failure.
I forgot to write X 'mas cards to some friends, so I wrote some in class.
or European countries because Nobita is so lazy.
Occasionally, we should go through trial and error to determine the best process.
I love to watch movies.
I go to the movies and rent DVDs oftenI also have movie channels on my TV, so I can watch movies almost every day.
I have a lot of favorite movies, and I want to recommend ``Beauty shop`` with Queen Latifah.
and ``Nobit`` (I'm not sure if the is correct) with Eddie Murphy.
(It's so difficult to spell people's name)
My favorite feature about the game is that you can go a battle against your enemies even if your are only level one!
Because I don't think I'm ready enough for my future.
And I think getting older means having many responsibilities.
Now, I really want my wife to be a Japanese cartoon worshiper.
As I had thought, she enthusiastically read it HAHA.
Probably because, in Singapore, Japanese comics are little more expensive than in Japan.
I have to get better, especially at long-distance Free style
My job is engineer in semiconductor.
I received a mail from my daughter in Bali, Indonesia.
I have always been interested in online learning and am looking forward to gaining more experience in this field.
I look forward to seeing my friend because we haven't met for a while!
I hope to improve my English because my grammar is bad and my vocabulary is so poor.
I hope someone will correct my English.
He remembered his father, mother, brother and sister.
His teacher liked him, not only is he a good student, but also he is only foreiger in the class.
Can you guess how many men are in Jam's family?
Yesterday morning, I didn't check a weather forecast.
writing skills, but also it will be a good chance to get various experiences with
I should have spoken clearly and made sure.
Of course, I watched ``Uglly Betty``.
I will probably watch ``Uglly Betty`` tomorrow too.
m and finished at 7 p. m. After that I had to go to the office for study session with my co-workers and my boss.
Is that right sentence?
Uuuuu I became sleepy, I think I should stop imagining stupid things.
I'm 12 years old, I want to make a lot of friends.
today I took a bubble bath, for the first time,
The female instructor is very nice.
The most popular one at the library in my town was ``Magical Cleaning: Clean your house with pounding heart.`` The waiting list for this book had more than thirty people on it, so I didn't enroll my name on the list.
I have to pass a State English exam so I'll be very grateful for your help and corrections!
There's a chance to meet a person who has a similar inner world like mine.
It was very delicious.
In our city, winter is often cold; strong frost, snow storms, and ice.
Autumn will bring joy to us, when nature comes alive and becomes warm and affectionate.
I sometimes felt sea sickness.
Yalta is a centre of tourism and entertainment-well-looked after parks and alleys, a wonderful beach, waterparks and many cafes. All of this attracts many tourists every summer.
Alupka has a beautiful botanical garden, which contains a collection of plants from all over the world.
1 To polish my shoes after coming home.
5 To raise my English skill from beginners level to intermediate
Mysterious man
They came by submarine and consisted of 11 people. They then finally succeeded through to the boundary of the Korean forces.
But all of them were killed by the Korean soldiers, and so he continued to find them while wounded on the mountain with his spirit!!
So I brought him to a pet shop in the evening.
According to the weather forecast, it will continue to rain until tomorrow.
Ahhhhhh-------------------!!!!
I'm studying English little by little each day.
Therefore, I was researching the market related to these products and customers.
I'm still continuing to research today.
Then, I play that melody with the new keyboard I purchased recently.
I'm writing an E-mail.
My mother and I hope she stays in Canada and takes ESL at university or college because it can be more easy to enter, save the money and University in Canada is not bad! r
Umm could you tell me two ways? (take some exam course and ESL class at university.
I heard her thinking that she want to do roomshare near downtown from 12/ 26 and it is better that room mate is Japanese because of safety.
Could you ask your friends?
Sorry, my English is really wrong, I appriciate your support.
Many Japanese prefer to use mixi rather than facebook, because they have resistance to being discovered by acquaintances (e.
I've had a funny evening with friends. We went to a big shopping centre, then went back to my home and had dinner together.
I am working in an ``Automobile Industry Corporation``.
The machine's name is a ``Gear Insert System``.
We have until tomorrow to finish any adjustments.
Hmmmm, what should I write about..
My Japanese friend Momo and I are in the same English class since this semester.
For example, she can understand what I say like ``sit down.``, ``get the doll.``, ``wanna eat?``, ``take money``, ``wanna have a snack?``, ``wanna take a walk?``, ``bring the line.`` and so on.
caught a cold?
I think I caught a cold.
So I should go to bed earlier today.
I am writing my diary for the first time.
Nowadays I study English for business.
My business is sales, and it imports products from the USA for sale in Japan.
I need to conduct sales meetings with foreigners several times in Japan.
And since I've used a lot of my time to read English, I am not good at speaking English.
So I want to get my speaking ability better by writing a diary.
I feel these 10 years have really flown by.
I rented a car.
I am worrying a lot about my future.
Although I may spend all day making this cake, I still want to do it.
On the third day, after I left the hotel, I drove my car to my home.
I was impressed by the size and the cultural diversity of America.
I got rock salt of the Hymarayan as a ladies 'gift.
Most Japanese students do not go to school on s ``a`` turday but I ``am`` this year.
The course instructer is not strict but gentle and polite; I thought in my mind that I could keep up with the course!
It is the start of ``a`` new week and study on c ``a`` mpus.
But it's difficult to do.
Now, I moved to another place, so I have to transfer to another school named Northview (read like ``No frills`` LOL).
A third dolphin apparently tried for two weeks to swim through the icy channel, but reportedly a teenage boy dove into the water, wrapped his arms around the dolphin, toddled it to the boat, and released it safely.
I called her back, wondering what happened.
Due to the child's mischief, I enjoyed a lovely conversation with my old friend.
These girls did not seem Japanese from any angle.
Anyway, I sighed with relief...
Last week, I sang and played the guitar in front of my friends.
I have been playing the guitar for two years, but I have never played it in front of so many peaple.
Recently I had a headache and a stomach ache.
Dealing with all that daily hassle.... (although that's what people are supposed to do everyday)
I went to bed from 4 p. m. to 8 p. m., so I'm not sleepy.
But they said ``Don't use lip balm outside of its intended purpose.``
I had a fantastic year. I passed the hair dresser national exam, I met wonderful friends, and I've had lots of experiences after coming to Vancouver.
Now I am learning two languages, the first language is English, the second is Serbian.
I have proposed many business plans and a business model, which I think was nice, but he only said that he takes them into consideration.
Now, I am studying programming and a system engineering.
A lot of people, not only Chinese but also other countries ', are used to downloading pirated movies or music from Chinese sites.
I went to the International party in which anyone can participate as long as they have already paid about 3000 yen each before the party.
I think people are can move from country to country more easily than in Japan because Japan is an island.
I have a question!
Two celebrities committed suicide recently.
on my important day
I hope to make friends with a lot of people on Lang-8.
It happened in the north east area of Japan when I was at home. I then turned on the TV and watched the News.
An earthquake is dreadful but a tsunami is much more dreadful, I thought while watching TV.
Amazing goal achieved
To achieve that, I need to take breaks efficiently.
MUSIC is one of my lifelines to survive in these stressful days.
Remember, you should listen with the higher quality HD mode.
according to the rankings of the most popular dogs in Japan,
I wanna speak English.
How can I speak English?
How many times has the prime minister changed in the last a decade?
I like to take pictures, and I want to become a designer:D
When I go to foreign countries sometimes, I want to speak English well!
Scientists think that the entrance to this cave collapsed and animals died from the lack of oxygen.
It was a really good dinner, but I'm so full now.
I aired out my 'zabuton' because it was fine.
To foreigners, Japanese women look kind, tender, and honest.
She wrote her feeling and apologised in it.
Today, I went to a Vietnamese restaurant with my friend after work.
I took part in English Speech Contest yesterday.
However, we haven't made reservations for a hotel, train or flight yet because I don't know whether I can get an annual paid holiday on 28th December.
However, I've gradually learnt/ learned what is needed and recently I've learnt/ learned how to enjoy the job.
Jeajungcan not only sing but also cook XD
This was a big ceremony on new year's eve.
My daughter was diagnosed with hand-foot-mouth disease.
I've heard this disease has been going around my friends 'kids.
I just came back from a trip to Shikoku.
It has beautiful and soft sands and little bit of waves (Probably, breeze made that waves.) It totally looked like seashore.
it couldn't compare to the joy that the real Aussie beach gave me.
Illuminations from each house were brilliant and conjured up a feeling of nostalgia for a fleeting moment.
(it takes you 7 years to become perfect in piano) I'll leave my home in two years and I have a choice: I can lose 2 years in music school to only learn basic skills or I cannot even start.
Her full name is Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll (Oh I can't remenber long names like this) and was born in Colombia.
I hope I can sing, listen, and enjoy English songs without subtitles.
: Do you know who this is? The lead singer of Guns 'N Roses, Axl Rose!
: Well now coming in, were you rooting for the Lakers or the Sixers?
; The Lakers are my favorite team but I'm a huge Iverson fan, so I'm rooting for the underdog because the Lakers are like a given, so it's like I went either way.
: Now, Axl, you sat out there, you experienced the Philadelphia fans...
: I know it's your first basketball game ever, and I know its pretty exciting, but when it's all said and done, the season will have been long enough.
: Axl, thanks for stopping by.
They have ``kushiage``, the spit fried stuff.
You can see how the cook prepares kushiage from your seat.
Such as meat, seafood, vegetables and even seasonal fruits!
If you order the ``omakase`` course (2500 or 3500 yen), they will serve kushiage one after another untill you say ``please stop``.
Since Demekin is a small place, it is better for you to make a reservation beforehand for dinner time.
Fortunatly everyone was on time!
We ate good food at a restaurant
We could see the nice ocean from the restaurant
The host will invite their relatives, friends or classmates whose closed relationship from each other sides.
In that day, our old friends or colleagues will travel a long way to join the wedding without complain.
The same people were basically found at two places: your relatives, friends or old classmates.
I'm so lucky that today is not Friday the 13th, because if it was, I could easily be a character of some horror film;)
I would appreciate it if you would correct this.
The article was interesting.
I think enantioselective synthesis is very important, especially as it affects medicine.
So I answer, ``I understand a little`` or ``I understand most of it``.
Last week, I bought his book titled ``The Last Lecture``.
Yesterday was November the first. Some people call this day the Bachelor Day.
I guess it seems that the figure ``1`` looks like a stick in people's minds so that many guys link it to a bachelor.
Furthermore, January 1 represents small Bachelar Day and November 11 means big Bachelor Day.
water-sensitive dye using onions, so this time,
Let me explain how to make it breifly.
I would like to do a research on one of the reports about a sports meeting featured in the Renmin newspaper, which is not easy because I have to read all of
Maybe the managers of these companies didn't understand the chinese market at all.
Time: 8 AM on a Weekday (if possible.)
However, some items haven't been configured yet.
I hope I can make more English speaking friends.
So there are a lot of idioms Japanese don't know.
Our house were really large and we lived with many families.
My job is a certificated public accountant?
This year the weather is especially bad.
Reading an English newspaper
Tomorow is my mother's birthday.
There was a small town in China and the civilians lived peaceful lives.
However, an earthquake hit this town and many buildings were collapsed.
Visitors from foreign countries also loves Baked Sweet Potato ``Yakiimo``?
had beer a little while ago.
A lot of foreign guests visited my company.
Tomorrow I have a date with my colleagues, we'll climb a mountain, I
the future, I will do it. It's very important to me.
Happy weekend!
Maybe my hair is a little longer than Nicole Richie's hair.
Japan is seen as a representative developed country, and everybody says that Japan is such a splendid country.
So we canceled the plan and then I cooked for the first time.
The answer is absolutely not.
Although I have studied English for 5 years, I can't write and speak English well.
But my english was not good enough, so we had trouble communicating.
I was tired because of the time difference, so I went to sleep at once.
How can the human heart be fulfilled?
I started thinking about such things, because I wondered how my heart could be fulfilled if I can't satisfy my desires or achieve what I want to achieve in life.
I'm interested in learning to abbreviate messages like people do on Twitter.
Another friend is coming here with a cake he made himself, and others will bring something delicious.
Everything is perfect.
my friend, whose birthday it is, will come here.
My main purpose was to study English.
I decided that when I leave Los Angeles, I will return or study hard.
2chan is the largest bulletin board site in Japan.
This scene must be shocking for many Bruce Lee fans.
when I was awake, goodness, the pain was decreasing and now I'm fine, heheheh thanks god (__)
There will be articles, prepositions, phrasal verbs, tenses etc.
I haven't made up my mind if I would go and see a doctor tomorrow.
Also, the Furigana are a big help since I'm so bad with Kanji.
Now I want to draw a simple high school love-comedy.
I'm hesitating.
When I rode my bicycle, I took my phone from my pocket,
But I'll try to keep writing journals regularly from now on.
My present circumstances are very hard [/ difficult].
Especially, poor people suffer the most.
Although we did not make money this year, I had a great time.
Good luck my friends.
When I was in 6th grade, suddenly I was out of friends.
My best friend said other freinds not to play wi
Since then I'm afraid of other people, especially their eyes and words.
To find good friends, I have to go outside.
But by writing my feelings I want to catch myself.
This summer vacation my family and I got together.
But as times go on, there arises some disagreements between my mum and I. I'm a college student on vacation and I want to study because I must take an exam in the later term.
The government takes these measures just in order to bring about some convenience.
In my opinion, opening the museum is better, we can learn about the advantages that the government providing.
Realizing the policy that is offered to people, knowing that country is always cares about civil life.
It will promote our country's development.
But, I saw a mechanical rubber ducky like RoboCop for the first time.
One is heading to Dash Village, which is artificially created for a TV project.
Near the end of it, the earthquake struck Japan.
Through the accident, I take pride in the consideration and cooperation of the Japanese people.
This site is a little different...
I was looking for a song, then I thought: why not pick something related to Sailor Moon?
Then, I thought back to those days when I was watching PSGM...
What happened to my computer?
because my English is terrible yet.
so we can make time to have fun in Vue and it's so enoyable watching movies.
I am so thankful.
fry chopped garlic and bacon with olive oil.
I enjoyed myself.
Last year, its value went up double or triple compared to the one at the beginning of the year.
Don't be surprised too much!
When I try to memorize them, I write them on paper and read them with speaking out.
I didn't do anything today and yesterday.
He said it is culture shock, moreover Japanese service quality is awesome and creative and enjoyable.
I hate ghost, heights, dark spaces [/ BLUE], sander, when someone hates others, wars, being hated by a person, dying.....
I was very surprised [at] the announcement.
I love the Scottish accent!
I've decided to study English everyday!
And at the end are the angels singing in chorus ``Hallelujah``.
Shengbing is the most famous societies in my college, I want to join them very much.
Recently, I watched a video blog posted on 'YouTube,' and the blogger said in the video: ``The best person that you possibly can be, is yourself.``
Have you already had the opportunity of meeting that girl whose pronunciation of Russian is very good?
There seems to be many international people here.
And I saw a video from youtube.
Menu items are named after certain magic and monsters, and the waiters talk like people in the game.
Whatever happens, I definitely do not have any excuse to lose heart.
Because they get married young.
By the way, today we celebrated the ``green festival`` which is traditional in my city.
Despite the young age, the groom looks really calm and polite.
We are supposed to play our song in the ceremony, which will be fun for us and the guests.
Please check this sentence.
I often travel abroad alone.
I have been to Vietnam, Cambodia, the UK, Spain, Turkey, the UAE and Greece alone.
When doing so, it is necessary for me to communicate with local people in foreign countries.
I try to buy my airplane tickets by myself.
It gives me a sense of achievement.
Introducing myself and thinking about a gift for my friend.
Please let me know if I have made any mistakes in my sentences.
The cow is an old friend of the old man, who has raised the cow since it was very young.
so I only learned grammar, reading, and writing, but not speaking.
Especially when I talk to native speakers, I feel a bit nervous because they sometimes reply, ``Pardon?`` or ``Say Again``, ``What was that?`` It really made me unconfident to speak.
It helps us improve the ability to relate or summarize something in ways that are easy to get.
Anyway, I have to say that learning anything is not a piece of cake but our passion for them will helps us be good at them easier and sooner!!!
I don't like only the European one but also the Japanese.
I wrote a report about ``Wagashi`` (Japanese traditional confectionery) at university.
Foods are perishable and it's easy for them to gather mold.
Today, it rained for a long time.
These days, shares of smartphones in Japan are increasingrapidly the same as other countries.
So, I do not want to delay making a daily diary,
and the ``Big Bang Theory`` soap opera is waiting for me!
Some friends told me they also have the same feeling as me, they said sometimes they would feel lonely, and when they want to call sb to have a chat, there is nobody to call..
Badly, I don't know why should I do about research topic.
this is my research topic.
And now, nobody doesn't know what Facebook is.
However, the fact is that we can never guarantee that those people will be with us throughout our life.
We keep learning to be independent, starting at a very early age, and are encouraged to create things by own hands.
By making different decisions or choosing different life directions, we depart from the same junction where we met, became acquainted, created lots of good and bad memories, and then began our own distinctive journeys.
There's nothing unchangeable in the world.
This sometimes leads to disappointment.
my and a reading room. Starting today, I will go to an English academy and reading room.
And I decided that I will write journal on Lang-8 as much as I can.
I study English because I'm interested in it.
his wife in a wheel,-> wheelchair
Today, I would like to write an essay about the Tokyo earthquake.
The train swung back and forth like a swing.
I didn't know what happened and I thought it was a breakdown.
When I heard of the earthquake, there were no trains moving.
It was more terrifying than the quake itself.
I heard that many children were helped by strangers that day.
I don't know which department I'll work for yet, but I feel like I'll be placed in men's clothing.
I hope I can improve my english by taking advantage of this site.
He meets her everyday.
My friends also like movies but their favorites are mainly Japanese or art-house films.
Now I am worried that I may feel that same way and delete this new blog,
And because I also want to promote my blog hehe (http:// room-501.
I am looking forward to experiencing life and culture and so on.
Good evening!
yesterday, I went to work.
This is my second day today.
I checked my daily entry, and it had many mistakes.
It seems like it is not professional at all.
I daydream about having a great job, and being a millionaire. But while fantasy is pretty, the real word is cruel.
I hope I can improve.
Additionally the Internet can solve unemployment problem which developing countries have.
The Internet helps us with communicating with foreigners.
Before the Internet became common, we had to search for information in dictionaries or books.
Thirdly, the Internet can solve unemployment problem which developing countries have.
By giving business opportunities to developing countries people, the Internet can make their economy much better.
As you can see many people use the Internet for communicating, finding information, and even for developing countries people, they can find jobs by the Internet.
I often watchi foreign dramas.
I went to the library to do some writing homework.
TOEIC is one of the Japanese English qualification tests,
This morning, I got up early.
Seoul is expected to be cloudy and without rain.
We went to Kobe.
However, I haven't prepared for that at all in this month, so I am very worried about that.
Since then, I've visited Korea and the Philippines.
Father took the younger of the two children out of the car.
He is a buddy of my friend.
They finally succeeded
So I'll try jogging with my iPod touch and a Nike sensor.
And then I also want to translate papers on other topics which I wrote about, like A town of Tokyo and Images, (That was my specialty.) or something.
That's what japanese does while Japan was invading Asian Countries when Japan was once under imperialism.
But can we say that it's the right thing that it's been a weakness of Japan at diplomacy and Japan is blamed about it forever by some countries?
At first I was surprised at reading a sentence that said ``I felt very happy about Japanese being afflicted by the atomic bomb, when I saw the photographs.``
When I read the sentences, my head seemed to awake suddunly.
In addition, it described the terrible behavior of Japanese soldiers concretely.
But I think about it calmly now (when I was 20), I have an opinion that it's not a right way of thinking like ``I'm very happy about Japan being damaged.`` Because the ``evil`` is not one of soldiers or one of the citizens.
Fuji, which is the highest mountain in Japan, and Hamana-Ko lake, Sekigahara.
The stage, the crowd, the light, all has disappeared in a flash.
As I get accustomed to the real world, I start smiling to myself.
Parents threaten children to do or not to do things with horror stories.
He creates his own world, and is great within it.
We enjoyed a delicious lunch, after which, we went shopping and enjoyed the atmosphere of Christmas.
Today was great through I still felt like a isolated knight except when talking to this girl who was really sweet who taught me the words ``serendipity and kismet``.
are lots of action scenes and I liked the story.
But, for tomorrows 'classes I will be absent for all of them.
So, I will study hard tomorrow.
I haven't gone to any foreign countries yet.
Pelican eat pigeon
Genshiken is a club for studying various anime, video games, and manga at college.
Most the members in Genshiken are male.
We were a good combination and our team was strong.
I didn't remember that Mia lives in San Francisco and I was really surprised the city had so many slopes.
In the book I thought there were a lot of instances of lessons on how to be a princess and affairs between Mia's mom and a teacher, but they were omitted. I also thought her grandma was older and meaner, but she was so elegant in the movie.
So she can do whatever she wants.
Because I like the French bread best (from all types).
Her actions are so cool!
I think her activities are worthy of praise and she is a wonderful person.
Representation of the ``Life of Pi``
One strange thing in the story is that nobody cleans the molded cheese on the ground.
If I hadn't seen the movie, I couldn't understand the story.
When I go to a supermarket, I walk around to see various merchandise.
I enjoy finding new merchandise.
The inside of it was a paste of sweet potato and rice cake, though it is (usually?) bean paste.
I had a lot of time which I could spend studying English.
But now I work every day except Sunday and sometimes Saturday (?).
For the last few months, I've been trying to be more pragmatic, to accept the harsh realities of life and to do more down-to-earth things.
Luckily, I've found this website.
I said to myself, ``This is a good chance to improve my English.`` I want to thank anyone who will help me.
Do you have any idea how to spend time in the dark without using electricity?
I am a little nervous because I will be embarrassed if there are not
enough topics and we just sit there in silence.
I hope I could help Japanese as much as possible, also improve my language skills.
I naively believed those who told (and are telling)
His belief is understandable and I agree, it will be the new common sense of this world.
instead of believing in criticism,
But actually in Japan, where anonymity looks more important than in other countries,
We have to do the performance in front of the classmates.
They'll evaluate my lesson.
Many classmates make nice materials like picture cards, letters card, and so on.
They will become my property (?), seeing medical care and meeting English doctors and students.
They will become important persons for me in the future because they can change Japanese medicine, thinking about Japan objectively.
I want to talk with her
This was the nice greeting I heard today, and it should be the idea that radio people should keep in mind on Valentine's Day, I think.
But look after, it wasn't that big or complicated.
But there's no regret.
It's very quiet in the office.
Today I decided to study English again.
After I walked in the Garden,
I wanted to be regular employee of this company.
Cotton increased its sales as well, except that it was a rather dramatic rise from twenty thousand to a peak of eighty thousand.
In January, some members of the team changed.
I drank Soju which is Korean traditional liquor.
I went to the Central department on the 3rd of April where an anti government rally was being held.
Whenever I'm working in the morning, I hear birds singing and remember a holiday I had taken. I stayed in Sukhothai, Thailand.
in Jingu stadiam today.
So I can speak a little French.
In Japan, a sense of crisis is in the air that that the nuclear power plant accident might destroy Japan.
Not only the Prime Minister (,) but the people should also help revive japan.
Since GEVEY, which I have used for my Sim-locked-iPhone4, has got some problems and became
Although It's rather expensive it's so yummy!_ The same level of Chinese food as in Japan.
A 32inch Samsung costs 23000_ peso.
I carried it back to my room by hand,_ and applied for cable TV which costs 500_ peso/ m per month.
My digital life in Manilla has made rather big (or good) progress!!
I belonged to a musical club when I was a junior high school student.
So I should study English harder.
Of course, bad things happened.
Almost all my friends say, ``You are very outgoing.``
Therefore, my English grammar skills are very poor, probably this diary has a lot of mistakes.
I want to go abroad through a school scholarship program and earn a lot of money for going abroad.
because I got sick recently and I felt that English was harder than before.
Suddenly, I was really worried about that.
Speaking is especially difficult for me.
It happened suddenly.
I thought it was an emergency.
My boss called me to ask if I could go to work next Saturday.
I decided to start using Lang-8 to study English.
Athough some people believe a considerable proportion of rural students should put a lot of effort into learning, there really is a phenomenon that rural students are more likely to have problems with getting into an university.
Despite that, as an enlightened and obligated government, it should make this top priority to these originally disadvantaged students.
One of the ways to judge if it is okay to lie in a specific situation is to consider the reason for lying.
But since I have gotten friendly with foreign people, I found out the fact that we don't tell the truth to people is more common in Korean culture.
Yesterday the dentist (denstist is the name for tooth doctor) gave me a painkiller injection after he pulled a broken tooth from my mouth.
Grammar questions, in particular, were key problems.
Having a cold is very tiring.
It went the opposite way.
I'm from China, I can speak Chinese!
After studying at GV, I camehome.
I would like to buy a red travel mug.
It looked tasty:-) I would like to eat it!
I had never eaten Vietnamese noodles.
I'm worried about my English speaking skills.
Therefore, people gradually lose the capability to cherish the elegant tastes of natural food.
I am sorry, I do not have my hometown's photograph, but I can introduce
it to you! It's a beautiful city, It's very pleasant. People always come in July, August, and September to our city for holiday.
Keeping water comfortable for saltwater fish using chemicals is difficult, so we took some tanks and carried them filled with water.
There were Spinach, Broccoli, Japanese radish, etc.
These home grown vegetables taste better than the ones in the supermarket.
I always appreciate my parents.
It reminds me of when I was a child.
after getting used to being lazy during the holiday.
My first lang8 diary is this page.
I read 'Billy Elliot', a book I borrowed from Jackie.
One day, after the boxing class, Billy learned some ballet moves in Mrs.
Wilkinson's class by chance.
When he went to the school for the audition, Billy was frightened of the posh atmosphere and after the audition he thought he wouldn't get in to the school but he did!!
I can't remember all of it........
She suggested for me.
coffee jelly 110g, 1/ 4 whipped cream, 1 cup latte pudding, 1 scoop vanilla ice cream
Seattle vs Detroit.
Seattle's starting pitcher was Michael Pineda.
These days, I have been very busy writing 2 kinds of graduation thesis (because I belong to 2 kinds of seminars...), but these letters were refreshing:)
And after school I go to additional classes in informatics, biology and algebra.
We had a farewell party for overseas students yesterday.
However, the result was incredibly bad...
Recently, I'm always tired because everyday I wear formal dress and am asked
So today we're going to renew our expired passports.
August 11th.* August 11
August 12th.* August 12
August 13th.* August 13
Athletes playing sports encourage people to be more alive in their life.
Assuming the amount of enjoyment people obtain from watching is proportional to the amount of money athletes obtain, it is even less of a surprise that they receive such a large amount of money.
From a different standpoint, we might view the mountainous pile of money with suspicion of whether they, athletes, really need such money.
I think that they don't have enough provisions of electricity.
Anyway, I gave up on taking a shower last night, and I tried again this morning.
But my heater was broken because of too much heat.
That heater give out a white smog and it smells as if something's burning.
A few weeks ago, I watched the movie ``Dawn of the Dead`` with my friend.
People who were not infected tried to survive and gathered at the mall.
Nonetheless, they desperately waited for help from outside in the hope that there must be many people out there alive.
Nabe is boiled vegetable and fish and meat in a bowl.
It was very delicious and filling.
these days people do not have time to stay healthy, they do not have time for exercising, eating and sleeping well.
First, nutrition is one of the most important for good healt; therefore, we should have a healthy food.
One steers clear of high cholesterol foods, such as eggs, fatty meats like pork and sausages.
Abstain form drinking alcohol and caffeine, and try not to drink more than a sip of water within one hour before going to bed.
Thirdly, exercise to first bulid heart rate.
However, if people too busy to go running, walking is another choice or taking the stairs instead of the elevator.
After that, building muscles.
Of course I am allowed to sleep if nothing has happened.
so I am really happy that I learned a little bit about e-bay.
I've already written three articles ^ ^
If we change the way we think, the protests could be a good step toward making Thailand a better country.
It is so sad, but it is very real.
One of the Korean student made a frog using origami paper.
My sister highly recommend me to watch a Japanese movie called Detroit Metal City (DMC).
At that time, I was curious about its storyline because there were a navie guy and a weird guy dressed in and put on evil-likers.
It was like writing in some strange language.
I cannot let this feeling destroy myself, I should find something to do, it is urgent.
All I get here is loneliness.
The third diary;)
The doctor said (that) maybe I felt pressured or too nervous.
Yesterday, I went to see a doctor of traditional Chinese medicine again,
He found it!!
According to this program, Dutch people eat sandwiches that have a biscuit on top of bread.
Both counties have a lot of worldwide companies despite their small land.
We don't usually connect each other.
I didn't really put as much sunscreen on my body as I did on my face.
Well, I guess I'm feeling much better.
I have a lot of fun when I'm writing it.
When I think back, there were a lot of things that happened on this year.
It was very awful that no one else could take care of my son.
Celebrate the 1st of.
I am going to make her a pasta with tomato-sauce and bacon, and the cold potato potage soup.
I like cooking and I'd like to make my wife happy.
When spring has come, we not only have a lot of cherry blossoms but it is also the time for graduation ceremonies at school.
I feel melancholy.
I think nobody could know how I feel.
I need to think that everything will go well.
Was somebody not happy today? If you weren't, I want to tell you to smile.
But some of my friends have already had operations, and in addition I'd rather enjoy the present time than worry about the far future! ^ ^
But the cost is very expensive, 20 thousand yen or 2000 $ using a discount coupon...
What's the reputation of Lasik in your country?
How about in other countries??
Today my sister came to see me.
such as the current economy, climate, entertainment etc.
During the stay in Toyama, I relished mountaineering to my heart's content.
One time, I climbed a mountain called (if I'm not mistaken) Tateyama to, hopefully, observe Grouses which are designated as an endangered species in Japan.
The summit, we found, was replete with alpine plants and some signs proclaiming that we couldn't set our foot in the places palces where the plants was growing.
This is between us, but we broke the rule and sneaked around on the plants to see some species spieces we couldn't see from pathways.
Or most of the plants were very modest t and even tiny projecting a humble atmosphere and might have graced our eyes for a fleeting moment.
Yet, mountaineering was certainly worth no matter how may times we did it.
It was parked by my department parking lot last night.
I did geological field survey.
For example,: Japanese Vocabulary is a Japanese study tool designed to help you learn more than 400 Japanese words.
One thing is that I wanted to commit myself for the cause of whole Japan.
It occured to me that I would rather be poor than to live thinking only myself.
If you correct this entry, it is very instructive for me and I will be very happy.
I live in Japan. I am a college student.
It was the traditional festival of China-----Mid-autumn Day, it was sunny and at night we enjoyed the beautiful moon.
I need more exercise.
Japan drew with Jordan at the their first game on 9 January.
I thought that Japan would absolutely win.
I've just registered on this site!
The car navigation system in my car is broken.
Friedrich: Jo, such a little name for...
I had a good impression of him.
Hello Everyone!
Its seling now.
It has slices of cheese, meat, lettuce, taco meat and hot tomato sauce.
I wrote a diary just now and got a response immediately.
I feel you guys are so passionate.
Some (people_ insist this method is bad cause we can use the wrong expression again and again.
so put on a smile
I didn't concentrate in class.
more interesting was my collegues who didn. t speak chinese. because she is Korean.
I live in Hokkaido, the northern island of Japan.
We have to live with just one, small electrical fan.
Bagels are So Expensive
Today I went to a bagel store I have been interested in.
It wouldn't have cost me more than 5 dollars with a drink.
My favorite idol committed suicide.
My hobbies are snowboarding, travel and studying foreign languages. Now I am studying English and Spanish.
If you learn Japanese, I will help you.
If Japanese people learn English based these misunderstandings, they will use English rudely and upset others.
This show plays on TV at 6 'o clock pm but I can't watch it because of my church service.
It has already become my favorite show.
In this show 7 singers appear and sing a song against each other.
but I prefer a whole one with its insides.
I've been ready for my new business for many years.
I'm planning and making a new web service with my friend who is an expert at computer programing
My ideal web service will launch soon!
To develop a web service takes many years and a lot of money, and no one can know what web services will succeed.
I'm going to take a chance on my new business!
The school has the same service but it has some kind of rules like the deadline to receive that service.
The first 3 weeks was a challenge.
Pronunciation, intonation and stress were difficult and they killed me.
Sometimes cultural differences caused misunderstanding.
The word I used were taken as a different meaning but it told me a lot of things. How important it is to understand background of the language.
I went school and learned about English Education.
My friend visited me.
He is from Malaysia, and I met him in Australia.
It was about Japanese culture.
I cried when I left my home stay because they have been like family.
I will definitely come and visit people I have met in Vancouver.
The other day, it was broadcasted that an entertainer was hospitalized for tubeculosis.
I heard that she had had strong cough and felt lazy for long time.
These days, she went to the hospital and was checked up, and she was diagnosed with tuberculosis.
She is very popular and appeared on TV every day, so she had many contacts with many people, so it is possible that tuberculosis was transfered to many people.
Patients with tuberculosis need to be insulated into special hospital.
Tokyo prefecture and the office that she belongs to started to inform the people that may have recieved tuberculosis from her so that they go to hospital and get checked up.
Celebrities many opportunities to comunicate with a lot of people, so I think that they should go to hospotal and get checked up soon.
Today I talked about a shortage-of-clean-water problem in my English conversation
It's Raining.
It has been raining for 3 days.
If you come to Japan, I definitely recommend you to eat Ra-mens.
For such reasons, I sometimes forget easy grammer and words, but I am glad that u correct my dairy willingly.
1: to talk about daily life in easy English with foreigners
I don't have enough knowledge about every genre.
Although I'm an English major, my English is not very good,
Recently my eyes have become worse and my last pair of glasses were in bad shape.
They suit my face.
Muscle training (weight training) and walking have made me slim.
I was invited to a lunch by my husband's colleagues.
The oven was out of order?
I couldn't understand why it was not working, and I asked for help to my husband.
I want my English sentences to be polished up.
So, Americans or someone who can speak English, could you correct this diary??
I'm a little lonely, but I'm looking forward to visiting her in NYC.
Today, I'm going to the English club in my neighborhood.
Random toughts of a silly (and sleepy) mind
I started this entry without any ideas to write.
The weather?
Well, today the sun decided to show all his magnitude and the result was a really hot day. (Maybe he picked a fight with the poor clouds and banned them from the sky.)
Okay, I just finished talking about weather...
I know that is only 9 PM but today was a really tiring day and I'm really sleepy (that's why my post is so silly and have almost no sense at all).
I can get really silly when I'm sleepy.)
Today we separated the teams into the 2nd and 3rd class versus the 4th class.
After a couple weeks I decided to buy it, but it had already been sold.
Since then I have been looking for this guitar everywhere/ in every country.
I can understand the doctor's workload is very heavy but her attitude is not very nice and friendly.
I'm considering working hard to improve my English skills.
After a moment, one man came up to me and sat down beside me.
Then, I got to the Foreign Book area, I found an English wordbook.
Today, I am going to go to the lalaport, shopping center and buy some presents with my wife.
There are a lot of advantages (when) attend (ing) a live performance.
For example, watching/ (hearing) the music in the seat near the stage is the astounding.
I believe 2009 will be great time for me to improve my international experiences.
welcome friends!!
For example, I don't like shopping, I have no interest in those silly rumors about boys, and I'm totally not addicted to love stories or movies.
Instead, I play DS or PSP games, read detective novels, or write posts in internet forums.
But I am going to change my place of work because of the crisis.
My company has suffered because of this crisis.
I read ``The Da Vince Code, Lost Symbol, and Angels& Demons``
My name is Liuquan. I want learn English well, but my English is so poor, so I want make more friends to help me improve my English!
So It was very dirty.
His performances always influence me deeply.
Of course, we can also see his great performances in Chocolate Factory, Public Enemies, Edward Scissor Hands, Sleepy Hollow, Chocolate, etc.
graduate program isn't an easy work.
I have applied for up to 8 schools, costing totally 1000 USD for
Considerating school reputation, cost, and length of program, I
Being admitted is only the beginning, loads of works are waiting to be done.
This evening, I watched a movie called ``This is it`` which is organized with footage related to Michel Jackson, mainly the footage of rehearsals for his concert in London scheduled in July.
I am interested in American comic culture.
I made dozens of rice balls, filled with pickled ume, salted salmon, dried benito, tuna, and many other ingredients that were available in my home.
Matsushima is one of the beautiful spots in Japan. We call it 'Nihonn Sankei' as there is so much beautiful scenery.
So It's my favourite driving courses.
In addition, I am worried that there will be a typhoon today.
we have a long holiday.
my English is very bad, I want to made good use of those
days to improve, especially my spoken English.
I have been learning english for 22 years, from junior high school, and now it has been 10 years since I graduated from my university. ah, that is such a long time, right? And yet Ifind that my English capability is the same as 22 years before.
Today, my family went to a sushi restaurant and enjoyed sushi dinner.
No. 3: tuna with leek
The series has been published since 1994.
I think that if you want to be rich you had better learn three categories.
Economics, politics and money (that includes money market and investments).
I don't remember at all, but I was really, really happy because I received the entire ``The Lord of the Rings`` collection from my grandma.
I usually eat cut tofu in miso soup and rice for breakfast.
Miso soup is soybean paste dissolved in hot water.
I plan to have a big dog on the future.
The cherry blossoms near my house, began to bloom.
I was thinking of getting a driver's licence during the spring break.
As I have never ridden a bike before, it is very difficult for me to get started.
Back then, I believed that I couldn't keep my balance so I was afraid to have a try.
Until now. Now I have a strong will to master this skill.
First, I had a sore throat and then I had bad coughs..
This TV program videotapes everyday lives of patients with Alzheimers and their family.
Then I saw that the patient in the show couldn't wear jacket correctly; she put it on inside out.
I wanna have it.
though my lips and teethridge feel paralyzed.
I'm so nerveous and feel like I have butterflies in my stomach.
Athough it is late, happy new year and I hope your business will be successful.
I'd like to have a successful life.
We all knew that Microsoft set up a website to monitor the usage of IE6.
A grammar book
A grammar book made me fall asleep.
All products are 30 to 50 percent off this season.
This will be a good lesson for me.
If I say something in Taiwanese, it lets my feelings transfer to the other person very directly.
January 17th was the 15th anniversary of the Great Hanshin Earthquake of 1995.
Kobe is an urban city and famous for fashion and nice food.
Many people were crushed and burned to death under the rubble of houses.
There were many blue plastic sheets covering the debris.
I truly wish for Haiti to recover as soon as possible.
Some kindergartens have school buses.
Its ingredients are potato, carrots, sausage and so on.
I remember the song 'Lonely Day' by System Of A Down. ``The most loneliest day of my life``... I need cry, but I have no reason to.
Once upon a time, one man wrote a sad song and upon hearing this song, people would commit suicide. I think 'Gloomy Sunday' is a beautiful song and therefore I did not kill myself.
Japanese and foreign people visit this city for sightseeing..
Don't depend merely on informations.
I am keep going to write English entries.
I hope my English gets better and better!
I'm going to gather some information about it.
Nagoya is the third largest urban area in Japan and is located between Tokyo and Osaka.
I'm working in a restaurant
It is a high school's baseball (team?) and youthful.
I am very glad to finish it successfully.
I am studying english now.
people all over the world have to help each other.
if we can't communicate with foreigners by talking in our native language,
we have to help each other by using english in the world.
When I came home I looked at the mountain of his toys toys that he had made in the living room.
When we were young we responded to our dad or our mom for their love.
before I signed up it, I looked it up on Wikipedia
Whether nighttime demonstrations should be permitted or not has long been a controversial issue in Korea.
But since it's quiet and comfortable for me to cycle from the station to my home, even in Tokyo, it's cool and silent at night.
I'm 20 years old, and a student of university of design in Japan.
and we recognize them as ``real`` foreign women.)
And Japanese traditional behavior, too.
I guess the pictures are rare.
As I usually put on makeup, these are very important.
Third, It was my purpose, I chose Yukata.
If I were to be a pianist, I would like to play the piano for children.
Many typical Japanese companies have new years vacation during the first three days of January.
I normally lie on my stomach when I have Yakiniku.
I wonder what had happened to their relationship after dinner.
I have never visited a place where the temperature is so low!!!
I will visit the USA this winter!
However I have a problem with a certain personality in my seminar.
My favourite team is Consadole Sapporo.
Could you please tell me other sites where I can read texts written by native English people?
I wanna be a Chinese teacher
My company serves us box lunch for a small fee.
but the curry tasted different from previous one.
Ketchup taste was strong even though I poured soy sauce on the curry and rice.
Korean people made a good impression on me because they were very kind.
I have change the Tire.
Have you ever seen cherry blossoms?
Many people who travel around the world cannot exactly explain what culture is, becauce the feeling is beyond words.
Those who experience culture in person are different from those who just watch travel channel.
If you truly love a certain nation or place, the best way to understand local culture is definitely by traveling.
If not only to experience the culture but also broaden your horizons.
Then, the next time someone asks you what the culture is, then you will realize how important silence is.
Listening practice. What is he saying?
I'm reluctant to work on English.
Anyone have any tips on how to continue studying English?
Do you use iPhone?
Today was not a special day.
Next spring, I will attend University of Kyoto (not Kyoto University).
This ketchup made the chili more tasty.
I presented a marriage present to my colleague.
Topracticing English, I write a diary here.
She picked it up and brought it to their house to eat it.
Late in the afternoon, I finished my graduation ceremony for my diploma.
I was encourged by her and was warmly received with a friendly smile (I can see that she is a religious christian), then I began to talkwith my friend whom I'm afraid of and hated before.
I received notice of an Informal Decision yesterday!
The alternative medicines
In the linear algebra class today, we listened to an academic lecture. (Usually we are taught the basics of linear algebra.) Today's class might be special.
Unfortunately, I didn't have my own
a lot of colonial places to visit, and has many foreigners.
Okonomiyaki is made of kneaded flour and sliced cabbage with some flavourings.
Recently it's been getting hot.
I like flavored strawberry milk in it.
Usually I buy bottled tea when I go to the language school vending machine.
but I don't want another bottle
because it's heavy!
On that occasion, she got mad!! I don't understand!!??
Today I ate Takoyaki with my friends, which we made together.
Es tut mir leid, aber ich werde heute Abend nicht hierhin kommen.
But there is a Japanese craftsman, who has lived there for 20 years and has devoted himself to restoring the tradition.
It eventually came from the germ of an idea, tentatively tried out by the oboes, clarinets and bassons, which the cellos and bass turn into a fully-fledged theme which was taken up with increasing enthusiasm by the full orchestra.
These memories are unforgettable.
Fusen volleyball was born in Kitakyushu in 1989.
A: Of course.
Each uncle or aunt has a son and a daughter except my youngest uncle.
I am losing confidence now...... bad listening aptitudes, poor reading abilities, even worse writing competencies, and the worst speaking skills ever.....
I am very much looking forward to my day off.
``Hakone`` is the name of a place which is famous for hot springs.
Every year many dramas unfold.
I want to send a letter so please correct my sentences.
I want you to play the guitar and sing songs!!
I got this movie from my malay friend.
Studying abroad
He also taught me about food from various countries.
Because my mom went to my grandmother's home in the morning.
more than usual, and here is the fact.
Second, I'll do some anaerobic exercises every morning such as sit ups and push ups.
It is famous for the Otaru canal.
At this event, the city is lit up with many candles.
I worked with my group activity members.
We made a snow slide and places for putting candles by shaving snow and ice.
But the candles were beautiful and I met many lovely people.
I like the SPA `cause it` s a very relaxing and comfortable place.
After I go to the spa, I want to go to shopping; I also want to buy shampoo and some snacks.
because their plays are dynamic and speedy.
I want to say to everybody that I want to make friends with you.
Today, I was thinking that I'm a loving person.
Especially when I am doing something or making decisions, they do not always agree or understand my view (continue)
Here in Russia we have ``May holidays``, that is additional days off on the 1st and the 9th of May.
First, I read the Liberal Democratic Party's manifest which was the governing party before this election.
I thought it was terrible how they wrote against the Democratic party.
I am planning to visit many customers for new year greetings on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Usually, I have done that at the end of the year and new year holiday, however my wage has decreased for the past five months. On top of that, my December bonus was really poor due to the huge recession.
We decided to share the suffering and regain our profits together.
I am a kind, funny girl with a big heart and know 4 languages;:) Russian, English, French and Japanese.
Hello world!
Also, I wanna know about foreign countries 'cities.
And some of the most precious traditions such as reading together, singing after dinner, walking along the riverside, have become diminished.
Probably, because of age.
I have stayed there around 3 months to study English.
I was sleepy, so I couldn't answer the teacher's questions.
I dreamed for almost fifty minutes during the lesson.
I'm starting to write down a diary from today.
I want to communicate with them fluently, and enjoy conversation.
They are professional guys.
I have to make a twenty-minute presentation tomorrow in front of about 30 people.
Additonally, I would like to receive recommendations about more interesting dramas.
After the exhibition I can go home ~ ~
Because it is very warm today.
But I am very poor with grammer.
Today my work was published in newspapers under the title, ``Students read and write newspapers.``
Today his essay was published on the reader opinion page.
As the final examination is coming, my domitory matters and I was busy writing a review, so I don't have enough time to write a diary every day.
I am looking forward to attending the wedding because I'll be able to see friends after a long time.
I think that it depends on each countries, what kind of number does your place dislike and like?
Hi, I'm Japanase and English beginner.
Unfortunately my English skill is no good.
(what they did was calculating and memorizing rather than studying, though.)
There are many kinds of children.
My mother is a housewife.
Recently, there are many problem in the world.
When I went to my office, I was going to call to my wife, but I didn't know her phone number because it was in my mobile phone...
I moved to Hong kong recently.
Because I played basketball after class.
Do you get nervous talking with foreingners or feel pressure?
I thought that he was a very kind.
It's too expensive.
As a result, the vegetables are too expensive!
I want to speak It very well and make new friends also.
I start writing my diary on Lang-8 from now, but my English abilities isn't good, so please teach me correct and better than grammar or words in my diary.
She went abroad to many countries when she was young.
Because she likes traveling very much.
I think it will be a good influence on us to spend more time in daylight because it would improve our efficiency.
I bought a digital camera and flowers for my mother, because Mother's Day is coming.
I wanna travel to foreign countries as soon as possible, but I can't do that, because I don't have the money to travel.
But he was happy and laughed a lot while talking with us.
All most of them have (their) own jobs and they practice soccer in their off time, nights and holidays.
I believe that they will get the gold medal in Olympic game in LondonDo n't need comma next year.
My throat is still swollen.
I need to learn English because I live in Boston with my husband.
His job is researcher in university. (See below.)
I need to compare the test case with mine for checking if there are discrepancies between both test cases.
``Can we do this?`` when I heardthis words, I imagined that If I did something impossible, what would I asked myself first?
The men in this room had begun to make plans, they wrote every problem which they would meet before they landed on the moon.
First, my english level.
Second, My editing level and CG level.
When I putthe popcorn in the microwave I set the timer 5 minutes.
Tomorrow is mother's day, when we were young our mom took good care of us, as we grow up, our moms become old, some of us do not treat our mother very well, now I just want to say everyone of us should take good care of our mothers, tomorrow we must tell mother ``I love you, mom!`` I hope every mother in the world will be happy everyday!
Maybe tomorrow night he will be very tired because he is a heavy drinker, so I'll going to there with my friends, who are shielders. (I'm sorry to my friends)
He had a dream of being a computer engineer.
Now I'm a computer engineer.
Moreover, I went to school to last Monday from last Friday.
I have lots of friends here, but they are Singporean or foreign people whose first language isn't English.
So I want/ to get an opportunity to talk to caucasians, and I want to improve my pronounciation.
Today my business partners invited me to lunch.
She previously lived in the UK to study abroad.
But she said that to study abroad a savings is required.
She has also been to France to snowboard.
I will have to study hard, especially business English.
My favorite season is summer.
Tell me how to distinguish
Masayoshi Son, president of Softbank Group has sufficient talent and strong leadership, just as as Mr.
Eiichi Shibusawa did during the Meiji-period.
Japanese believe that it is a lucky symbol.
Afterwards, my friend said he wanted to see Avatar, so we went to a
movie theatre and saw Avatar.
I'm a little nervous.
Today, I borrowed a book about Robin Hood written in English from the library in my university.
I have graduated from university.
But I don't have a job due to the recession in japan.
The former is important to the Japanese.
I know that is too tough
My job!
I work at the Hosan Corporation, a company that deals in industrial tools. I've been there for a year.
It was alright, though.
I am very weak at grammar and speaking.
They tried to exclude me from the group.
In Japan, it is vacation from January to March.
Since English is spoken all over the world, if I can use English, I can communicate with billions of people and learn about many countries.
I felt a great shock and asked him why he never spoke in the language to me before.
``You are too enthusiastic when you are using English, too much gesture and too much face expression,`` he looked at me with his sincere eyes, ``what's more, you English pronunciation is too much like a chinese.``
Why do many people come to me these days and tell me their ideas?
The word is that American Blockbusters is on the brink of going belly-up and its 500 to 800 branches will be predestined to close up within 5 months.
to see tulips at the flower garden.
In order to write great compositions, I asked for my English teacher's advice this morning.
I will patiently follow those advices and write English compositions diligently.
The biscuits don't contain sugar, so I love them.
``How tired I am of this unbearable distance between us.
I should go play tennis.
I should go to tennis practice.
I helped my friend in a different position do a job.
I helped her cut the paper for a long time, and then we went home
She had an umbrella, that is good for me as I can walk with her and not get wet.
My friend sent a message to me in the afternoon. She said she was excited to meet this weekend.
It really helps me to study English and makes me study harder than before.
I made a marriage contract with my girlfriend.
That data is not credible because it is of low precision.
The simple fact is, however, that it is difficult to get accurate information, eat enough food and avoid the poor hygiene.
And as a matter of fact, Confucianism belief tells you to respect the elders just because they are older than you.
It is true that a young people may be inferior to the elderly persons in terms of knowledge, skills and experiences.
So my opinion is really neutral.
The elderly people are not good at adapting themselves to the new situations with flexibilities, but they can show or share good advices with the young from their knowledge and experiences.
And on the other hand, the young people can support the old with flexibilities, adaptability, and enough energy.
My mother and I will be going there to congratulate him.
Hello friends. Today while I was chatting with my friends, we talked about bungee jumping and I asked them who would dare to jump out of an airplane?
For me that is a silly thing to do because I am scared to do it..
But I will never forget this good experience in my life..
Learning while having fun is such a good experience.
Until the quakes calmed down, I couldn't move anywhere...
The radio told about TSUNAMI, but I couldn't believe it.
However, my English skill lacks vocabulary.
Therefore I feel anxious about the examination XD
First, we can know many things because we can read it speedily. Next, we can find it again very quickly because it will be in our house.
but English says to me ``Vitaly you are so stupid.``
For example, a bowl of rice topped with many kinds of ingredients such as flavored boiled beef (Gyu-don), pork cutlet with lightly cooked egg (Katsu-don) and slices of row tuna flavored with soy sauce (Magurozuke-don). (Sounds delicious!)
They have various course menus.
What should I do?
There have been a lot of things I felt there, but I couldn't express to someone what I experienced.
It's my first diary.
Because I'd like to use English with my business (job).
Though I am a master student and major in civil engineering, I have a choice to decide whether I get a job as a banker or an engineer or others if I want to work at an international organization.
If climate changes, some problems may happen.
But unfortunately, I didn't take the entrance examination for college. Now I am studying to get a adult college degree. I think this degree is not as good as a4 year degree, but it's better than nothing.
because she is good at cooking, cleaning, and laundry and so on.!!
The typhoon still affects the whole of Japan.
I went to work the day before yesterday.
The typhoon was approaching my city.
During my breaktime, the train which I always use had already stopped operation.
Even although office bosses sent us a message, ``If you are worried about returning home, contact us.`` I knew that I could only wait because of train being stopped.
I can safely come back my home, albeit it took a longer time to arrive than usual.
Instead, I concentrate on studying.
If you were me, which would you choose, having a part-time job or studying?
Yesterday, I went to Ann Mo Kio Aria, to meet a friend.
We are language exchange partners.
I went to the park behind MRT Station and had a nap at the park bench.
I don't like eating breakfast at home because I prefer to eat delicious food such as continental breakfasts rather than traditonal Chinese food such as congee (rice soup) and plain vegetables.
I know the traditonal Chinese food is healthier than greasy food but I want to eat something special occasionally.
The man was arriving home with his new second hand television, which he had just got, when he was surprised by the local police and immediately arrested.
How efficient the local police are!
I have visited Greece, India, Peru, Jamaica, Cambodia, Thailand, China, and Bolivia.
One of my New Year's resolutions is exercising every day.
I'm so nervous because I am writing a letter to you for the first time!
There are so many people in McDonald's at dinner time ~ I waited for a few minutes and got a seat ~
Research project
What do you think would be an effective way for me to get corrections from English native speakers?
Why do some students study abroad?
At first, I write a journal entry in English on lang-8, then I write down in my notebook and after that ask someone to correct it.
When I told them the price of these at least are more $ 200 as new goods, they were very surprised.
I cannot explain it exactly only in writing.
I had been keeping my hair short since this year started, but I got bored with it, so I didn't get my hair cut very short this time.
I heard that Tagalog, Indonesian, and Malay are absolutely the same.
I knew that Indonesian and Malay are absolutely the same.
Preparation methods include nurses explaining to children how receiving an injection works, examination and treatment and how to prepare tools such as books, dolls, toys, computers, etc.
but I knew it's in their genes.
So I haven't gone out for several months.
But it is ok now.
So, I have an important responsibility to fulfill in Hong Kong, and our nation, China.
At this school British English is taught, so sometimes when she is speaking I don't understand immediately.
However, I will do my best to try and learn American, British or whatever English accent is required. xD I wish someday I could teach English and travel to Toronto or London, maybe Washington. xD
l love climbing mountains.
I bared the pain as the feeling was good.
So they came to be together.
I respect him.
Well, my priority now is English, because next year I'll take the entrance test at the university, and I chose English as my foreign language, but I'm falling in love with Japanese!
Naturally, I will correct your Japanese too.
Although his name was little bit difficult for me to pronounce, he was nice person.
After lunch, I was waiting for the staff member who organized the homestay program for me.
Astronauts brought back a moon stone to Earth for NASA to analyse.
Lastly, the number of crimes increases when the moon is full.
Btw, I have already experienced being the only girl in the class, and I changed the class.
I hope I can enjoy all my classes during the second semester.
Then I cleaned the kitchen, especially the kitchen range.
The more I learn English, the more difficult I think it is.
I've just realized what her friendship means to me.
I think at this stage in my life, I should not defraud myself.
HOWEVER.... what she told me at that time was only a lot of complaints for her husband.
Most of that were caused by a difference of custom and the way of thinking, such as religion, thoughts of how (a) husband and (a) wife should be, etc.
But through the experience with my foreign friends (I `m still a university student), I have really started to want a`` natural ``kind of conversation, I mean the kind of conversation even native English speakers think sounds natural and common, not strange.
For one thing, I want to study at the same university as my brother does.
Although we can now change our appearances with plastic surgery, it is almost impossible to change our voices.
Even if I don't have anything to write, I should write something.
Almost every morning he barks at me, but when he is satisfied, he wags his tail.
His eyes always look sad.
In the morning I went to see a doctor.
Finally, I ate out with my speaking class members and my speaking teacher, Paul.
In the afternoon, I went shopping with my mom.
I'm from korea.
I live In Sapporo city, which is located in Japan's most northern island called Hokkaido, located and on the 45th parallel.
In fact, this year it has hardly snowed until today, although we usually have quite a few snows around this time of year.
And-then-unfortunately-I-forgot-my-commuter-ticket, so-I-had to pay-JPY1200.
Lately my Italian friend and I have been to a few buffets a few times together, none of which were Japanese restaurants actually!
But what I am trying to say is that the places where he took me were 70% buffets....
Though I don't eat a lot normally, going to a buffet restaurant made me want to eat a lot more foods than I eat usually do!
Haha What I was thinking was to generate a full payback of the foods which made me such a big eater!
He looked at them just once and then ran out of the base immediately!!!
Topic; it has recently been anounced that a new restaurant may be built in your neighborhood.
I know a sentence ``She is a woman who I think is the most beautiful.`` Is this quote the same kind of sentence gramatically?
I decided to start with Aeschylus, because he is one of the first playwrights.
I should go there early because I am afraid there might be a traffic jam.
I think she will have a lot of things to tell about her interview.
I `m 19 years old.
I have not called her recently since she got angry.
but I dont know the reason why she got angry.
By tomorrow, I will be happy thanks to her who helps me relax.
Today I sat in the office where I work and chatted with my friend.
Getting over the hardship of your parents control and your self control tends to stop you from being a good student.
But she was very concerned about graduation works and graduation exibits so, I said ``Don't worry, never mind, you're getting better and you can do those soon enough.``
I chose this name from an Austrailian short soap opera,
But I guess this site is very helpful for me and my English skills.
Could you help me with English?
one of the main languages in the world.
I desperately want a rewarding job with good pay...
Someday, I want to find a part-time job!
Because I have so much free time, and having something to do is a good way to spend my free time!
Also, I can learn something in it!
I don't know what I should do!
Could a native speaker please read it, and please don't think it's strange and rediculus.
But it would be impossible for me to learn everything in the world.
The South korean goverment asked them,
My wife is a doctor and busy, too.
Today I want to write something about travel.
On the other hand, if one wishes to travel to a natural landscape, traveling on ones own would be a convenient choice.
For instance, last year I traveled to the Yellow Mountains by myself.
I am not sure if this kind of operation is known all over the world, but it is relatively common in Japan, at least by name.
The advertisements of LASIK say that we can regain our vision drastically on the same day of the operation and that it is not necessary to be hospitalized.
easy for an operation to regain one's vision.
operation should be much more difficult and complicated, and to tell you the
However, after the operation,
I have more than 1. 5 vision in both eyes and I can see anything without contacts
So I determined that in this new year I will start to study English all over again (abreast with Polish in earnest)??.
When I went to a restaurant for dinner with my wife, I felt tired because the streets were crowded, maybe everyone was busy.
On Valentine's day, I was very happy because I ha a sweet time with my wife, but I was very frustrated when we went out.
After breakfast I went to the library and did some studying there.
However, I am really worried about the people who lives in the severely damaged area.
It is very sad for me that the university entrance ceremony was canceled.
I have many friends who are going to the same university,
and we all felt disappointment that we couldn't have the ceremony.
I want to teach science.
So, after I graduate from college, I'll earn money to go abroad.
However, I often choose the opposite of the function I want.
Fortunately, my teacher gave us a 2800m run, but that wasn't easy.
I saw many donation boxes everywhere in New York.
Actually, I like the characteristics of this man so much, I have been watching his program since I was fifteen years old.
But I went out to a parent's association meeting at elementary school that my son
Because I pushed some children away who were playing with snow in front of it.
So, I study and train in my imagination now.
I drank tea a lot, because in every house you were offered tea and if you refused they could be offended:))
A herd of horses walked through the village, how there told (?), because many mosquitoes and flies were in the forest in this year.
One day, I had a sore throat.
Now, I can't breath by my nose.
By the way, I watched the TVdrama ``soredemo bokuwa ikiteyuku``.
But, the rating is low.
In Japan, there is always both iced and hot coffee.
The second day in the new semester.
Today is my second day of the semester.
I am taking Business English, Financial Management, Statistics and Intermediate Accounting.
What a cruel teacher.
``If you pay attention what I am teaching, you will not fail this course, and you should practice it after class,`` said the terrible teacher.
All over the world, people other than English speakers used to learn English in school.
so what language does English study in school?
I'm trying a new product from Suntory, ALL-FREE.
This is beer without alcohol.
believe how stupid I was, I hate myself. How could I fall for such a
It is heated by electricity.
He said ``an allergic reaction to metal is almost always caused by cobalt and nickel. She should avoid contact with accessories that are plated with cobalt or nickel.``
because I would like to go to the USA to study in the future. I want to goin 3 to 5 years so I am starting to prepare now.
I played tennis with my friends.
We played tennis together.
In the afternoon, we're going to Night safari park by taking a bus until 10: 30PM
So I can gain weight easily.
it needs a racket and a ball,
as well as the instructor too.
I could swim faster than last month.
I like here very much because I can make so many foreign friends that I dreamed for a long time. And the most important is that I can improve my English.
They want to make student have more interests and abilities in other areas.
As for me, I chose Film Appreciation. The most important reason for this was I find it interesting, I like watching movies, and I'm a couch-potato.
Leonard and Sheldon have two close friends, Raj and Howard.
I don't know if my recording sounds strange because of it or because of my pronunciation.
Some residents couldn't understand how important we separate garbage and recyclable wastes.
The garbage in the recyclable waste container had rotten and attracted flies.
An apartment's maintenance personnel came to fix the problem promptly.
The second, women workers likely to quit their job because of child care or the transfer of ther husbands.
Though there are many women workers who have excellent potential, employers often hesitate to hire them.
My hobbies is playing teniss, listening music and spekaing english in a compettitive debate.
In a word, I love my hometown no matter if it has developed fully yet or not.
Lunch break
Every Wednesday, my friend and I practice soccer for about 2 hours after work.
I'm not happy right now, I don't know why, and I don't want to cry, but it's difficult to stop my tears. This is really embarrassing, but if you have a girl that you love, you shouldn't say this to her.
I'm sorry, I know we are just friends, so I'll never say that again.
One of my coworkers treated me to it!
Random topics
If I had many money I would travel to the summer country ^ ^
I remember that..
Polamalu was tackled by his hair.
``Thank you for your time yesterday!
And I didn't know that they would be such good guys.
Because I shifted to a big bag for carrying my laptop and forgot to take my wallet.
Taiyaki is very famous in Japan, so we never think about people who don't know of/ about Taiyaki.
I went to the funeral and my classmate came to me and expressed her thanks.
I want to eat something delicious, something yummy, something that will be a real pleasure, maybe chinese food, maybe japanese food or maybe other Asian food!!
because (because) the test season (is) over.
It was held in Jingu Stadium where professional baseball games are usually played.
Roppongi's ``Keyakizaka Illumination``
This photo is Roppongi's ``Keyakizaka Illumination``.
I read your corrections two hours ago during my English class.
and then he went to watch a professional soccer game in the evening.
on the shelf's in the afternoon on Tuesdays. I do this for two hours.
I plan to take part in three full marathon races (the first race will be held November 8th ``Shonan Internatioal Marathon``).
There were 3 Japanese, 1 Thai.
Since they knew I love reggae music, they took me to a reggae bar.
Strange to say.
Maybe if you are fighting with your girl/ boy friend, you turn it off.
self-introduction
My favourite activity is playing the piano, though I don't publicly perform.
It's my bad luck: I had just bought it a week ago...
He also said that nobody cares if I leave food on a plate.
It is a normal thing, but today we sold dishes at cheaper prices than usual.
Anyway, I just hope the victims can pull themselves together and let the people who care about them help them through this difficulty.
You just had 3 or 4 minutes to prepare for it.
But the main idea was I would be in charge of the family's finance if I got married.
(what I ordered was similar to bread, I don't remember the name of it now.)
It is the title of the jazz album which now I am listening to.
My favorite Japanese jazz musician, 'Issei Igarashi' plays the trumpet.
I was suprised how tolerant my class and school is.
Actually, it happened to me once.
I came here to watch a presentation about doing a graduation thesis, to ask the clerks a few questionsabout scholarships and about returning to school because now I'm not attending school.
A: I met my customer at Tamachi.
I have gone into 9th year and I must pass four exams at the end of this school year (these will be in June).
japanese traditional cake
Now, railroad stations have Automatic ticket gates.
If there is no problem with the ticket, the passenger can go through.
My friend often suffered from heavy coughs.
He told me how he was surprised at his doctor's comment.
because he didn't tell his doctor that he had a hamster in his room.
A hamster came to my house in a delivery box with a seal.
``This package is very fragile and don't throw it.``
It was called ``chew-chan`` from my friend.
I thought chewchan was male. (My friend didn't tell me that.)
He said ``Hamsters like being alone. They need their own territory.
She lives a nice mansion and has another house and eats nice food.
He got some popularity for his talent to learn foreign languages.
Even if some visitors drink some purification water despite the warnings not to drink or gurgle it at the water basin which is for washing their hands and rinsing their mouths for purification.
I recommend the ``hureai no hiroba``.
It's not exactly freedom because I've already enrolled in some courses and competitions, so I'll be busy. But at least I'll be doing something onmy own will.
I have carried on/ lived a peaceful life as a family man so far but there is one big problem here; what will happen when I find sophisticated ladies in my work environment?
His one of my best friends.
Here's the kind of radio program that he made.
We recorded it in Japanese, It 'svery natural, high speed and strong accent from the western area of Japan.
I ate tofu and scallops at lunch.
I usually buy an English newspaper once or twice a week.
Actually, marathon events bring back my bad memories from when I was a junior high school student.
There must be thousands of reasons why you want to learn Japanese, and it seems not only a few people were led by Anime or Manga to start learning Japanese.
Here, I introduce a website called ``Japanese in Anime& Manga``
This website, pronunciation of lines are very good.
and I prefer to see a variety of clouds on the blue sky.
after that I cannot imagine how good the food will taste at the barbeque compared to having dinner at home.
That's why some parts are sharp, inclined and zigzagged, and it seems curious.
This morning I had two spoons of honey like Pooh bear.
They were very delicious.
I was so sleepy.
I think meeting my friend is a good opportunity.
I would like to master English, and my dream is watch movies in English without subtitles and make many foreign friends.
They saved my life during a period of great frustration in my teens. A huge crowd of people got extremely excited cause the dream finally turned into reality after many years of yearning and longing.
But I want to ask them; why don't you pay more attention to their songs which have given strength and hope to our people?
All I know is to let the politics roll.
We still don't want to leave the college yet.
I went the library with him, but I forgot the library card.
He said to me, 'I really want to borrow the books, let's return home and get the card.'
We returned home and went back to the library again.
Thus, I've joined this community at Lang-8 to output things to improve my English and communication skills.
Nobody can infringe on their rights.
My parents never force me to do anything, they even negotiate with medicine haha so I know that the decision is mine.
I like deodorizer
I went to look for a deodorizer at the drugstore.
There are many deodorizers there so I couldn't find what I wanted to get it.
I wanted to get made in America but they didn't have it.
I hadn't used Dreamweaver for half a year, it was hard to remember how to use it.
However I can't talk to anyone in English on Skype at the office.
Besides when I get home from work, it's midnight in the United States.
I think I can get over the difficulty.
This is my first day at Lang-8, I found Lang-8 in a forum, people suggested joining Lang-8 if we wanted to improve our English.
We can post a diary here, if our grammar/ words are used incorrectly, someone can point out our mistake and give us some advice.
I was baffled and said ``No, no I'm not...``
Even though I know I paid much money to take a class, after I lost interest to study in school, I don't feel like going to school at all.
3 months already passed, and I'm still having a hard time understanding what my house family says to me.
Although it seems a kind of poison, it must be a medicine; it is alcohol.
Some people believe drinking alcohol is not good for their health.
According to a health research institute, drinking has a positive effect on health.
While one drinks alcohol, they should be able to express inner thoughts that are usually not expressed.
However, people can get these kind of negative effects only when they exceed a moderate amount of alcohol.
When focusing only on the health effects of alcohol, there are no bad effects if one does not exceed their limit to accept alcohol
Consequently, expanding blood vessels and eliminating depression, which are healthy effects, can be brought about by drinking alcohol.
``Nadeshiko`` Japan, the Japanese women's soccer team, won the World Cup championship..
I was so excited and proud of the Japanese spirit that didn't give up in the disadvantageous situation.
I expect the Japanese men's soccer team to win the World Cup championship next.
Good night, everybody!!
A few seconds later, I understood what they meant, they were asking for a handkerchief.
After all, Kikuchi couldn't shout at the opposing team.
I was even at the railway station in order to go to the university (or: school) library.
My parents and my grandma were disappointed in my failure.
My grandma cried.
I am worried about it.
He just said ``If you are interested in this story, please search Wikipedia or something...``.
And I really like the handsome middle aged Chinese teacher:)
Chinese has nearly no honorific expressions and the grammar is actually very simple.
I want to learn about the English language.
(Actually they are about vegetarian diet and environment.
There's a lot a lot a lot a lot of reasons why vegetarian diets can help Earth,
I hope tomorrow will be warm...
so the only way is. to continue working.
I have not studied English lately.
I don't want to be in this rut because I don't want to forget the English I have learnt up until now.
Yesterday, I had to go to some building to take part in a briefing session.
There will be less of my friends in the univeristy, because some of them have already graduated.
Akihabara is full of computer professionals.
Most men judge a book by its appearance, however; most women normally follow their feelings.
Actually, I don't like doing this, but I have to do it.
Sometimes Ido n't have an explicit way of doing this.
I would appreciate if someone corrects my English or gives some advice.
This movie is very interesting.
Thank you reading my journal.
I traveled to the western part of Korea, Kanghwa Island last weekend.
I watched TV anime with a friend.
I have to get accustomed to my new life without the habits formed before.
I've already perceived that I must get rid of this condition as soon as possible.
Yet, easier said than done.
I'm just a little nervous.
Is English the language that will change my attitude, my personality, and my life?
at almost 5 a. m. young men don't get up that early though.
I'm helpless from second smoking.
It was difficult to understand what they were saying, because they were speaking British English.
(I feel like it has been longer than it actually has.) I have gradually come to understand that it is not a complicated movie, from what my host family was saying.
I was really shocked that he killed a young woman in my town.
Today I'm talking about an Italian restaurant.......
I went to Saizeriya, an Italian restaurant with my friends, do you know it?
It's very cheap and delicious, for example milan style doria is only 299 yen (maybe about 3 $)! Almost all dishes are less than 500 yen!
I think Shogaki, a president of Saizeriya, is very clever because he always tries to put the price down and make it more delicious.
He has his own farms and grows vegetables there and uses them in his dishes.
Besides, from the farm to each restaurants, the vegetables are kept 4 degrees because the vegetables can keep freshness in 4 degrees.
He try so many different things to serve cheap dishes and make them more delicious!
But the problem is when I came back home.
And, as with most tours, this tour included a visit to a souvenir shop.
The shop clerk's sales talk was interesting.
I searched on an online auction in Japan, and today I bought a good one! It's lovely!
Oh, really I have to learn English and look for a school, but there are
It's the same every time, to choose something in life is hard every time for me.
Yeah writing is my weak point, even when I write in Japanese!
At first, three monkeys and a eagle conspired togather to oust the dust from Horton, and throw it away in the field of clover.
When a shriker made a sound together with the rest, though, they succeeded.
I should have studied more.
peppers (very important!), an egg, minced garlic (1/ 3 of tablespoon)
I just took my daughter to the kindergarten and now I am in my car, waiting to go to one of my clients in 15 minutes, which means I've got ten minutes to write something here.
Seven Eleven's Oden
S/ E's Oden is very delicious.
You shoud eat Oden with mustard and miso sauce.
It's very delicious.
Moist summer
finally, the moist summer comes to japan.
Japan's summer is more moist than other countries.
So, I think I don't hate moist summers.
9: 00-wrote a weekly report for my customer.
I am thinking about a hand blender as present.
I'll have to do my best.
I want to learn English because I like talking with foreigners.
My cold is disappearing quickly.
We played at the park by our condo and she seemed to have fun.
Thank you for everyone.
In the evening, I watched TV again and ate ``soumen`` (this is a type of japanese noodle, we often eat it in summer.) But it was out of date by more than one year, so it wasn't tasty.
I want to eat delicious ``soumen``!
I feel proud of my country because the popularity of Chinese means that my country is more popular and stranger.
I hope the learning of Chinese can continue.
I rewrite the medical information in Japanese.
I listened to his newest album 'the pursuit' many times.
We were not aware of the fact that this day has such a remark until it was over.
I cleaned up my room this morning because I'll be away for 3days.
I feel that summer is coming soon.
So far, there has been no contact with one of my friends since the earthquake.
Oh my god, I heard that this test will be very difficult. What should I do? How can I improve my English?
My grumbling.
The result is slightly surprising and bothers me, but I have an idea to solve the problem.
Therefore, today's diary is over.
Every time I cook it at home, I can see the sparking lights in my roommate's eyes.
What should I do?
In London I felt like a moron!
Trabajas en Tokyo?
Trabajo en una escuela de Ingles.
But my teacher said thathis house was very safe because there are a lot of guards and if prisoner escaped from the prison, they wouldn't come near his house.
We drank a lot of alcohol, talked and danced!!!
I'll visit Washington, New York, and California all within one week.
There's just one thing I'm worried about.
The next day, he entered another smaller hospital.
Is it a common thing in foreign companies?
How to write a good essay in integrated writing for TOEFL?
There are two types of writing, and one of them is integrated writing.
How do you write a good essay for the integrated writing section?
I always don't write enough words for it. (In ibt, the integrated writing requires at least 150 words.)
Or, do I not need to separate my paragraph?
Nagoya's subways are so complicated.
I was moved by her heartfelt visit.
When we arrived, on parking lot which was near start line, there were no cars!
I want to make a lot of friends!
Designers who can draw beautiful pictures on computers stronglytend to have such a personality.
I live in Fukuoka, south of Japan.
You might be wondering why we eat shrimp to live longer.
The back of boiled shrimp is similar to one of an elderly person.
Is that man lonely?
We have our own aerodrome and planes for practice by pilots, controllers and ANIS.
It will be a nice time.
I study psychology.
And one more thing that I wonder is where Japan's cold climate ranks in the world.
How about the climate where you live?
Also I want to increase my English vocabulary.
While I was riding a bicycle, I slipped and fell on the ground in the morning two days ago.
After he became professor, he has been struggling to change his department, and he is succeeded in many aspects.
After that, I went to a driving school so that I get a car license.
I believe Japan will never give up and always rise again.
There were so many competitors prepared to study Psychology.
And even I don't know which way I should go.
Recently, I found a new singer.
English makes me crazy;;
so I decided to go to an English academy.
It's not necessary to tell everyone that I was born today.
However, Thx Sun-zi for your birthday wishes. Sun-zi is a Korean lang-8 user I made acquaintance with here.
advocate>>
But I had the job today and of course tomorrow.
For the moment, I'm not sure if I will become a teacher, but I'm going to take this teaching course because I can gain experience from it ^ ^
I usually attend my English class once a week.
I wonder if writing journals will help me improve a little.
When I eat onigiri (a rice ball) which is purchased at convenience stores,
However, I want to at least greet my Chinese here in Chiense.
Now I practice Chinese pronunciation, but it's not very understandable because there are a lot of pronunciation rules like pin ying.
We Japanese use Kanji, so I sometimes understand the words 'meaning, but I can't pronounce them at all.
So he need a translator.
But I'm not a good translator.
My high school library has some MANGA books.
``20 Century Boy``, ``SLAMDUNK``, ``The other story of Kamui`` and so on.
I like MANGA just as much as novels or essays.
Yaki-onigiri is boiled (?) rice ball.
We can get them anywhere in Japan.
After the big quake in Japan, we have experienced a number of aftershocks.
My daughter's university graduation ceremony was suspended.
I am going to do a presentation in my english class next week.
Laughter is the best medicine
We enjoyed talking, having some snacks and drinks and laughing out a lot.
There were the words in today's English learning video 'Laughter is the best medicine.' That is to say, we all have the best medecine in us.
As for the site ``Lang 8``, to me it seems to be not only a good educational resource, but also a place where we can see other people's change.
While thinking that nobody here knows them, people write about the smallest& most hidden parts of their daily routine, and while taking the first steps, they feel extreme& pure happiness even after the smallest victory...
I think Chinese can learn English better than Korean.
In this class I saw a very beautiful Chinese women.
I could tell my teacher what to say but I couldn't use perfect English.
It was really good opportunity to have a conversation with foreigners.
And I realized how convenient being able to speak English is!
At some point I want to think about it seriously.
It should be and also must be serious.
It's a story of two boys who adapt to the cruel world.
Even though I can't stand such things, this book is the best book I've ever read.
I learned that I can't do anything in a poor physical condition.
Yesterday I joined this Lang-8 website
So I created 3 (brand) new communities: Playstation3, Japanese sports cars, and Plastic kit modeller.
It's lunch time:) My mother made me a lunch and it included a deep-fried pork cutlet but I think she forgot to put sauce on it: '(Haha!
I just finished the other of my assignment.
It always takes an incredible lot of time for me to get my assignments done.
I will go shopping at a mall, because it is cooler there than it is in my room.
So I can say it that it's a totally ridiculous habit.
I think particularly it works well to make it easy to bring up phlegm.
So this is a ridiculous superstition in Japan, I can say.
I just registered here, tonight, but I have already found out/ discovered that this is really an awesome place. I used to find it so difficult to practice my bad Japanese, but on here, just 5 minutes after putting up/ publishing my first Japanese entry, runtyan has revised my article in detail.
I'll come tomorrow early!
I do not have enough confidence to accomplish it well, but I want to do my best.
study with her so I tried to go but I did not reach there im just half of the way I am lost and then I decided to take the sky train to go there then I just realize that my motorcye do not has any lock so I cannot leave it anywhere around.
Um, I have a question.
After work yesterday I went to a nearby movie theatre.
The theatre was crowded with a lot of movie lovers, as it was just after the announcement of the Award.
The Chinese hospitality
My body clock seemed to be malfunctioning.
By the way, I'd like to write about an elementary school located in Toyosato city.
They came to a win-win situatio by deciding to build a new school in front of the old one.
The school parking lot is filled with a car decorated with a Kei-on character.
Why do the Otaku who like Kei-on go to this school? Because the old school in Toyosato city resembles the school in Kei-on.
An expert in Japan who specializes in Japanese subculture said 'cities will thrive by using animation character should become commonplace'.
Because in the neighboring lane someone was learning to swim from a trainer, so the trainer saw me trying to learn the hips motion.
And then we went to the street stalls and got some festive food like Takoyaki and Ikayaki:)
Actually I faded a little cuz now I'm drinking a tequila.
I'm not sure whether I heard it correctly or not.
Please check the following sentence to see whether it's right or not.
I went to an English Cafe yesterday =D
Before I sent a e-mail I have to show my e-mail draft to our boss to check it.
Then I went to a beautiful bakery.
I bought some bread.
Er trinkt gern Bier.
Er hat kurze schwarze Haare und schwarze Augen.
Meine Mutter ist Hausfrau.
Sie hat lange braune Haare und schwarze Augen.
Er ist achtzehn Jahre alt.
Er spielt gern Videospiele.
Er hat kurze schwarze Haare und schwarze Augen.
Meine Familie wohnt in Hyougo, aber ich wohne in Shimane.
Meine Familie wohnt in einem Haus, aber ich wohne in einem Apartment/ in einer Wohnung.
He is forty-nine years old.
She is forty-four years old.
My younger brother is a high school student.
Anyway I still want to make full use of this website and keep practising writing here.
So I decided to use English at this page.
I follow power blogger, so I got some nice information from the blog.
Do you understand what this stupid sentence means?
With my Boss
Last time, I wrote about my first choice of a future job, in the movie industry, especially in advertising.
It is so complicated to remember everything!!
I had been kind of lazy in Februrary because I chilled with my friends, drinking, and singing karaoke.
A new twitter account
Thank you very much:)
Certainly, nuclear energy is very dangerous,
since Japan relies on nuclear power for much of its electric supply.
So younger people in Japan should have more interest in these problems or
What do you think about nuclear power plants?
I must study English harder!!
I decide to study a little more.
NO wonder there may be other solar systems like ours somewhere in space... anyway this movie gets me to think about a very romantic story about the universe.
It's worth seeing.;)
So, I took a walk for 30 minutes almost every day for 3 months.
I am so happy to join here. I want to practice my
If I were a player on his team with him, I would assist him.
Since my school parking is really bad and in the morning it is so hard to find parking space, people always ask you if you are about to leave when you walk inside.
I don't mind answering their questions, but I was bothered by their reaction when they heard me say I was not leaving.
Now I'm drinking a can of beer at home, because the presentation was finished finally!!!
The tempura today was prawn and mushroom.
This mushroom is called ``Maitake`` in Japan.
I happend to read a magazine I found in my club room.
I received the glasses there.
We used to study at the same school for a long time. She is older than me by 2 years.
We lovers of martial arts cannot, in today's democratic world, use our technique in our daily lives.
Tomorrow my nephew should go to school to register to study for another grade because he finished the patum <--? 5 and is going to patum 6.
Anyway he was still not calm, he turned and watched me move frequently.
After I had finished cutting his hair.
He really became shy and came to ask me to do it again..
And I'm interested in dance (a little) and blogging. ~ ~ lol..
Watashino Ohashi desu
Kore ha watashino ohashi desu:) Ohashi wo tukau noga suki desu.
Today I received my first correction in Lang-8.
Our class is making a presentation of ocarina performance next Saturday.
She gave me many souvenirs!!
Because I think she misses Japanese food.
I usually write in a diary in Japanese, but it's the first time for me to wtrite it in English.
I totally agree woth the author of that article
but most Korean cannot speak English fluently,,
but,, when we face with foreigners..
they were fluent speakers.. and they were also enthusiastic about English...
Happy New Year!
listening test
Today I want to try a listening test with ``Man in the box`` From youtube.
I'm not sure how many of you guys know this short video.
Greg: the Japanese number puzzle game
Jim: No I mean, about me whining to you
-------------------change scene-----
Jim1: I just I miss her you know, like yesterday would've been our seven and a half month anniversary.
The ShangHai Knights came on TV.
------------------return to the original scene----------
Jim: Ok, I guess I've been a little preoccupied with her.
so what is it today Jim?
What sad little piece of information do you want to share with me about your ex-girlfriend that I dont give a shix about it because you're a pathetic losser that can't let go you twat.
Jim: Call you twelve times a day ~ ~ I think that's perfectly ok ~ ~ you dont answer anymore ~ did you change number you cheating whore ~
thanks in advance for your guys 'corrections.
Thanks for the comments on my previous diary.
I discovered the name of my illness.
We have regional map, but not a global map, even if we didn't count the number.
I am going to write my diary in English.
The title was ``CASE CLOSED``, which is a Japanese story.
The true love between vampire and human beings moves me and I always look forward to watching ``New moon``.
I'm writing this entry for you.
News about the earthquake is reported from morning to night everyday.
Fortunately, I live in an area where there is no damage.
But I think my English skills will improve by studying abroad.
Yesterday, after a ridiculous class in which we talked about what a second grade student can teach (us) about leadership, I tried to go home.
Then a girl spoke to me and asked what the Korean homework was, because she was absent.
Free time& favorite movie
I often go shopping in my free time because I live by myself.
In addition, I often read books.
My favorite movie
However, they become gradually fascinated by jazz.
Then if you become uprooted, you feel unsettled. ``
Today, staff members were told by the personnel department that if we ever had a problem, we should take it up with our supervisors.
in the foreign country, what u gave to a girl or a boy?
There are two professors in my laboratory
Today, one of my lab members gave a presentation at his defense (?).
Who is the most popular pop star in the US?
Recommend me someone!
Whenever I try to record something, something has to interrupt me: the phone rings, the door bell rings or the cat meows.
Each time I start recording the cat is stuck with me in the room and wants to get out and when I get her out of the room she meows because she wants to get in.
During the holiday, I tried to return to Japan. But company denied my request as I am now working in Beijing as a trainee.
As I have no friends in Beijing and came here by myself, I wonder how I will spend one week!
But, today, I enjoyed the beautiful eary fall.
On the 4th floor, we will have a cinema room and a karaoke room.
Perhaps, some people would like to vote for building a factory simply on economic grounds that a large factory will probably bring about a prosperous future to the area around.
She chose a grey one at first, but I advised her to choose thered one.
But recently I change the// my// opinion.
This week the Japanese telephone company ``au`` announced the release of a new series of cell phones.
Both of them are very talkative so we talked all the time.
I wonder whether I should write about it, but I decided to because I just want someone to listen to it.
I couldn't catch his saying completely, but he told another person and laughed, ``Wow, someone is talking Japanese!``
After several hours of reflective though, I kind of reached a conclusion that I should never try to be hostile to him and I would keep my doors open for him, for him to come back to me as someone I felt the best spending time with.
The weather is unstable and the sun goes away sometimes.
Yesterday I was supposed to join the Job Fair in Zhong guan cun, but unfortunately I felt lightheaded, drowsy, dizzy, nauseated, unusually tired, and I began to think I'd been infected with H1N1.
After supper I hurried up go to the drugstore and buy a themometer. Thank goodness my temperature was within normal range.
He went out with 23 women, so he has a lot of knowledge and experience.
If I kept a kitty cat, I wish her to lay on my PC like the following picture.
Very strong men attacked bad men.
He likes to watch K1 and boxing.
To begin with, in my reading, a successful career is associated with how well-off people are.
Whereas, the professor states that students should decide their major before taking a wide variety of general education courses.
Consequently, the professor maintains that when you find employment, you should be careful of how the vocation fits your interest.
My Lab work
If someone can explain the meaning of these sentences, I'd really appreciate it.
It is light, it has big blinds/ curtains, it is reversible, and
Two Australian men opened the bar, so most of clients are foreigners.
I think that maybe it is not only about different, it is a complicated issue.
Ok, I think this method is good for beginners, you can get an understandable pronunciation, and some basic knowledge if you want to travel to the country soon.
Please feel free to add me to your friend list in Lang 8 ^ ^ I welcome everybody.
The reason I am busy is that I am learning sign language.
However I can't communicate with deaf people.
Why do you think that we can't communicate with such people?
I want to try to talk with such people.
When I was a student in France, I was surprised that a lot of people there came from several foreign countries.
In Japan it is not like that but there are more and more foreigners here.
It is one of my reasons for studying English.
Representative high school teams from each of Japan's 47 prefectures compete at Koshien Stadium in Kansai area.
Although I tried to not eat sweets everyday, my homestay family eats desserts after every supper> <
When I watch comedy shows I'm not really able to understand what they say because there are no subtitles so I can't understand the English without subtitles well.
Are there often celebrities who have funny voice or do they change their voice on purpose a little?
Though when necessary (under pressing circumstances), they never fail to be short of money for basic necessities, rather than letting the expense become an obstacle for me.
I earn pocket money by doing part-time jobs.
What do people usually talk about when they have no topics for a chat or when they need to keep up the conversation?
Unfortunately, in my country it is, in contrast, very hot and dry in summer and very cold and frosty in winter.
The weather forecast promised it would be much cooler tomorrow
It's going to start in 30 minutes.
I hope all my friends onLang-8 who live in japan are all safe.
I hope all Japanese are safe and sound.
I was there for a week for a business meeting.
I am coming back home from Narita airport by bus now.
Yesterday I took part in this Lang-8 and wrote the first journal.
And I thought, ``There are so many jounals here, it must be impossible to get someone who can help me.
Evidently the winter is coming today.
I answered ``I'm thinking of enrolling in this school. Could I have a trial lesson to help me to decide?``
Actually it's not always raining, but the air has the sense of rain.
Why, why on earth have you made me so incapable of concentrating?
I had actually contacted him many times, so I may have got him down.
But from today forward, I will try to write a journal every day in lang-8 because I will start a job next spring, April 1st.
On the other hand, I can understand recorded English dialogue& nbsp; when I listen to it.
So I will write my diary with the ``Look`` or ``Look like`` I learned.
Depending on the outside ingredients and the shapes of them, the name changes to things like 'Daifuku', 'Monaka', 'Taiyaki', 'Taiko-yaki', and so on.
They are not at home now
I am staying at home with my uncle, even though I wanted to stay alone.
He is the husband of my second aunt.
He asked me ``Would you like to eat chicken for lunch?``
In korea, chicken stores sell chicken with cola.
Hello my friends, this is my first time here.
You are welcome to make friends with me.
Recently, I started skateboarding.
I want to improve my skateboarding more.
I want more time to practice skateboard.
Hello. My name is Kim Dong Hyuk
But I don't like Harry Potter.
I think that Harry Potter is childish.
(I meant the Harry Potter translated into Korean sound very childish)
see you soon
Since I could not get the pronunciation of Kanji instantly, it meant I took a lot of time for reading and understanding the meaning of a sentence.
I have got a very interesting book from my brother, sweets from my parents and friend, a pineapple from my class tutor and a lot of wishes from colleagues.
Although I'm happy, I'm also very worried because the school districts around here are not hiring at all.
Reports and presentations are waiting for me.
Introducing myself
I tweet only in English, so I can study.
So I spend 10 minutes doing one tweet.
I have to repair it, so I need more than 20 thousand yen, probably.
Next exam is July.
I am writing now by cellphone though it is difficult to write...
If it's sunny out today, I will go to the park to go running/ tanning and stretch.
It's way too short but that's all for this morning.
Some of the victims can't get enough food because roads were broken by the earthquake and tsunami and the amount of food is too low for all of the victims.
Of course, the Japanese government and other organizations are trying to help with the food supply, but it is difficult because of these reasons:
This problem's news is bigger than the earthquake's damages.
Nuclear power plants were damaged by the earthquake and tsunami.
The Japanese government and Japan Self-Defense Forces are trying to reduce damage of the radioactivity.
Remember, the nuclear power plant is a power plant for Fukushima, that is the place that was given the biggest damage by the earthquake and tsunami.
ORION brewer had manufactured their products only in Okinawa prefecture before, but now they made a business tie with ASAHI, so we can buyORION beer at supermarkets and alcohol shops.
Today, there is a very interesting shogi game between shogi software and Ms. Ichiyo Shimizu, who is the best woman player of shogi.
He is a student who has participated in our Dojo.
Furthermore, we need your cooperation please.
It was 40 degrees Celcius and meteorologists haven't stopped to announce fall of temperature every week.
By the time we talk about food we were hungry so we went
to Korean restaurant near my work.
Third, well cooked barley with soy paste soup. Fourth he bought out rice,
Q. groud beef steak, fried fish, egg soup. Five more side dishes came with it.
We had a great time, and we left our stress at the restaurant.
I was moved when I listened to his performance.
Yesterday, when I had to go to school by bike, the thermometer registered-15 Celsius!
And just like every mum does, she pointed out my stubbornness.
Although it's cold, I really enjoy watching the white landscape just like I'm doing now with a cup of hot chocolate, yummy yummy!
^____ ^ Screw you summer, hot chocolate rules!
I am a beginner.
Could these advances in technology also cause some problems?
December 30, 2010
Korea, depending on the contents of the diplomatic negotiations.
After that, I rented a DVD and went home.
I said ``Of course``
There were no LAN connection in the room, so I had no choices to use internet
I went to the language school.
There were many Japanese student there, they will graduate with a strong academic background.
I was ready to study painting with kids in the 1st grade.
There are many cultural facilities, like a concert hall, movie theaters, department stores, an ice rink, football stadium, shopping mall and two parks.
I talked with a friend in Texas with Skype this morning.
They try to get a summary of the candidate.
The candidate, is usually asked to speak English by the foreign-invested companies.
I will separate between what I need and what I don't need.
Help with my house's agriculture, rice planting and harvesting cherries.
He stood there for 10 minutes and he held the piss in.
Today, I went to a concert in which my previous English teacher played.
Firstly, The Beatles has ``opened`` up for me the magical world of the rock-n-roll.
I think that it's possible, and as John Lennon said: ``You may say that I'm a dreamer, But I'm not the only one.
Even when I'm in an awful mood, their music makes me smile, and I'm very happy that they have such an influence on me!
When I saw the terrifying tsunami that destroyed houses, bridges and roads, I was shocked.
:(Anyway, I have to concentrate on his class and write down what he says in the next class.
I was curious to know why they made it like look like a fallen leaf from the beginning.
When time passes, from spring to autumn, the wakaba becomes momiji which means red or yellow leaf in Japanese.
I was going to write in my diary about my cute female friend but I changed my mind, because I had heard a rumor about her and it was a terrible shock to me, so I couldn't write anything.
It's a little roundabout out of the way but really nice, I can choose from 3 supermarkets to buy something and there are 2 movie theaters.
I thought it was a little expensive in the auction for me (but it was too very inexpensive compared to the real price).
We would say ``I go to school`` if we were outside of school.
If they were with you, you would say ``go to school``. (In English?)
I clip my nails regularly so I don't know the reason of holes.
I felt a serious ideal and belief from his speech.
The following sentence is in the present passive voice:
The company promised to give 40 yen for each day. Half a year has past, the money has not been given, so I am disappointed with the comany.
Almost all week, I thought of preparing spicy chicken wings on the weekend.
We read on the Internet a lot of different recipes for chicken wings, and went to the store to buy food.
We made a honey mustard marinade from honey, common mustard, french mustard, spices, soy sauce, salt, and garlic.
We put the wings in this marinade for 2 hours.
We are eating the delicious chicken wings right now, drinking light beer and tomato juice, and watching the movie ``Uoll-street`` with Shia LaBeouf, Michael Douglas and Carey Mulligan.
This paragraph is my model answer for my OPI test.
The exhibition of Fernando Botero has been there since July.
The first exhibition I voluntarily attended to appreciate art works, not for a mandatory school field trip, was in 1999.
Two girls and one boy.
Why don't you tell me what you want me to do? ``
Well, obviously there is no stand-by drink for tomorrow, can't you see that?? ``
I should go there because I want to graduate without hindrance.
Everybody likes her!!
I hope she has a fantastic day!!!!!!!!
he has two personalities OR double personality.
he always gives me helpful advice.
and I assist my professor with performing an ultrasound during an operation.
I'm looking forward to knowing my second impression of this book.
So I've decided to make a list of questions that could be helpful for both teachers and students.
Actually I always preferred Damon to Stefan.
I'm so glad that I know more than I knew then!
It is sunny today, so we are walking in the park this afternoon.
This year the topic was ``Should the Japanese government authorize the system of casino gambling?`` Each team had two battles, and the rankings were determined by the scores the judges gave.
In addition, there was, for example, the argument ``after the plan Korean casinos wouldgo bankrupt and many Koreans would lose their jobs because 70% of such casino's customers are Japanese.``
Debating is too difficult for a freshman to do alone.)
The first book begins with a guy called Arthur Dent, who wakes up and sees lots of bulldozers in front of his house.
I don't how it works but I am writing my first diary.
I ate more than 15 dishes, so I became full.
He told about his homeland's history and answered people's questions.
I am going to Germany to study Electrical Engineering from October to January.
And in the town, I have to speak German.
I love German and English so much.
I sometimes watch this forest on TV and in magazines.
To understand the meaning of the commands from our boss exactly.
I have just finished applying for Working Holiday Visa in Australia!!!
I went to Chibi Canada.
I'm going to participate in a Zombi Walk on Saturday, downtown.
We prepared for the Zombi Walk.
We cut some clothes to mimic Zombis.
My students enjoyed it.
Too many extra curricula's chosen by their parents will inevitably take up the kid's time and change their nature.
because I haven't finished writing my resume yet.
I'm so tired, because the night before, I slept only 3 hours or so.
My best friend and I haven't seen each other since Halloween,
It was awesome!!
It was really fun, but I got drunk and I had to practice danceing.
I have to write about something I like internationally, but I have no idea how to write it.
([Recently* OR* Astonishingly] google has released Google Chrome...)
The process is surprisingly easy if you understand its frameworks.
The gaps are being spreading in the point of costs and individual capability according to '' The World is Flat. ''
Whenever I head down to the station, I can see many blood center workers on the street shouting
My first log.
I thought so, but I chose this nickname.
In the future, I want to work making steel.
He swiped a bottle of vodka from his family's shelf.
The vendor's headquarters are in Europe.
I want to help martha, but I cannot fiund the correction set in this system.
Of course he is the most popular ~ in the world.
and thanks a lot that you taught me
At first I chose it because it's only for women and that makes me comfortable.
circular exercise!! ``
I work at an elementary school in France.
I don't have much faith in my ability to remember so much professional vocabulary.
Because I couldn't achieve my target IELTS score.
Japanese are killing themselves approximately at the rate of 35000 people every year.
I think the root of this problem is that Japanese companies have a traditional style.
Exhausted people can't talk with someone, although they want to explain/ reveal their troubles.
Is this right?
It was about 'Racialism of South Africa'.
I forget what its name was, anyway there were a lot of foreigners, especially Americans who have studied Japanese.
Many foreigners know very difficult kanji, including some ones even most of the Japanese wouldn't know.
What's more they know old-fashioned and obsolete grammatical knowledge. The site gave me new information on japanese.
So I found out that learning too much detailed grammatical information or memorizing innumerable words is not very effective to master a foreign language
What I would like to say is that territory issues like that are occurring between many countries, such as between Vietnam and China, India and Pakistan, Israel and Palestine, and so on.
I saw a 3D movie on Saturday.
but also it makes me miss America so much.
We ate delicious dishes/ foods and talked about our own dreams.
Onjyuku in Chiba is a very beautiful place, blue sea, white beach.
To pass the Korean summer, we definitely need these things.
The following is the ps that I wrote for my cousin, please give me a hand to correct it.
But I am going to visit the grave tomorrow.
But he is also charming and has a great ability to diagnose sickness.
However, I have to admit that the festival is so fantastic, it's worth enduring all that trouble.
At the park, I found thata lot of ``tsukushi`` hadgrown.
(Tsukushi is called horsetail in English.)
I remember her teachingme asI tried to cook tsukushi.
There are two important preparationsfor tsukushi food.
1: Remove the ``hakama`` (It is acalys, inedible part).
2: To remove strong bitterness, boil or put in cold water for 10 minutes.
I stir-fried tsukushi and Rape Blossoms.
I thenseasoned itwithsalt and pepper.
unbelievably fat...
While I was choosing some books for my children, one of the books caught my eye.
I take an English-lesson on a web site every day, and I gradually became interested in the Philippines because that is where my teachers are from.
I'm currently reading the book, and I'd like to spend some more time discussing things related to the Philippines or Japan.
I read some of the messages my friend sent to me on hotmail.
90% said when a woman has long hair because it is easy to pull her hair
70% said they change their mind if, before they are going to injure a woman, she sees them and asks ``Sorry, what time is it?``
He recommended rice noodles and beef fried rice.
It's a story about a girl going abroad, who is taken hostage by an international terrorist organization.
St-Pierre has been practicing karate since he was 6 years old and respects Japan, so he wears a Japanese headband during the entrance before his match.
My family had a student from Germany since August
Today, she was supposed to move to another host family.
which is so/ very impressive.
I also pay the security deposit and brokerage which is equivalent to one month's rent.
I bought a new English book ^ ^
To study English is a lot of fun!
I want to study English more and more
But I don `t have much time to study English and German
I began Lang-8,
because I want to speak, listen and write in English.
I had a dream about a woollen scarf at that time.
My dad watches tv and my mom sleep in morning!
But they also have tried to grow a lot of vegetables for themselves in their farm.
It was big, beautiful, and had a perfect shape.
We would always go to dinning room of our college school (because it's very close to our company) but recently, our boss wants to have lunch with us, and I feel very uncomfortable, we cannot talk about anything like before.
Because I want to study Pharmacy after that.
Please correct some of the presentation/ some sentences.
What a beautiful Cherry Blossom
She is very cute.
It was more growing than I throught because she is mix of
regret: I regretted to call her such a cruel words.
govern: In the ancient times, Rome was governing all of the world.
bend: I will not bend my opinion even though all the people here are opposed to it.
I'll start learning English again.
I'm very busy, so I stopped learning English 3 months ago.
Today is great. For the first time I met a cool lady. I'm so excited.
Could you explain the difference between the meanings of the words above?
Are there any differences?
Teaching is Learning
^ ^ I believe that the learners can help each other and can make more progress for themselves.
Just rotating and browsing itself is really enoyable.
I would like to develop my vocabulary and learn to speak, at least, the english that people are speaking every day.
The friendship was beautiful and maybe his friend assisted the goal, I thought...
One of villains, Griff also said it to his grandpa.
But he only said the same words more loudly.
In some other cities (like Milan and Naples) the winner hasn't been decided, yet: the two candidates who gained most of the votes are going to ``fight`` for two more weeks, at the end of which there will be a new vote.
She calls me ``my clone`` because weresemble each other so much. For example, when we go to the museum and look around and ask each other, ``What paintings do you like?`` We choose the same paintings.
LOL, I was superman at that moment!
I told him one of them was cheap, so I skipped the explanation of the two companyies and their cards.
Firstly, because he is the most popular writer among teenagers, I'll ask him the secret to writing funny stories.
You know, he stopped studying regularly at the end of primary school.
I really want to know the secret.
terrible day
She always has courage to face every difficulty, but this she had to give up.
One of them is flexibility, the other one is positivity.
severe problems or are in a slump
One more of his good points is that he is extremely flexible; he tries to gain new
ideas from part time workers, trainees or whomever has good ideas.
words in front of the employees unless the company is in an affluent position.
His positive way can influence the employees obviously.
depends on the employees, because, if they do not work aggressively, the company
their problems nicely.
I think that a good supervisor should be flexible and positive.
keeping the workers 'thinking positively.
workers should
be flexible and positive too because without their cooperation, one good
supervisor could not change the company surroundings at all.
When I left my grandmother's house, she said softly, ``You can forget about the marriage.
I need think about my future separately.
I'm very happy because I've spring break until May 3rd!
In this time, each student doesn't have seminar and celebrates from morning until hmmm morning next day.
Today is last day of this fiscal year.
I'll go on a training camp of the Model United Nations this afternoon.
The advantages and/ or disadvantages of public transportation.
Firstly, public transpotation makes teenagers more independent from their parents, because when they take public transportation, they have to mind their good manners, like how to behave in the situation where other people are around.
Thus, the situation where they have to think how to behave by themselves improves their independence.
Secondly, let's consider public transportation's environmental effects.
Thirdly, public transportation makes traffic conditions comfortable because if many people use public transportation, people who drive cars will decrease and we can ease traffic jams.
However, when I was just about to leave home, the telephone rang.
We don't know which one to choose because there are so many beautiful pictures.
When I met them for the first time, I was so confused
others run around all the time even in formal ceremonies.
goodbye.
and creates a sustainable future on our own accord.
Hi, it's my first text on this page and I hope that this page help me learn my english.
I just started writing my journal in English every day.
Recently my class did pre-lessons to be a teacher.
But I want to be a teacher, and I want to make a good future for Japan.
I'm so happy have this terrace that I can learn language. My English is not very well, I hope other people can help me, I can teach your Chinese, we can help each other, could you?
Now, I am always going to a support company for studying in UK.
According to the IELTS module test, my IELTS score is about 5. 0 ~ 6. 0 overall.
I would like to go a UK university and major in Entrepreneurship or something related to Business.
We went hunting in Ixali Clearing after chatting.
ability.
Oh, my essay has been so long!
Thanks for reading my essay.
Please read my essay,,!
One day, she heard a funny rumor from a junior high school student who said ``There a cursed video tape at a campsite hut, and if one watches it, one dies after 7 days.``
Asakawa immediately decided to cover the story just out of curiosity.
As you can see, I suspended my diary again.
The keyboard layout changed for some reason.
For example, when I pushed ``k``, it typed ``2``!!
I tried many ways to solve this.
By chance, I pushed one key, ``NumLk,`` and the problem was easily solved...
I live downtown with Mexican friends now, but since they are going back to their country, I have to find a new apartment by the end of jun.
The owner is so kind but the problem is that she doesn't like the smell of meat, so she asked me not to cook meals with meat frequently.
Anyway, I have to complete packing until night.
He's a Saint Bernard, like the dog from ``Beethoven``.
These sentences say the same situation?
Thailand has a good relationship to China therefore the Panda were the good gift.
They invite the children and toursits who would like to visit Baby Panda and watch them playing with snow in that dome.
There was one more important purpose for going to this museum, which was the restaurant.
Every freshman in my university is assigned to study calculus, the subject at which I failed in the first year of my university life.
There continues to be illegal videotaping of movies in public movie theaters.
It was so impressive for me and I was shocked.
I thought it was much more sophisticated and attractive than that of the Japanese version even though PS3 is originally made in Japan.
I heard of ``Umbrella`` from recommendation songs at the cyworld which is a website in Korea and similar to Facebook in U. S.
If you know this kind of music, please recommend!
Say it again sung by Marie Digby
My student will challenge relatively advanced high schools.
But I think this music clip is good entertainment and a song I can describe as one that's really ``This is a Michael Jackson``.
Michael Jackson is the first America pop music star for me.
When situation got worse, my computer just freezed.
I am going to back-up my files and update the anti-virus software.
2 customers, and 3 stuffs including me, at bar my working place.
I will go to do ``karaoke`` with my friends.
Unbelievable! Who Are They? The Avatar
Put vanilla ice cream.
Hi, I'm Silver and I'm learning Japanese and English. I'm studying these languages because I want, someday, to spend some time in Japan and the USA.
Some people like a western style breakfast such as a piece of toast, scrambled eggs and a cup of coffee.
I made some English sentences with my friend.
There are many people with allergies in the world.
However, my sister can't eat those things, so my mother asked the teacher to give my sister treats without chocolate and peanuts that other children would also like.
I could find a convincing opinion.
Also my teacher advised me of following:
according to yesterday `s translation, boss correct them himself and praised me for a good job.
But, I can't write natural-sounding sentences in English nor can I speak it well.
My second son knows how to swim because he has already had lessons.
Afterwards, the hypothesis disappeared.
Every time I hear blood type character classification, I'm bored!
Practice makes perfect.
Everybody should buy Volvic!!!!
Last weekend I climbed Yuelu Mountain/ Mount Yuelu.
so I decided to do something to help my English.
that's why I joined ``Lang-8`` and started writing diary entries.
To make Ramen, we mix pork soup, oil, sauce, noodle, and some toppings.
Maybe I should find something interesting to do.
Still, I feel sorry for having to make them listen to my stumbling around in their
As a student studying Statistics, I agree with his opinion about the importance of statistics in our life.
Also some universities have a statistics department in the undergraduate and graduate level.
I like visit around there especially the sea side.
There is a water park by the sea and they have long slides.
My kids are looking forward to going to the water park.
It looks like a human physically.
He was astronomer and doctor in Middle Ages.
Poland in Middle Ages was much larger than it is presently.
He was first Polish pope.
English as a second language
Japanese and Koreans naturally have morebarriers to overcome because of the huge differences between English and their mother tongues, whichunlike Chinese, whose structure is somewhat similar.
Frustration is always followed in the quest to be perfect, particularly in learning a language where there is no clear finish line.
Astronomical sums of money has been invested on English education in Korea.
``I know many people who went to America at a very young age.
And their pronunciations and accents are just perfect. ``
I don't have the instict or intuition for English language. ``
My hobby is doing sports. As I love many kinds of spors, I have a muscular body.
Yesterdy I went to work part time and I taught swimming to children and gym trainers.
tomorrow, I will perform it in livehouse.
Japanese believes that the new Year God (Toshigami sama) also comes when new year comes.
This is the preparation for receiving new God.
It has some theory and it is very comeplex to explain in English.
It contained grammar, vocabulary, listening and reading sections.
Anyway, no mather how hard it is, I know I should get through this hard period of time all by myself.
I don't like the feeling of hanging around.
Maybe taking photos can be a nice choice.
Not only because of the bad environment in that city, but also because of my feeling of learning nothing there.
It seems ridiculous.
The Korean temperature will be sixteen degrees centigrade tomorrow.
Compared to the Japanese temperature, Korea is a little cold.
My condition is a little bad.
That sometimes stimulates my appetite.
Then, (after) arriving home, I ate a large breakfast,
See you! Good night!!
I decided that I will never take PINAIR.
NEVER!!!
Probably the hottest day of the year.
No, my entire life.
I like Yui and Azunyan,
Oops I'm Korean guy.
Youtube caption download
Today I have found that Youtube gives subtitles for some movies.
We count numbers starting at 1 and the person who said 30 will be the loser.
I think you can change this into a better explanation!
Recently, I'm learning not only jazz, but also hip-hop and lock.
It was very delicious!
And now I confuse English and Russian words!!_ It's terrible...........
I will visit Ho Chi Minh City and experience a Mekong river cruise.
I will study English hard every day!
Two days ago, a dog my girlfriend's family kept, Bell, passed away.
This happened as expected.
People who consider watches as a tool for timekeeping,
Everybody in our dormitory waited for them, decided to make it a suprise.
We had Mexican food for dinner, it was delicious for us.
English is very difficult.
to grapes, apples, pineapples, lemons, peaches, kiwis.
If I had an opportunity to eat fruits,
Recently,_ more and more people change their cell phones to smat phones.
I began to be worried.
I registered for this site, immediately.
Today I went to library and studied about various financial products like (/ such as) bonds or derivative financial instruments.
By the way, I am becoming a little nervous these days because of the pressure of job hunting, and I often feel lonely.
The group invites a foreigner to be an adviser once a month.
I was surprised when I received the corrections.
I'd like to continue writing my English diary.
first of all, I made korean soup which is for birth day soup, today was not anyone's birthday though, because its taste is great!!
There were also kimchi soup, Korean pancake, rice and kimchi which are all traditional Korean foods.
I decided to study English and Japanese yesterday,
after washing, I read a Japanese book.
because I just studied Japanese in the 3rd year of university.
I decided to study English writing in this site from today.
I would like to I introduce my character.
This job sometimes makes me feel tired, because I have to work in the hospital the whole day.
So, I want/ decide to ride a bike/ bicycle with my friend.
but when I go out to fetch my friend
it's still raining
but it's sunny again
I'm very lonley.
I dont understand the proper procedures to do these things.
On this special day, some people are celebrating and some people are still in danger.
Now we are focusing on the grammar when we start learning English, but not listening or speaking.
I'm one of the people who claim that speaking and listening are more important than grammar for beginners.
Would you proofread these sentences?
And I bought stickers, so I will give these to you!
By the way, the 31st of October is Halloween ~!!
If you have free time, I want to exchange Halloween goods.
I am studying English and Thai.
I have 2 daughters and a husband.
We are living in Thai, because of my husband's business.
I like reading books, drawing pictures, playing the piano
And they complain about the participation cost.
At last, I found one to satisfy my requirements.
I'd like to live near the station.
I met a childhood friend.
If I am free tomorrow, I will share it with you.
Does anyone want to communicate him?
For example, all us Japanese people lived in Japanese-style houses, but recently this type of building is becoming a thing of the past.
Nne of the reasons is that the development of the air conditioner lets us not need to choose the Japanese one that is built so that you do not feel uncomfortable without them.
A man who like to watch old-fashioned things has no choice than to go to a history museum where they are on display.
What improvements have I experienced?
But it is clear that I have realized the mistakes repeated in each entry.
Learning so much vocabulary is making me confused and frustrated.
Could you see my weaknesses through my journals?
By the way, I am going abroad to study English in Australia on February 12th.
I am worrying about the flood which have been occuring in Australia.
hangout = play?
When I was student in High School, I was interested in Middle East.
We played dodge ball, catch the tail and ran in a race.
I stayed up all night talking with my new friends.
I went to the web site of, ``the new york time`` it has beautiful calligraphy.
These days, I have begun training to quickly translate Japanese sentences to English ones one after another.
Japanese sentences are chosen to be translated easily so that we can concentrate on learning the grammar and the use of it.
Becasue there's no need to get any certification when you act as anyone, I made my account and uploaded some pictures and became a well-known comedian of China this afternoon.
But I can communicate with others somehow.
And unluckily I'm included in those people!
Our enzyme, alcohol dehydrogenase, which metabolizes the alcohol, is less active compared with the enzyme that heavy drinkers have.
I seems strange that my friend never received a letter!
I have English conversation lessons on Saturdays.
I will enter a university in April.
do you have another expression for ``it takes long time``?
as with many korean students, I think I have a weak point for speaking or listening in english.
I watch my usual knitting shows, ready my favorite knitting books, and check out all my tools and knitting-wool in the closet.
recently, my hobby
recently, I've been interested in Mr. Children which is a Japanese musician
so, I listen to their songs almost everyday ^ ^ and now I am listening to one of their songs.
According to the weather forecast, it'll rain tomorrow.
But recently, there is no one who takes care of these things.
'Your grandfather died.'
Oh, you have to wear something on your underwear, right?
I used to sleep at around 10pm and wake up at 6am.
this weather makes me really depressed!!!
The reason why I decided to live in NZ was that I wanted to recover the nodes on my vocal chords by being in the clean New Zealand air, and also I was tired of being in Japan.
He needed to push the on off-button immediately.
you've learnt many languages, it's very interesting, but learning to be fluent in any language can be very difficult
What do you think?
the internet, junk food and smoking was my life.
I'm swallowing tablets and other medication for pain (painkillers), my body hurts so I've been lying down all day.
Although all this has been happening, I won't stop praticing English.
It is true that English is becoming the world language in globalization.
I am reading a comic book called Dilbert, written by Scott Adams.
It was about M. 7 around Fukushima, the nearest place to the hypocenter.
Her strongest point was that I ruin my health by not eating eggs and diary products while my brother slowly poisons himself, it's something nobody could do anything about it.
She is just too stubborn, but so am I...
Fresh vegetables were very good!
I have tried to grow vegetables on my balcony but it ended in failure.
I have stayed at an Australian home and there I ate pasta made by the home family's mother which is was the most delicious pasta I have ever had.
I have to pay 1000yen every month for the membership fee.
I don't need to pay for the car insurance, either.
Because it is included in the membership fee.
This system is not popular yet in my neighberhood.
In the future, this system may be popular among young people.
on friday I just went out with some friends to have fun in a latin bar. It was nice, I met a lot of people there from differents parts in the world and obviously from my country as well...
on sunday I went for a walk with my flatmate she's like my sister here so we just went for walk and a cup of coffee and then I back to my flat...
Yesterday my mother and I drove to the Wake Mall and bought many things such as clothes, shoes, food and other stuff.
They all enjoyed the sunny day and took their rest at the weekend.
My schedule in Bangkok had changed so I couldn't arrange things around my schedule.
So, I predict that this year's theme will be 'nana' or 'shichi'
I will take an examination on the 24th of April.
I am planning to have a trip with my college friends before graduation and I have not decided where to go.
The beautiful flowers
There were the beautiful flowers at the reception of my company.
I am not wearing a wedding ring, neither is my husband, because we did not buy them/ any.
Of course, we visited a jewelery store like other people when we decided to get married.
I ordered some items from drugstore.
I think they are a really big company.
I checked out that message.
I purchased a lot of items so they will ship my items in two shipments and I would like to make sure that they will ship my items in two shipments.
Mami Kawada
This is a letter of complaint for a psychological journal
I was examined and the doctor said that I have signs of paranoia but I don't believe him.
I really don't know; what do I do?
I also want to make friends all over the world.
At first, we had a Korean lunch.
I bought clothes, boots, body care creams, and so on.
We were relieved, but we should have make sure of the bus, especially when we come to a place we don't know so much.
Since I have the shop bag of FORVER 21, some girls asked me, '' Where is Forver 21!? '' It was interesting for me.
In addition, students and their parents complain of the incompetent teachers who do not strive to show any effort to improve their teaching skills.
The government insisted on a new system that requires teachers in secondary schools to renew their teaching certificate every ten years.
Therefore, I recommend the method of using the score of authorized linguistics exams in the case of subjects related to language or tests made for assessing each subject.
In conclusion, I agree with the implementation to reform teacher's regular assessment because it has more advantages than disadvantages, such as the improvement of a teacher's teaching skills and the recovery of students and their parents 'attitude about public education.
Jim Carey's acting was wonderful.
I'm going to write a Journal everyday.
SAKURA is cherry tree in Japanese.
I stayed home all day.
I'm a university student!!!!!!
I have a friend from Japan in NewYork who is currently working in the real estate industry.
However, if the teacher's pay is based on the achievements of his students, Teacher A will work harder, and Teacher B will stop complaining
It is lunch time now.
I was very surprised because Australian eggplants are much bigger than Korean ones.
Only those who are bilingual [will] pass the bar exam.
Actually, I like watching movies which are dubbed in Japanese.
I sometimes feel the gap between the dubbed voice and the real voice of actors.
Recently, I watched a movie with subtitles in order to learn English.
5 in terms of job hunting in America, they considered that people who emphasize their skills, achievement or qualifications are likely to be a useful resources for the company.
Of course, this is a characteristic of Japanese people, and there are people who are very frank and are never diplomatic.
If there's any opposing viewpoints or advices, please tell me. (^ ^)
As the Internet becomes more common, we can reach a vast quantity of information.
Also, we can easily offend other people by using tools as slander.
(Some) People are scared of being slandered, as the people don't have common sense.
Today I want to tell you about a festival, what happened yesterday in my town, Vinnitsa.
In the centre of town people could see the stands where there was the name of a European country that describes this country-population, area, official language, nationalities that live in this country and gave information about the history of this country.
All of these interesting actions were accompanied with nice lively music, masterful displays of dancing and of course a good mood.
there are so many things I have to learn..
I went up Abura Mountain this Sunday.
We arrived there about half past two.
And then we started climbing the mountain.
While climbing, I was out of breath because I don't usually excise and don't have stamina.
It took me about one and a half hours to arrive at the top of the mountain.
Going down is easy for me compared to going up!
We arrived at the bus stop around five.
After that, we went to the restaurant to eat dinner.
I usually don't excise so climbing a mountain is new for me and I'm excited.
I like moves that make me ``think and treasure.`` Most of things that happen in our lives only make us anxious and depressed, and those negative feelings kill our minds little by little.
As time goes by we become aged, experienced and learned. We might not look at things as we did when we were younger.
So I need to use English at school in order to give new information (knowledge) to my students.
I know.
However, today I somehow repeatedly listened to a song
but I have many difficulties in math!!!
I survived today ~ haha
Actually I live in University domitary, so I'm always in the school =)
Every Monday and Thursday, each class lasts for 1h 15mins, unlike the other days on which the classes are 50mins so these 2 days are more tiring.
And fortunately during the second class was no lecture because the professor was absent, so I went to library and took a nap ~ hahaha
Third class was again Constitutional law but this time it was about constructures of controlling a country (state?) so it was more understandable than the first class.
5th class was Civil law; I studied contract law.
After formal class, I had Japanese class which I take every Monday to Friday.
healthy cutlet
I made chicken cutlets for lunch today.
Today, I am going to tell you how to make healthy chicken cutlets!
Today's lunch was very yummy.
At about 9: 00, I have to perepare my afternoon job.
I think it is a wonderful opportunity for me to improve my English and my teaching skills. (PS: I am a college student and I major in English teaching) So, I always prepare carefully before I have a class with the student.
To be honest, driving a car is a big challenge for me.
But I know I am making progress every day, which is the most important part.
What I'm doing now is because I want to go to abroad to study, and I want to meet some friends from others countries.
I want to know anything about others countries, and at the same time, I hope I can let my friends know more about my country--CHINA ~
I hope I will be not be sleepy.
It was tempting to do some shopping.
In 80% of my time, I do what I'm obligated to do.
Unnecessary expenses mean low efficiency, and that's what I dislike.
However, I can only explain it in Japanese and Korean.
One more thing, February second is the Ezaki-san's birthday.
When his son was sick, he had his son eat oyster serum as an attempt to make him feel better.
(Because his son's disease was epidemic, and the doctor gave him up.) Miraculously, his son escaped from death.
After that, he wanted to have more children eat oyster serum/ syrup.
As I didn't focus during the listening part, I don't think I will get good score.
Recently, after I had got home, almost everything I did was in the chair.
I know exercise keeps not only my body sharp, but also my mind.
Hello, I found today this site, I decided help other people learn polish language and I need help too with english language
I had studied English to enter college but my English is poor
Today is a beautiful day.
Rainy season
The rainy season started in Tokyo this Monday. (Sounds better)
The rainy season is very filthy, but we need it so we can get enough water this season.
I will wash it until noon.
My teacher is Filipino.
I want to make progress in my english study (study).
We would like to hand our property of children's songs down to the next generation.
I think they are more attractive than Tokyo.
This year I want to be able to speak English very well.
Thanks for reading! I hope you have a great day!!
As there are two more rings on it for the index finger and middle finger.
self introduction
What did you do for Christmas?
By the way, yesterday,
I bake and eat it with soy sauce or cheese.
A good employee should have this skill and also be able to communicate well with his co-workers.
I started Lang-8 today.
Sakura is beginning to bloom near my home.
Anyway we enjoyed the beautifully displayed dishes and the scenery of the countryside.
He might be strarved!
The A-course (we ordered)
Grilled octopus with herbs.
Caprese scallop and tomato salad.
Three kinds of currie.
When one reaches old age, he/ she tends to be more conservative and reluctant to accept new ideas and innovations.
As a conclusion, one's retirement age should be decided according to one's own conditions and willingness.
I suggested some Japanese books for beginners like him.
He was walking to the opposite direction! His head was facing me!
The main reason for their success is having good results from lots of international competitions.
So I am going to be a girl who has a boyfriend especially a bf from America.
In addition to this, there were many people standing by either side of the road selling foods, drinks, ice creams and so on.
I always say that I want to keep it and lose weight but I hardly achieve my goals.
Do you have any good ideas to resist the food offered in front of you?
The Incursion of a Typhoon
Yesterday afternoon, our teacher said to take a day off the next day.
Of course my mother was really angry. (/_;)
I think I have a pretty okay command of the English language, but sometimes I get confused about prepositions, grammar etc.
Watch is uncountable,
I was up all last night playing on my computer, talking to my friends on Skype, watching Friends, and cleaning up my room.
So, I'm very satisfied with them.
Now I don't have to carry with me so much cash.
Many people say bad things about my country, but Colombia is a beautiful place to live.
The people here are so kind and happy, and everybody works hard to make Colombia a better place.
Currently, I feel hungry even though I have just had breakfast a few minutes ago.
especially new recruits who recently graduated from college.
And then, I found a favourite musician called ``Zainichi Funk``
I'm looking forward to it!!!
I'm definitely not an ``otaku`` (anime nerd) because I'm fairly mature,
However, I have to review and prepare for the next week.
I want to talk in English more.
I made ``macaroons``.
I gonna try again near future.
I have to take him to and from the school.
Running with my friends
I used to subscribe to the Financial Times via Kindle, but after it got broken, I cancelled my subscription.
In the nursery my three-year-old daughter goes to, teachers choose an elder child as a partner for each young kid.
But I never worry my English exam hehe
As you can see, it has steps which are made from glass
Today (???) National Foundation Day in Japan.
They (was) training (???) the waves of the sea.
World Cup is an exciting festival.
I recorded while I was waiting my train to work and getting on it.
There's no foods, no erectricity, no gasorine...
Honestly I tried to make my avatar based on the picture, but I didn't know if I could make it.
Now, I come here because my English is not fluent [proficient].
Actually, my daily life does not necessarily use English but my father lives in California so I want to grow my communication skills.
Anyone please give me help and be my friend.
It is for my illustration project and the other one is like a Japanese ``manga`` for business on a web gallery.
Anyways, this is a first note to say hi to everyone and nice to see you.
K-1 fight show is my favourite.
Hello friends.
I finished Public Administrator..
I took a lot of pictures with my friends..
I don't have anyone to give me flowers today..
I'm a korean learning English.
Zamzam: Holy Water
Some Muslims even cry over Zamzam when they return to their countries.
But I couldn't do it because on the road I lost my way.
I have heard that this way, the supplements are absorbed well. (?)
Because I sit a lot in front of my desk, I would go out for lunch with colleagues whenever I could.
I don't eat a lot because I am supposedly on a diet, although the diet seems never really to succeed.
It seems to be a cultural difference.
Bankruptcy by eathquake
I met one of my friends after a long time.
I was suprised because she got a new job this January.
Proud to be Spanish
In the last 10 years all the political parties who had had government responsibilities in the different administrations, have accumulated enormous amounts of power.
In this political situation with the current horrible economic and social scene, people have said stop.
Unfortunately most of the media, supported by the political machinery, have been uninformative about the little revolution.
It seems that this social movement has been imitated all over the world, and that is what makes me feel good and proud to be Spanish.
First, I felt uncomfortable having it because I've never had such bright color things before.
And, I was really disappointed with the climate.
I regretted that I didn't realize it before.
I had an awesome trip with my famliy when I was studying in Shanghai..
After that we visited Japan Pavillion.
It is the largest country pavillion and is also so beautiful.
We also visited some other country pavillions such as the United States, Spain, Netherlands and South Africa.
Although I believe my knowledge of English is already advanced, I am lacking usage and lots of tiny specific words from every day life.
If you need any help in learning German, don't hesitate for ask me for advice.
If you meet people that you have bad memories with, and you have not kept in touch for years.
My favorite English words are ``lovely`` and ``brilliant`` because I like ``L`` sound.
I also would like to talk to anyone overseas on skype.
When I was an elementary school student, my dream was to be a professional football player.
When I was a college student, I majored in Danish language and society.
Besides, Danish people don't open their mouths wide so it is really hard to tell the difference (between vowels).
Today is my birthday.
Finallymy father arrived at the hospital and he was able to be present at my birth.
Today I will look for an apartment for my friends and myself.
It's my first time living with friends.
So I would really appreciate if you would correct English composition below.
The manuscript is so long that I divided it into two pieces.
The non-directive play therapy and eight principles which Axline V.
Axline's client children often ask her not to change the area they've played in.
I feel DIBS developed his ego through thinking and persuading himself.
Later, I went to a French restaurant for dinner.
I also had some rough times in my childhood.
I've found a software program that helps English learners to improve their English pronunciation.
My tongue is structured differently, so the pronunciation of my mother tongue is bad, too.
I need to practice my pronunciation more than others because if I don't practice, then many people may not understand my words/ me.
Yesterday, My parents and I went to see the baseball game in Munhak stadium.
So My parents and I went to the traditional pub to drink some traditional liquor.
Although Samsung lost the game, I had happy time with my parents.
I will take a TOEIC examination on January 302011.
My friend advised me to first study t English grammar
I am lucky to meet you at the very beginning of the new semester
I didn't forget about the white paudry sands, palm trees, good wind, beautiful light and the emerald green sea.
He said: ``MoM I'm hungry.`` My mother said, ``There is nothing to eat but some instant noodles.`` (moved below)
The speed of the Internet here is slow and is causing me to have complete nervous breakdown.
During the movie, the memory of Italy trip keep popping up in my head.
The Liar Game is a TV series of Japan, which was adapted from a comic book.
reasons, they join the Liar Game for the second time.
It's too ache to concentrate on anything.
A Chinese ole says ``Toothache is not illness, but it will take your live.`` Now I can understand it well through it.
It `s really little shoe.
However, I passed the test and I got my driver's licence two hours later.
It's so exciting!!
You can go to the famous Shida night market, then ask anyone for the restaurant.
These include Mexican food (burrito, fajita, quesadilla, taco), every kind of burger (pita, focaccia, burger, wrap), different flavors of omelets, salads, some special breakfasts (like English breakfast and mexican rancheros), pasta. Our most recommended is the chef meal, such as meat loaf, beef burgundy, German sausages and chops, parmesan pasta, eib eye steak and things like that.
The flavor was unfamiliar to me.
There is also a specialty here, on the second floor, our boss provides and welcomes anyone to put their art work on the wall display.
I think that many HEROs are strong and have special power until now.
Otherwise her eyes will itch, and have a stuffy nose.
I want to enroll into a foreign university as a master student.
I can speak conversational English, but I can't use English for academic purpose.
So my listening skill is getting worse!
It's my pleasure to join this website/ site for learning English.
I was even more shocked when I knew that Miyagi prefecture sustained more damage than us!
Although I did not think that I had time to enjoy it in this journey, I had a swim suit in my suitcase.
For example, reading, speaking, writing, grammer, etc....
As soon as I looked at her pale face, I called my workmate to ask how to deal with our emergency.
Even the chance of talking with restaurant clerks has been getting smaller recently; they have vending machines everywhere which sell food tickets!
I started to watch this TV series on DVD last year.
I think Samantha is very cool because she is strong despite her cancer.
and I heard about skyphone.
To use skyphone, I need a camera and microphone, ect.
We like to relax in hot springs.
Then I want to go to an open air bath.
But I wonder if foreigners will know about an open air bath.
Which is better for foreigners, an open air bath or an outdoor bath?
But the other day I read a grammar book.
And I went to school directly.
Yesterday, on my way home I ran into Cindy who is the wife of the marketing manager at our company.
One of the big reasons why I'm into it is this series is based on the daily life in Manhattan.
It's a good way to improve my English.
I should prepare some snow equipment such as a snow shovel as soon as possible.
I'm studying ``Computer Systems``.
It's preferable that its thick and made by chemical textiles.
I was worried about leaving Japan, but there were no worries or problems in Canada!!
Unfortunately, the website is written only in Japanese and the venue is Aomori city,
The Japanese temperature gradually rose every year.
There were few comfortable spring days.
I like comfortable autumn days.
I have to change something, but I have no idea what
I regard this activity as a part of liberal-arts.
But I want more opportunity to communicate with English people.
Because of watching drama or film without English subtitle and comunicating with our business partners without interpreter and living foreign country someday.
I edited my profile.
At the beginning I didn't like Tony, he would always bully Sid and behave unfaithfully toward Michelle, I don't understand him.
At the end of the first season, Tony had an accident when taking a phone call with Machelle, he was apologizing...
I realized there are too many lights in Japan.
Also there are many 24-hour convenience stores open here in Tokyo.
I don't think 24-hour stores are necessary.
My friend said that ``avocado tastes like tuna if you
It's wonderful (-_-;)!
(It's called ``Doyou ushinohi``) However, I'm lacking the money to buy it.
It is a little bit expensive for me....
Yesterday I bought a wonderful black dress which I'm going to wear on the wedding of my cousin.
I can't understand why, because it's really beautiful and, moreover, I'm not a bride, just a guest))))
my department is finance but I'm a beginner so I read bookkeeping at first.
In China, students choose their majors before being admitted to universities.
Before the college entrance examination, I read a lot about OR researched electricity and its developing trend in a newspaper.
She told me she used to be a princess in China, but now she does everything by herself
Today I teach the children reading and writing.
I know I will use this experiment in my future work!!
My teacher is male and is from america.
[Because public bathrooms are dirty.
Really?
The first day
I am now working as a public servant in Shinjuku.
Everyday I'm going to practicewriting, listening, andreading,
So, I went to the location of the fire as soon as possible in my car, around five o 'clock.
Study methods that work well for oneself is easily found.
I speak English and I'm also interested in Japanese and Chinese.
My girls are playing a lot with their cousins.
5 minutes is 300 seconds.
It has passed 50 seconds already!!
I travelled to Thailand last month.
He said, ``This is your first visit to Thailand, right?
Then you must to drink to Thai Yogurt. ``
I was very surprised by the SIZE.
Yet, despite the fact that I have plenty of days in my hands, I don't have any plans to do anything except for a short day trip to my grandparents 'home in Yamagata prefecture.
By the way, I'm going to Europe on the 26th.
The day before yesterday, my company announced it's first quarter financial results.
As a result, my company stock rate decreased 10% yesterday.
At the same time they lose themselves in the internet and the computer games.
His performancewas very good. He performed well.
I like his performance.
My stomach is getting bigger and bigger.
Incheon city holds a big international rock festival
I felt very nervous and couldn't say much about the PR expression in English.
And I know they are disgusted by that.
By the way, if English speakers speak Asian languages in Asian countries, Asians are interested in them.
Anyway, speaking English is in great demand and speaking Asian languages is in small demand.
Why I selected advertising is still a mystery for me.
Maybe some people think commercials are a bad thing, because they interrupt people's favorite TV programs.
So I can't control it.
Oh, I am sorry, my dog.
3, Try to speak English more actively.
see you again.
Tempura was tasty, but I had a hard time talking with my colleague in English.
I also study English by playing video games in English.
I don't have much self esteem.
School was cancelled because there was a typhoon.
Forecast of this week
In today's class, I was confused with the usages of adjectives.
``You kidding, hon.`` A middle-aged man said.
This is my second English diary. (Or to someone who migh look at it and correct it.
English was a main subject at that time, but the importance of English is growing more and more each day.
English education in elementary school started in 1997 in Korea. (from 3rd grade) Korean Goverment has an English education policy to be extended to 1st grade someday.
I have 14-years of experience teaching elementary school here in Korea, and like every other teacher, I am feeling the stress of English.
After entering university, I started to study Chinese.
I really hope that I get better at English and make a lot of friends through Lang-8.
Well, when you were a little toddler, you probaby watched some cartoons on the telly.
I will begin my work from tomorrow on.
I also bring magazines into the bathroom such as fashion or photo magazines with beautiful pictures.
Here is the reason.
He said: ``Time is flying by, this time last year we were still playing together.`` He also asked me to visit his hometown when I was free.
I want to work hard to offer better service to the guests.
But I shouldn't really be, because I have an English presentation I have to write, and tomorrow I have a piano lesson.
She is very beautiful with the clothes.
If you have a chance to travel in Zhengjiang, I recommend you should takea trip trip toHangzhou.
Fortunately, there are two drivers including me, otherwise it would take longer for me to drive back home.
This rescue was a miracle.
By the way, I've been interested in slang because I take a slang idioms workshop on Fridays.
Do you use slang in your daily life?
And I caught a cold.
Or, I wear my favorite earrings or necklace (expensive ones!!).
as a beginner, I think acoustic guitar is the best choice.
one, it's delicious.
Next morning, luckliy I felt so much better.
I know it's been long time no journal, but I finally came back to my home town from two weeks of vacationing in Hawaii.
It was the best vacation ever, I think.
My Japanese friend took me to play soccer and hung out, and my best friend took me to Byodoin temple in Hawaii.
It was so beautiful and the area in which the temple is reminded me of Japan like Kyoto, you know.
I have taught myself english for a long time.
Our memories in Austria (Australia?) are especially awesome!!!
I'm confident I will pass the IELTS because you have taught me Aussie English, so I'll study harder to speak English well thanks to you.
There isn't any garden, but there is a big balcony.
It's beyond my expectation that I wrote a paper here which is responded to so quickly.
It is made of soy. When it is sold to customers, it would have sugar water poured on it,
But I eventually decided to go as the plan was to visit Prague and I had never been abroad before.
Once we arrived in Prague, we started sight-seeing.
Pity that we couldn't watch more of it.
I felt a bit drowsy, so on the way back home I fell asleep and slept like a baby.
I don't know why I fall asleep immdiately and for a very long time recently.
If you have a facebook account, please connect with me!
It is so loud and noisy to me.
However, I encountered a difficulty in my English writing.
Due to above these reasons, I decided to try to improve my English writing, by writing diaries every day.
My favorite game is ``Monster Hunter``.
And, I enjoyed chatting with my friends in my college.
I was suprised!!
Of course, there are a few positive aspects about telly.
I have nothing against educational programmes which have a positive effect on our development and I sometimes watch them with my little sister.
I heard it for a long time.
One is the way you learn in school, by reading books, the correct way, but not used daily.
He was a very nice person before, but he has changed.
-He could not make himself heard in a crowded street.
I think that I still have good pronunciation and more delicate way of expression in Chinese.
some habits seriously illegal: violence in the family, drug abuse... etc.
I was very surprised that there were so many people to see the ceremony in Washington.
For example, International Mime Festival, Puppet Festival, International
Yesterday I flew to Hokkaido for a business trip and came back home today.
I felt flight attendants are very tactful.??
However, I'm not afraid of aftershocks, Instead I am scared of the earthquake alarms.
As we sadly partake in the last moments of pleasure from
our summer vacations I'm unhappily reminded of the dreadful schoolwork that lies ahead.
However, I think I shouldn't sleep now because I have only written one diary entry in 5 months.
Beer, MACHA (bitter green tea) and soy sauce were real Japanese!!
If I keep smiling, happiness will surely happen to me!!
What are the supporters like? How is the pitch? How is stadium looking?
When the check was received by my boss, It was corrected a lot.
If there are any problems with my pronunciation in this song,
As such, I feel so stressed out after school.
After studying about 30 minutes I start to feel sleepy.
so effectively!
So if you find anything wrong with my sentences, please correct it or point it out.
Today, I watched an Icecream car (ice cream van) near the my house. (Totonto Lake shore west)
You can make a Paper lounge to be longest as a 16-seater lounge or shortest as a 1-seater sofa.
I received an e-mail from her that told me about shis scheal.
The teacher was going to camp with his girlfriend so I felt jealous.
I took an evening class by myself.
I played with a child and I used eat lunch at a place where there are children.
Shipping method
He checked the attendance sheet and realized I made a mistake!
Audrey was very cute& charming
Today, I have 3 classes which are sports business, academic writing and a seminar about world heritage sites.
I talked a lot with my new friend who is half Japanese and half French.
Today, I went Downtown with my friend and I took many pictures.
I enjoyed myself but, I experienced some strange things.
By the way, I also went Chinatown and it was awful because many people are thin, smoke and have tattoos.
However, I wonder why a poor place was made near the center of Downtown and why the poor people are still poor?
We should donate more money and support them, bacause they have the right to live safely and peacefully.
I didn't know much about it, so I asked the staff which is recommended for a beginner.
By the way, I work for the company in Tokyo and our headquarters is in the United states.
A Campaign Speech
I'm jiaru, I'm from class 4.
I believe I can do it well if I am elected.
I was fully satisfied with the swamp and marsh of oze.
this was my favourite part of the day!
She is from Austria and her husband is from China.
I was surprised she knew Chinese characters.
Today, I rented some CDs
The house had a large garden and a garage while our apartment doesn't.
My husband didn't want to because changing the tires by himself wasn't easy.
Around 5 o 'clock his mother came back home from work.
She had picked up some vegetables-a Chinese cabbage, spinaches, and long green onions at a small farm and gave them to us.
The pot had a partition to enjoy two different types of soup.
We were able to eat any meat for about one thousand yen at the restaurant so we ate a lot of vegetables, beef, pork, and chicken.
I'm going to cancel my purchase of this item, but I want to buy that new cleanser.
I'm trying to buy this cleanser and if I can get your items I will re-order them!
I picked up my son at the station yesterday because he came home for the first time in a month.
While I was watching Australian TV, I felt like a child.
Weather is
r, she took me to the store, and I purchased an electric heater.
a lot of delicious food. ^ ^
But I am sleepy now...
because I didn't know how to use it well:(but I think this is not good thing.
recently I'm hunting for a job.
in Japan, university students must get their job soon after graduation, and keep working all of their life:(I think this is a bad system.
if I can't get a job, I would go to photographer school and become a photographer:P
Grammatically is it a conjunction?
My foreign friend told me about how to prevent the cold.
But my study habit is if I don't know the words means I always use. dictionary.
What is the most important is to burn paper money, we think our ancestor will receive it and can use it in heaven.
That will be thought as very pitiful.
For example: ``So to speak``, ``on account of``, ``because``, ``thus``...
expressions like that.
How can you get friends in this SMS? + Short Message Service +
Of course, I have a Mixi account, the largest SMS in Japan.
So, I decided to study English harder this year.
and thank you so much for leaving your nice comments and corrections for my previous entry!!
I was very happy to make some friends and I want to make more now.
I had to write it until the 22ndof last Desember, so I am filled with a feeling of freedom, ^ ^ but I will have to do more one thing to do for my graduation, which is an oral assessment. Which is maybe about 15 minutes.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Today, I went shopping with my daughter.
I want to visit Tokyo of course: Harajuku, Shibuya, Roppongi etc.
Last week, my friend went to NY to study English.
I bought lessons on etutor.
Preparing for traveling
I want to enjoy traveling there.
I have to (must) remember to do it on thiswednesday.
I just read a sentence in a dictionary.
So local hospitals are inviting medical students to their hospitals and asking medical students to come to their hospitals and look around inside.
For hospitals, they can use them as labor force, accept money from government and get compensation by being selecting.
So I went there and looked around with my friend.
I will leave after watching the Japan team WBC game.
I have a plan to look around there from 24 to 27.
Afterwards, I might go to Okayama (prefecture) to look around on the 29th.
Well, I feel like punching someone `s face right nowlol I have been frustrated all day coz of someone I dislike, in fact I hate them. If my wish could come true, I would wish to let someone kill them and vanish in front of me...
lol now probably u can see how frustrated I am?
however, I forgot to save them before shutting the excel....
I totally felt depression and dizzylol
therefore, I was fucking something stupid around till I calm down my frustaration.
so I wana ask u about ur solution when u get frustration or something bad happens to you. How can u get that out of ur mind?
Many people have given me messages although I've just started taking part in this SNS.
Because of the typhoon, the train that I usually use for going to my company is cancelled now.
Although it's bad news, I still had a memorabal Sunday.
I've now written eleven entries on Lang-8.
He asked me, ``what are you going to do tonight?``
So at first I introduced myself, but then I couldn't remember their name at all once!!
First, I could come back home earlier than usual from the restaurant that I work at because of heavy snow.
Yippie!!
I always get up at 4 o 'clock every morning.
Only one student in my class finally came to school.
But almost all Japanese are not good at English, including me.
We can 't play soccer like Lionel Messi, who is a super soccer player, only by watching his games and studying the rules of soccer.
So, I think I have to try more (or harder) although it is often a bit hard (or difficult).
I am looking forward to meet you and your family.
I'm/ am really surprised because I think she will forget later what I teach but she won't (will not).
I can't imagine how much work I have to do tomorrow because I couldn't finished it on Saturday.
I don't like rainy days.
I hope it will be sunny on tuesday of next week because the sports festival will be held. on Tuesday.
I went to London, Paris, Frankfurt and Leipzig.
they were very beautiful. they often slept in the day and catch mice at night. we buy fishes for them and often played with them. so we like them very much.
at last, the other cat was stolen by other people. mom said that the strangers might haveeaten it.
Totally I spent 300 $ and became a beggar.
I am a vet.
The following day after the show, my friend who came to the two-day festival mailed me, a company which sponsors artists invited her to see Buckcherry, one of the bands in that festival, at their own show in Hiroshima.
That fact makes me hesitate when I am going to meet someone.
For whomever is reading this, if& nbsp; I have mistake in grammar, PLEASE check and correct it.
There were lines of people at the place pretty far from the city.
That is more serious for people live in Tokyo.
He always puts his face near my face and his whiskers touch my cheek.
I tickle his whiskers!
I studied English, then prepared to go out.
We went into a restaurant and ordered our meal.
My university started classes on the 27th.
I can't decide which classes I want to take.
This museum and this tour taught me that communist countries existed.
I don't know how to express my appreciation
Wish things will get better tomorrow after some negotiation! Please!
If you don't know sumo, check it out.
Yesterday, I had an interview with an associate consultant company.
What should I do to be more energetic?
My heart sank from the bad result in the postgraduate entrance exam but I must force a smile and carry on with more courage.
One class is Principles of Language Learning and Teaching, and the other is English Literature.
In the lesson, we read Macbeth, a/ the famous play written by Shakespeare.
At the time of the first lesson, I thought I wouldn't be able to keep up with the class.
I don't have a good head for business.
T., who is a professional Japanese illustrator.
I was very busy with her own job, so I needed to translate it for her to reduce her burden.
She saw it and read the translated message, and then she replied to Miss K that she would be able to draw some illustrations in black and white, but she would not be able to make them in full Manga style.
It is too much work for her, but if Miss K accepts her suggestion, she will draw it on a voluntary basis.
she thought that it would be a good opportunity for her to make children's book and co-operate with British people.
I have another story and I haven't made any illustrations for it yet. ``
I and myself do not have a good head for business
Because, if I watch it, I can't sleep.
We were satisfied with our shopping very much because their fabric is always high quality.
She was fastened to the bed, her face was sweaty and her eyes wide open, because she was afraid.
I haven't written diaries for a long time...
Please correct my diaries!
I am just used to words and saying really small things.
I think, I don't need to translate Korean into English but to think in English directly.
I try to sell them on Japanese auction sites.
I keep buying them and it is like my side business.
Now I'm really disappointed that my American friend left me.
She came here on the same day which I came back.
So I took her, went around our school and some famous place of Beijing in these 3 days.
She refused to eat any Chinese food.
But it didn't work, because she found some friends who came from the U.
Our life style, I mean, Asians have already westernized so much.
After the Olympic games, the life of Beijing completely changed.
We have cars, PCs, hamburgers, everything same as U.
I swept and polished the floor of the kitchen.
But they will only show it on WOWOW which is pay TV.
I was excited when I checked the morning paper, because my friend was in it.
even more than last year.
Very interesting but CRT moniters were still being used.
Somebody said the Cloud is the third industrial revolution.
When the Imam said, ``Allah is the greatest,`` all my family started to eat the breakfast with pieces of dates. Then I said, ``Mum, Dad, my brothers and sisters, this is an Indian rice and I made it for you. =)``
My hobbies are playing video games, surfing the internet, listening
Although it might have bothered others, I can't help but to buy and set off fireworks.
I came across this website in a magazine called AERA ENGLISH (a Japanese publication) recently and thought 'wow, this is such a good match for what I want to do now with my English!!'.
I enjoyed doing netsurfing.
I steeled myself to start running
Have you ever tried Bouldering?
I tried Boudering last week.
I took looking for a Bouldering lightly.
Anyway, today's topic is the death penalty, which is very controversial around the world.
They are seminar, writing, special topics (I can choose a class) and presentation.
Although one has a strong desire to be successful or dreaming to be a famous person, without knowledge of manage time, he can't achieve his goals.
So I should be more careful in managing my limited time which can lead me to success.
It is proud that I can make full use of my leisure time skillfully.
I don't like rain, because it's not possible to take a walk.
I wish the rainy season didn't exist.
I'm interested in demi pair (??) and in an internship program in Australia or New Zealand, so she explained those in detail.
Here, I just stay at home.
So I could get one digital audio book instead of paying a monthly fee.
I should have bought a much more expensive book.
However, he was told that everyone had to leave the building, so he let us leave.
I just recognized, If I want good English I have to have more friends to contact.
I want to have lots of foreign friends.
I love British stuff and want to stay in the countryside of England someday.
If any British people see my diary, please give me advice.
I would say Sushi can be divided into 4 parts.
The second bottom layer is called the ``popular class``.
The second highest layer is called the ``advanced class``.
When I was studying German there, a man came over and talked to me.
So he left my house with ``Siddhartha`` in his hands.
Then I watched the Chelsea vs Inter game on TV.
I didn't like Inter, so I wanted Chelsea to win.
Kaera Kimura married yesterday.
For example, last summer there was a so called 'sandy town' in the middle of our square where our citizens could see world-famous sights such as Eiffel Tower, Egyptian Pyramids, Colosseum, Parthenon etc.
I thought I would live like this forever but lately my thought has changed.
I speak some English and try to learn Italian, but I'm only a beginniner.
I enjoyed watching her dynamic performance on Youtube.
That is, the Star Spangled Banner by Jennifer Hudson at the Democratic Party National Convention.
I felt tired and lethargic.
Flowers are blooming now, and I'm in good spirits =) I hope to have a rest in the forest this weekend, and my friends have just told me the weather will be good.
I hope they are right... =))))
Therefore my friends on Lang-8 are increasing everyday.
'Chideji' means Chijou degital.
Today is a traditional festival in China: the Mid-autumn Festival, family members will try their best to get together and enjoy the happy and warm atmosphere, a very good and important day for every Chinese.
I am living in the same way everyday, doing all of the same things, studying all different papers.
Everyday I compete with my limitations. I always feel like I don't have the ability to comfront society and work.
A beautiful future is waiting for you!!
He quickly hid behind the buildings.
And, I checked the history of Slovenia on the internet and found out that numerous people were killed by false charge during and after World War.
In Japan, almost all games are shown at midnight, so I have a lack of sleep.
I hopefully think I could finish by tomorrow night.
He even forced us to apologize!
Cherry Blossoms
Another friend is taking maternity leave.
She is looking for an interesting job, and applying to many companies.
I decided to try write the diary in english from today.
I watched a movie tonight, actually it was not as good as I had expected.
I made tuna and potherb mustard with tomato sauce.
I hope some foreign friends can give me some advice on how to study English!
Thank you!
And I'm at the Starbucks coffee near the beauty salon.
These days, I really want to make friends with people from other countries.
By meeting them and communicating with them, I want to learn their cultures, languages, and unique perspectives.
Shigyo-shiki is an opening ceremony for the beginning of the school year or semester in Japan.
It is usually held in the first week of April.
Typically, students are gathered in the school gym or the playground, then the ceremony begins with a speech from their principal.
A girl who spoke to me said,
I might have some difficulties fulfilling this target; too much work, not enough vocabulary, and so on.
It's been a long time since I've written a diary.
I'm not good at Korean, but we could use English and Japanese in Seoul a little.
I felt that Seoul has great population, and that the economy is prosperous/ prospering.
Actually Younger brother came back home before 5 days already but he returned to his home ground the day before yesterday because his vacation's over.
I was so surprised and embarrassed.
I usually eati, t fresh fruit juice first....
So It is lnteresting.
I went to a hospital, and all four doctors who saw my throat said
My favorite TV show will be on tonight.
And I have been working as a designer for accessories, bags, shoes, necklaces and so on in Kobe for 4 years.
Oops, I've ran from my main point. Anyway, I want to learn English, and make friends from foreign country.
So please send me a/ the letter and correct my diary.
because I was very tired.
I'm especially very sorry that we couldn't go to Tiananmen Square.
I want to learn English, so I started Lang-8 yesterday.
The Thai government gives money to students to study for free for fifteen years. My nephews got money to buy stationery and student uniforms.
After buying anything the guardian is supposed to return the receipt to the school to confirm that the money is being used for the student and not for other things.
We have never had an offer from the government like this before. Usually parents pay for their children to study.
I don't know the amount that each grade receives but my nephew received around 560 baht for this term.
I know abroad you study for free until university?
That is a really good government who supports you.
Because it can introduce something fresh to our life, like changing your shirt colour for instance.
In the past, I ostracized gays all along, because I thought that was unnatural and abnormal, but now I have changed my mind. I don't know the exact reason--maybe because I am more mature, or something else. I believe that true love can exist between two men or two women.
the Highwest fashion, which actors wear often, is popular in Korea.
All things considered, no carefree future exists for those of us who live in megalopolises unless we are prepared to put some effort into working together and involving government in the problem right now.
I have many clothes because I like fashion.
I took too many clothes to the flea market to be sold, but customers bought
For example, nail polish, sunglasses, a watch...
But today wasn't a consultation day.
Today I am very happy, because I have just made my first friend on Lang-8!
I'm going to give a Farewell party tomorrow.
I chose a Dopamine keychain!
Summer is finishing, and soon autumn will come...
I dont wanna do, I have do it because I need a lot money if I want to travel. Every day I think about how it would be to live in london or new york???
this trip is to forget about everything that happens at my work..
After performing, she did an interview and started crying.
Today I feel happy because my flat mate went back to his country (Yeah!!)
For example, He alwasys smoked in the living room even though I told him that I'm a nonsmoker and I'd like him to smoke outside.
Oh goodness!
It is such a comfortable place, and so beautiful!
So I'm unlucky.
We have a lot of onomatopoeia in Japanese.
One food texture word, crispy is used for potato chips.
I'm too busy or I'm too lazy
Sometimes I cut these boring classes then went to the library because I just wanted to read some books, which I think is much more& nbsp; interesting than my teacher's lectures.
It had survived some falls and I accidentally sat on it once. ^ ^ '' I'm so sloppy when it comes to handling my stuff. ^ ^ ''
So our teacher divided us into many teams so we could talk to the foreign friends in a small group.
Tomorrow I'm going to take my children to a soccer lesson.
From todays news.
In Japan, many people measure radiation recently.
When it comes to crimes, I think mass media plays an important role in informing citizens of what's going on at a nationwide level.
Right now I am practicing it, but it's so hard to pronounce well.
Would you advise me on how to improve my English ability?
However, they were surprised.
Koyasan is very famous for a type of Buddhism, called SHINGONSYU.
I invited my foreign friends to my town.
My dream is run a youth hostel in my town and I hope that many foreign people visit my home town.
because I think she's a nice girl and a good match for me.
It includes many incorrect sentences that I am writing.
This month the examinations are over, so right now I'm happy. I'm going to celebrate with my classmates, but it's raining with a possibility of snow in the east city, near the Andes mountains.
As you can see, I have a very hard time using English.& nbsp;
This following dialogue is from the sitcom Friends that I'm watching.
I just got the test result this Friday.
I was waiting for my result on the web site with my mom and when the word ``Pass`` appeared on the screen I almost shouted with excitement.
But I'm trying to focus on my study and work.
My hometown is much noisier than Calgary.
My hometown is busier than Calgary.
Maybe my hometown is the noisiest in the world.
My hometown has more a bigger population than Cagary.
My hometown is noisier than Calgary.
My hometown is brighter than Calgary at night.
My hometown has more traffic jams than Calgary.
My hometown has more public transport than Calgary.
My hometown has the best public transport in the world.
My hometown is younger than Calgary.
My hometown has more moutains than Calgary.
I strongly suggest not going to the English school after the dentist...
I was concerned about such an extremely low temperature and yet I still let them do a lot of preparation excercises.
And when she wore glasses for far-sightedness, she couldn't see things at a distance!
How to define the distance between far and near?
It was a challange if my mom wanted to watch TV and write somthing down at the same time.
People always say: 'The eyes are the window to the soul'.
In 2007, I went to America for 2 weeks by myself.
I was surprised at the sashimi of colorful tropical fish and giant clam in their beautiful shells.
By 2012, I'll have finished school.
I haven't gone anywhere because of increadibly hot weather.
That is why I will write this dairy in both languages!
Actually I planned a lot of activities during this holiday, but I could not do them at all!!
But during World War II, the castle was burnt down on May 14, 1945.
I try to keep writing in my diary for 3 days starting from today.
Hi, this is An, and it's my first time writing in English and Spanish.
It's sxxk (?) to show my poor English and Spanish in a public space, but it is very very important now. I have to study and face it, so get on An, everything will be good, haha...
Now I must fight with my laziness and try to write more, because really I (I really) want to become fluent in English.
Although I spent my birthday in a foreign country, My Korean friends congratulated me on the Internet.
I was touched and it was absolutely brilliant.
Maybe I don't need a boyfriend, I hate marriages.
My father and my mother don't like each other, they affect my opinion about marriage.
and after 6pm people went around the street carrying a torch on their shoulder.
I hope my face doesn't become swollen.
I will change them to a mixed ceramic and plastic cap later.
So Access is a DataBase software.
I think each company has an exclusive database software.
If there is a reason to use it, the exclusive software will be expensive.
Looking forward to your reply.
The gym is not crowded and has enough machines for many kinds of exercises.
I was almost cried some times and I was moved so much although today was my second time to see it.
After the show I went to back of the theater and I could meet some cast. I could get an autograph from MARK, Benny and Mimi!! When I said to MARK ``I'm your big fan!`` he only nodded me saying nothing....
I could have his autograph on DVD!!
My sister is in high school and
my brother is in middle school.
Although I was cold, I said: ``No problem!``
he finished writing a letter to his friend, it was 1 a. m.
We decided to watch another movie called ``Source code``. It was entertaining, but there were too many mistakes about the informations technology.
Next time we will book in advance on the internet.
My favorite Podcastnamed Morning Ireland released a podcast so I will keep it on my iPod.
I tried many ways to relax: listen classical music; talk with friends; a cup of hot milk.......
I usually wake up around 6: 00am.
My friend in NZ introduced me to these funny comedians!
I don't have any foreign friends near here, and I don't have enough money to go to English school.
It is designed to keep the right temperature by the roof made of warm felt and the wrapping cloth easily flips partly open.
This technology which can provide electricity anywhere is very good for their lifestyle moving through the vast steppe.
I know it's a little arrogant to contribute consecutive entries and beg such a favor.
My company recently expressed that they want employees to study English, to be successful
First, our president sends an English message to every employee
Some of my colleagues have already worked overseas in China, India, America...
Yesterday and today I've been to Toyohashi, Aichi prefecture to attendattending anin-house conference, called Research Policy Retreat.
I stepped on a cockroach accidentally!!!!!
Moreover, according to a book, more and more companies tend to value their abilities or personalities over their careers.
Therefore, salaries should be paid for the results of daily work such as thier perfomance and the benefit they have brought to their workplaces.
One thing that I think really interesting is that each person has a different perception about the temperature by each hometown.
By the way, this year's summer is crazy!!
A few days ago, the highest temperature in my room was 36. 5 degrees!
Instantly, I doubted my thermometer.
I always thought this sport would be too tiring for me.
But, while playing basketball I was so excited, after all.
Now, I'll keep playng!
Nice to meet you.
It would be a fantastic school....
Not outside, no stories to talk about with my friends.
Hello, my wonderful friends. When I don't go outside my house,
By the way, I am feeling muscular pain in two days after I got exercise.
Friday is called 'HANAKIN' in Japanese.
So residents are required to help each other and participate in committees.
There are many committees like the Representative Committee, Bath Committee and Welfare Committee.
Unfortunately, some members of the Network comittee graduated in the last month.
But we, Japanese, use Chinese letters that have their own pronunciation and meanings when we write and read Japanese.
This is my first time to write a diary online in English.
The sunlight shining in through my window acts as my alarm clock.
However, I received an r E-mail from her saying, ``It was so fun to hear your broken funny English.``
I was very interested in that particular kind of memo, and so I researched it on the Internet.
Please tell me the differences
I like to talk about space, biomechanics, artificial intelligence, motorcycles (Yamaha Vmax owner) and something fun.
I believe there is a very good company somewhere in Japan.
I haven't eaten any sushi for a long time because there isn't any fresh fish in Frankfurt.
I've got two weeks left here in the UK which is kind of what I don't want, however part of me is also wantingto go back to Japan.
They are pretty cute and quiet.
I always have eaten meat (likesteak orhamburgers) when I go abroad.
Still don't forget the academic paper!
Spain is a quite cosy country and the people there are kind and lovely.
I was there for 2 weeks, met a lot of new people and made friends with them.
I was tired, because I took over the job.
I have to get up early tomorrow morning.
I think he has deeply understands Japan and its culture.
The practice time for playing the violin has to be maintained for a successful audition.
Therefore, September is the last opportunity during which I will have time to study English.
I know talking with foreigners is an important thing to do topractice Eng.
He refused to take responsibility and exchange my computer saying,
Despite everything that was happening, I am sure that I am still a lucky guy who was able to
When we are together, we often have lots to talk about, and if we don't, we just keep silent.
As you know, Fukushima's nuclear plant has been having trouble since March 11, the day of earthquake.
I wanted to have more conversations with him, but I could only trade FB id's.
I can understand writen English better than spoken.
So make sure take your own precautions, such as washing hands, wearing a mask, not talking to people, and staying at home all day. hahaha
I recommend it anyone who is studying second languages.
I really appreciate your help.
It's open every Saturday.
Foreigners speaking in Kansai-ben as a challenging topic
please help me!!! it's urgent!!
(Punishment fits the crime)
I regretted it so much.
I could write essey easily, so I'll try to do my best!
Please correct my wrong sentence.
we won an agricultural product this year!
I have never got gifts except at that festival.
It was sunny and muggy this morning.
It was only after a second that it started to rain heavily!
It is rather wise to follow what my mother says.
But I still feel my English is not good enough.
We talked about our research and how to be popular with girls.
She said she was pregnant, but had a miscarriage.
I assume it is because there are some reasons.
I ordered an iced coffee, and sat in a comfortable sofa.
I'm interested in this subject.
It's also a good experience which can arouse my interest in language and at the same time help other people.
I am willing to correct those articles in Traditional Chinese but Simplified Chinese seems to prevail.
Although grammar and usages are the same, I am wondering if my corrections were well understood. (grammar was misspelt)
Today I want to tell you, about my holidays.
My holiday is so boring.
Our forest is green and it grows diferent trees and flowers.
Perhaps it's because she is my baby, not someone else's.
Untill this time, from junior high school to now, I have had practice everyday at the club.
Because, I want to speak English while on Business.
I organize loudrock community website in Japan.
I would be glad to organise a loudrock community together.
A more beautiful Lang-8
It has been a long time since the last time wrote entry on Lang-8.
Please help me correct it.
I'm not familiar in programming.
And there were lots of customers!:D hehe
Every customer seem to love our shop!:)
What's the difference between ``go mad``& ``get mad``?
Anyway, I had taken TOEFL several times to get 550 point to enrollinto college.
It was huge boom to grow up in the Japanese economy andbecause of that, my parents believed I would apply for major companies such as panasonic, nintendo, and so on.
I do not know how the Americans really feel, but as far as can tell from newspapers and TV programs, they are tired of being at war, and of suffering in a financial crunch and so on.
As he mentioned in his inauguration speech, greatness is never a given.
We don't much go out to eat much, but sometimes it's fun to go to restaurants that we have never been to before.
I was not ready about today's topic which is ``habits`` and ``fun story``.
I can't speak and explain what I'm trying to say to other members in English.
I always wait and listen to other member's topic.
One member enrolled about a week ago said that although there is many members but it's too quiet.
I decided even though I have mistake with my explanation and grammer.
Yesterday I went to listen to a design speech with my classmate.
But I felt satified after listening that speech.
Sometimes, listening to a positive talking or happy perform may give us power to live in this complex generation.
About 3 months ago, she told (disclose is very formal) me that she had some feelings for the guy, so I gave her some advice to test if the guy had any feelings for her.
In addition, I don't know why, but some Australians can speak Japanese.
I still remember that.
He said it was so complicated to explain.
Seems I was ready to disbelive everybody and everything that might happen on this day.
The animal symbols are representative of twelve specific years.
We also call those twelve years ``one period``.
And if you were born in a year when the animal symbol was the rabbit, you are called a ``rabbit person``.
I am a chicken person.
Diary start
The first day I went to school I was very excited because everybody was very kind.
My first friend is Iand J because I play math board games
Then I do science but I don't understand English so can someone
cafeteria.
His father is a Japanese Judo player.
To be honest, I would like to buy CDs of my favorite bands but because I'm broke now, I waited for the rental.
Ever since I listened to their music, I have been fascinated with them.
Though I bring my home to my PC for work, his e-mail was transferred to my mobile phone.
healthy.
I made up my mind to study English intensively until I become fluent.
stupid.:(
I understand what he wrote, but I don't find
I am also interested in why they conquered South America.
I am going to read the history of Latin America.
Recently I finished a big exam and realized how important English is. Also, I want to be qualified for being an exchange student next year.
My unforgettable winter vacation
Although the vacation is over, the nice memories are still in my head.
I feel so proud for the development.
I upload some photos and share with my dear friends.
If you want to know more about, please write to me.
The original story comes from Heidis Lehr-und Wanderjahre.
She graduated and has been a civil servant in another city, since then our love has been harder and harder to keep.
As I guessed, she had read the SMSes saved in my cellphone and found out I was dating other girls and that I was contacting my ex-girlfriends and it had hurt her deeply.
Below is more detailed information from Wikipedia
I watched Oprah's 2008 Stanford commencement address on that website.
Fortunately, I got to know the lady who works at City Hall and helps Japanese who want to study at the base.
She is soooo cooperative and helpful.
Actually it costs a lot of money to pay the tuition and fees.
But I also thought it might be a great chance to study in REAL AMERICA without leaving Japan.
Everything hides in the deep forest
I've been envying those who are able to model as 3D models with beautiful curves.
I believe that is a necessary skill for an industrial designer.
I haven't log in to Lang-8 for more than 3 months, because I spent more time on dancing in my spare time.
I'm really grateful to you
People want their life to be special and want to live differently than others.
More and more people seem unsatisfied and think ``my life should not be like this.`` Though, they usually don't act to protest society's flaws and do not improve their own situations.
Team work is the most important thing in Japan and team performance is highly esteemed.
If somebody was inferior to others or incompetent, I was blamed by the boss.
I don't write his advice here because I think everybody has a different situation.
But they spent too much time in preparing and, when they wanted to sing a song after the introduction, the music teacher asked them to stop.
My doctor said Japan and South korea have the highest asthma mortality rate.
The karaoke industry should introduce official music videos into the karaoke machine.
I've just watched Fulham vs Newcastle play a live match at Fulham's home stadium.
Then I will decide my favourite team and register as a member.
Also, I don't know as much about English writing or English listening skills as other people do.
Enjoy the nice summer weather ~ ~
Today I met the models the agency sent to our class, but I decided to not choose any of them.
I know the fashion industry demands this extreme thinness, but I don't think its beautiful.
Mount Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
I don't know how to explain it (or ``explain my feelings``) to my girlfriend.
She said that people who only contact each other via messages and calls are silly.
How to remember/ memorize more words and use them rightly
There is a woman with her hands all over her on this sleeve.
I'm going to visit Ecuador next week.
Also, I'm a little nervous about A (H1N1) virus, because I have to take an airplane, which means they also use the airport which is one of the routes of infection annouced by most publc news media.
Like human beings conqeured the Black plague in the past.
You can see beautiful views in the picture.
If there is interaction between characters, the system should consider all characters.
So beautiful and cute.
I and my husband and my son have heavy hay fever.
These days I've been thinking about dreams and visions of university students just like me.
Living in this society, we face lots of problems and feel distressed when we have no success or any kind of accomplishment.
We are too busy to remember that pure and noble reason why we are studying here and now.
I sympathize with those young people who are melancholic and depressed in this society.
or I am just a slave of this competitive society? ``Whatever the situation is, I really want to find my true value and live authentically as myself!
Now, the Japanese government regulates imported rice by imposing high tariffs.
I agree that the government should protect rice farmers from cheap imported rice because Japonica rice is definitely better than imported rice.
Recently I have been feeling something strange.
When I woke up and looked at the clock, I was surprised.
Its script is very good and the designs of the* other* planets, aliens and vehicles are wonderful.
But when I want to pick it up, I find it really difficult to balance these two languages---Japanese and English well.
Sometimes I even ask myself whether I have the ability to acquire these two languages at the same time.
It is so fun and I think it's easy.
And pronunciations are easy for Japanese, grammar is similar to English.
For this porpose, I should study hard and work hard for travel expenses!!
I lost the name of the person who sent me a friend request.
If you see my diary, please send me a friend request again!
But I don't think the following ones are correct, though the similar forms (e) and (f) are natural sounding.
Although I did not believe in his existence until watching this, Superman exists in the world! Thanks to him, I get to believe that there are a lot of things which are beyond our imagination in the world.
I always think that relationships with people are difficult.
I'm going to the library this afternoon.
Of course, not only books are there but it's also a comfortable place to me.
HattoriKid is one of my Lang-8 friends.
About the animation: Fullmetal Alchemist
I watched a very popular animation program in Japan called ``Fullmetal Alchemist`` with my children.
It includes the human's karma (desire to reunion with lost mother), the Seven Sins and the war generated from the worship etc.
Especially, I can't get one woeful image out of my mind: it's the image of the chimera animal made from a innocent girl and her big pet dog.
I don't think this is specific thing because this is just literally talking, not some sort of speech or presentation.
That's why I sometime hesitate to talk in a class, trying not to making mistakes and be humiliated, which I think is just lazy as well.
I think this is a hilarious show where a bunch of guys and girls hang out together and have a life filled with comedy and other ridiculous things.
As a man, he should compromise a bit.
but he is so bad tempered and irritable that I can't bear it.
Thank you very much.
A large portion of new games are released on PSP or Nintendo DS.
I remembered that I need to go to the supermarket to shop with friends. We will eat steamboat tonight at home and will play cards and mahjong.
He is a very famous korean actor.
He is good performer, especially to expresss setive emotion.
the play is so famous in Korea.
My friends are not interested in plays T ^ T
I didn't know what trust is.
I guarantee that nobody will find these bodies unless the landform is changed extensively by something.
Finally, I established my objective to major in history.
I will be going to canada to study for one year in august.
I don't know why I had to see such dreams, but when I was dreaming, I had many things to do, more importantly a deadline was threatened.
I was exhausted because I moved the office's things all day long.
That's a refreshing feeling for me though.
I just finished taking shower.
I met such lovely friends from all over the world who I wouldn't have met if I hadn't come here.
I was really really grateful that I met them..
He has to find another job in this desperate moment.
My wife took child-care leave, but she went back to her job in February, so we have had less time to take care of the children than before.
Now I have complete some of my tasks, I wish I could write in my journal and proof read my Lang8 friend's journal like before.
There are many shopping centers.
Everything was very delicious.
On the last day, my friends celebrated my birthday.
They held a birthday party for me.
We drank Makgeolli and ate cake!!
Every scene is actually real!!
Thisfilm has many ironic and humourous messagesdealing with celebrities, eco business, and homosexuality.
It is very direct, so people under 15 years old cannot watch this movie in Japan.
He can speak Deutsch fruently, andwhen he spoke English in the movie he had a german accent.
Oh, I've quite forgotten to write ``every little helps`` in my first journal!
Nice to meet you all& yorosiku onegaisimasu!!
Anyway, This Saturday is my school festival.
I'm a leader of the Inhwa herald, our English newspaper club.
I've been studying English for several years, but there are really few opportunities for me, like most Japanese people, to write in English and use English in conversation.
I really need to brush up on my English, and it would be a great help if you correct my English.
Although I had a bad score in Economics, I still got a second chance in my cram school exam.
When I was in Tokyo, my sons went to school and to their football clubs by themselves.
Every time I listen to my voice, I feel very embarrassed by my English, my way of talking, and my voice itself.
His physical condition has recovered.
First, I have to do exercise everyday.
Apparently I threw it away when I was sleeping. It was uncomfortable because I had a stuffy nose.
I expect CNN is very difficult, extremely hard, smashing me.
2. (which is a better sentence??)
Is there any grammer mistakes in the following dialogue
But I am not sure what my attitude made them angry.
I explained to the people who came for the first time as an experienced worker.
When they were talking in English, their talking speed was so fast that I could hardly understand e what they were talking about.
I've not decided yet.
I don't understand why my alarm didn't work.
I have no idea about it!
Hong Kong (ese) people speak Cantonese too.
This spring, Japan is very hot in comparison with last year.
My wife and I really are big fans of it and my wife named our dog ``Hal`` after the super computer in this movie.
That was why the students had complained to me about the contents and direction of my class.
amazing!
Christmas day, I went to watch illuminations in Roppongi and omotesando with my friends.
I think Melbourne's enviorment is very suitable for living.
Cosmetic surgery
If the cosmetic surgery is able to remove the complex of appearance, they will be able to regain their confidence
I think cosmetic surgery is good.
Maybe it's their culture, so if you want going to Hong Kong you had better don't mind it.
In Hong Kong, my strongest impression is the shopping malls, outlets and night places, especially the night places, so beautiful and so good, it's the most beautiful night place I have seen.
The KTX (Korea Train Express) ran very fast at super high speed, approximately 300 km/ hr.
Thanks to everyone who corrected my poor english
/ The First time I saw the movie was when I was a high school student.
I like cooking various soya-bean milk; sometimes I put some red dates into it, and sometimes I mix it with a little black rice, still oat, ormosia, black sesame...
I have to say my mother is an ace food buyer.
Moreover, undergrad students come too!
Be careful with Ninjya, though you can't lol (another typographical error)
All restaurants in the huge waterfront area were reserved for us.
I have two more choices which are to use the bus or to use the train, but the buses run infrequently near my house and it takes time to walk from my place to the nearest station.
There are a lot of buildings which I think are European (?)
Mom is so talkative that she is always talking to me.
In Japan, we have a holiday for three days straight this weekend! However, highway traffic will be very heavy and most highway tolls will be the maximum of 1000 yen because of the holiday! So I will stay home this weekend.
And his daughter is puzzling...
I should wait until my professor explains the meaning of this novel.
I have been studying English for 3 years in Japan but I have only been to Hawaii.
Personally, l don't like living in New Zealand.
When you look up a word in this dictionary, it always gives you a clear definition of the word in a user-friendly layout.
I used to use a Japanese-English one (and admittedly still use it from time to time), but now I usually use the English-English one.
This is because I find that it is a more efficient and interesting way of learning a language to read the definition of each word in its original language.
Beside this, the more harder part in the English language is the pronuncation (talk), the combinations of characters do not have the same sound that I can find in my native language and the same combination have a different pronunciation in others words, this is a nightmare for me.
I hope lang-8 and all their wonderful people help me to improve my communication skills.
What I am expecting from this post is to know how I am doing with my grammar, my vocabulary, and my english expresion.
This morning I went to work, my father has a place inside the local market so I go there and work as the cashier.
When I am at work there is not much to do, so I pick up my notebook and start to practice my hiragana/ katakana, I hope some day be as good at that, so that I would go to Japan to sharpen my skills, my all life my dream was to work in international business and to be working all over the world, but now it seems so much like a dream, that much of the time I feel down unmotivated. Getting back to the main point, after I finished my work at my fathers place I took my computer and watched some anime material I did have in.
Afterwards I met my friends, at a movie theater to see the movie ``monsters vs alliens``. The movie was cool and perhaps had some random topics in it.
My boyfriend is an American.
In the wake of big mayhem like september 11th, Japan's security level was leveraged especially at the airport so as to take precautions to prevent violence swiftly.
Sherlock and his old friend Dr.
Watson spent many hours looking in the mud on Laver Gill Moor.
Watson thought it was not possible to find the answers, but Sherlock thought every mystery has an answer.
What a long time ago.
I didn't get back until 9 PM last night.
I want to watch more movies and dramas from foreign countries.
I know nothing about the relationship between men and women in foreign countries.
But actually we were totally chicken, even though some woman passed by, We did nothing.
also if you are learning Korean, let's be a friends with each other
Jessica Alba and Michelle Rodriguez appeared in Machete.
Because she was younger than me, I paid for the meal.
Although we only had Fried Dumplings and some noodles, it was more expensive than I had expected.
Please answer.
What do you think about the difference between spending about a hundred thousand vnd travelling by bike and paying only 50000 vnd for a commuter ticket.
Furthermore, if you travel by bus, you don't have to wait in line to buy a parking ticket, or pay a fine because you went through a red light or were riding without a safety helmet.
I used to see some terrible bike accidents so maybe travelling by bus is safer.
Besides, when the weather is bad-too hot or too cold-choosing the bus for travelling is sensible.
In the (translation to) Portuguese, all these sentences are right.
That's why Present Continuous and Present Simple are so tricky for us, brazilians.
I think I could not lose weight because I already had rice and coke as well as pizza at lunch time.
In spite of the rain, I have a great passion for Archery....
I haven't been able to see her for a few days.
Also, it is still connected to a worker's promotion or career track after entering the company.
I know the governor of Miyazaki used to be a comedian, but after studying politics at Waseda University, he was elected as a governer.
I think the media's influence was inportant for him because if he was not well known as a comedian, he would not be elected as (a) governor.
In Japan most people are punctual and honest.
Last week, I went on a picnic and ate barbecue at a restraurant
It exceeded 30 degrees Celsius today.
Today I found a news article which was written about the European payment system.
Recently, I have beenlooking for payment services abroad for my business.
That white paper is convenient for me.
He can't speak in complete sentences.
poor weather forecast in Shanghai
The weather forecast was totally wrong.
I'd like to make a good sentence, but it is not easy.
I'm beginner of sutdying English.
In various business scene, English ability has been requied recently>. <
But it was too late perhaps, they didn't give me anything.
Even if my brain was not totally in it's place, I was still able to do a 20 Japanese character study instead of the required 30.
We will have an overnight stay in a traditional Japanese hotel (Ryokan).
Nagoya Granpus claimed their first J-League title yesterday.
Colorado Rapids got their first title of MLS on the same day.
Thank you for reading this!
Japanese people are ardent insect fans
I saw this story in a Japanese journal.
Yangyang felt guilty for not staying at home at the time when there was a fire.
The wall is a wall around myself, the river is a river that is flowing in myself, and the smoke is smoke from burning myself.
His pieces were (are?) displayed at Yokohama triennial.
I study Italian too. I feel that this language is fresh because I have studied Italian forthree months.
Those sandwiches are shwarma made with chicken in a special way.
The last one is baklava.
As it turned out, my anxiety wasn't justified, and the music intrigued me after a few minutes of listening.
I hadn't noticed any sharp changes of dynamics like an Opeth and dynamics changes so smooth that heavy fragments are separated by only a little (small?) changes of tone of instruments and a particular emphasis in the drummer's rhythm.
In my opinion, the best track on this album is 'Not Unlike the Waves'.
And you want to return to this world again and again...
I've just moved here at the end of August.-> August
I'm studying my spanish textbook..
Last semester, my Spanish professor said the midterm would be very difficult and the final exam, which is weighted strongly in my final semester grade, would be very easy.
Today is so hot, even at night, it still feels hot in my room.
``Dragon Ball Z``
Breathing Exercise
I attended a breathing exercise class called ``KIKO``.
It is like Yoga but a bit different.
She has been doing this for 9 years at another training hall in Osaka, which is two hours by train.
so it 'sa little strange.
First day
The beach was crowded with visitors.
first, they are going to lose their confidence.
Thanksto everyone who edits this.
My favorite American TV show is Friends.
We enjoyed swimming and doing other activities.
E-mail
I am doing my best (watashi ha ganbaru), and I am really enjoing it, no matter if thing not always go as smooth as I can wish.
And we can manage to solute the problem of low birthrate.
I have worked in this company for two years after graduation, This company is a state company, no employee ever worries of being out of work.
I don't how to work in this company, I am only in the beginning of my work time, maybe I should change my perspective on working, Unlike other older employees I should always remember that I am young, I need deal with
Then, I jumped because I felt swetty.
This light has the performance of low energy and high brightness.
If there is the controller to change the brightness, even better.
I finished reading ``How Starbucks saved my life`` today.
He started cleaning the store toilet and began to learn valuable things through his job and finally found his true happiness in his new job and unfamiliar environment.
I like both of fiction and non-fiction!
Correct feedback helps students to improve.
how different are feedback and assessment in English?
the temperature is getting lower and lower.
Past experiences (Please someone help me. I am going to write this topic in this Friday's exam.)
I walked through the entrance of the alley to wait for a motorbike taxi but a minibus came instead and I decided to get in.
Seattle Mariners were/ went againsttheLos Angeles Angels.
But after I understand the first sentence, the second one has already been said.
After my lunch, I went to an rental video shop and rented 5 DVD.
When the concert started, I didn't know most of the songs and I wondered why there were 5 people on-stage.
I work for a pharmaceutical company, so sometimes I have to use English for my business.
Anyway for the first time I visited church, I felt that there was something there which I had been yearning to have, eager to know.
And I would like to improve my English writing ability to pass the intermediat level of General English Proficiency Test.
We were completely taken aback, but we decided to search for the wallet on the same pavement on which we had ran.
The company produces mostly cosmetic products.
I may go on business trips to the overseas branch someday, by some chance, I may be transferred there for a while.
But everyday this bottle tenaciously appears somewhere in the race, and then disappears the next moment.
I paid 4935 for it
The office was quiet because of the holiday so we ate out at lunch,
My new friend messesged me ``happy language``.
I am very tired now.
Though Japanese are known to like fish extremely much, Sakanakun particularly has an extensive knowledge about fish.
Japanese chicks are easy targets
I see so many Japanese chicks in the city.
Getting married with anAustralian guy is aneasy way to get PR in Australia, so some Japanese chicks try to win over Australian guys.
Japanese chicks are popular in Australia, but it doesn't mean Japanese chicks are beautiful.
Those Japanese chicks probablythink ``if we can get Australian boyfriends, we could easily study English and get PR. It's the easiest way to master English!``
It's ridiculous, There is no ``shortest way`` to master another language. They can't understand that.
Most Japanese chicks get dumped by aus guys.
Of course those bitches thenlook for theirnext partners and then get dumped again later lol
I am really disappointed with (by) Japanese people who live in sydney, especially some of the chicks.
It is very popular in Japan.
I already heard the news from his mother's greeting card.
He wore the costume of an anime character.
It was broadcast on Sunday in the late afternoon.
But I was out just then, so I recordedcopyed it.
Seeing people falling down from the skyscrapers was horrible.
BTW I have a grammatical question, which one is correct?
based on what grammatical rule?
Alcohol and Drug Education Program
To continue something will bring you great power.
For everything, to continue is most important thing.
For example, walking for health, learning foreign language, etc..!
But I don't think I can get it, because it's a little difficult for me.
This day me and my family was on picnic and after that, when we have been going home by car, my dad gave me 1 lesson of driving car.
Even though I'm Korean, I am staying in INDIA right now for studying abroad.
I know I have problems with grammar, especially with phrasal verbs and idioms.
I think I will rewrite it here and find someone who can explain it to me.
Have you seen Japanese mobile phones in Japan?
Eva's new movie will be released this summer, and the characters use this phone in the movie.
My breakfast for this morning was protein powder mixed with water.
I graduated from college and majored in radiology.
Currently, I am workind in the cardiac and vascular center at Samsung Medical Center.
I am an outgoing person who has a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
I want to make many international friends and have good relationship with them.
I'll graduate University next year.
And, I have been singing at an acappella group during my university life.
In fact, seniors born after World War II, in the generation of babyboomers, will rapidly enter their aging years in the near future. Meanwhile, the birthrate in Japan is declining.
Anyhow, this inclination will possibly put a heavy burden on the next generation's shoulder.
I think the elderly people will be expected to work into their later years to reduce the burden on the society.
I'm always thinking of them every day. Even though we have never seen each other in real life, we always have a wonderful time together on Skype, MSN and on our webcams since I came to Lang-8 and met them.
My day is really wonderful. Actually, when I come home I need to turn on my computer before I take a bath because I would like to see them and read their comments on my page.
my wonderful friends. ``
Because witting the article is difficult, I don't know which way is right.
I heard that he chose to kill himself last Friday.
Now I have only half a container, about 10 liters.
Recently I've been interested in martial arts.
I hope someday to challenge.
Going to the sea
I want to speak English so I decided to write at Lang-8 in English from now on.
Last weekend I had a drink with one of my old friends.
Second, I have to wash our dishes after having dinner.
I went to the Toba aquarium and Ise temple.
I feel like I can be a good mom. (No, I cannot say this only because of the lunch box haha)
But many people advised him not to do it.
The news was broadcasted all over the world and he delivered his speech in English.
I Googled, rechecked on the web and found it on Youtube.
Lots of novelists like me tend to choose the opposite decision.
I wish the war disappears and a peaceful world will arrive before long.
Alan gives a long closing which is passionate and---like shirley said---always makes people find the darker side of themselves.
I've seen a Japanese translator using this show for continued learning of English.
Keeping a diary is a good habit.
because my friend has come back from Japan.
I have not eaten rice yet.
I am bit hungry.
I did not plan a costume for the party.
In conclusion, English is marvelous!
Today, I had a New Yea 'rs party with my colleages in my company.
But, I had very happy time at the New Year's party.
Alcohol makes people happy.
we ate lunch there.
I was disappointed about that.
It was a great time.
But, I am double majoring in mechanical
(I think it should be English literature or English education, right?
but, at my uni it is just Englgish..
To coordinate the work of TA evaluation and TA certificate: TA Evaluation Forms start to conduct during the 13th of Dec.
After arriving at the station, we went to the hotel we had a reservation with first, and checked in, then we went to another hotel to have lunch, of course my wife had found this.
So I cancelled one dolce.
After the meal, we went on a stroll around San Marco, which is the symbol of Venice, I'll talk about it next time.
Look at this clip, please:D
In China, every student in a university has to take the test.
But the first book is a real autobiography of Mineko Iwasaki and the second one is just fiction.
Then we gradually realized that the shake was weird.
Our manager murmured ``It's weird....
However, when it comes to our office, some windows and doors were destroyed by the quake.
Tokyo Electric Company decided to cut the power tomorrow so that the nuclear plants in Fukushima will be able to recover....
My hobby is listening to music.
I'm a first year university student.
At first, we didn't even know how to start a conversation because we've never had a similar experience before.
Yesterday's otumami was gizzard, fried chicken, okonomiyaki, and something else.
But, I do not have an interesting theme.
I thought I could translate my favorite Japanese music!
Here in Miyagi, we had few utilities-no water or gas.
In particular, there were wide desks for directors with transparent glass dividers.
I am not going to criticise my company's facilities but just want to compare them.
I hope you take advantage; I hope you see things that surprise you, I hope you feel things that you have never felt, I hope you meet people with different opinions, I hope you are proud of your life; if you aren't, I hope you have the strength and you can begin it again. ``
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
I was shocked by what she said.
Today is mother's day, so I went to a department store with my wife to buy a present for my mother.
because stuffed animal suits are a little bit childish.
Today I'll write about my family.
Today I had a class about education.
We do not have to plan.
I have 4 family members: my father, mother and little brother.
My father is moderate, he is not so agreeable.
My little brother is active, he likes playing soccer.
in the afternoon, my aunt asked us to visit her villa.
So my company decided tomorrow will be a holiday.
Tomorow is opening day at Sun Peaks Resort for winter lift operetions!
Of course I'll go snowboarding tomorow.
Today was a day off.
I enjoyed this summer!
The first day, I went there at midnight.
But, I always think that it would be troublesome for them.
But when I see this festival I forget my boredom.
My daughter likes to put syrup on vanilla ice cream.
Day by day, it becomes well-developed.
But still to read writing by non-native speakers, studying Japanese, helps me to understand Japanese grammar (more) clearly and gives me the joy of discovering how Japanese is learned/ acquired/ thought of by another culture.
Anyway, we will see. I'm only sure of one thing, that I will keep practicing my English with or without Microsoft:)
I met another Japanese recruiting company's staff to arrange job interviews in Bugis (a name of a place).
He told me he would want to know my English skills, so we had a conversation in English for around 5 minutes.
I could arrange interviews for Japanese and foreign companies.
First, the upside to the urbanization is that it makes our lives convenient.
I was so excited and expecting a good ending but...
This Saturday I took part in an American contest FLEX consisting of three rounds.
Now I have no idea what to write))) Next time, I think, I'll write something more valuable.
Blue tinctured curtain is popular.
It's similar to Japanese Karate, but I can't discern their difference because I even don't know about Katate that much.
, for example, kindergarden (My daughter's starting kindergarten in a year and a half), favorite foods (Our children are too picky about what they eat), etc...
To conquer the British accent, I have started to watch British dramas
I teach physics, Ana teaches Japanese, Ega teaches Indonesian, and Yanti teaches music.
Learn something from the fault instead of blaming yourself.
I have to write an essay in about 200 words.
Some are popular landmarks and have many people visit every day.
We will learn by chatting about different topics and news headlines (stories). It's not a video chat but only typing. because My computer's output broke down and I can only hear other people's voices and you won't be able to hear mine. I think it's unfortunate, so we will learn by typing.
Native English speakers who just want to know the the different thoughts between Eastern and Western cultures by discussing international issues and everyday news.
I feel we should treasure Japanese culture.
I have studied English hard, but I thought that it was regrettably meaningless if I couldn't use it.
In Japan, for example, when the total amount is 900 yen, and I receive 1000 yen, I will say that I return to you 100 yen or something of the sort.
But, I'm feeling that to increase my English skills, especially listening is difficult for me.
I followed her to see a specific house for rent.
I like learning Japanese and English, reading and traveling in my free time.
Today I swam with Manatees in Crystal river, it was second time I've seen them.
Manatees are considered as an origin of mermaid.
She told me to search for ``piano`` and song names on Youtube, and that I could find a lot of clips to teach me how to do it.
This car isn't good for parents. I don't know much about cars, so I don't know whether this car is expensive or not.
To tell you the truth, I was totally uninterested in the snowboarding events in this year's Olympics.
but recently I didn't study that much.
A big earthquake occurred yesterday.
When I asked my friend ``Who is Jesus``, she laughed at me.
It really different me because I never to make up..
I should be going to wash my dresses for tomorrow
Today, I had a practice with my violin classmates. (How can I say this??) We played 'Edelweiss' and some other songs.
because I think it maybe better to study English there,
Originally it was Chinese food.
And then, recently a new type of Ramen appears.
Tsukemen is different from ramen, the soup and noodles are served separately.
However, learning about this is very reasonable (understandable) if you understand the similarities between the Vietnam War and the Korean War.
They knew all the military secrets of South Vietnam.
What this is telling me is that there must be a lot of spies in South Korea as well.
I was an abacus teacher at cram school at that time, so I decided to email her. Finally, we have exchanged hobbies successfully.
My sister likes language exchanges and studying more than I do. I like hobby exchanges or taking part in different kinds of activities.
Why are double teeth considered charming in Japan?
I prefer an (in person) interview over a written exam, because grammatical mistakes in the interview are gone in a moment, but my written exam paper with many mistakes will exist until we are all familiar with each other.
Thirdly, they recommend that I should use ``I`` instead of ``we``.
I would like to say ``we accomplished the project`` or ``I accomplished the project as a member of a working team``.
I know that there are many cultural differences between Europe and Japan.
And the cultural differences have influenced my own way of thinking.
Could you please give me your suggestions frankly, and let me know if the suggestions on the web site are true or not?
If I had a girlfriend, I would travel to a foreign country this year...
Everything is so strange.
I thought the river is very polluted, however, frogs still can exist under those conditions.
I grabbed the frog and placed it in a box.
This is my first time to write a Lang-8 diary.
I visited Nijojo Castle as part of a Kyoto bus tour.
Inside, the castle is so dim that we could barely see the wall and ceiling pictures.
If we had had sunny weather, we could have enjoyed walking around much more.
Are these sentences correct?
Please teach me, are these sentences correct?
Tomorrow is Labor thanksgiving Day in Japan ^ ^
I think it is very wasteful to live all my life here.
It is a great opportunity to work in a country which speaks a different language.
Language is wonderful way to have contact with foreign people.
I couldn't get up
However, I cannot practice pronunciation on a train.
Hi, I'm a new exchange student of Aalto Univ. in Helsinki.
If you find a grammatical fault, just pinch it out please.
I haven't met my friend recently, so I was happy to see her.
This future is kind of horrorific.
There seems to be no moral in the story, but you could find what the problems in Japan are.
Hello everyone!!
I worked overtime last weekend
I was very satisfied.
Mario, Pokemon and Sailor Moon:>
The shipping method was DHL premiere shipping mail.
At the beginning of our trip, I had a very nice time with them but on the last day of our trip, we got into a rollover accident.
Nobody wasn't hurt, but I worried a lot because that car was rented and we were driving it.
The moment I noticed like this, I decided to find a different sport.
I recently read a book about translation and language.
At the beginning we were going to go only to New York and stay there for a month, but my girlfriend's father lives in Miami.
We visited Miami Beach, with its wonderful white sand and crystalline water,_ and relished wonderful food, because my girlfriend's father is a great cook.
To sum up, I have had a beautiful experience with excellent company and visiting excellent places.
I am surprised, so I decide to go for a swim too.
But the weather was raining, I give up.
It is quite difficult.
Though it has some words written like Chinese words but they have different meanings and pronunciation.
I graduated from junior high school in june.
This decision will influence my future forever, so I must be very careful.
One joke from my friend
I guess my push ups and situps was bad, and I was very suprised.
I listened her voice and I missed her.
``I'm afraid I could not afford this in Japan!!!
Now I am an undergraduate in
I logged into my account on Lang-8.
In the near future I want to visit many countries.
old korean people think that the son is important.
Since I couldn't understand anything, I don't know what should I do during the class.
She knows that I want to improve my Japanese and my English, so she introduced me to this website.
basketball fans.
Someday I want to travel around the world.
written by Ted Chiang.
I'm interested in the issues about time travel mentioned in this story.
This site is so amazing that I continue to write diary entries.
I'm wondering if I should keep studying conversation more, or change subjects.
I have 4 classes, and all subjects are conversation.
Other students usually coverall subjects.
I study English and Chinese at the university in Japan.
ayamaru or machigaeru-to be mistaken
atsumaru-to gather
It is possible to arrange one more ticket for ``trance energy`` for one of the girls in my house.
I wish that she would come with me because we will be doing something together.
I'm so excited.
Hello friends, this video.
This is the first time I have tried to upload anything, so it's a bad video but just a test.
I stayed at home with my nephew and one of my nephew's use my telephone to record the video.
I saw her for the first time in six years.
Somebody just corrected my diary, but I don't know how to say thank you.
Algumas vezes eu jogo Dance Dance Revolution.
There are 50 poems with pictures accompanying them.
I will try hard.
It's 3 US $ for 2 different movies but the equipment is not as good as that at the first-run theaters.
Hope I will get good news!
I'm Japanese.
However, my English vocabulary is very limited.
Reading is the best way for me to improve my vocabulary.
I found a potential land parcel in an advertisement, and visited a real estate company.
It is a very beautiful place having a marvellous landscape.
At that time, we went from church to the host family `s house.
We were halfway from church to their house
I was really surprised.
It is the first marvellous sky I have seen like that.
I will contact student of various countries.
I think that it is important for me to concern world education.
Since I want to be an exchange student in Sweden, I must improve my spoken English.
As a stomach doctor, my little uncle who is also my grandma's son, gave her a series of medicines, and hoped she could survive another five years or more.
I found my favorite song again, but the video features a different player..
He has really nifty fingers when playing the guitar.
Tha mi ag ionnsachadh feallsanachd.
I am a Urdu speaker, but I want to know how I can speak Farsi.
Some roads don't have a cycleroad/ bike lane or a sidewalk.
I need another sense of driving in Japan.
This afternoon, I used a subway to go to the centre of my city.
I wonder if public manners for young girls is changing
I live in a dorm and I have four roommates.
It takes about 20 minutes by car.
Therfore, I have to ask someone who has a car to take us to the grocery shop if we need some fresh food, like vegetables, fruits, or meat.
Also, we ate a many kinds of food, for example Yakisoba, Tamasen, banana which covered with chocolate.. etc.
We enjoyed a school festival.
And we watched Michael Jackson's movie ``This is it``.
Actually, I didn't know details about Michael jackson until he died.
Because I mainly liked rock music.
``Michael is great.
``Mathematics,`` ``Physical Exercises,`` ``Music`` or ``Geography?`` (They all) These are only the titles of subjects, but when you don't know at least one of them, I think it may cause you a good deal of frustration in a Japanese conversations because you can't understand/ make yourself understood immediately.
There are a lot of international student, so I want to be friends with them.
When I took the train, I saw a foreign boy.
Because he and I have mutual friends who came from Europe.
According to my memory, the bears moved widely but repeatedly visited the same areas.
I usally spend my free time playing games, watching tv shows, go to the movies, and
when I was in Laos, I met 2 foreigners and we became good friends. They knew some Japanese
Many kinds of people had different kinds of roles in the Railroad, including preachers, politicians, farmers and storekeepers.
And just 30 minutes.
well, I don't get tooo much, but it's still good deal:D
If it is possible, I will write my diary entry using at least one new unknown word in every sentence.
The usual rules of time and space don't function in this House.
There's nothing disgusting or compassionate in the novel.
Usually I don't reread books, because I'm always in a hurry to read something new.
They were very delicious!!
For example......
This grammar is difficult.
It is straight and has a wide sidewalk, I saw some people who were either walking, running or walking with their dogs.
Birds were singing and the flowers bloomed with the morning dew.
I've been reading The Wondeful Wizard of Oz.
does that mean that Dorothy finally caught Toto?
Shocking News
We also joined in something similar (Some events were held to encourage the audience in the middle of the show).
because I had stay up late yesterday.
and I had got myself for net surfing.
^ ^ Since then, I sometimes listen to my favorite Western music from my ipod when I go to school.
Thanks to this method, my listening ability became greatly improved.
Now, I'm still doing it and I wanted to improve my writing ability through this site, so I'm writing this diary.
After I talked her, I realized she is brilliant, talented,
I enjoyed their beaches, and I missed a lot with their language.
I was speaking half in Spanish, half in Portugese, so I wasn't understood by anybody.
Now I'm back, and have to accomodate my language again.
But, It didn't really occur to me to go abroad.
It expresses the mind of the speakers.
Occasionally, I am unsure how to say it (correctly?),
It was chilly today
and I'm sleepy now like I was yesterday.
She said to me ``Please give me information about Singapore if you can get a job there, because I dont want to go back to Japan``.
if you are in Singapore, give me information about that ``So, I politely and immediately answered her`` I don't have any intentions to give you any useful information about Singapore, go to hell you fat bitch.
I hate people who laugh at others who are trying to acheive something difficult ``.
Could you explain it to me, please?
It was delicious!
Fall is coming ~
When you started there was still communism, even if it was the beginning of the Perestroyka era.
But I'm not that good at writing.
It was a procession when I went to my favorite ramen store.
This store is small and many people wait for me to finish my ramen.
Next, it is a very low price and we can take trains all day except express trains.
I use many of google's applications and services.
But, he& I will both make our dreams come true.
Although it's always funny to play with 'em it's often very tiring and today we played at a playground near my flat all day long even though it was freezing cold!
The legal department is located in Germany, the headquarters in Switzerland.
Last night, I was looking at the TV program-the hundred minute talk about the MINERVA's detention sensation.
Now, the major news is about Minerva in South Korea.
Although my English course has finished a long time ago, I didn't want to stop learning.
My friends and teachers from Lang-8, would you please give me some explanations?
She's on holiday in France.
1) What's he studying?
I also like Eva, but I watched the whole story 34 years ago and now I've forgotten the details.
I had a great time with my family during the year-end and New Year holidays.
We had a delicious japanese traditional cuisine (osechi-ryouri) and went to shrine and temple.
My company started today.
The pasta's sauce is ratatouille.
But I can't see my improvements. I was dreaming I could speak English fluently, but it's still a dream which I can't touch.
I live in Northshore. Northshore is a very quiet place, especially at night.
I guess in some country it is morning or noon now.
``Torchwood`` is a very unique sci-fi drama and contains very adult things such as swearing, indiscriminate snogging and shagging, and violence.
and I quickly decided to fly over to the U.
People who had lost all their money became alcoholics or started thinking about suicide.
I have to practice lots X)
Yesterday, I made a idiom thing that was when I went out, and I forgot that I was
More and more Chinese like to travel around the country or go abroad.
Yes, I'm defnitely happy tonight, I'm going to play tonight (soccer of course), I'm sure you know that in Europe, soccer is the most popular sport
All European people have a passion for soocer, but none like Italian people. For some it is not simply a sport, but a religion, in fact every day and especially every Monday you can find a lot people, in offices, in coffee bars, on buses, everywhere you can find someone talking about their own team's match.
A beautiful actress passed away
This is a renowned line that she said in an alcoholic beverage commercial on TV.
I'm going to see the movie 'Social network' tonight at 10 o 'clock.
My English teacher said the same thing as me.
After the party ended, I went to my cousin's atelier to meet my sister.
I am learning the English language!!!!
My favorite painting is 'Fat Monalisa'. I painted it by copying Fernando Botero's style.
I went to visit my uncle. He is sick and he can't move his body because last year he fell at his house.
he is really nice. sometimes when I have a problem I really like to ask him, because he can help me solve the problem.
I looked at youtube for a long time about the animals and fish and I felt happy to watch it.
thank you very much.
Start Writing Daily in English
It is very nice weather, so today is a perfect day for me to just be lazy.
It is difficult to write a long sentence in English.
elementary school, middle school, high school..
My destination would be Africa, needless to say.
Now, the mobile-site is important for E-commerce in Japan.
Describe a person who has a good leadership.
This time the big earthquake had hit mainly the northeastern district and Kanto district.
Learning other language is difficult for me.
So I studies English for three or four hours a day since I started learning English.
I decided to start keeping this diary in order to improve my English and probably to find new foreign friends.
In my institute I study two foreign languages: English and Chinese.
Will be waiting for your comments, corrections and anything else
Class begins at 8pm with ordinary conversation for a hour, then Bible study for 30 minutes.
but he had a chance to live another life and he chose to marry.
after I saw this movie, I gradually took more care for my family.
I like to watch American TV, and my favorite is desperate housewives.
I have a Filipino English teacher named Nephelie.
Even though I ask about English everyday, she just smiles and answers my questions.
I'm sincerely thankful for her.
I've been having too much sugar recently.
Today, my friend and I will make a newspaper with this article in our English class, so I'm very looking forward to doing it!!
Yesterday, our univeristy held a graduation ceremony. Unfortunately it rained, though.
They were beautiful.
Instead of competing against each other, they can achieve goals together which will sharpen their skills and bring forth beneficial effects on their learning.
Generally, it appears that online learning is a more advanced and fruitful tool for studying.
All of his or her coworkers are busy all day long but they don't know what they are busy for.
We always spend a lot of time confirming every detail and spending more energy than others to communicate with other coworkers because he always gives us unclear tasks and seldom gives us enough support.
There are four Saudi Arabian, three Korean, one Mexican and three Japanese in their class.
I'm learning English by watching House M.
For some reason, I couldn't sleep well last night. So this morning I was very, very sleepy.
Tonight, I want to sleep better.
We talked about each other.
I've never seen an American pop-corn maker cook, so it looked so interesting to me.
I wondered if I could understand what they are talking and laughing totally, it would be more fun.
I'm grateful if you make my English correct.
Lang-8 is one of my challenges to change my daily life.
And just to make you smile I'd like to put some funny children's pictures here.
Thank Goodness..
The internet is very useful, right?!
Of course I had known about him, but the show told me that he was definitely one of the greatest baseball players ever.
Istanbul splited by Bosporus
I joined fido which is a canadian cell phone company.
It is very inconvenient and uneasy.
Recently, I neglected to study.
I am listening to some piano pieces George Winston played, especially the songs in his album ``Winter into Spring.``
Test week
It also made me feel good.
My new computer
We told about cases of each country.
I'm worried and quarreled a little, because of sensitive problem.
However I will go there someday!
I use a pen when I write a diary.
I don't know what I want to be in the future.
I added bacon and garlic to them.
This time, the drivers were very cool!
I studied how to answer CET-6 papers, and found that English is more delicate than I ever knew ~ ^_ ^ ~
I needed a break, so I wrote a very short entry and wrote a Chinese prose poem ~
Because I fell asleep at 3: 00 AM since three days ago (but it wasn't wise decision).
If someone misses a period of study, There is no way to wriggle out!
Today, I bought some dolls.
However, very few Japanese people have such a long-term experience in the States.
The reason why she likes them is that the first Japanese NBA player 'Yuta Tabuse' was on the team and she is also a fan of Amar 'e Stoudemire.
Who was in a good mood? Who was positive, and who beautiful?
Will Suntory defeat Coca Cola or Nestle if this goes on?
Allow Me To Remind You
Yesterday, I tried making a silver jewel/ jewelry from a silver clay.
At the end of extra time, Japan finally scored a goal with a beautiful shoot and won the game.
I'm a big fan of soccer and I belonged to a soccer club when I was a student from elementary school to high school.
Japan has now become the champions in Asia.
In Japan we usually get into a bath after filling it halfway with warm water.
Recently I like going to the spa near my house.
When I took one of my foreign friends to spa, she blushed because people saw her naked.
There were many foreigners and Japanese people there,
Anyway I got 2 friends, one Swedish and one Japanese.
After I came to Singapore, I have been lonely because there are no friends in Singapore. Praying everyday was getting harder but I realized the heart of the Lord.
I also live in Nagoya, therefore I `m looking forward to seeing (watching) figure skating.
Nowadays, since Kaiten-Zushi are spreaded all over Japan, we can eat Nigiri-Zushi at a reasonable price.
Today we will have a birthday party for my friend.
It was in a traffic jam, a terrible traffic jam.
Our opponents were strong.
I am the youngster
Finally the rainy season has begun in my city, after the long heat wave! It's so fresh on the street) I'm happy!
He was talkative and he talked to me a lot.
I have a cat, a dog and two gerbils.
They always help me.
thx for reading my stupid journal, I'm get better right now, thx for the medicine too ^______________ ^
I don't know how I can find friends, or where I should write my entries to get some corrections.
It's incredibly hot today!
She texted me yesterday that there is a test today and asked me the range, but I replied to her that I didn't know about any test.
I tried to buy some alcohol at CVS the other day, but they didn't accept my passport as an ID, because they only do that for Americans or Canadians.
I think conservative clothes are always good if you are trying to give a good first impression.
so please help me. Do you have any suggestions so that I can make my dream come true!!??
I thought the girl in the wedding was the most beautiful in her life.
I hope that she and her husband will be happy.
Actually, my first aim was to support my friend Kostia when he tried to talk with Arina.
But Karina, the Arina's friend, was even cuter and more beautifulto me!
That evening Kostia didn't succeed with his beloved Arina, unfortunately he was too shy and confused.
suntan and her hair is very messy.
Why has no one corrected my previous journal?
Usually, I don't know what to write...
This training program is a little hard on me physically.
He sometimes DJs for just one hour.
It's only 29800 yen including tax.
I happened to meet my friend in the center of a city.
Today, I happened to meet one of my friends who was one of my friends when I was in high school.
Throughout your life, haven't you ever thought about why you have been able to meet the same people among your friends or acquaintances over and over again in different places such as in a big city, while you have not been able to meet other friends or acquaintances of yours at all?
Based on their reports, the pool (algae plant) which has 20000 ha and 1 meter depth could supply Japanese annual consumption of oil.
I come from Taipei, and I'm not student.
My habits are playing basketball, using the computer (facebookXD), reading some economical books and comic books, and see every kind of movies.
He is doctor who lives in the U.
In two hours they did, but they were not satified!
I tried to make a short impromptu speech with thanks for my foreign friends here on Lang-8.
Maybe I'm just feeling lonely.
I, personally, felt that AVATAR's story was okay, but the visuals and 3D technology make it worth seeing.
I recommend (that) you go see it.
I will try to introduce to you the story of AVATAR briefly tommorrow.
Official Avatar Trailer
female: I wanted to have my hair cut by a female when I went to have my hair cut.
principal: The principle reason why Japanese people came to the current continent is because they were chasing Monmos.
After a long absence, I can wash my clothes.
The big earthquake and tsunami in winter destroyed many houses, buildings and cars etc.
Unfortunately, the Fukushima nuclear plant was partially destroyed, too.
I'm happy girl, because there aregood people around me.
Today, I was a couple of minutes late to school because I got up later than usual.
I should have reviewed the vocabulary before the quiz.
I suffer from a language barrier.
I hope that next time I can speak english fluently.
Since my ability of English is improving, I don't dislike it like as much anymore.
What can I do to resolve this daily problem?
(I've) Started to write a diary in English.
A few days ago, my friend and I went shopping and found that some foreigners were having coffee in Starbucks Coffee.
It was brown (in colour).
In this entry, I will tell you about my power point skills.
This is a very famous movie, so I think everybody already knows the story so I don't need to explain it.
I hardly ever listen to classical music.
We can go anywhere without a car.
Or they might stay at a cheaper capsule hotel.
Can I say I cleaned my room inside out?
I provided them with some technical support to help them pass an audit (like ISO9001 audit).
I was at the Shanghai railway station on Tuesday morning. Nanjing is not far. I spent two and half a hours on the train, had lunch in Nanjing, and started my business in afternoon.
After that, I go to bed at around 10: 00 pm, thinking of tomorrow's plan.
If you select me, you'll never regret it.
Now, I'm living and studying in Germany.
There are four subjects in this semester.
It is crunchy, yummy! yummy!
I thought it's a fine day to go cycling early in the morning.
GDP is the abbreviation of Gross Domestic Product.
That's the best thing these days. lol
I wonder if I should play truant for the Bookkeeping exam.... no no! no way!! I cant! I have to get a license for bookeeping.
The factory is in the suburbs and far from the train station.
Firstly, I found that Tube in London is not so crowded even in the rush hours.
Subways in Tokyo are very very crowded in rush hours.
There are people distributing the newspaper near the station and we can get it.
Unfortunately, I don't have my own
a lot of colonial places to visit and many foreigners.
My company's main description is listed below.
2) My company carries out transport of computers and accessories.
It is somewhat ironic; large amounts of money sleep in bank accounts but are pulled out again by criminals.
She told me that she received a call from my husband, but it was quite bizarre. [spelling]
Actually, I'm a Japanese high school student, so I study English everyday.
At the moment, I was excited because it would be very useful for me.
I definitely want to use this site, and will keep writing.
I look forward to attending an English class every Thursday.
One lady just returned from her trip to Spain!
I hope that soon I can read English novels directly and speak English fluently.
Another earthquake just occured the day before yesterday.
Today, as the first half year ends, I presented the report to the members.
Then, I was released from this job finally!
I live in Novosibirsk, if u know this is situated in Russia.
I'm interested in it, because my english is not so well, as I need = '(I think, this language is very important in my future, for my education and especially for my career.
I expect that will be very effective for our freshmen.
My hometown is very rural, so there are a lot of rice fileds.
I personally think words have power, so I'm careful of what to say.
But I realized that I'm too careful of what to say.
My friend said ``Christ got angry with you, and you have to apology to him``
I've been working hard lately in a guesthouse, on the night shift.
However, I've become relaxed and I can smile naturally,
Remembering this makes me feel like screaming, especially at night or when I feel depressed lol.
I often feel that women's job is more better than men.
If women and men work together, we can build a better company, society and world.
When I was 15 years old, I stayed only a week by a home-stay.
I couldn't go to famous places.
It's interesting why I decided to go the UK though, since I dislike it here.
I enjoy this life and sometimes I remember what happened ten years ago.
I realise, that there are many ways in which each person could increase his or her level of any language, but as I see it, this one is almost the best.
It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still.
Please check my diary and cheer me up!!
I was informed that it was the last day to work at one of my jobs yesterday while I was there.
I will try to keep this diary, using a lot of words in the future.
But, English is really difficult for me...
It was heavy, even without french fries the double-decker hamburger was enough to fill my stomach 'til the evening.
Perhaps people find that it's more healthy to eat natural food and keep a healthy lifestyle than eating processed health food and using health-related products nowadays so that they are not going to buy any health-related products.
Although people in Plainsville have set off a boom in exercise and it factually promoted the business in sports, it's possible that people there are interested in pursuing a good figure more than fitness.
And the 'fitness for life' program, which just mentioned the benefits of regular ecercise at an early age, may also lead to the improvement of business in sports.
First of all, if the costs of opening and operating a new store in Plainsville are very high, the incomes might not exceed the expenditures.
While considering the possibility that the people in Plainsville are loyal to local brands, new store would not be welcomed and accepted by the local people for that reason.
I appreciate your answers very much.
I have only watched just five stories, but I'm looking forward to watching the next story.
I'll clean my house and do the laundry, then I'm going to watch them.
It is decided by whether one's mother tongue is Japanese or not.
It took two days for me to finish ``Anne of Green Gables``, a marvelous book imbued with natural beauty and gently expressed love for life.
So I like to communicate with people;-) I'm a pacifist, open minded, friendly and unique.
I'm a person who loves nature and health.
But I promise to be more careful =)
I still remember that in the first English class she responded to our doubtful eyes that she always dressed casually and looks like a student.
I took a lot of time to write my diary.
The sun was rising up behind the Angkor Wat.
The image of the Angkor Wat was reflected on the surfaces of the ponds.
I'm a Japanese studying English in Japan.
I am a person who has no religion (I am not a Buddhist or Christian) so when bad things happen I don't blame anyone.
These three words are all uncountable nouns: fish, damage, and advice.
My daughter is two year's old.
This is the best way to learn a foreign language.
In Japan, Japanese use dish washing liquid on the dishes and then wash them off with water.
I distinctly remember the first night when I came to Australia, and had dinner with Aussie and saw her washing the dishes.
We attended this event and opened a small shop for selling some goods.
My friend broke up with her boyfriend, because she doesn `t love him anymore.
If a young person sits in these seats, they will most likely be criticized by someone else.
There was a big issue here in Korea about a woman who didn't give up her seat and even shouted at an older person.
Because I am going to go to the Philippines to volunteer in Sep, 2009.
I saw the movie ``King's Speech`` last Sunday.
I started taking so much time to find appropriate words and sometimes never find them.
I'm still alive.
I'll be really muscular.
I have known that the details about what will the film describe as when I have been preparing to become a spectator by sense& sensibility again.
After I practiced, I realized that my pronunciation made me tongue-tied.
where's my luggage (idk sp)....
Yesterday and the day before yesterday, I attended farewell parties.
Although I'm far from them, I always cheer for them from New York!!
It is the custom that we go back our parents 'home for New Years in Japan.
Originally, we wanted to have a free and independent travel, but one of our friends who had never been to Korea suddenly couldn't go with us.
I didn't believe the scenes on TV had happened in Japan in addition to Tohoku that north area of Japan.
I was born in Aomori the northeast prefecture in Tohoku.
I think Japan is an earthquake-prone country.
At that time, electricity had returned.
and bought a pair of sneakers, pants, and a polo shirt.
I thought I should have eaten it before I go to the office or have written my name on it.
I saw the movie first and was very impressed by it!
I have had a hectic time this week,
because I had a test in chaisene Do you mean Chinese?
Actually, school prevented me from going to yoga.
Fortuneately, the weather was also fantastic!
My cell phone was broken accidentally a few days ago.
So now, I'm using payphone after a long time (not exactly, cause when I was in the military I could only use the payphone, but I mean as a civilian).
Hello 2011
I want to go journey, again.
We hadn't got any vocabulary material, speech practising, and one of our teachers make major grammatical mistakes, like she said once 'they was' in a past continuous sentence!!!
It's interesting, because during her lessons, and while preparing for the lessons, I learn words much more easily than in the school.
It takes half an hour or maybe an hour, and I remember almost all the words, with only one or two exceptions.
I joined this website yesterday, and found that it is very interesting and people from here are very friendly.
The korean officer in active preparation was, regardless of me, panicked at a boarding arrangement.
My company is planning to change the website and I'm in charge of it.
It's been almost 3 months since I came to the UK to study.
Do you have high tolerance for alcohol??
Usually we play table tennis or basketball.
He doesn't think that he is handicapped and he tries to do everything which he is able to do or new things that he wants to do.
I heard someone said that watching movies is a good way of learning English. I will try this out.
using foreign languages
(Upon) Finishing my work at mountain lodge in Hakuba, Nagano prefecture, I've returned to my university.
Besides, in my Russian class, there is an American student who majors in Japanese and Russian in his home country.
That's also disappointing.
I was very surprised, and turned toward her.
Only (The) one thing I regret is that I couldn't speak English very well.
We chose one and write a resume, imagining if I apply for the job.
I told him to finish what he had to do because it could have been avoided if he just hadn't been watching TV, but he didn't continue tidying up, so I had to do it instead of him.
Ohayo gozaimasu.
Reading is my weak point.
I know it `s not good for our health.
But I want to be an early bird so I'm trying to wake up earlier than usual (although I couldn't make it this morning...)
Usual days are full of happiness.
I go to Buck County Community College to study English.
I think I will just memorize English words and sentences.
I don't know why, perhaps because I really see you as my good friend
I want many foreign people to use it.
low lighting, silence and loneliness.
However, I was glad to hear that the Japanese team had won...
I am living in southern California in America.
I will not have decided that until this weekend because I have a long winter holiday.
Some people enjoyed dancing together with friends or even other people.
I know that Bob Dylan is famous singer in America, but I can't imagine what that phrase means.
I found that there are many fashionable running outfits.
because of a whole new model change.
I thought I made it clear that tomorrow couldbe a day off.
However, I had to do it, because it was one of the activities on a business trip with our customers.
The shop did a campaign that if a person was still hungry after eating one hamburger, the shop would give the person one more hamburger.
I tried it and got two hamburgers.
I had to buy a pick, climbing iron, and Gore-Tex products.
Maybe you will find that life is so beautiful when you know something.
By the way, Tsuyoshi Kusanagi will be on television.
We ate SOMEN (Japanese food).
I'm glad to have met it.
Hi, my name is ``napoleon-fish``.
It'll so crowded and I should not get seperated from my friend.
So my garden in spring and summer is very fragrant and colorful every year.
I went to lunch with my English school friends.
Here it is buffet style.
getting a job.
But I have a many reasons for learning english.
Of course, in literature classes we heard so many times ``oh, how great is Russian language!`` (I don't remember who did say these words, but I know that it was one of our writers).
And I know only 5 kanji and a few simple sentences.
I have a slight headache.
Now I have a slight headache.
I saw someone draw many interesting pictures of their grandfather with an iphone App, so I decided to draw too.
I drew a cute pink cat the first time, but I coud n't draw any interesting pictures.
I must either study drawing from the basics, or must stay humorous?
I love my sharing feelings and experiences with people who have different thoughts and experiences, so I have thought of joining a club.
I don't know why I hesitate so much.
By the way, I'd like to sing ``start of something new`` (from high school musical)
BTW, do you think this introduction is too simple? Please correct words for me if you think it is necessary.
You said I was (still) a child in your heart, you said I have not matured, you said that our relationship should not be broken up.
He is going to try_ out for a team for the first time.
When we visited the temperate animal zone we met a few American Africans, who were trying to read the Chinese text on the noticeboard.
Out of all the zones, my favorite is the temperate animal zone because elephants and giraffes are there.
Penguins like big places for their environment, so the Zoo uses big mirrors as walls to make them feel more comfortable.
About five years ago, the government of Japan retooled the system of the law.
Now people who want to become lawyers have to graduate from college.
the exams are held in November.
Welcome to my home!
Hello, welcome to my Lang-8. com profile. Firstly, I will introduce myself, I am a 21 year old Chinese university student.
You can write in English or Chinese.
Correcting my words, grammar and so on. Thank you.
Morning doesn't have high temperature as in the afternoon.
I intended to go to Tokyo and spend time reading books or studying at my favorite coffeehouse.
24hours after the extraction, now my lower jaw is swollen.
I like jelly, but wanna eat hamburgers broadcast on TV!! They looked very delicious!
And then I'll eat hamburgers XD
When a man is walking down a street, he sees a man who is about to jump from the 10th floor.
english is so duiffcult
eighteen years but I have never had any confidence using it.
What can I do to strengthen my english skill.
restart studying English
Now I'm concentrating on studying Japanese only,
I respect John Paul II, he could speak 11 languages..
It was exciting and improved my English skills.
Expecially, when I saw Totoro in Toy Story 3 for first time I was very happy and proud of it because Japanese character appeared in such a popular and famous movie! It is amazing!
Today, I learned many colloquial words as well as bad 4 letter words.
For example, 'Take it.' (When I headed and Kinoko item appered)
I 12 years old now, so I'm gonna say good bye to my school and friends.
There are 28 students (except for those ill) in class, so we did rock-scissors-paper.
After class the last runner of the losing team was scolded by teacher because he gave up in the middle.
I hope I can make true friends here and
There are vegetables in my house.
What kind of vegetables do you like?
I try to remember to write it!
It was embarrassing because everybody stared at me then.
``Of course I will`` I replied, but he had to go to a different room shortly after that.
Bye bye my lovely family.
I really don't like earthquakes and tsunamis...
Reading and writing is okay (I can use a dictionary when I'm not sure about any word or grammar.) but speaking and listening is so difficult to me.
Every month everybody should go on vacation.
If people stay at home they could watch (watch) TV, listen to the radio, go on internet, and be lazy.
I've gone other times in the past, but now, there are new attractions, like the Dark Knight Coaster.
I miss her very much.
In this situation, her sister and I decided to change the bibimbap with her.
Yesterday I was planing to go to the skytower with my three friends but one of my friends and me had a class so our other friend had to wait for us until after school.
And after school we were supposed to go there but due to bad weather we couldn't help giving up to go to the skytower.
Then one of my friends went home.
It was good:) I ate oyako don:) The taste was similar to the one my mom cooks.
Twitter is addicting/ addictive!
I understand that Twitter helps (to) connect a lot of people, but I think that I am spending too much time on it lately...
I want to use this tool to study (and communicate using) foreign languages too.
I usually have lessons on Thursday, but I could not last week.
I woud like to buy and enjoy cakes with my family again someday.
First of all I have to overload my hands with iron and at the same time I have to decide the problems with my studies, which I was forced to skip for couple of weeks.
I like listening to music by bands such as 'the Offspring, Weezer, Sum41, Simple Plan etc'
However, my co-worker suggested that I should go see a doctor again to see if I have H1N1.
My husband brought my nephew, niece and my daughter
At the beginning, I felt nervous and didn't know how to talk with them.
I have a lot of things I want to talk about with them but I don't know how to use English to talk about it.
My sister introduced this website to me.
It's my understanding that they are identical, but my Canadian roommate said that they were different.
Don't worry my babies, It's not a rat, It's certainly a cat.
Now Minourou is like our pet, he comes and goes as he likes in our house to receive hugs. and sleep if he needs it.
He is a very social cat, he loves people, he's a real well known cat in our street, because he stays under the hole near the pavements in order to receive caresses.
Fortunately, conditions were good in Fukuoka, and I was able to get good pictures of the sun.
Then the man waves (his hands) to the woman and maybe that disturbs the woman.
Michael Jackson
I think Michael Jackson was a great pop-singer.
I took a lecture last thursday.
I'm not interested in their job, but I learned some important things from their lecture.
and, finally, I Don't give up.
I will never forget their words.
Starting Lang-8 for studying english
I haven't used Kansai dialect in a long time, because my wife hates the Kansai dialect.
It is international language, but I plan to learn french
For my laziness, I always watched funny films and cartoons only.
I bet you will get a lot of chocolate from your students.
Nowadays, I have have been thinking a lotabout my plan to go toKorea.
Hello_!
It's difficult for me to find a topic.
I've been playing a game made by another country recently.
But I've not improved my speaking or writing yet.
In 1192, Yoritomo Minamoto who was a general designated by the emperor of Japan established the shogunate in Kamakura.
While I was surfing the internet,
I saw one interview about Dr.
I really want to have a cat but my apartment doesn't allow it.
I planned to go to Okinawa this coming October.
But I had to cancel my trip due to the Swine Flu.
I said, ``I know that because I sometimes read English journals.
This is his diagnosis.
What is the medicine?
Unfortunately, there were only four of us from SPARKS there.
Lack of time to study
I was learning English compulsary in primary and high school.
A First day of language school
One day I went to a popular Japanese restaurant to have lunch.
I thought that ``this was ridiculous``, ``it was normal she didn't do that``.
To my surprise, I got an e-mail from her.
According the e-mail, she is also university student and she studys economics.
We had turkey dinner and had a great time.
I don't remember the conversation in detail, but it's true that I love her, not just like.
Although I lost 300 dollars, it was a great fun and new. experience.
-helps people train their characteristics.
The world of games is like a minature social life, which has good, bad and evil so gamers will know that they should protect good things (or people) and fight bad things (or people).
For example; I have managed to develop a good habit during the month.
Many people from different backgrounds and places chat with each other there.
Although he was small then, he has (now) grown up.
Do you know how to help a workaholic?
I think my mom is a workaholic because she works most of the time in a market. She generally gets up very early and stays at the market from 7am to 4pm. There is always something else to do such as shopping and fixing electronics. She goes to different places to get everything fixed.
Do u think she is workaholic?
Because the major I study in is software engineering, and my favorite part is mobilephone, I set my target on mobile phone and pay all my attention on this field.
The artist debuted with his first album ``My World`` which was published in November 2009, November.
It was a night of miracles, because Bieber become famous when his mother uploaded the video with Bieder onto the site youtube.
Until now it's been/ I've found it comfortable enough to just sleep, listen to the radio or music whenever I was alone on the bus.
Then I sent a message to her.
It sets people's nerves on edge!
Let me relax myself for the first and only time...
Thanks to you and myself...
I have camped at Jecheon in Korea with my family for the first time.
The next morning, when my children woke up, they were surpised.
They were delighted because they could play ball and swim in the valley.
Maybe it's a bit silly, because all my life is ahead.
Have some jealous?
What is the difference between accident and incident?
Of course we wouldn't have as much vocabulary as we do now back then.
Have you ever been confused about the use of prepositions?
And best time to be home next to laptop with coffee...
Almost all the costumers need new paper money for '' OTOSHIDAMA '', money given to children by their parents and relatives in the new year.
On TV an expert about the human body says that Americans and Europeans
I couldn't find a promblem.
I was relieved when I was able to talk with them and knew that they were alright.
We stayed for a long time.
About morals and ethics
But I think, conversation camp was the biggest help.
Don't be cold and be gentler.
We played basketball in Dokkyo university.
I thought that I need to practice more.
After much consideration, I made a decision that my favorite food is Coke.
It is brain exercise for me.
I can also teach Korean to you.
We should be delighted with their creative ideas so that we can get more relaxed on our free time.
Yesterday and today have been fabulous!...
I'm enjoying living in Robe but there is one thing that I'm deeply regretful about.
I heard that we make one team with 4 player (robot operater) and 1 tactical operator.
Second step, I am looking for the internet website that able to write english diary easily.
I want to improve my hair.
Do you know how?
I want to know.
Habits are very important in life.
feel substantial and get a big harvest.
Listening to the sound of waves.
Unfortunately THE BEAUTIFUL BAY will not belong to everyone because it was constructed for the hotel.
The beach will belong to the hotel owner.
The beautiful sea will disapper.
Shrek 2
I saw ``Shrek 2`` last night.
He was paying attention for the cars but he didnt notice the bikes. He stepped onto the road and there was a loud sound, the honking horns (from the bikes?)
I was looking forward seeing two star players, Rose in Bulls and Nowitzki in Marvericks.
On the other hand, compared to him, Nowitzki has not as speedy plays as Rose's, but his fadeaway shots, shoots with body staying behind in the air are UN-stoppable.
Against him, Nowitzki also tried to shoot, but his shots were off.
There are several categories. Example: Animals, Health, Family relationships, etc.
Yesterday middle autumn festival was held, so all of us went together with to celebrate.
Recently, the bathtub in my house was renovated and
I am studying Vietnam
I don't like it very much because it tastes child like.
Although I haven't seen any American style shortcakes here in Japan, I guess I prefer American style to Japanese.
I've already known that is really stupid thinking because I'm definitely a stranger in Australia moreover can't speak English fluently as well as I'm surely one of the laziest people in the world.
The view from the school is pretty beautiful, there is mountain behind the buildings and blue ocean facing.
I thought that I would have to write it again because the diary I just wrote disappeared when I clicked ``publish``.
Although there were some words missing, at least I didn't have to write it all over again.
but the point is, in the related photo, one can see obviously the traces that the photo has been photoshopped, for the three officials are flying in the air.
Then, this caused a new bash of photoshopping in the Chinese twitter-------Xinlang Weibo.
This country is boring for me because I know almost everything about my own country.
I feel dizzy and down.
I need to go to bed earlier than usual.
Unfortunately, everyone forget that day. I was unhappy about that.
So, I asked my best friends about my birthday in yesterday.
We'll arrive at my house at 7: 00 pm and will go to Naeba in my car.
Finally, want to have a good trip.
Recently, I skipped writing a diary.
I was very busy recently, so I skipped writing a diary.
I often say ``I beg your pardon?``.
At first, I thought the tactic did the trick, but no sooner had I tried to bring it to the window than the spider started to hang from the pen with its thread.
Now I'm studying English vocab, but I can't memorize it because I'm getting sleepy.
Using prepositions is difficult for me.
Because I will take an enterning exam for university.
To solve Japan's English test, we should practice how to solve grammer.
practice and a rewarding dessert
Sometimes, I feel pessimistic because of my bad pronunciation.
my teacher's guiding.
I like Carbonara, do you know any other delicious recipe for pasta?
I'm sad when I order soba and I get very little of the toppings.
Yesterday, I was free.:)
Therefore, I studied English and Korean.
With its popularity, Kokyo-Running is producing a lot of money.
And of course, they buy their running shoes and running gear.
that is one of the reasons I work there.
Although we are a very short distance from each other, in reality we are very far apart.
I don't know how to shorten our distance.
Good morning everyone!!!!
I must get to there by 1 PM and also I got up much earlier than before in order not to miss the train.
Generally speaking, if the man has a date with girls, he would get there before she does.
It was the most embarrassing time for me in my life.
Presentation on Monday to my CEO
There will be presentation about my job on the next Monday. (22nd June)
I am not good at presenting in English.
But, I'll be a host for the first time so I don't know anything about it!
How does a gallon compare to a liter?
There are many reasons:
They are teaching/ We are learning the alphabet right now and the days of the week.
I recommend you to visit it.
My job is to be a clerk in a convenience store.
So are there any architecture students or architects here?
In spite of the great destruction_ caused by_ WW2, lots of historical monuments were restored and are now kept in order.
last time I cooked, I tried Thailand Curry soup, and today it will be japanese sushi.
Do you believe them?
I often find my favourite musician's video clip by chance, which can't be found in the ordinary way.--as it is too old, not in sales, or discontinued.
interpersonal relation
Its really difficult to deal with people.
He said he mixed grape juice, coke, Karupisu, and melon soda.
In fact, I wanted to watch 'Avatar', but it had stopped showing in the cinema.
guys, today is Christmas, merry Christmas, it's a happy tday today, enjoy it.
The system of reward cards is so effective because it ensures repeat customers.
Start writing a diary
I have beenthinking thatI want to write a diary.
I remember that my parents tried to give all of them away, and wouldn't let me keep any of them.
When a friend of my father came to our home to take the remainder,
I believed that if the guest could not find them, I could keep them at last.
My and the others 'cell phones suddenly started ringing loudly to give us the earthquake warnings while we were stretching in the gym.
She explained to us that the lights on the ceiling were very dangerous, so if you felt a big earthquake, please came out of here and stand next to the entrance.
He's out-going and likes to communicate with others.
And I'm going to study abroad in Boston in September of this year.
please check my diary.
Those were lovely memories
He studies at a university in our prefecture.
We enjoyed his message on the cellular phone.
The world history test was difficult for me.
Today I watched AVATAR
When can we Earth people become harmonious with nature, at on with the animals and plants?
There's a reason why I learn English, and that is because I want to become a great developer. I hope many people outside of Japan learn about anime, manga and Japanese culture.
I don't want him to be just a substitute.
She is also a beginner, but she has already had some golf lessons from an instructor.
~ that I can easily tell the difference.
My friend and I are planing to go snowboarding at a nearby mountain.
I can't speak English, So, I need my friend's speaking ability.
By verbal communication.
I first listened to Avril when I was a junior high school student.
Although I know it's necessary and helpful for me to get license of the apparatus, but I just can't raise my interest.
but it was very exciting!
We ate lunch then after that we met her husband and we did some sightseeing in San Francisco.
It was very wonderful.
And we went to eat dinner IZAKAYA (Japanese food) in San Jose.
I glad you corrected my sentence diary before.
But I ate too much! I had potato chips, chocolate, and pockyX (
Lately I exercise to core rhythm.
I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson.
We can view the superb landscape from the observation area/ deck just like the Tokyo Tower.
Additionally, the invention of the airplane led to the reduction of the amount of CO2 emitted into the atmosphere.
However, during most of its flying time, it uses the neutral wind in the atmosphere and does not require to use its engines to fly.
Therefore, the amount of CO2 emitted by an airplane is much less than using a car or ship to travel the same distance.
I'm transfer student from Japan so I am a junior and my major is Psychology.
The title is ``Gay referee``.
I couldn't help laughing when I saw this at first.
It's the first diary!
I met old friends in Shinjuku!
I'm very tired.
Of course parents have to train their children to be good adults.
Friend's father: ``what is your name?``
I was very surprised lol My friend's father was a gentleman like British nobles.
I have few chance to communicate with foreign people and my classmates don't want to spend much time learning English.
I am learning English.
Do you have any travel plans?
My company is a large employer and the CEO resigned for health reasons.
Your country has provided technical assistance to developing countries, right?
The Japanese have thought of sakura (cherry blossom) as the flower which symbolizes the nation.
But, there was no officiator so it was interesting
I have a pre-level 2 English Language Proficiency test on Sunday.
That means our item has potential, and we could get capital support.
I need to keep up with studying English!
n I'm always nervous when I'm trying to speak in English.
One of important point of presenting is to use simple and short sentences.
Next, I put data such as ``logos`` ``pictures`` and ``links`` all in the same folder.
my hometown BUSAN
Hello everyone! ~ Today I am going to tell you about my hometown, Busan.
Suddenly, I wanted to eat fried chicken!
The bakery sells fried chicken.
My favorite options are clinical psychology, industrial psychology and social psychology.
When it comes to English pronunciation for non-native speakers, the 'El' sound is one of the most difficult consonants.
Is it understandable if I read them without the 'El' sound?
I'm surprised that my Japanese entry had been corrected by a netizen last night.
I'm gonna Edinburgh (The capital of Scotland) on thursday with some friends.
Her wedding will take place in northern Ireland. It is far from here (Dublin),
I was surprised to know there are a lot of people who want to learn Japanese.
I thought that learning Japanese was difficult for native English speakers but as I read their journals, I saw that they have seriously been learning Japanese.
Now, I'm attending both Buddhist temple and Christian congregation.
The believers are forbidden to smoke, and male attendants must wear neck-tie at every congregation.
We got to learn its doctrine deeply before we become believers.
I hate to tell either group that I am not interested!
Then, she emailed me for replying.
I've been suffering from a lack of Vitamin B1.
this morning I met my chinese friend to go to a exhibition.
I have been living in Los Angeles for three month already.
But my English is still poor.
about my lunch.
So, I bought lunch at NATURAL LAWSON.
I had never talked with English speakers before, and I'm terrible at English.
There are many people which are not able to rent any flat in Moscow therefore a campus is the ideal variant for them.
Today, I ate Mister Doughnut with my friend.
Recently, a new doughnut was put on sale.
My friend ate ``MOSDO``, which was collaborate Mister Doughnut and MOS burger.
Something happened on the site
I Continued
and the education at high school and university.
Today I waited for my girlfriend at the station by the university, and we went to McDonald's.
Of course it's cheaper to cook at home using ingredients from the 'fridge rather than eating out, but I know very well the taste of food I have cooked.
We put our small stones on Kanaeisi and prayed about our wish.
and the waiter serves you the ``tapa``-it can be anomelette, sausages, bread with ham, etc.
It was an opportunity to acquaint myself with everyone some more.
I played volleyball, basketball and watching movies.
The doctor prescribed some medicine.
In last sumo tournament, he lost easily, so media said that he had to retire because he become weak.
But, in this sumo tournament, he won the championship.
People are willing to study English, Reading, Listening and Writing but not speaking.
The first factor is that people shy and have less confidence when compared to foreigners.
hired at first sight?
I think I was calm when introducing myself.
If there's ``Love at first sight``, is there any interview called ``hired at first sight``?
I want to wear it and work at there early.
This isbecause I like to talk topeople.
Therefore, summer vacation is boring forme.
I love him even though he is very naughty and I can feel that he loves me too.
I'm a social smoker.
'Are you available now?'
This is my first time to write a diary entry on internet, so I have no idea what to write.
and talk very smoothly.
Secondly, I am interested in the NY because it is the center of the world for the economics field.
This weekend I stayed at the school.
This is the first time I didn't come home on a weekend.
Next week I will prepare for a final exam.
I would appreciate it if you could check my diary.
Last Friday, I met one of my university classmates.
So, I watched my favorite American TV drama (to motivate me)/ (as motivation.)
When the fertilization succeeds, the pumpkins 'babies will bebrilliant.
By the way, human girls in love are brilliant, right?
The pumpkins are in love and brilliant, too.
So, it was a great privilege for me to be there and I was also very happy to see that the two of them looked like the happiest couple in the world!
Today's seminar just ended.
Every time the seminar finishes, I feel like I should have studied more in depth.
My friend invited me to go to see a football match ``Brazil vs Scotland`` He is from Brazil.
After school, I talked with my friend in a cafe.
I have been waiting for the D-S company's response for a long time, but I haven't received anything yet.
Because it's a big multinational company, I think it would be a great chance for me, although the position isn't as good as I thought.
I love Indian dishes, especially Curry.
I heard that in India vegetarian food is very popular.
So I went to India this summer and enjoyed it.
When I stay at home instead of staying at school, time passes so fast.
But I'll keep writing to practice my Engilsh.
He also speaks English.
I was suprised to see how different Okinawan customs and culture are from that of themain land, where I lived before.
One of the main differences is MOAI, which is similar to privatized insurance coverage systems in other countries, but with some differences.
If one of the members is havingtrouble economically, he can receive money through the donations made at the party.
Lets start studying English!!
I am beginner.
---used at a restaurant---
I prepared to leave for the station and slipped on my shoes in a hurry.
It was an interesting and slightly embarrassing day.
The movie was called ``Inception,`` and it was very interesting. I recommend it.
I will change.
The Englishman who is a member of my gym came to do some training.
He taught me some English words today, too.
``Consult a dictionary`` sounds too serious.
I would talk with him using the words that he taught me today.
Of course, I went to vote for a mayoral election.
The answer starts with yes or no.
I would like to speak English more!
``Hello, my name is Abby, a high school student.
By the way, yesterday, I edited a film that my friends and I took.
I especially enjoy making scripts for listeners.
At night, my next neighbor always was annoying me because he played games with his friends which annoyed me, but he disappeared lately.
Anyway, I felt a kind of healing by watching such cute, adorable fishes, birds, and mammals...
My God, I'm going crazy.
My first writing
My job is a doctor.
most of the ambulance users are patients of mild disease that don `t have any need for it.
Japanese society is aging rapidly.
Is your country's ambulance system free or not free?
I am thinking that's bad for my body but I cannot stop drinking coffee everyday.
I'm a university student in Japan and want to be major in control theory.
I put in more effort in indian english literature, so my dissertation is related to this.
There were many Manga pictures that were drawn on small or large papers.
I enjoy working there because I (get to) see many different people every day.
when I got back, I met a breakfast seller. I went ahead and bought breakfast for my friend, but when I gave the money to her, she charged me more money because she thought that I didn't know the price of the breakfast. It was so bad.
When I was a high school student, my team won in the national athletic meeting but I didn't paticipate in that!!
But to join this company, I need to acquire English.
I want to make you an acquaintance!
today, our customer manager came, he asked me some questions, and then he asked me whether I've began my foreign trades or not, I answered 'not yet', at the same time I felt so ashamed.
In order to receive a present from my friend, I went to Hibiya station.
The present was some uncured hams and cheese.
Of course, I also taught him Japanese.
I gave up doing climbing because my hip was still in pain.
I joined the English conversation circle in the morning.
I better work hard because I need lots of money.
Local people may not think they are interesting but I do.
Sobald ich mich entschied hinauszugehen, fing es an zu regnen.
Ich bin eine faule Person.
My listening/ speaking level is very poor...
I go to middle school as a volunteer on Friday mornings. (every Friday morning)
Certainly I know it is important to do so to improve my English.
It may be fun for beginners to talk such as things.
Do you have any ideas and can you recommend something to me.
Wednesday---present a report of China and Macao
I must go and do something for my studies.
So I live my life as usual after the disaster.
Even though I feel sorry about the cancelation, I will cancel it because the Australian one is a better program considering more earnest students of English will gather around it than the Davis one.
... in order to know more about the difference between theory and reality.
I used to think that working in a library must be boring, but after a while, I found that every job must have its boring or mundane part. But, every job also must have its meaningful part, and how much you learn from that job depends on the efforts you put in.
As for those earrings, do you think they | fit | him properly?
I hope he over come wisely.
These days I have been very happy because I made many friends here... lang-8 is really a beautiful website... On this website I've met a lot of native English speakers.... it is so cool...
Where I am the time is 1: 34.. It is very late, but I'm not sleepy.. I just rememberedthat I haven't written a new diary.. so I must do it...
Usually I think dogs can be good friends with human beings... They are loyal and they can do things that people can't.. Maybe some of you like dogs too..
This is more like Google than the one that was created originally.
In addition, excess money means a student can enjoy his campus life.
Second, a student working as a part time job has a chance to expand his relationships.
They can learn a lot of things to be required from a company throught a part time job, for example communication skills, experience in varous jobs in various office shops to get a better idea of what kind of job they want.
But we cooperated and cooked.
I can encourage their protest and criticize the dictator immediately by writing an encouraging comment.
I'm looking forward to that!
We were very very tired, bacause there were many steps in front of the shrine.
Especially my wife was so tired, because of the baby in her stomach.
I had learned early on that it is a common convention to do volunteer service in communities in many western countries.
Further efforts are needed to spread the concept of volunteerism among people.
In many ways, voluntary activities are always linked with official factors which can be an obstacle for people to be (come) a volunteer.
For example, we are often motivated to do voluntary service to gain the edge on/ over the academy in school.
But evidences proved that I was wrong since most Singaporeans can speak mandarin.
In our school, it's very common that Singaporeans hang out with Singaporeans, Indonesians stay with Indonesians, Vietnamese play with Vietnamese.
And we are trying to figure out the most efficient methods to improve our speaking.
SO, good luck for us.
Ninjas still exist!?
Then I will call my friends to tell them I have just arrived in sun city.
I plan to visit the Grand Canyon.
I couldn't stop tearing up when I thought of Jenny's sad life and Oliver's feelings after he lost his dearest wife.
'' The time when you think it's late is perfect time to do it. 'and''The man without motivation is not different from dead body.''
There was one thing I could not understand, so I went to my school to study it with some books there.
I think that as far as temperature, my country is about 10 degrees C lower than here.
My house is particularly old and too big..
During the lesson, I I became calm.
So, I going to my parent's house to join a oyster party now!
Am I am getting old fashioned???
I am very/ feel dreadful.
During this idle time, I watched T. V.
In my school it is tradition to wear something green.
Tomorow will be an easy day.
It was a very enjoyable time.
Today, I had surfed some sites and I found Torrent.
So I downloaded some dramas about 70GB.
But I hardly speak, hear, and I'm not good at reading and writing.
The unspoken, passionate coherence which unites a large numer of people, is one of the most fantastic parts of going to a concert.
If there was less furniture in the room, it could reduce the time needed to clean the room.
Although it was quite late night, we discussed lots of things such as religion, national spirit, as well as ourselves.
be American actors (such as Keanu Reeves etc.)
It's my first time writing in this diary ~ I hope to meet other friends
meet unexpectedly the author introduced this web page, so I 'm
We walked to Kine Naoto's open air concert tonight.
He is member of TM NETWORK that are very famous in Japan.
The open air concert is held by volunteers every year.
But the concert may not be held next year.
I hope that the concert is to continue.
My favorite story is ``A Study in Scarlet``.
Moreover, I have other parties and events for Christmas this weekend.
Ten years ago, I watched the TV with my family when the second airplane crashed into the twin towers.
I never thought that suicide terrorist attacks would happen in the US.
The terrorists made airplanes turn into missiles and destroyed not only the world trade center but also other important American facilities.
I think the difficulty of English for most Japanese is pronunciation.
We Japanese start to study English from junior high school days (12 years old, but now it got changed to earlier)
translate to Japanese.
The pronunciation was ignored!
because actual native speaker can't understand badly pronounced English like I do...
I read books written about some scholor's theory and try to understand the rules,
'When you pronounce th, your tongue must be between your teeth or something like that.
Today, I watched the soccer match between Japan and Korea.
If I knew how to use foreign emoticons,_ I can describe my emotions clearly.
It made me amazed and excited.
I think its opening movie is the best one in any japanese anime's.
Today, the professor of the energy transforming engineering class told us some of his doubts on global warming.
This PIXAR movie contains fellowship, environmental issues, problems and love.
On Saturday, I had a barbeque near the river.
Therefore, astronauts should have the ability to solve difficult questions/ problems.
Because I have made many friends among the people studying Japanese with me.
I have always thought study is a tearful thing.
Tomorrow it will be fine all day.
My grammar is bad, that's why my article is very terrible.
My English teacher always want me to write an English composition, but I am scared about it.
My father took me there, and my boss was waiting for me
Okay I'll explain this.
I like traveling around the world.
Tokyo is Japan's center of fashion, show business, economics, and politics, but the center of American politics is Washington DC.
My memory of a trip.
It is located in Palo Alto, California.
During the Gulf war, because we were not able to dispatch the SDF to Kwait, we assisted Kuwait and the international force with a plenty of money--more than 13 billion dollars.
(After the end of the Gulf war, the newspaper in Kuwait listed the countries which had assisted them on its paper, but there was no mention of Japan.)
I'm confused.
I met friends from university days from five years ago.
Our company holds English classes twice a week on Monday and Saturday.
In the Saturday class, there are only 3 or 4 members registerd.
I'm Surprised!
Every day is a pain (Okay, the dictionary translates like that but I wouldn't say it's a pain; too powerful a word. I'd say it's crap.) because I need to find a topic.
Yea, rebellion! Yeah, typos!
Dear reader, if you have sometime, don't hesitate to read my last text about the Wild West because I had no correction. Boo-hoo. (really weird that onomatopoeia, I don't think about someone crying when I read that, a barking dog instead)
When I got here, I found the people here are so friendly, and I believe that my English will make great progresses!
I like seeing street fashion pics..
So I often go on street fashion webzines and buy fashion magazines.
It is very interesting how people wear clothing.
So if you are curious about young Korean fashion trends, I recommend going to that site..
I think there are people who wear various styles of clothing on this site.
I went to London four years ago.
Modern museum there is very good!
In the former situation, there is a ``Wow``, and in the latter, ``Olleh!``.
I will continue to write this.
Everyone, please be careful!
Japanese summer's are very hot and humid!
Did we copy the European style?
For all intents and purposes, it's arduous for Taiwan's baseball team to defend against Korea, which recruited many elites from KBO and MLB.
Hi, I am a Catholic.
I always go to Catholic church on Sundays.
Catholics's name is Francesco of Assisi.
They have a lot of fans who like 2PM's funny shows and unique character.
They have culture-centered projects like graffiti, hip-hop dance and movie making all over the world.
Yet, The question is always be answered by asking this question:
Then I would have brought more advanced technology back at the 'same' time.......
is it an endless loop?
Of course, all of this thing I label it with 'I think', because I have no confidence that I could represent these correctly and exactly.
mina san konnichiwa
kyou, boku wa anatatachi ga boku ni tsuite mo shitte hoshii kara, boku no shumi ni tsuite hanashite mitai to omoimasu.
Watashi no geinoujin no keiken wa takusan dewa arimasenga kodomo no toki kara hajimemashita.
Watashi no gakkou gekijou no kurabu de, 9sai kara, takusan no katsudou wo shimasita. mata tsune ni shuyaku dashita.
Today I told about trains which are the main transportation in Japan.
Some people say ``I don't have a favorite color,`` which I find unbelievable.
It says that this color gives impression of cowardice.
It was because she was in danger due to a life-threatening premature delivery and her fetuses needed to be taken care of in the NICU (newborn intensive care unit
So I made the decision to become a fire fighter (It's very suitable for my character.)
I am waiting to call the fire station.
They are very beautiful. I've never been able to part with those cards.
Use Google to find some Linux distributions compiled for non-geek users.
The visa system is discrimination on the national level!
If cases when you don't need a visa are an exception, however, you will understand my feelings.
The two reading tests were worse and worse.
Theoretically, it is the easiest task but I got just 2 points out of 10.
I'm very sad.
I think that Tatsuya is lovely!
Mainly I want to go shopping, view the very high skyscrapers and go sightseeing.
This year, I aim to get a TOEIC score of 800 points.
My favorite musicians are OASIS, The Beatles, Ashlee Simpson,
I can send my money to China by an illegal method--we call it the ``black market``, but you know it's illegal and it will cost me too much.
So masterful.
I am a temporary worker now.
The exam was about general knowledgeand writing.
Ofcourse, I shouted ``No way!`` haha:D
From there, I write sentences to describe my ideas.
I used to make rides by using vegetables which are looked like a horse for my grandmother to ride when she comes here and goes back to heaven.
My lunch was pickled cowpea with some meat and tomato egg soup today.
But I did not go to the gallery because I was lazy.
I decided to go there, but now I don't really want to go.
First time I got interested in it was when I studyed at school and joined an english study group.
Then, a few years later, I went to Germany through international exchange, there I had to communicate in english cause my german was even worse than my english, and my language barrier was broken there)
Prepositions and phrasal verbs-that's what is driving me crazy now%)
since Edison's great invention (mmm, is this true?).
the situation where you don't sleep all night long
In Japan, fake erotic crimes have been growing into public problems and many accused victims end up getting arrested.
I don't know why parents treat teenagers like children.
Gambling is frightening and dangerous, the goverment is trying to deal with it, but not successfully..
* Plener-painting of countryside or of the streets.
The scientific name is Bellis serenis (Perennis?)
I heard Google, the giant internet company, will release a brand TV service called ``google TV``
The idea is very simple; it's just putting internet functions on TV.
Google TV seems to offer us a user-friendly interface and enables us to enjoy internet videos on TV.
But I think the Youtube videos are not high quality videos, so it's hard to adapt them to HD TVs.
My son appeared in 3 games.
At first, he ran the 15MR race. He got off to a bad start.
Then I realized that I should use new vocabulary when I learn it.
I hope it will help me to acquire new vocabulary easily.
I deplete so much of my energy when I read English articles because of difficulty.
I used new vocabulary of ``deplete``, precipitous ``,`` retiring ``as well.
Nevertheless, I like to study English.
They are very worried about their future.
I wrote some English sentences.
He taught English to us by using the book.
In this class, it was impressive for me that Simon& Garfunkel's ``I am a rock`` was taught.
and when I'm active, it's very painful.
after about 2 weeks exercise, I feel great.
Recently, I've been thinking about how I used to live in Japan.
Next, we shot the soccer-ball, and touched the boundary markers with the ball.
My father is a public servant.
He supervises civil construction.
He is familiar with cars.
My name is Roger, I graduated from the Maritime college.
together.
It feels like whenever she wants something-even a big item-she just buys it without shopping around to compare prices beforehand.
I have been thinking whether to buy ipod-touch or ipod-classic since yesterday.
Even so, Those gadgets looks convenient and useful.
The distance was about more than 50km!
If you want to join this activity, you need to buy your bicycle.
But general bicycles are no use.
You have to buy a sophisticated bicycle which can goin all places, like high steeps.
My bicycle cost me 62000 yen.
because I'm here.
Once a foreigner talked to me in English, and I could understand him, but I couldn't express myself.
Because of the earthquake in this year. But many people do not go abroard.
And I liked the dessert called Kazandibi.
He told me ``Your mother is frustrated right now.
Japanese cooking uses soy sauce and sweet rice wine.
I worked on a program in the afternoon.
I made an appointment with a person in charge yesterday.
etc. are also in existence.
Believing in Jesus is cool.
I believe in my God
We can share our secrets together
he had thrown it away and went home.* I guess*
I feel uneasy about my future, because an important exam is coming near.
How should I try to work hard?
Do the benefits of genetically modified crops outweigh the danger?
After job
Then we can each talk about our jobs, ideas or anything else freely.
Baba is like a priest.
I could see the fast river from one of my windows and the mountains from the other window.
This is the first time to write in my diary!
She spoke English so fast that I couldn't understand.
It is very cold at the office because of the air conditioner.
(by the way, Do you know about ``UFO catchers``?
It has no nicotine or tar but it glows red on the edge and puts out smoke.
I went to school yesterday,
It is much easier to catch a precise meaning when we study using a introduction written in English not Korean.
I have a medical test tomorrow.
but here was my weekend: I did not study hard.
I was searching for an internship job recently and I got one yesterday.
Finally, I work as a information collector.
May told Guy that she won't come to work tomorrow.
Oh, what should I do? Should I continue? The work is boring and repetitive.
Today's fireworks are so elaborate, and we are very impressed by them.
We wanted to speak to them, but we couldn't because we couldn't speak English well!
I have not written daily for Lang-8.
I have been thinking of writing an entry during these two weeks.
I'd like to continue this daily.
I bought clothes yesterday.
I am wearing it in my room recently.
Am I sick? Why do I have two conflicting thoughts in the day and night as if my brain separated into two pieces?
Momentarily, I wish I would not consider the complicated love without end. I just want to come back to NanNing as soon as possible; I just want to date Evan; I just want to go shopping in the Intenational Trade Center; and I just want to do my own business.
Love is not just magic but it is something you have to keep.
We haven't met for a year, so I was very pleased.
And I thought that they are trying with much effort to improve their English skill.
The contents were about how administrate the seminor in this term.
I went to traditional market with my wife today. We bought vegetables, squid and apples.
First of all, most of them married among the attendants to keep their community.
So many Peranakan Chinese learned English.
Many Europeans hired them as translators.
Hahaha, I just watched the first episode of ``Primeval``.
A few days ago, my oldest son had a stye, today my second son got an infection of the middle ear.
Fortunately the ear clinic opened, I took him to the clinic.
After entering university, I rarely read English stuff, except for those news about my beloved singer.
I am studying English for the TOEIC test on January 11th.
I work at a clothing store in large shopping mall, which is turning 20 years old at the end of this month.
Despite that, I was not able to keep myself from getting bored.
I am a Chinese girl living and studying in Beijing.
I have trouble in English.
I want native speakers and people who are learning foreign languages to teach me.
I often hear that English is the most important language of all to learn in order to succeed in the world.
I am very sad,
I recommend this Manga to everyone.
I'm looking forward to seeing them.
I'm a Chinese girl who is learning English and Japanese.
I'm so happy to join to this site and I'm so interesting to recognizing to another people from all the world and finaly Ifound group who interesting with reading books I like reading so much specially novels and stories thank you and I want to be a friend
Last year, I went to Anchor Watt, which is one of the most famous ruins
is a city near Anchor Watt, and went to the ruins by bicycle.
I looked around not only well-known spots such as Anchor Watt and Anchor Tom but also little-known historical sites, stopped by villages and experienced some adventures like encountering cows in the jungle.
I stayed in a city near the historical site and went to the central market there before going to Machupicu.
We immediately became friends and I promised that I would give her a souvenir, a book about the Inca Emperor, after I came back from Machupichu.
Actually, I ended up not being able to meet her again because she was in school at the time I visited her, so I left my souvenir with her mother.
Does it exist in other countries?
The other day, I was watching a variety show on TV and an Australian comedian said this proverb.
I expect it doesn't exist.
My company has high tolerance for diversities.
The fare I paid for the cab is half as much as the fare I paid for train.
And if we do it. He will give us happiness, and Heaven after death
The last prophet who sent was Mohmmad.
But I rarely use this machine, because I have a lot of gadgets.
In evening, we went to the eel bowl restaurant near my house.
We arrived at the restaurant am at 5: 30.
The restaurant opened at 5: 00.
We were suprised that there was a long line in front of the restaurant.
Just 30 minutes after the restaurant opened.
I have to check whether the wired funds were received into my account.
I hesitated as to whether to buy or not to buy it for a long time, and I decided not to.
Little by little English is spreading through my mind, and the more I express myself in English the easier I can listen to it.
I hope I'll be helpful:-)
I just registered on this site to learn English and to communicate with people from other countries in English.
But first, I have to pass the oral examination on May 14.
but this is a different country.
By the way I `ve been to Singapore, Guam, Korea and China.
I felt very good about my Chinese pronunciation.
And I also realized what a small world I've been living in and I want to explore the bigger world that is out there.
Which Devices Do You Recommend for Reading Electoric Books? iPad or Kinddle?
We cooked bread, tofu, and Zoni which is a soy sauce based soup in a baked rice cake.
However, we were all smiling and it gave us a happy feeling.
but other options are not perfect. (My goal is to study Medicine, which is why I need to get my English upgraded to a certain level...
America has decided to send more humanitarian aid to Pakistan to put a dent in the anti-America sentiment.
Not after long, I got a chance to go to Cambodia for 10 days as a mission trip.
And I felt shameful about my very comfortable life.
So I want to study English to get a job in this field and help many people in the world.
The new term is the time for me to make a new resolution to stop playing online games.
So far, I am pleased that I have resisted the temptation of the game for a week.
To be honest, I am not sure whether or not I will stick my resolution for a long time.
None the less, I'm taking French lessons, I am thinking about the party after class.
K who is the organiser of today's party asked me, whether I will come to the party or not.
He and my classmate said something, but I couldn't understand.
In France, women kiss my cheek. I was very embarrassed.
So if you hope to work at a large company, I think you have to have excellent abilities.
A: It is a different mindset, going on stage with the band, as opposed to going to a studio....
They will speak fluent Japanese in future.
s: The food in Australia is not to my taste at all: <It's so oily..
there are lots of Chinese or Japanese restaurants except there are no Korean restaurants.
Just now I saw the news of Pina Bausch's death while browsing the web.
Some kind of beauty, understanding, and immense love, has gone.
This is my first time writing something here.
The examiner asked me something (I forgot lol).
I answered, ``there are many costs to make a mascots.``
These castles had been created to collect taxes from the ships that passed through.
We were on the course best suited for sightseeing because there were lots of these ancient castles.
The reason for which they were created is terrible.
Wakeboarding is not a popular sport in Japan but it is a very fantastic? sport.
Anyway, The performance was interesting; I had dinner with my friends, and we
At the company my trainer called me and blamed me about the car details. I must check before giving details to her. You know, when she is training me she never teaches me a lot about my job, since the first 2 days. She would like me to be perfect at the job. I don't have experience so I don't know how I can be very good. I would like a long time to become perfect but she doesn't understand about that.
I would like to be able to speak and write English very well and then I can find another job and leave the company. I don't like the people, I cannot accept insincerity.
I would like like to punch her before I leave, too.
I'm joking.
I just realized my journal entries are becoming to 443 stories already.
But I think I need to learn English from a professional English teacher.
Finally, she said ``I'm looking forward to seeing you.``
This is my first diary in English.
Making imitations is very bad but in cases where they can make lots of people happy, I think copy products are okay.
Is her disappearance really not sad?
I then tried to examine this thesis.
Then I thought: Do I really play a role in my family?
She laughed and said: I left you some spaghetti bolognaise in the kitchen. I know your stomach by heart!
And as I dug into my spaghetti, I thought about something else.
It says the existing education system is for training professors, researchers and laywers.
Most people enter graduate school becuase they enjoy synthesizing and analyzing information.
They like to read, write and debate over academic issues.
People in TWN pursue a master degree in order to find a decent job, including me.
I really regret my decision to go back to school, but there's no going back.
I hope to finish my essay as soon as possible and devote myself to my career again.
But these honey was really one drug for children in my childhood.
Most supermarkets and shops are closed all day.
In addition, I want to speak to people all around the world and to work in America.
So, I need dictionary. I want a digital dictionary very much!
Personally, I think their view only partially true.
We can't use a lot of electricity after the earthquake caused a fire in the nuclear plant.
Since it was late and it was rainy, I decided that I won't read English today.
To some extent, I am, but today my throat is still hoarse, so I chose to give up.
After breakfast, I spent some time studying grammar as well as some reading practice and dictation exercise.
It's overweight for my height.
It was a trap. Have you ever seen a Corolla broken down?
Of course, it's good for our health.
I eat it every morning with soybean flour and green tea powder.
Yes, WRONG, I think.
I was tired, but it was very interesting.
Please be really strict with my written expressions, not only with the faults I commit, but also tell me how would you say anything if it sounds weird.
I have to transfer gallons to liters, miles to kilometers, and dollars to yen and then make the calculation.
This is a Japanese pop song.
It's usually performed solo.
This is another arrangement.
But I didn't spoil it.
I like to think a lot about Miyazaki's animation. It gives me peace in my heart and relaxes me a lot, though maybe some Japanese think that it is a little old-fashioned.
I like to communicate with people all around the world and share the culture and life of different places. Absolutely, these results are not enough for me.
My vocabulary is over 18000!?
I forgot where I heard about it, but according to some site, an average collage graduate native knows more than 50000 words.
We were going to join a Glass Boat Tour, but we couldn't do that because of the typhoon.
Hayao power!
I love these movies because they are full of suspense, feeling and beautiful music!
I have Ponyo's and Mononoke's music and I listen to it every morning before class.
I sprinkled a little salt and pepper on the fish, and poured some white wine.
The doctor said ``she has the flu, too.``.
All employees attended this party.
It's a very important party becausse it expresses each person's thanks to their co-workers.
Then I noticed the cups and glasses displayed in the bar had some very beautiful and artistic flower paintings, such as orchid, jasmine, lily, rose, etc.
Plus, the mashed potatoes were topped with brown gravy and it was delicious, very soft and smooth.
So, I am learning to play bass guitar.
at the beginning of next month.
I fulfilled it successfully.
I am too busy these days, so I have had no time to practice my English writing.
Since then, I can concentrate on reading the book and understand what the author says clearly.
I tried to make my friends, family, and myself.
Swimming lesson.
She goes to UNO while rasing her daughter who is just 2 years old.
I really wanted to see her daughter.
Her daughter was soooo cute!!
Furthermore, she has so much energy!
She ran around the room, kitchen and the ailes all the time except during the dinner.
hahah, I am sorry to leave for a long time because of my college's military training.
tonalsap lake rock 'n' roll show!!
Finally the day is coming, Tonalsap Lake Rock 'n' Roll Show!!
I wonder if the boat will go under...
We already know the way to study languages.
I know that listening to English conversation and speaking in English a lot are good ways, but I think memorizing is the best way.
I think I wouldn't be able towrite diaries in English, speak in English, and listen to what foreigners say without memorizing English words and sentences.
I felt like I was in a sardine can.
An au-pair lives with the host family and takes care of their children and does a little housekeeping.
but it's a very famous program.
I'm seriously considering the au-pair program these days.
In Japan, students usually have to wear a uniform from elementary
high school students to wear uniforms.
The Japanese education system puts emphasis on reading and grammar.
He made a lot of friends who like to drink alcohol.
I rarely drink alcohol but I thought it was good
I am going to exercise near my house.
They said, ``you can have a second interview and take a second written test.``
I have to review excel and word, and Japanese.
I cannot study and work at the same time because English fluency is required.
English quiz
Which do you want to learn, English or science?
After three months, you will have a skinny and healthy body.
I will eat a lunch with senior co-workers who, I respect.
A few days ago, I tackled the repair of my mountain bike.
So I decided to overhaul it by myself.
I like japanese culture and its atmosphere, last year I spent 3 weeks studying the language to see if I liked it or not.
I liked it because of the way it sounded to my non japanese ears, I liked it as I learned hiragana and katakana but as soon as kanji began to show his scary face:D to me, I got disappointed and gave up, can anyone tell me why japanese people don't use only hiragana and katakana to make their language easier?
If not, I'll strongly recommend you to read because it's very effective to improve.
Second, you can increase your vocabulary much, much faster than compared to when you just write what you want.
There isn't any comment for my previous diary.
Please feel free to write a comment to my diary.
For instance, plants utilize the light of the sun to conduct photosynthesis through thier chlorophills.
The solar panels absorb the solar energy and generate some electricity without
sustainable and possibly has the potential to enable us to coexist with any other creatures paticularly those on the verge of extinction.
This may be belaboring the obvious, but the sun is the source of our energy.
First, I must hand in the application for seminar by 1 p. m.
We just decided to meet.
Luckily, it didn't rain although it was cloudy.
It tasted great but it was also expensive.
Though English is difficult because it is so different from Korean, but it is interesting.
It's really wonderful ~ I played basketball with my classmates in the afternoon.
I have never heard Japanese in the English song.
but I don't know the difference.
Yesterday, my daughter took part in a Cheer leading Competition which is also an annual festival where the cheer leading team my daughter belongs to participates every year.
The competition was held at the stadium called Kita Yell.
The stadium was so big that my daughter got a little nervous.
It's said that a famous TV series producer has been producing several series which are all copied from classics.
Im just writing this to myself, since there will be lots of people waiting to be corrected.
I'm mix (I'm not sure if you guys say mix or mixed but I'll just wait until someone tells me:p)
Does it make sense?)
In this case, what does ``lovely`` mean?
And, more sadly, now his wife and my aunt, have been diagnosed with lung cancer too.
In conclusion, I will try to know about my own country in order to know about many countries all over the world.
However, I want to enjoy this wonderful opportunity.
This movie's title is slumdog $ millionaire.
it was not a bit of problem to me because I was full of expectation and pleasure that I was going to see the exhibition at last!
It was a very surprising and amazing artwork that expressed negative social trouble using fancy and unique colours.
Whereas restaurant-delivered meals are convenient because we don't need to cook.
I can see many picturesfrom restaurants onFacebook.
In conclusion, home-made meals are nutritious and inexpensive, so I agreethat home-made meals are thebest.
We need to cook almost every day, but occasional restaurant-meals are enjoyable.
I went to Breeze-Breeze which had a grand opening today.
But luckily, she looks fine and feels just a little bit of pain.
And I am a bit familiar with reading english using technical terms, but not of daily life so much, or politics, and so on.
This afternoon, I had an oral English course.
He is a very good teacher and I love him and his course very much.
He said that it was not a problem and he hoped I would come back to take part in the class. I thought he was very friendly and generous.
I like coldplay's yellow, I wanted to sing that song tonight and record it, but I couldn't sing the words clearly and fluently. I recall that when I was in junior high school my English teacher taught me a song named ``yesterday once more``, and I can still remember some words so I recored it and uploaded it to my voice blog.
I would like to ponder about the case and to hear your opinion (if only my friends didn't lose hope to read something from me, sorry for my long break).
But they live 5000km away from each other and don't get the opportunity to pay visits each other often.
YAMATO does vocals.
My body is likely to be influenced by weather.
But why at that particular point in time, prediction was important, is because it is closely related to my argumentation.
I am disappointed in my English
You said you can pick me up at the airport.
Who will get to be the champion in Germmany GP.
About a month ago, it was announced that Dragon Quest 9 (DQ9)'s release would be postponed.
The next series is supposed to be released by NINTENDO DS.
I was fully prepared to buy it only for the purpose of playing DQ9.
I felt very sad because SQUIRE ENIX announced it.
NINTENDO DS is the hardware which is worth completely nothing because DQ9 isn't released yet.
But that announcement is unacceptable.
There are many rumors about that on the net.
I read many articles and thought about it.
It's the device by which we can play games without buying software.
In the previous series, SQUIRE ENIX set up a provision against Majicon.
In the start of the game, the ship where the main character get's on didn't arrive at the harbor even if the player waited for a long time.
The company produced the game like that in case that player uses Majicon.
But I heard that the provision/ trap was broken in 6 hours after DQ was released and was published on net.
I think that SQUIRE ENIX is preparing for a complicated provision next time.
In general, high school does not have a professional career conductor in each schools.
However teachers also have their own work for everyday tuitions (?), and it seems to give them limitation on working for their students who have difficulty thinking on their future career.
Therefore, it is recommended for teachers to share the work load with professional career conductors, and teachers will be able to reduce their amount of work.
What do you think, are they alive or just an imaginary animal?
If god, ghost and creator from outer space are in existance, it's only natural that a Vampire also live somewhere.
Does it sound weird?
I understand that I can use 20000 yen for Shinkansen bullet train tickets, horse riding lessons and Cyndi Lauper's concert tickets!
At times, we even establish an interesting rapport transcending the relationship between teacher and students.
So, I want to learn English hard, and talk English on skype.
The year before last, when I visited France, he was kind to us.
He stayed at our house for three months then.
His Japanese has improved very much now.
It is called ``Setsubun``, and is done the day before the coming of spring.
closed friends are like our own mirrors
He also has some mental problems which he seldom faces himself.
That's why, even in private, he has never had a relationship with a girl-even though he is fairly handsome.
He can't do anything without communicating with colleagues.
O, my senior, is 27 years old, a virgin, and hasn't had a job for 2 years.
He is now studying sociology to get a certification.
He tends to frown on his environment.
Before I had respected him as if I were his real younger brother.
I hope it isn't diseased and, if it is, it will be well soon.
It's very convenient.
However, It is difficult for me to understand Russian grammar.
By the way, I can't understand English grammar too.
But, I want to improve my English skill.
Should I write down my thoughts and feelings, using words and grammar as simple as I can?
Or, should I use unfamiliar and difficult words and grammar? Many Japanese are unable to understand grammar like the present perfect tense?
when I stayed in the Philippines,
Although, around here, most of my friends like aocole
At one time I thought that people who exhaust their lives were succesful.
I feel satisfaction working.
Now is the time when I have to be enthusiastic
All these verbs and phraseologies.
If I'm consistent, I'll not slip so often.
The reason why is when I noticed my mistake I thought the boss was absolutely angry with me.
It is because my boss sometimes is angry about little things to my co-worker and the other reason is from my old mind of childhood.
And I became protective over myself.
Above all, I can take care myself.
I am going to try to improve again as an adult.
One of my favorite fruit is '' BANANA ''.
I know this sentence is damn wrong but I think you can get an idea from it
How should I correct that sentence?
I promised myself to not just party when I got back.
You know, customer service will be a big business in the future.
Because, they themselves are the baddest of bad, thieves.
Until his father was dead and his mother's health was becoming worse, his mother started imploring him to work.
After his mother died, he started to work, however; he always complained that the work environment was too hot and work was too hard.
Finally, he couldn't prevent DEATH to snatch away his life.
Today, my best friend Doll gave this website to me. she knows I need help to improve my english for my job.
After signing up for Lang-8, I have found it is a very useful website. There's so many people who want to study foreign languages.
We always send cars or give gifts to my friend!
Recently I've been busy writing speech contest sentences.
so exhausted..
In Korea, there are so many beggars in the streets.
When I was a college student, I met a Turkish guy.
So, I will keep a short dairy here as frequently as possible.
There is no sick leave at a normal company in Japan.
My house isn't far from the University of Washington, and I've always wanted to watch a live game of basketball (``If I have the opportunity`` doesn't work here.)
I have been surprised at the popularity of university sports since I came here.
In Japan, most university sports aren't as famous as in America.
I'll try to watch their game live someday.
If you go see games in a sport stadium, can you recommend me a sport to watch?
I really need to improve my English skills including listening, reading and writing.
I guess no one read my journal yet
So, in the end, I didn't buy them.:p I hope I can find my favorite clothes again somewhere.
After having gone through all these busy and boring days, I totally have no idea about what I can say!
4th Mar 2010 Thursday.
Many typhoons approach Japan every summer.
I `m looking forward to going to Taiwan next month.
In the summer I have been taking an English course at the Direct English Institute, I am in the 3rd level class there.
I have many hopes such as reading novels.
Also I use Photoshop to design pictures.
Today I have had a good day but I got up late. Anyway, just before my class friend asked me about my weight. It was embarassing for me because I'm a Korean girl and some young girls don't like to be asked about that. If a girl asks me I might be ok so I hope that my classmate friend never asks me.
He went to senior field of the game, through been killed a million times for learning how to survive.
capture the highend user first, the total opposite in India.
localization in areas/ countries where most Japanese company failed even though they have high-tech.
So, I picked two guides titled ``Canada`` and ``Germany``.
this is the chinese traditional festival, maybe other families are happy and excited, but mine are not,
He recorded himself speaking in fluent Japanese.
And today was no exception,
fundamental: I need to study the fundamentals of Japanese history.
indispensable: He is an indispensable force for our company.
splendid: Casa Roma is a splendid castle built in Tronto.
cultural: We can treat each other well even if we have cultural differences.
To make your date more interesting, you should add a surprise.
It `s been over half a year, but I still have many problems both speaking and understanding English... My working visa will expire at the end of February. The time I have left doesn't seem like enough for me to improve to the point of satisfaction.
Lately, I feel more and more tense, and frustrated. I know the best way to learn is to enjoy what you do, however I am not the sort of person who is able to make everything enjoyable. I probably need to prioritise that over learning the language... hmm.....
When my friends called, I tried to only have a short conversation.
If I were to keep learning English, I could speak English well.
After all, our meeting was delayed for a few minutes..., I'm sorry.
but the problem is that these lifestyle's change makes people overweight easily. Also, people don't want to exercise.
But I always think my English level is so low...
The more entertaining, the more gaming technology is developed, but it increases danger to mix up what is real and what is not.
alright guys, forgive my crap jokes, good night, I will do my best.
Choosing a PC
Since I was in a hurry, I thought I would pick them up and throw them away later but forgot about it.
It is unlikely that someone would take only the chopsticks out of the plastic bag to use them.
I think both the government and all universities must get prepared for its future impact.
When I first listened to it, I didn't know what he said.
I felt especially sad when I watched that last scene.
because I will graduate.
I got to know a Nepalese person, who is the owner of a Nepal restaurant in Japan.
He told me that his restaurant provides very delicious Nepal food.
= to move from side to side in an unsteady way
Thinking about this, I was spiritless and fell in a deep mire.
A dog was rescued when it was on a roof of a destroyed house that was drifting 1. 8 kilometers offshore.
One of my friends received disqualification letter from the company he applied to work for.
However, unfortunately we don't have any vacancies in that department you applied.
Candidates are also our customer?
There is a lot of damage because of the typhoons this year.
When I was a high school student, House of Wax was broadcasted on TV at night.
I watched this movie to the end.
Every Wednesday, I have an English conversation lesson where we watch a movie in English, write notes about the story and then present a report at my university.
It's my second year in the university, and despite not being able to adapt to campus life, I have been getting used to various things.
It is something round, hung with a string for example in the middle of a room, and the players have to break it with a stick: what is inside (of the ``pentolaccia``, for example flour or sweets), will fall down.
She told me to buy a balloon, the powdered paste used for wallpaper, a lot of newspaper, some giftwrap and a string.
My school held a festival yesterday.
In my new life style, I have a lot of change compared to before.
Especially now, I am beginning to spend all day at university during the week.
I have also/ never? watched such interesting American dramas, for example, 24, prison break, lost, X-file...
If anyone likes these American dramas, let's talk about them!
From now on I will try to reduce the choice,_ concentrate more on what I decided.
I wonder if the members of that kind of association are get in easier than others.
Harry Potter
I read books ``Harry Potter``
It was 2001 that the movie titled Harry Potter appeared first
In those days, movie ``Harry Potter`` was a object of attention
and I bought books ``Harry Potter``, Watching the movie.
On the otherhand, almost all cars exhaust carbon dioxide.
I don't want to have a fatal accident or even a traffic accident, secondly I would like to make the air cleaner for the next generation
In class, we were given the following question:
So could you please tell me your reasons for studying Japanese..
Although their songs mixes Japanese, the vocal who is a native English speaker sings with an English accent, so even native speakers of Japanese, and of course me too-can't tell which is Japanese and which is English.
Are sure you checked the email I sent to you.
I usually read a lot of materials when I have spare time.
I think reading is very beneficial for me.
But my parents started to complain about the calligraphy and ordered me to put not only the next year's Chinese zodiac character but also something for good luck.
I want to feel a different culture by mingling with the local people.
How to contact me. ^ ^
I want to speak English more naturally.
There are too many self-development or self-motivation or self-help books in Korea.
I'm wondering if these books are really helpful in one's life?
The beautiful woman translated it from Ukrainian to English.
I rode on it without thinking.
I found many fountains and also many people refreshing with it.
Although I was always moving with my heavy backpack, I didn't feel tired.
Korean pop has won a considerable following in Japan.
Similarly Korean drama has been a great hit.
Why they have won this popularity?
Their dances and songs are interesting and memorable.
I hope we can have classses on MSN or Skype regularly at a fixed time.
I'm majoring in computer science.
Nowadays I'm learning English.
I have experience in preparing for Korean language ability exam.
so I can help you effectively.
and send a message to me
Bradley has changed through talking to a good councellor.
Sometimes I think I wanna go back!!!!!
My hobby is scuba diving.
I've traveled some places in not only Japan, also other countries.
PNU consists of 12 departments.
I'm going to see my school scenery.
Last weekend my wife and I went to tennis matches for beginner mix doubles.
It's delicious and rare, I want to learn how to cook this kind of beef.
I found out about Lang-8 today and registered right away.
After I graduated from high school I started learning English alone.
I studied English by watching NHK TV which is educational.
By the way, Feburary 14th is Valentine's day.
Japanese girls often give chocolates to their boyfriends.
Not for boyfriend! lol I've made chocolates for Valentine's day since I was an elementary school student.
It's soft, moist and always fresh baked, not too sweet and you can see sliced piece of carrots in the cake.
However, I can't explain.
I felt sympathy for the Cambodia refugees, and wanted to know more about it.
And now, I'm researching The Indochinha War, mainly focused on the diplomatic relation between Vietnam and France.
It was so hard because there weren't enough references, but I made my effort to research, and I understand it very well.
Kendou is a contrast to weight training.
Weight training is reasonable.
It is difficult for rationalist Americans to understand Kendo spirit.
Someday, I want to watch the MLB game live at the stadium.
Therefore I can't continue to use it, I was disappointed...
They usually boil Hijiki with soy souce and sugar,
I can understand them.
My favorite (shop) is a Chinese restaurant near the school.
This song is about ``bouncing back``.
I'm not good at expressing myself, I don't have any qualifications but a driving license, I have never had special experience such as internship and being a volunteer.
Please teach me English.
The Flintsones
The Transformers
2: Be engaged with an institute related to UN operations or non-profit operations.
But,,,, I always feel disappointed with my poor English skills, especially when speaking:(
Sometimes I get tired of the piles of assignments, but I enjoy spending lots of time with good teachers and friends who aim high.
I'm tired because I have to go to the lab everyday and take care of the fish.
And I went to the class and I was so disappointed because this room is very hot:(.
In the morning, I checked my phone but there weren't any calls from him so, because of that, I was angry at him and, still upset, I went to my part-time job.
These days I worry about my future and become sensitive thinking about it.
now I am living in the southest of china, Now the temperature is very high in the daytime. however it is low in the morning and night when is very cool and the wind is very soft. I like it very much, but I hate the daytime.
Of course, don't forget marathon (42 km).
Today, I start my lang-8 life.
My father did it for my parents because they will back to Brasil!
My teacher told us that in Korea there was a race yesterday.
They checked 5th and 6th graders... I need to practice more each day.
``Jill Stuart`` is my favorite brand.
This fragrance is like vanilla mixed with flowers
I would like to wear its dresses in a party after the graduation ceremony.
If I were her, I would be very embarrassed and stop right away.
However, she was tough because after that, she tried to use her cell phone again and was called by the professor again.
Something that I learnt today
First, I want to share my experience when I traveled to China.
When you visit a shrine, ring the bell, bow twice, clap your hands twice and then bow deeply once again.
On the train, I'm listening to R& B music to use in my lesson.
I prefer read some easy books, watch American TV, movies with English subtitles and these funny things to learn.
My main difficulty is understanding spoken English.
When the groom kissed the bride, many cameras flashed.
I am happy for them sincerely.
The reason I want to write English is to enhance my English skill.
It isn't necessary to write in English.
will someone correct my grammatical mistakes after I post it or should I add someone to be my friend first?
My favorite sports are Football and Snowboarding.
When we were done skating, the metro was not working, so my dad drove us all home.
Depending on how she is feeling that day she may begin to imagine the very worst--``He hates me, he doesn't love me, he is leaving me forever.`` This may then trigger her deepest fear, which is ``I am afraid that if he rejects me then I will never be loved.
I found him on YouTube:) He made a parody of Miley Cyrus's 7 days.
9 bus that caught itself on fire in Chengdu.
(Star Ruby is a library to develop computer games with Ruby language.
Just 12 hours left until I go to Cambodia!
Vol. 1 (Prayer etiquette in temples)
Yay!!
I didn't think they could win, therefore I was really surprised.
Many friends cheer the team of your own country.
So it was difficult for me to read a lot of passages in a short period of time.
I upgraded lang-8 to premium.
Are you surprised that we didn't fly on the plane/ go by plane?
What I'm studying at university
I'm studying mainly Mathmatics and Physics at university.
I was good at Math and Physics when I was a high school student.
Although I don't study English at the university, I want to be able to speak English fluently.
, and you will be friends with me!!
It is derived from ``family``
In japan is winter now.
Recently, I happened upon very nice music.
I watched ``Enchanted`` by disney.
Someday, I'll try to fall in love with such a prince!!
Know that no gain without pain, this what I learned from life.
Speaking the truth, what I would like is to make foreign friends more than learning english, I am very curious about everything outside China and I dream about travelling around the world one day.
But according to his facial expression, it seems to have failed.
I want to communicate with a lot of people.
example: The teacher used his car as an example when he was teaching about the hybrid car.
But I think it is good way to improve my English writing skills by diaries.
I'm a little good at writing and grammar of English but I'm poor at speaking and listening because Japanese educational system of English focuses on writing and grammar.
But I think this system derives from Japanese nationality.
What is your favorite russian song?
I decide give up on these nerouses.
I want have a better life! I want to smile and I tried to sing.
I found the world become beautiful and everything became right! so happy! I konw the life is myself and if I felt good it will fell good! hope everyone find yourself I trust you will get what's you want!
Hi everybody!!!
Anyway he fell in love with the smart phone, and his explanation made me almost fall asleep.
Oh, it isn't snowing and I can't go snowboarding...
I need to revise the text for retelling for my English course, but it is very difficult for me& nbsp; because my pronouncication is not very good and I find speaking& nbsp; more difficult than listening.
Yesterday, I was taught how to play golf by a professional golf player.
I didn't have any appointments or plans yesterday.
I first took my seat and I ordered an iced caramel latte.
I must speak about my country.
I came up with some ideas for my speech.
I always go to English classes Saturday's at 3pm until 6pm so I did that, and also in the morning I went to a pole dancing class, I do that to lose weight and gain strength, and it is a fun activity too.
I decided to write a diary entry.
so I cannot talk with my friends on abroad with humor.
I'm bad at physics and math.
She is twenty-six who is living in Tokyo for a job/ work.
select: She selected the blue flowers for her friend's gift.
divide: We were divided into two groups in/ by that argument.
convey: Sometimes it is difficult to convey what we want to say in a foreign/ another language.
I like drawing characters very much.
My hobby is watching baseball games on TV, because I like baseball
Then they make unhappy faces and ask me again, 'What can you cook without curry?'
My roommate and I decided to clean our dormitory tomorrow.
Good night.
So it was a pleasure.
It costs 55 aus dollars.
I have to sell my car for at least 4000 aus dollars.
I talk with my family using Skype almost every day.
I'm a normal man. someone please help me lol
I thought he put my socks in his closet again.
oh my goodness, it was a gay magazine! I was really surprised, and I also became scared of my landlord.
I promise, no, I guarantee, I'll never come back to Australia again, even if my mother is kidnapped by someone and taken to Australia.
I kinda wanna change from Frontline to some other medicine.
But since I have few opportunities to use it, my English still looks like Chin-glish.
I wish I would not get in trouble with anyone during my trip since people are the most dangerous creature in the world.
Because this spring I have to take job hunting seriously as I am going to be last grade in my uni.
I have to endure missing my family and friends in Korea.
I have been learning yoga for three years because I have stiff shoulders.
I think that the hula dance is elegant and sometimes difficult to execute.
well you are fake basically, so it is okay.
I've been studying English for 4 months in Sydney, but I still can't see the top of the montain at all.
How high have I climbed from the foot of the mountain?
Anyway, everyone is learning a second language on this website; I respect all of them.
What I'll write is just my opinion, so even if my ways of studying will be different from you, don't worry about that.
Speaking skills are proportional to writing skills.
If I wanna understand what English speakers say, I have to read English books and I have to ask Japanese who can speak English very well about why I couldn't translate it.
I don't think that way because, when I got up that day, I felt a little bit tired
According to researchers who foucued on the relationship between the length of sleeping and whether you feel good when you get up,
Pachinko is one of the gambling methods.
However they are expensive, because they can do many things.
However, I have no need to record conversations and am not interested in any radio programs...
I have studied for over 10 years to pass an exam for some national qualification.
T ``in English with Japanese subtitles on DVD.
As you know, ET is a famous movie, but I watched it for the first time.
I'm always thinking about the reason why he did that and why he always refuses that someone helps him after I watched ``HOUSE M.
I can't just skip unknown words so reading this book will take a while.
TIME is featuring superbowl ads as follows:
I'm going to get a job until March and its going to be okay. I don't have to rush ~ ~
My recommended Movies
I intend to describe daily happenings here.
The ceremony at the kindergarten
We attended the ceremony at the kindergarten last Thursday.
The ceremony lasted about 1 hour and thirty minutes, and
The reason we think so much about those news stories is because even if the news content is quite ordinary, it picks up and repeats many times just because famous people are involved.
My friend introduced me to this useful website.
Although my Japanese is not good to write an article (entry).
IN DEFENSE OF MR. FIX-IT AND THE HOME-IMPROVEMENT COMMITTEE
When a woman resists a man's solutions he feels his competence is being questioned.
As a result, he feels mistrusted, unappreciated, and stops caring.
He can reflect and discover how he was probably offering solutions at a time when she was needing empathy and nurturing.
Here are some brief examples of ways a man might mistakenly invalidate feelings and perceptions or offer unwanted solutions.
This is what you should do. ``
Each of these statements either invalidates or attempts to explain upset feelings or offers a solution designed suddenly to change her negative feelings to positive feelings.
By learning to listen, gradually he will experience that she will appreciate him more even when at first she is upset with him.
She can reflect and discover how she was probably giving him unsolicited advice or criticism rather than simply sharing her needs, providing information, or making a request.
When I woke up, I could see the heavy snow.
hello ~:) I live in korea
Yesterday, the Dubai World Cup (horse racing) was held in Dubai.
It was very exiting, because it was the first time that a Japanese horse won.
I think Japanese horses have achieved world-class status.
as playing basketball, swimming, running and so on. If it is sunny, I'll go fishing with my friends and swimming. I think that is impossible. wuwuwu. But I can play computer games at home, hehe.
These days, it is getting colder and colder.
I realized I could not be friends with autumn and winter.
No matter what beverage she drinks, almost nobody would mind.
Possibly women, who tend to have great interest in their own figure and weight, believe they have an obligation to refrain such drinks.
What I strongly want to mention is that all we need to do is develop and build good relationships with various countries.
I went to Canada on spring vacation.
Hi, my name is gulizen and I'm very happy to meet you on lang-8. It's a good way to learn other languages.
I thank them for their hearfelt concern; however, dare I say, they have misunderstood the situation in Japan.
Recently I watched the news on the central Russian TV-channel, and they said that Hollywood has started shooting a film called& nbsp; ``Georgia``.
This is an information war and the film ``Georgia`` is its logical continuation.
Today, I read a magazine about license in school library and find this site.
But, I want more communication with foreigners.
I am a member of the ``Guidelines Committee on Hypertrophic Scarring`` of the Japan Academic Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.
It was rainy from morning to evening.
plz ~ help to correct my writing. If so, I appreciate your favor.
The Carrier is ``Softbank``. (we have d a bad impression of them)
iPhone doesn't have IrDA. (we use this for exchanging mail addresses usually)
Java application doesn't work in the iPhone.
On Monday, I went to the school pool for the first time in this year.
But I don't like swimming in cold water..
I will keep swimming until I'm a Kosen student.
I'm having a tournament of swimming (or swimming tournament) for high school student on June 5.
A Japanese women was taught not to express their thoughts or opinions since their childhood.
Many foreigners believe this.
Book Review-Black Boy, Garden Party.
Because it has too many pages.
Reading the book, I am reminded of Korea occupied by Japan in the 1930's (although I wasn't born in this age, I can only imagine). Like many Koreans, Richard has had hard time.
I guess 'nigger' and 'black boy' are bad words.
Her Father is very expected.
Laura wanted to end the party but her mother didn't want to because she didn't want to ruin the fun for everyone. Laura felt guilty and visited the dead man's home to pay her respects.
The JLPT just examines the learner's knowledge.
When I arrived at the clothing department, the sales clerk was only one there.
I cooked a full-course Italian meal, Salad, AcquaPazza, Pasta.
Whereas there are wide range of Nabe in Japan, we ate quite simple nabe, mainly (?). We put all of the leftovers from the refrigerator, such as radish, carrot, deep-fried tofu (bean curd), mushroom, long onion and water, into the pot and cooked them together.
Five months ago, I met a Filipino student on Smart.
The day before yesterday he sent me a message that he applied for the job as a tutor.
I already have some favorite tutors at my conversational school.
I don't know that song lirycs is ``Mr american pie``.
because there is nothing aboput ``american pie``.
The hit single of this album is called/ named 'Stupid,' which is about a man whose heart has been broken by a girl.
During an interview, he said that he wanted to become a radio DJ with his own show after releasing the album.
It is very difficult to find a good definition for friendship.
A true friend finds pleasure in our joy and shares sorrow in our grief.
The people who are my friends are always at my side to give me help and comfort.
I think this is true friendship.
These days I have been exchanging messages with my foreign friend, and it is as pleasant as a real conversation.
First diary
To change the subject, earthquakes& tsunami are terrible.
The cerebral wave activity is classified into groups, each one named with a Greek letter: Alpha, Delta, Gamma and Theta.
So, Alpha waves have a frequency of 0. 5 and 0. 4 cycles per second, and they are often found in a state of deep sleep.
Theta waves have a frequency of 5 and 7 cycles per second, and they are found in the state between wakefulness and dreaming.
Alpha waves have a frequency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and a relaxed alert.
Beta waves have a frequency of 15 and 22 cycles per second, and they are found in a state of crisis, anxiety and aggressiveness.
The massive production of Alpha waves in children makes them have a great learning capacity that can even allow them to attain/ achieve super-learning or accelerated learning when there is a state of peace.
On the other hand, if there is a state of aggressiveness or stress, learning cannot be achieved.
These ways are called the perception channels, and are usually used by the NLP (neuro-linguistic programming) to generate positive and permanent changes in people's behavior.
I want to communicate with people.
I started a part-time job in a convenience store two months ago.
I have been very busy for this two months.
For the first month, I cleaned the toilet facilities, took out the garbage, welcomed the customers and (?) helped to organise the stock of goods, on top of working as a cashier with seniors and so on.
I was tremendously encouraged when I was told off by a manager.
Thanks to them, I got used to work little by little, as time passed.
One day, the store manager said to me ``It is important to greet with a smile and make eye contacts with the customers``.
Then, some customers thanked me with smiles and left the store.
There is a gerbil at my home, but it's not the only pet we have.
But it's a pity that I couldn't find a mousetrap in my home, it made the mice leave my apartment last time a few years ago.
It's really interesting, and a lot easier for me to read, probably because there's a bunch of conversations in it.
I asked them ``why does the elephant need to be on diet?`` They said ``Because we have to minimimize the transport fee.`` I feel managing the Elephant is very difficult.
I gave up on it then.
I respect strong-characterized people
I respect strong-characterized people.
She moves with difficulty.
She still goes to University and continues her education by correspondence.
Recently she has started to make (create) beautiful accessories.
She is talented.
I can't get up early in the morning!
(Fixed) Odell wasn't certain of what he saw. The climbers may have been at a much lower first step, with a formidable second step still to come.
(corrected) Odell hasn't confident about what he saw. The mountaineers may have been at a much lower first step, with a formidable second step still to come.
Although I am sure you know of them, I want to introduce music by these singers and anextra song by Andi Gibb, who in my mind, is the very image of the past american people because of his fashion and long blond hair.
But I've changed my mind recently.
In the playoffs, everyone is very important to the team, not to mention Rockets lost the African Mountain.
I decided to undergo a long journey by bike, which took about four hours to arrive at my destination.
During the recent winter vacation, when for the greater part of the time the temperature was always under-20 degrees.
Now the temperature has increased, and it usually ranges roughly from-10 to 2 degrees.
Even with this increase, a long time exposed to the cold, proved to be more than I could bear.
I was travelling to China with my friends until yesterday.
I want to be able to speak English and communicate with people all over the world!
Since I work in my office, looking outside through the window is fun and relaxing to me.
Last year, I ate and drank freely and as a result, I didn't gain weight but gained visceral fat.
It is one of the largest ones in Japan.
So the teacher came to our room at 10: 30 each night during the four days.
My umbrella was broken yesterday.
I'm going to write about the spacecraft Hayabusa today.
The body burned, but she released a capsule toward the earth before she was burned.
Nobody knows what was in the capsule until it was opened.
If there were aliens in the capsule, We would be surprised!
However, writing in this diary gives today some meaning.
but he didn't find one
The typhoon has approached.
I will do it steadily.
I found ``Train Man`` which is a very famous story in Japan in 2006 translated in English.
It attacked me like a mosquito.
I chose the book related to my major (mechanical engineering) so that I could practice my English reading skills.
meeting fascinating people
These days, I have studied promotion on a Japanese musician and today is last time to study it.
Someday, I want to sing songs in other language.
Importance of reading
This is the first time for me to write my diary in English.
The aim is to experience a wider world and enter a more challenging life.
But first, I should speak in English very fluently.
And I have to overcome my fear and shyness especially when I meet an aggressive person who feels frustrated while talking with me.
Fortunately, I found a newspaper clippings.
Although, I've been feeling lonely lately.
I tried to call my friends several times yesterday.
That made me lonelier.
I have a troubled personality.
As soon as you are busy enough, you will forget what you want because you have no time.
So, the cultural festival is a place to understand the school atmosphere.
My friends said that this website benifitted her a lot, and she recommended it to me so I came/ joined.
So let me introduce myself a little bit.
My 3-year-old daughter was born here and that was a tough experience for me because I was not able to express how my wife was doing when a nurse/ doctor asked.
But I believe that if I just go on and study constantly without being lazy, then I definitely will achieve my goals.
I believe in myself.
I wrote that I was going to watch the movie (or: a movie called) ``A Prophet``.
I have two tomorrow.
I'm gonna eat Russian cuisine tonight.
I live in a dormitory near my home.
Maybe!!!
Many elementary students in Japan ride unicycles.
unicycles are very popular among girls.
I didn't know how wonderful performances with unicycles could be until she started it.
I watched ``Swan Lake`` at Lincoln Center tonight.
I didn't know that early day tango was played with flute and guitar.
He is really scary and aggressive.
Multimedia Class
thus all of them are bound together by affection, and they find their friendship to be the cheeriest relationship in the world.
first, it is difficult to suppose that one can experience anything, continuously.
I am writing a program for learning foreign languages (next version).
The Version for Linux works great, not because I like Linux, but that on Linux using UTF-8 chars in console is possible, in Windows it isn't possible.
I have studied english for about a year.
but my english is not at a practical level.
What do you think of working at resort area?
I'm not sure the name of the place, This area is famous for snowboarding and skiing.
I need to check it) I will go to the airport with my aunt, uncle, and my brother by car.
I will ought to have breakfast by stopping the restaurant before we get to the airport.
My dear friends, please tell me how can I do?
I'm a 21-year-old girl, and I'm studying English Literature in my university.
I've also been studying Brazilian Portuguese for one month.
So I was searching for a website to help with my studies.
Today I am not going on a business trip.
So I was very confused when I noticed it.
I tried do my best and as much as I could all day today because I don't like to make someone feel uncomfortable because of my action.
So I just apologised to everybody on twitter.
I think that I can't say that I am okay because I am not sure about my acitong.
The euro is very weak and the yen became very strong.
I checked the exchange rate for the New Zealand dollar but it was same.. (^ ^;
One of my friends who plans to go to Europe this summer changed yen to euro yesterday.
Tomorrow I will go my daughter's kindergarten to join in the Summer Festival celebration (promoted by teachers) with my family.
It was cold today, those days the outside temperature was 0 degree.
Hello, friends and teachers!
I have plans to teach my native language in Bangkok..
I really want to help you enjoy your experience here in Thailand..
Private classes are available every day including Saturdays and Sundays from 8am until 8pm.
nighty-night naka...
Because it is very different from what I have ever used, it is very difficult for me to use it.
When I drink with my close friends and If I determined to hang out till morning at clubs or something, I drink roughly a half bottle of tequila and a couple of bottles of beer.
Sometimes I kicked the ball and hit someone who was running toward me. I was running, too, then all the players ran into me, even though I was running as hard as I could.
I agree with the opinion that Kokubo should wear his tie and pants properly because he is now a representative of Japan under the national flag, not just an athlete who is abroad to attend international matches as a qualified individual.
I played softball with a Heavy Industries customer two weeks ago.
Although the first game was fought well very much, it was reversed and by the last round and we lost.
As a result, our team had the lowest grade at the tournament.
I think it is a good thing to form relationships outside of work with my customer.
Do you have relationships outside work with your customer?
I need to write my diary in a short time span, but I will keep updating
And recently many murder events have happened in Vancouver.
Tonight I will sleep early, and tomorrow do my best.
I major in international relations.
Especially Tchaikovsky and Schubert are my favorites.
I'm going to stay here just about one month.
He declared that we would never get any furnitureat IKEA.
I try to think positive, but It is such a hard thing to do.
today. I went to yoga shool. so recently I started to yoga,
Big queues, crowds of people, everybody is angry-all of this is a consequence of Russian education reform.
Unfortunately, I realized that it is a fairy tale.
But I still believe that I will enter the university/ institute, Russian corruption won't be a problem on the way to my goals, and I will be lucky to say that I am a student of university!
Tongue twister with Insomnia
As a result, I didn't go to the library and I regret my idleness.
It is because there are many things I'd like to do and
Please correct it on grammar and suggest a more native usage of the language.
And they are also often said to have poor imagination.
And as you know, Japanese animation is now highly renowned worldwide.
I am going to hold onto my English.
I am supposed to talk with my friends if I need to talk with them.
I have finished reading a book.
But they disappeared soon afterward.
He started to study this phenomenon.
Thanks!
military base near my town, so many Americans live in the city.
I think I have many opportunities to speak in English close to home.
I studied American sign language today with some girl on edufire.
The girl who taught me,
She also taught me in English.
Today, when I went into an orientation& nbsp; workshop, I was surprised to see a lot of people there.
I gain my weight rapidly last summer season.
I will continue my english learning journey...
My dear friends, it has been months since my last visit to this website.
I (will) start my college junior life in the beginning of september.
I can read English a little bit, but I'm poor at speaking, listening, and writing English.
Now, I want to prepare some useful sentences, for example:
For example, there are bedrooms, a bathroom, a kitchen, and so on.
This is because if you eat dinner together, you can have coversations and it helps us understand each other.
In this way, I can get their counsel and, at the same time, they can make out my thoughts and the situation I am currently in.
In my opinion, close family bonds are one of the most important things in our life, and the dining room plays an essential role in it.
Thus, the chance of making a new acquaintance who I did not know well before increases.
In conclusion, I believe that the dining room is the most important room in a house.
We can maintain a good relationship with our family by communicating in the dining room, and we can also use it for a party where we can invite people from outside our house.
For example, If you have a dog, you need time for it: buy it food, play with it, take it for walks, etc.
I believe that a pet is more responsibility.
I played a game.
I don't feel very good today. Everything is going the wrong way. I try my best to let it go into the right way, but I failed. Maybe I should think more clearly, but I can't.
In short, we still dont know why consciousness exists, why I'm not a philosophical zombie.
The pianist was born in a poor family, but he had the chance to become a famous pianist.
The rapid development of information technology, especially the Internet, has made an increasing number of e-books available to people.
Therefore, traditional books will continue to exist despite the rising popularity of e-books.
If they get their total salary, companies will go bankrupt.
Most of them are non copyrighted because the authors of them died over 50 years ago.
I just received an e-mail from my friend.
Before that she worked in a public hall, same occupation.
Now she works with teachers and she is very lonely.
Today I realized why it is so important not to give up.
Hanging Out With My Friends
He explained his critical situation to her.
I was surprised at our unexpected visitor.
``My elder sister is also a geek, sometimes we discuss about the future of the Japanese animation industry.``
I relly love teaching Samulnori with traditional Korean equipment.
While I am writing this, I want to eat it too.
I don't get feedback immediately when I write.
Many native animals live in the tropical forests in Australia.
Of course, I'm planning to go to the city zoo in Cairns and cuddle a koala bear.
Actually, I prefer wombats to koalas, but I'm uncertain whether visitors can cuddle a wombat.
Assad's shop attracts crowds of people and the queue extends to the street corner everyday.
People like me wish that he never leaves China.
thirds of the book but I haven't found any impressive sentences.
4) China's economy is gaining strength as it continues to increase its exports.
I'm going to be able to drink alcohol.
Yesterday was my 4th wedding anniversary!
This event is a forum for professional or amateur artists.
I've studied english for more than 7 years, but my english is still so poor, I can't even talk to people, I hope one day I can speak english like a english speaker.
cause, I was born into a poor family, I could not go anywhere but stay here, and my parents did their best to support me through school. I want to change my job, to improve my life, to earn more money to make my family more comfortable.
Ever since the first time when I saw a blackberry phone, I have been totally into them. They look luxurious, and the design is stylish.
I am still considering whether to buy it or not.
Stiff shoulder again
Steve 'Apple-Head' Jobs is really cool. ``
We are forced to learn English since our childhood. Until now, I'm learning it. This has become a big part of my study. We don't hear our students reading poetry, the essence of Chinese literature, which were passed down for generations. However, we always read and recite English instead. Oh no, those are not oral English, just so called Chinglish. What a sad thing!
On that day, many people come to my city.
ch it on TV. But my friends interested in F1, so we watch on TV.
Because, there are many races in a month.
I saw coloring (colored) leaves.
It's very beautiful.
Autumn is my favorite season of the year.
Russians are mysterious.
Chinese people are also mysterious.
Although Samet island is not as popular as Phuket or Samui, its beach look very beautiful!
One can say that creating sentences is also a good activity that might
Many have often thought about living in a place where two or more languages
Last week my digital camera broke and I need get it a new one for my trip next month.
I could see many different costumes and dances.
We have called each other whether we were happy or gloomy.
I attended it, and we cried until we had exhausted our tears.
I think Japan is gentle for a smoker because there are a lots of smoking areas and cigarettes are cheaper than any other country.
The restaurant is what is called a ``revolving sushi bar``, where dishes are carried on a conveyor belt.
Two pieces of sushi are on a dish and you can eat a dish for one dollar.
An increasing number of revolving sushi bars have opened recently, so we can have sushi at an affordable price.
There is no doubt that it is not good for our environment to build a factory in our community.
First, it will pollute the river near the community, which was full of fish.
It is not smart to depend the increase of the economy on the damage of the environment, which is very weak and cannot be rebuilt.
Living in a community with fresh air, clean water and silent environment is much better than in a polluted area.
He told me to use the expressions that can be found in the dictionary, otherwise my English would be strange.
I hope that the people can find a way back to their normal life and be happy again.
My major is Engrish.
My Japanese teacher asked me to focus on listening, talking and grammar.
I hope that I can improve my talking and listening as soon as possible because I really want to have perfect English.
Hello everyone.
I did my study abroad in Fiji and it was sooooo good.
Especially over hotel life.
After that I moved to a hotel whose manager is a Fijian woman who was so
Some of my friends who were also going back Japan cried and cried...
Anyway my English is better than before, particularly my speaking
but my vocabulary isn't good enough for staying in another country, I think.
that's why I am going to study abroad again soon.
I was really disappointed with my English skills again and again during the show.
Anyway, very few Japanese actors can speak English or Mandarin like native speakers, so most of Japanese actors can't appear in famous Hollywood movies.
On a lemon tree which I bought 5 years ago, swallowtails laid eggs since the last summer.
Living expensein South Dakota!
Today, I began this lang-8 service hoping to improve my English-writing skill.
Time permitting, I would like to take part in advising on Japanese usage, and am very glad to get any tips on my English use.
Kingland is a beatiful country in southern Asia.
People in Kingland eat sea food every day.
I would like to see the country Kingland atleast once in my life.
I promised my friend.
Even though we had never eaten with each other, we had a good relationship.
Yet, I don't like to have a lot of free time, especially when Ioften sleep halfa day ratherthen spending time in the Internet, or even watching TV.
My goals are good pronunciation, writing English easily and reading English websites and books speedily and accurately.
Regular member Cambodian vocalist Sokha joined us for 1hour.
Rurouni Kenshin
They are very professional, friendly, and seem to have respect for all of the workers.
But there're only words and I feel that it's not enough. (enough)
Everywhere I go I keep listening to my favourite song..
I made lots friends who came from all over and I always felt happy. I never felt bad because I really enjoyed living in Australia with my good plicks! haha
About 10 days after got to Australia, when I was hanging around, I found posh cafe and dropped my resume off.
They said, ``Come to an interview tomorrow.``
Why on earth has our rejection of nuclear power disappeared?
So today we went in and out every shop downtown and we tried on styles we like.
After that, we went to dinner at a Thai restaurant.
I really want to visit it again and, if I can, (I will) live there for several years.
Today I heard that my younger colleague had started writing a journal at this great site.
Recently I have been practicing reading English sentences loudly many times to brush up on my skills.
But I have yet to learn more words and phrases, so I'm back to writing in my diary again to practice my writing skills as well.
The new year still has many challenges waiting for me.
Goodbye 2008, hello 2009 ~!
NINE is a movie directed by Rob Marshall.
In this site, I feel that I'll study more, and I'll be able to communicate better in English.
Torne has a ``trophy`` function, which is something that records my viewing history.
This story is a parody of The littler match girl and shows the European turmoil pretty well.
Recently, the Euro has dramatically fallen against the dollar and yen.
It was a beautiful day yestarday
I'm going to go to an art exhibition in Hakone this Sunday, so I hope it will be sunny there.
Then she disappeared with her son.
At the end of class I wanted to try to talk with him, and I asked him how I was in his class today, he just nodded
I promised him to show the winter scenery of Hokkaido such as Sapporo city covered by snow, the festivity of Sapporo Yuki Maturi by ``You tube``.
5 years ago, I would have never guessed I would have communication this way.
However, all the children became very quiet
I just watched the 1st and 2nd episodes.
One of the survivors, John Rock, should have been dead, but he was still alive in the hall.
Why did the crowd appear?
and I was always looking forward to it.
I was given a digital camera.
There is no way that showing kindness, affection, or any other form of positivity won't be appreciated.
You are the most jealous person in my class.
He is the second heaviest boy of my friends.
We finished the (/ our) test and then we were going to the Black Cat in Brunswick Street, Fitzroy.
Before we went there, we had talked about the distinctive features of this cafe.
So the teacher recommended a good restaurant near the Black Cat.
including Japan.
And I watched a movie in the cafe, ``The Bourne Ultimatum``, whose main actor is Matt Damon.
Also, Interenet Cafes in Japan have versatile services.
You can spend a night on a tatami-floor at a price cheaper than a hotel. (but limited room though..) Of course, they ordinarily serve free drinks such as coffee, tea, or juice.
Some of them have darts or billiards!
IF I Won 10 Million Dollars
If I won 10 million dollers, I'd like to buy a lot of games for an Xbox360 and go abroad right now:) If I still had a lot of money, I donate to people in need.
To begin with, I'll finish my last semester at university for graduation.
Employees fingers are not put into the soup, making it clean and safe, preventing burns.
Or is it truly beyond my understanding?
However, my friends told me it's really yummy and sweet.
One of them is Israeli; she speaks English with a strong accent.
Should someone solve my writing error and laziness problem?
I have two children: one is in college and the other is in elementary school.
What kind of people do you like?
The title is ``The Castle Of Cagliostro,`` which is made by Hayao Miyazaki, the most famous director in Japanese animation.
I find it very useful when reading entries written by other Japanese corrected by native speakers, because you can tell the difference in expressions between English and Japanese. It touches the heart of Japanese culture for Japanese people learning English.
Thus my lifeevironnment seems never could make me have a new dream.
How to choose an appropriate article (that is, 'a' or 'the') is a very difficult question whenever I study English.
Thanks for reminding me and I remember this/ that moment. It was very amazing. Life was beautiful.
I read in a magazine that the BOB cut is now the trend.
I was disappointed.
To improve English is very very hard!!!
When I left the subway, I found the paper bag that had my lunch was torn because the subway was so crowded.
I don't want it to cost a lot of money.
I enjoyed a fireflower and Japanese Origami with my sister's daughter and son.
I'm looking forward to watching them grow up!
In fact, it's true that many people are not hardworking after they go to college in Taiwan.
I watched Agatha Christie's work-Murder on the Orient Express and Miss Marble.
He put on a talk show at this event, but unfortunately it was full before I could make a reservation.
]) but beforehand, I have to have some theoretical and practical knowledge about traditional art (painting, architecture or color theory, management of space).
You know, you can only apply for one school for your bachelor's degree.
The weather is cool and my friend is going to see a movie but I have to work
Please correct and answer my question!
I don't know what happened.
please ~ teach me English.
I'm an university student and my major is international law.
If you wanna learn chinese regularly, just add me.
Finally I got admitted to the International Trade Institute.
In my school, we are playing instruments in the school musical.
because in 3-1 we are playing instruments!!!
I needed a person who would let me practice various skills.
I want go to shopping but I'm always busy. lol
And because of the rain, I couldn't go very far for dining, and I could only choose the near restaurants
Especially, anyone learning Japanese (^-^)/
I heard and thought, ``what should I eat??``
Because Bobby advised me to follow them to Chautauqua Park, I went there.
I spread it on toast every morning.
But one thing I have to be careful about is not getting a bad tooth.
I starting Lang-8 right now!
My English writing skill and vocabulary are really not enough.
First of all, she is a very hard working person. She has the capacity to work for a long time without complaining until she achieves her goal.
Besides that, she taught us to care about our studies and to search for knowledge everywhere and by any means, because she believes that man without knowledge is like a body without a soul.
They are probably around 7 centimeters or so.
I heard that our common friend, who is
I will show a video of thai fruit carving to you. When I was young
So women would stay at home and learn about cooking, especially
In February, I dropped and broke my camera.
Also in March, I dropped and broke my boyfriend's camera.
Tomorrow will be a great day, I believe!
My brother had a PSP (but he sold it), and we had several games for PSP console.
If you can recommend me some songs, I'll be grateful.
He told me that I was accepted to the university.
During the past three years, I felt tired from time to time, and sometimes I wanted to give up, but I told myself ``I must be keep it up, I must work hard.`` Now my efforts have paid off--I was accepted to a good university.
The phone that can be superior to iphone is nowhere to be found.
Hi ~ I thank you for your labor.
When I first visited this web site, I was suprised at how helpful the people on this website are!
I am a little troubled because I want to help those who are helping me by assisting them in their goal to improve their writing in return.
But many people, including you, like to learn Chinese or Japanese. I'm Korean, so I can't help you directly.
If you're not disturbed by my humble level of English, I hope that you will consent to being my neighbor.
You can grow tired of explaining the same thing, and lose your creativity.
For example, when I am stressed out from studying, I start to eat more or to sleep more than I need.
My favorite of them was a woolen coat.
I don't like you, not because you are an American.
I think I do my best to do your homework and understand when you teach class.
I am very happy to have a girl.
This is the first time I write in this diary.
In order to better learn the intentions behind his paintings, I want to take some classes to learn painting skills, like water oil.
find my diaries to correct.
In Taiwan, there are many people with a teacher licence, but there are just a few students.
As a result, most of these teachers are waiting for a job.
Tomorrow I'm going to have a test of Classical Japanese and I hope everything ends up alright.
My holiday
Actually, I don't miss Taiwan so much.
My roommates are always asking me, ``do you miss rice?``
I would rather try exotic food while in the U. S., rather than Taiwanese ones.
I feel like experiencing the American life-style and being assimilated with them.
Even though he said that I should taste some Taiwanese cuisine here, that way, I could compare what the differences between them are.
A book I read when I was a freshman in my university explained that people want to work atDisneyland because everyone working there can do what he/ she truly wants to do.
Christina is amazing signer. (NOT xtina!)
The idea occurred to me that, why is the image of a flight attendant different from Japan and in the other countries.
I can buy very cheap clothes at Dinos.
romaji-hiragana translator
So I want to use a romaji-hiragana translator with this site, like the one below:
As you know the Korean peninsula is still divided into the South and North.
Effective way of learning English.
I am always thinking how I can improve my English.
Less effort, much more effection.
In that show the reseacher said read letters in books silently.
So we have to know sound infomation even if we read silently
(in English spelling and pronounciation are different)
Seemed that this wasn't her first suicidal attempt.
Nah...
Tomoyo and I went to a new cafe and talked about art.
That night, I called my boyfriend and Mayuko.
We are going to dinenr nest Saturday,
On such a big holiday, our family always gets together to
He was expected to win a gold medal, and all of his supporters in the arena became silent the moment he retired.
Anyway, from now on, I will come and write entries at least once a week, so please help me to write proper English entries.
I'll try to write things here and it will be happy or good things which happens to me every single day.
Despite this constantly expanding library of exotic colloids, however, the advances in colloidal self assembly are surprisingly scarce, and the corresponding self assembled structures still remain quite simple.
Although she is a second grader in high school,
We talked a lot!
In my first degree, I went to Oxford University in England.
I want to visit more and to talk with many kinds of people.
So if you are a very kind person, please check my poor English!!
the weather forecast said (that) it will be hot again (soon).
First, today I am going to play Futsal in the evening.
What do you think about the USCPA in America?
Ken gave me on how to make a good presentation.
or going walking in nature for refresh and health.
I don't have a particular genre of movie I like.
But, I don't think movies are made for fun. Sometimes they give me deep inspiration and make me think about a specific topic.
I want to be an obstetrician or an engineer who makes medical machines to help as many women as possible to live happier lives despite their diseases!
Because sometimes it seems to me that most of them are very intelligent, organized, and privileged at the same time.
He told me that American people are different from Egyptian people
in their thinking, and in their professional and personal lives. But not everyone is different.
I wrote this entry because I want American people to reply to me
How they think in their peofessional and personal lives and
I also want to know how the normal people spend their normal days
Thanks to anyone who will answermy questions.
First I want to express my happiness at Sarahu coming back from her vacation!)
this is very importent fo me I really nervous.
take a pill, but It's not usefull
I have a important test next week
I believe I can do it well
For instance Taylor Swift, Stevie Wonder, The Smashing Pumpkins, Offspring, Sum41, Steve Appleton, A Tribe Called Quest, Pixies, Jay-Z 3OH! 3, etc...
I really like her excellent fashion, action, performance, and of course songs:)
Whenever I questioned something, people responded very
There were (only) a few people who came to the Izakaya
Now I am planning to travel to Thailand for my next vacation.
There are a lot of historical places to visit in Thailand.
After finishing the TV program of Gundam, at first all of the Gundam freaks tried to buy plastic models.
But it makes me too addictive.
Fashion Show
One thing that I noticed is that they (all) wore fashionable clothes as well as a lot of perfume.
Hello, my name is Sar. I am interested in the English language.
So people can easily make rhymes in English since English is avery flexible language in terms of sound.
The answer is quite simple: they use rhymed verse when they make songs.
So we are limited to manipulating rhythm in Japanese. Therefore, ancient Japanese people controlled thenumber of words in Japanese poems in order to make rhythms instead of rhymed verse.
The teacher was Filipino who can only speak English, that means she can't understand if I speak Japanese. I was nervous talking with her!
I booked accomodation, which looked like such a traditional and awesome cabin for a night, through the internet, and bought a pack of beer and some food at the market.
The entrance was pretty, and the usher, who was a very old man, was kind to us.
Anyway, the wholeaccomodation was the opposite of the pictures on the website.
My husband worried about me as my condition was getting worse.
At last he confessed to me that the smell and atmosphere drove him crazy, too.
I stopped drinking beer and smoking; I can't let them help me fall asleep.
I remembered I have a black ipod in my bag,
It seems difficult to make new friends when we get older (and older).
I searched for good movies online and eventually I found
As I saw the first scene, I felt very peaceful and
Japanese culture and he was always given a cup of coffee for free
I went to an Uniqlo store and bought some cute t-shirts.
I haven't been to Uniqlo stores before.
Uniqlo is really famous in japan.
I think he was chinese and he was buying lots of clothes.
I was born in Riyadh, but I am originally from Yemen
My relatives want me to go to Ukraine for the whole summer!
This year, I'm teaching 200 students. They are not really good at speaking English.
just be patient.
I met my relatives and gave them some souvenirs.
It's the first time that I write a diary on the internet.
If I knew of this site earlier, I could write English very well..
My major subject is English, but in fact, I have a little hatred towards English, for
In modern times, English is as common as a piece of bread; You can find it everywhere.
A highway is free, and that is quite amazing.
rarely: She rarely finishes her homework on time.
Sorry) Again)
But I have been studying it every day for a month.
I `m a junior at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies.
This is a japanese kind of custom.
Heaven is over....
The loan officer approaches the blonde and says, ``We are very happy that this transaction has worked out, but while you are away, I performed a background check. And I'm a little puzzled.
The blonde replies, ``Where else in New York city can I park my car for two weeks for 15 bucks?``.
Please correct my diary. <(__)>
The scanning and skimming reading comprehension had too much information for me to finish the questions in fifteen minutes 'time.
Last Monday, I got in a new office that is a clum (?) school as a Math and Science teacher.
I have to be in school until 8: 20 a. m.
After having dinner, there is a self-study period until 10: 00 pm..
I came to hate my country, my language, songs, and Russian films and books...
Every night I imagine little houses on the cleanstreets of a small town in America...
I also set off big fireworks
I think it is one of my favorite festival regardless of my increasing
My partner for this trip, Nao, had a strong desire to visit there.
Especially, the whale shark feeding in a standing posture was interesting.
I just passed through it soulessly...
I am stupid..
Because I have a important exam at the end of the month...
I should prepare for (?) my sophomore year..
It troubles me actually..
Since It is not convenient for me to pay by cash every day, I bought a 5000-yen bus card.
``Your card doesn't have enough charge.``
As I was stood in front of the charge machine beside the bus driver, so many people were were waiting for me getting off the bus.
He was probably in his mid fourties, and was a kind driver.
Of course I repayed the 50 yen the next day!
I am scolded by the instructor every time.
However, there are disadvantages. The biggest one would be environmental pollution. Social problems might be caused as well.
If one factory were built near my community, then it would bring more investments.
In return, improving our economy.
Nevertheless, there would certainly be negative effects as well.
The most serious one must be environmental pollution, particularly in regards to polluting the water and making noise.
Equally troubling for me is my debt...
I had a job interview last Friday, but I couldn't/ didn't do well.
I may not even receive any notice of an informal outcome.
How do you feel if you get a call like that suddenly?
Thinking about it, I feel sick, deep loneliness when it is a full moon or new moon.
Start of English learning from Today
I quit English learning because working is very hard.
Actually this is an excuse....
But I should think about that.
As soon as I can do that, I will tell everyone around me.
Because Japanese people emphasize groupism and tend to avoid conflict personally with other passengers about their bad behavior.
Many students were in Nara park.
It's a moving skateboard and it's cool and fun.
Please correct my sentences
Today it is essential to have recommendations because the human resources are too busy to receive a lot of candidates.
Today I went to Hong-dae to meet my best friends
So I went there to see each other.
But I want to write an interesting and funny dairy in English.
You don't think this applyies to Korea?
No, it's not Gourmet.
Gourmet is..
Gourment is, for example, maybe having sundried tomatoes
I just got through with my work.
Today is a burning hot day.
I like summer bacause it has many advantages, for example Swimming in the sea, doing BBQ party near a neighboring steam, playing baseball on the field.
1. He is tired of forgetting important documents for the meetings.
Most salons encourage customers to buy a package of ten sessions upfront by offering discounts and special perks for your prepaid loyalty.
However, if they pay for some money to get manicure or pedicure regularly, it could be a waste of money.
And the town is very small and quiet, far away from the city.
The English poet Wordsworth said that ``The child is father of the man when he raises the son up innocently`` 1900 has lived on the sea since he was born, cut off from the outside world which is full of lies. He was innocent forever and had no flaws until the moment of his death.
When the grown-up 1900 sat in front of the piano, using his slender hands; which are smooth like the keys, the ship bouncing on the sea waves, the piano's pulling and melodious tones, entranced by the music that he played for the poor people, my heart followed the tones up and down and the happiness on everyone's face.
Someone said that 1900 is happiness. He lives with his favourite music, people surrounding him are all friendly and kind, he needn't care about numerous complicated things and disturbances. Is this true? Everytime the boat draws into the shore, he looks at the island in a lonely way. He called strangers secretly with a nervous and expectant voice, ``hello, you don't know me, but, can we have a chat?``. Especially when that tramp told 1900 his experience. He wanted to experience standing on the island and listen to the sea. What would that be like? I'm not 1900, but I can definitely identify with his loneliness and longing-he was very keen to be on the island that he had never experienced.
This is a picture of my dog.
In this country, the price of cigarettes is 5times higher than that of in my country.
Furthermore, every single pack of cigarette contains advertisements which give us warning with horrible pictures about the harms of smoking (Such as cancers).
I think I'm severely addicted to smoking.
Thanks for reading my entry.
Japanese usually begin to learn English when they are primary school students or junior high school students.
I want to improve electric vehicles and save the earth.
About 2 years ago, I went to Australia to study abroad for a month.
I will send a letter to my host family today.
-Coincidentally their horses got tired in the middle of the way, at the same place that the moon was washing her hair
But, I'm sad, because she is one of my close friends.
At the begining I thought I could put a picture representing France (= picture of France?) Well, then I thought about that stupid stereotype: French people are chauvinistic.
That's also exciting.
I will sell Japanese cakes and potato.
When I listen to the songs, I feel happy.
She would say to me: ``You always remember your birthday, but you never remember your father's or my birthday. It make me very sad!`` I'll said to my mother: ``sorry, mum, I'll never forget your birthday``.
I received an English lecture from my Filipino tutor last Sunday.
She taught me that there are only 2 seasons in the Philippines. (dry and rainy seasons)
Goooooooaaaal!!! goal
Japan beat Denmark and booked a spot in a second round of the FIFA world cup this morning.
with their mobiles.
I remember when I was in college, my tutor said ``there is a gap existing between a customer's expectation and perception.`` As far as the hospitality industry, it's easy to understand the meaning.
3 stations later, I just stood up and said to her, ``please sit down.`` Guess what happened??
The truth is, do I have to tell her I was uncomfortable at that time?
Cars were congested around these buildings more than I had expected.
French verbs are changing so dynamically.
This is what it's fascinating with French.
My dog died recently so I was supposed to cry easily if I watched a sad movie.
As usual, I did my favorite exercise (and the one which is the most difficult for me).
I don't think this is quite the place for you.
After I solved my thirsty problem I wanted to write something. But I have no idea what I should write about......... because recently I didn't do any thing that made sense.
it killed more than fifty thousands people. and destroyed so many buildings.
I'm going to go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow.
If I eat slowly, will I lose weight?
But, authorities say the Tokyo area would be all right if the Fukushima plant were in a worst-case scenario.
The running menu was 30km with a pace of 4min per kilometer.
If you know, please tell me.
HONORIFICS AND ``THANK YOU``
and tried to use ``Keigo`` or ``Honorifics``, in Japanese.
It is very interesting to correct sentences that are written by foreign people in Korean.
In the future, I also want to learn Chinese and Japanese.
I always says that I have enough time tor that, and I learn in the night.
So now I have to write again.
because a lot of Japanese companies are deep in red for the fiscal year of 2008.
My co-worker whose name is Agnes went on a business trip.
My first diary.
I think that I might not have enough time to see you, but if I have, I'm looking forword to seeing you.
I am still confused about the realationship with my BF
I doubted anyone could do the same as him, but after the seminar I could belived.
My sistert got married
We will meet up and have a meal together,
After the home celebration, I will go to the pc room and play the game sc2
and then I have to down load some files form the broken computer.
Hm, maybe it's not so easy to down load files from the computer.
I was busy, I had a cold and I exhausted so I didn't over work today.
Recently I haven't been watching TV.
is we go into retail stores talk to people about Microsoft technologies.
You spoke up about what you wanted to see the next version of Windows
Windows 7 is designed be faster, more reliable, and more compatible, with more devices and applications, than ever before.
so they're really convenient to get to.
And with the new preview pane, it's easier than ever to see all the windows that you have open at the same time.
which allows you to interact with the computer using only your fingers.
now it is easier than ever to share those documents, pictures, videos, music, even printers, with anyone in the family, from anywhere in the house.
With Windows 7, and supported devices, you can get even better experience with Device Stage.
We hope you are as excited about the next version of Windows as we are
The Reasons Why...
But it was really difficult-there was snow, a blizzard and I was very tired and weak!
:-) Thank you for reading and correcting my sentences...
When I reached the railway station, I chose the wrong exit.
I changed the date of my ticket at the front of the railway station and came back.
My parents write more because they send it to their friends, colleagues and relatives.
Yesterday, I had a chat with a friend on Skype in English.
Before departing from Tokyo I worried about my kids's health conditions.
I'm currently being extremely lazy, more than ever in my life.
even though im still keeping in touch with them, some of them seem to have forgotten about me already; that I even existed in their life or not.
If so, I wouldn't chase after them, as I got to used to forgetting my friends intentionally due to the problem of distance.
The seasonings are soy sauce, mirin, sake and sugar.
Put the all ingredient in the pot, and boil it for about 15 minuts.
Put it in a plastic bag with flour, then mix it.
Next make the sauce.
Its ingredients are soy sauce, rice wine and rubbed garlic.
Put the fried wing tip into the sauce.
I had a chat with Erica this morning.
I asked her about the present perfect tense.
She said that, in France, the weather is bad (?) but that she and her friend were really happy at the
When they came to Thailand, we traveled together and had
Thai food together.
Good night.
They intended to make their local Bon-dance into major dance like Awa-dance, and held a dance festival in Omotesando, Tokyo, which is famous as a site of Goth-Loli fashion and of youngsters who appear dressed as manga characters.
There are his favorite phrases.
He likes to speak these phrases once every two hours.
My aunt and uncle are coming over tomorrow morning for New Years 'greeting.
and poor people will still be poor....
No one wants to waste their income.
Happy new year, Every one
It is a small class with only 4 people.
There were small candles on every table.
But we chose a main dish ourselves.
Learning another language
However we should use formal phrases in particular situations.
Definitety the word meaning is right, but actually it is not acceptable according to the time and circumstance.
My university, university Keio, is one of the most difficult to enter out of all the private schools in Japan, so there is many people who are able to speak English as fluenty as native speakers are.
It is regretful that I have not had such experiences, as I have studying English for so many years.
It is typical of Japanese students that they cannot speak nor write.
Aside from above story, I am excited whenever I jump out of the cage and enter the new world.
I need to do some shopping or resting.
As the reviews on the website said, the service was terrible, but the taste was good.
I didn't know about this nice site.
I only stayed for a few hours but it was so nice to see them again and chat.
It featured TWO DOOR CINEMA CLUB, PASSION PIT, TAHITI80 and SMASHING PUMPKINS
Of course, I `ve learned English at school and at the University-but without any visible success =) Once I started to read`` Harry Potter ``and, you know, I was totally irritated by the work of the Russian translators-they perverted all the names in the book!
And I just don't want to feel shame for my knowledge when I talk with foreigners or sending postcards on Postcrossing...
I received my new sleeping pill, because I'm insomnia.
So nice to meet you, my friend!
``Katuo bushi (a piece of (fried or breaded?) bonito)`` and mayonnaise if
I'm not sure whether this rumor is true or false because
But in fact, I really don't like the dreadful coding.
Words and vocabulary
Are you trying to let get your parents to start jogging?
I watched a documentary program on TV.
Learning and promoting language ability has no ending.
Many Japanese students don't have their own religion.
However, I was absorbed in the fantasy world and it did 'nt feel like a long movie.
My friends who watched Avatar said this too.
There is a Chinese (maybe it's Buddhism) temple near my house.
It occasionally has events held in it.
What ceremony is it?
They should spare a thought for their neighbours before offering prayer for the dead, shouldn't they?
I think it's worth to go to Guam just for the color of the sea.
When we smile, happiness comes to us.
He told me his father just passed away due to a heart attack.
But it's quite shocking because his father was quite healthy.
In fact, I don't know whether or not he is my boyfriend.
I've been thinking that I really want to go everywhere in the world.
Because, when I watch movies about Victoria in Canada, I'm always stunned by the pictures of huge forests and high cliffs and the views from the top of the famous mountain.
One tourist wants to watch Japanese Cosplayers on Harajuku street, another wants to be a Ninja.
I do not know what should I say, and as you can see, I am not good at English.
I like watching movies and TV shows. It's the reason I want to learn English.
My husband and I visited his parent's house yesterday.
During our talk I got shocked.
In December 2009, I've quited the job.
Especially, I like to smell the cold dust near nightfall.
borrowing costumes
I often feel lonely and bored though there still a lot of things I should do.
Naritasan is a famous temple in Japan.
There was TV program on about pyramidz.
I found TV programs about pyramids on the last day of last year too.
I wonder why there are so many about pyramids on new year's days in Japan.
But, as I watched them, I gradually became interested in pyramids!
Some day, I wanna (want to) go to Egypt and enter a pyramid!
Once more sad Middle Autumn!
Anyway, children will be sad if they will not be able to go out to join a lantern parade.
I know some people who really don't like Polish bands and singers because they say that Polish music isn't as good as music from the USA or other countries.
So, I know how much it costs and its concentration.
I walk 20 minutes to go to school.
Several years ago, a famous mathematician named Arnold refused to enter the Pope's academy because the people there did not justify (?) Giordano Bruno.
I am going to go to Iwate tonight to see my grandmother.
So I must ride shinkansen although a Shinkansen ticket is twice as expensive as a bus '...
I have to memorize many chords and practice for a long time.
The size is smaller than guitar and the guitar has 6 strings,
playing it is easier than guitar.
Right now, I am practicing ``Somewhere Over the Rainbow``.
However, I have to install the applications I installed on the last version AGAIN, because the initialization was necessary for me to upgrade Proyo version.
I'm taking a correspondence course in pedagogy,
I'm so sorry to break my promise. I promised that I'll keep a diary to improve my writing skills. But every day I think to myself that I'm too busy to keep it.
Tomorrow do it, ok? Then I didn't do it when tomorrow comes. Yes, I know I shouldn't delay what I should do tomorrow. But I can't obey it, It's strange. I really want to improve my english. And I know the way to improve English in my mind. But I don't follow it. So sometimes I hate myself. Why don't you do it? Why do you delay it to tomorrow? Why?
You can't do things like Aya. you promise you will do like the way Aya does. but you break it. it's so terrible. But I don't know why I can't. Every day I want to be better. I study hard to catch up with my classmates, I think that they are really great. I must study hard to overtake them. and I do it im my own way. Every day I study English until about 12 o 'clock.
I review my subject. I do lessons carefully. I hope I can catch up with them through my hard work. I know it can't be called ``hard``, in another's mind, it's a ordinary life, can't be called ``hard``. As for me, I think so, but if I stay up too late, I'll feel too lethargic to have lessons. It's my weakness as well as laziness.
Second, the government should take
Japanese twin sisters are roll playing MAIKO with a university student.
I am attracted by MAIKO.
Try to search ``NHK-DANDAN`` in the internet!!
Her daughter is going to start kindergarten this April.
somebody wrote that this website almost has Japanese as the mother tongue language and
I think I could not get to sleep. because I feel so excited.
It's expensive but useful for me.
SUBWAY-sandwich
I always order Subway's daily recommendation.
Yesterday, I ate a BLT sandwich.
One reason that I like to eat sandwiches is I can eat vegetables.
Recommendation of today is ``Avocado Veggie``.
I thought I could study hard in my dormitory, however I was overconfident.
com is still undergoing maintenance.
I decided to unionize with the others to show our attitude that we won't accept it!
Today I talked with my best friend, and she said that her mother is sick.
I'm impressed by his belief and I hope the Prime Minister of Japan has
I want to visit Bhutan one day.
In China, parents always treat boys better than girls. Also, I'm smarter than her, so I gain more attention from our relatives.
I cried out: how could you say that? you mean I just help you because I want something from you? okay, you tell me, what should I ask from you? I wish you can get me a girlfriend? or, or wish you can marry me?
My sister totally drives me crazy...
My parents and I just confused about what's happening to her, and what can we do for her.
She feels lonely and homeless.
These days/ Recently, I'm redading a book called ``Small Steps`` written by Louis Sachar in English.
To some extent, experience can be said as a custom or behaviour that was formed in past days, and can give you ability to know what to do when the case is different from what exists in textbook.
Recently, I feel constantly irritated.
When I see people who are very ill-mannered in the street, I cannot help but get angry.
I feel very relieved when I communicate with you on Lang 8.
I enjoy holidays ~
I'm relaxing on the holidays from 8/ 13.
Today I'm going to clean my room, laundry, washing the dishes and so on.
So, I'll do these things on my holiday first.
My cousin is sick and I think I am going to be sick too.
I am a university student.
So I go to baseball stadiums at least once a year.
Later he is going to show this picture to his friend and say you are his girlfriend.
Finally I agreed to do it.
So at this period, I don't have enough time to administrate my blog.
Country Living
At the time, I couldn't understand English well; I just enjoyed looking at the colorful pages without reading the articles in English.
She did not study hard and ended up as a maid too.
I'm sorry for the person who replied to my writing.
After I saw your writing, and tried to see it again,
If you see my writing again, feel free to mail me.
but usually I don't have to write in English.
I don't think that I can say, ``I lived in England,`` as the first sentence of a speech.
After that, I moved to the living room and called police but, at the same time, he comes in to my house.
The police was asking me for my address, as he keeps coming closer and closer to me.
I put the telephone receiver on a table because I thought the police could get my address with their technology.
He comes into the living room.
I attacked him again and again until he couldn't stand up.
Hello! Everyone:)
I want to study English little by little so that I can go study abroad to in the future.
The Ueno zoo was famous for having giant pandas for a long time.
Especially Indian movies.
because I wasn't sure about a few of the questions, I guessed.
My out-patients couldn't reach the hospital due to stormy weather.
It's so beautiful and. wonderful.
Fact: I attended a training session for running.
It said that scientists have found a new species of spider which is able to spin webs about 25 meters long!
I don't think I'll ever go to Madagascar for a holiday...
There're common sense that It's difficult to memorize vocabulary and there're too many thing to memorize.
I don't known what happened to her.
She often grasped/ rubbed her ears.
It troubled me.
It would be very effective if your working atmosphere is like a English speaking country.
Name your dog or cat, Jack, David, Alice or Catherine.
His teacher is an American who stayed in Japan more than 6 years and is learning Japanese. He likes Sumo and he belongs to a Sumo club where he must speak Japanese, because all the members are Japanese, he said.
Some Japanese are excellent teachers who can teach you good English and their grammar knowledge is marvelous.
Hi, everyone:)
But the article I read was criticizing this movie because it is historically wrong and Pocahontas is too sexy:(And that this wrong image will affect the thoughts of children too much.
In the article, this kind of thing is written: ``this story is like Anne Frank falling in love with a Nazi officer.`` It means that this kind of love can never happen between a new settler from England and a Native American.
I want to study languages by chatting with people on my computer and I searched for a website like that.
'Maria' wanted an option of replying to comments to be implemented, with which I strongly agreed, and she encouraged us to use 'native nod' function more to confirm the other natives 'correction would be right or fair.
Maybe all we want is to make this wonderful language-learning site 'sustainable' in terms of funding or in terms of level of correction of any languages.
When I went out to the exit from the circle road crossing route19 and route1 in long beach, my car bumped a car which passed my car on the left side.
what is why, I might go to phuket.
Because I think that they sang more earnestly about people's feelings than in contemporary songs.
It was too difficult.
I think that Italia has many home-loving people.
I realized there was an increase of foreigners from various countries.
I really love a multi-cultural and chaotic environment!
the main avenue is srrounded by many anime signboards, which are huge and crazy (as many reasons..).
and illegal merchants were selling illigal software or electric goods to pedestrians.
Because, We have to do practice and more.
I want to obtain a driving license soon.
Mexico is just as beautiful as Canada.
My town is as big as Calgary.
Mexico is not nearly as big as Canada.
I don't like the bus because the bus is very crowded.
If I can't find a seat, I have to stand for forty minutes.
The grammar in these two languages is pretty similar, though.
If there are any affixed decorations (for example, bamboo leaves), you should hide the small bone with it.
However, I only have a few information about Mexico.
If you have been there before (even if you have never been there, but you are familiar with Mexico), please let me know which places I should go to.
and foreigners. haha
My dream is to go and live in another country and marry a foreigner.
Finally I am writing a letter to you that I hope you will like.
Grandfather, I love you..
But I left my work for parental leave.
The concert theme is the Final Fantasy game series.
Today I saw an article that if express tolls become free, many pepole will use cars, and as a result the threat greenhouse gas emissions will increase.
I don't think it's smart to waste the commuting time.
But, I'll be learning English on Lang-8.
It's a very exciting spot for Ghibli fans.
Today was was very eventful!
this is my first time writing something in here.
I am restarting this blog.
The main purpose of this trip was to attend a wedding ceremony.
Because sometimes Japanese wedding ceremonies are really long and boring.
On the way, I am really scared if I can't explain why I didn't notice the valid period of the pass which depends whether I can keep on staying in Singapore and study.
Bu luckily at last, after 5 hours of waiting I spoke to the counter staff.
I am a software engineer.
Somehow a lot of sofware engineers like animation compared to people with other occupations.
I explained my patent to them.
I noticed that the American culture is very different from that of Japanese.
I'm very very surprised, and I have to study the culture of other countries more and more, especially Australia's.
It was tasty, though I forgot the name of it.
but I like everyone so much.
I went to Germany for business last weekend.
I ate salami, it is very good.
I am looking forward to drinking it!
Strangely, I think that Koreans bear a resemblance to Israelis because they share the same passion and temperament.
How mysterious and marvelous things God will do!
I called why the notice is not announced, and they said that it was delayed to next week.
There are a few visitors and huge, about a meter of snow.
I got into a bike
It was pleasant to ride on my bike.
I rode on a bike as a child so I still ride on a bike even after I become an adult.
I have got to be careful so I'll never break the speed limit.
Today the wind is really strong.
My colleague, who come to our clinic by bicycle, said that it was really tough to pump the pedals because of the oncomming wind, and that it took twice as long for him to arrive here than normal. He saw some people fall off on the road.
This is sometimes dangerous because in the day when the wind is strong, we have more patients who break their bones.
The purpose of doing that is to enhance my English skill.
I want to get other people to understand my English. Unfortunately, I cannot step in because everybody else changes a certain topic too quickly with smooth English.
Jizo holds a staff in his right hand and a wish-fulfilling jewelry box in his left hand.
Thank you for understanding my situation and please don't be offended if I cannot provide you with my Skype ID.
The photo studio brought me these negatives..
btw today I worked at the cram school and it was my last class.
Anyway after I made a lesson as usual, I started to give the students some advice like 'just be honest about what you want to do when the time comes to think about college'; 'please don't lose your potential'; 'do not be afraid to take on a challenge and make a goal to motivate you'; and 'please study what you are interested in and enjoy developing your knowledge'. Because many japanese students including me study just for college.
Although they still don't know what they wanna be or what they can do, they have to decide what their major will be beforehand. But I think that's ridiculous.
After I entered college, I found out many things that I should have noticed when I was in high school.
The reason for my studying English
In fact, we are very worried about it, because if we fail in this exam, our parents will feel very disappointed, and we will feel very ashamed in our classes.
It's going to be a very spontaneous trip!
So, I have to learn something new to do during long holidays.
My sister was good at the Flash MX Proessional. And she gave me the
So, I feel nervous.
I ate a croquette of crab cream curry.
I love croquette of crab cream ^ ^
Rhythm games are similiar to learning languages because both of them require so much time, persistence, and unceasing effort.
This passage is mainly about the U.
And I believe that without challenge there can be no self-respect.
Everyone would like to have it, and at the same time is afraid of losing it.
That was a wonderful sunny day!
Luckily, I was able to get many previous problems from my friend, and I solved about 300 problems before taking the test.
For instance, I was asked to find the mistake in this sentence: You shouldn't turn down an opportunity when you get one.
Tomorrow is the first work day this year.
I hope my work in this year is successful.
I've just started my job-training.
Today, I went to Cross Iron Mills!
A clutch bag is a trend among young people.
Gary is old.
They are wrong.
I've been planing it recently.
All the Chinese food even vegetables were too.
I tried to eat the food but It made my stomach upset.
It was three times greasier than the Chinese food in Korea.
Last year, the new flu (from pig) came here, too. (the swine flu)
But it is bad to touch our eyes and noses, so it will protect from the virus on hands.
She and I were so excited and freaking out!!
Story of two mice. Mee& Moo the mice 02
Actually, I have no idea how to get an ice cream.
Although private schools are still in the experimental stage and are much more expensive in comparison to public schools, there is no lack of application for the enrollment.
and the actor Eric Mobius.
After that, one of my friends wanted to play a shooting game.
I thought Facebook is a tool of communication for people all over the world.
She just stood outside the door until her mother came home.
Have you ever eaten Japanese fast food?
If you come to Japan, I encourage you to try eating Japanese fast food.
The Yoshinoya is very famous in japan.
Happy birthday to my friend!!
7/ 5 was my friend's birthday, so our friends celebrated his birthday last weekend.
Today summer vacation ends.
I was so happy during this holiday, I traveled outside the city.
I missd my friends very much, so I am ardent to see them tomorrow.
I am going to study grammar next class.
I don't like grammar.
Now, I'm staying in Fiji because I became student.
By the way, lately my English school's residence was attacked by
It was so dangerous.
But abroad study company still hasn't talked about it to us.
So, every student thinks this company cannot be trusted and it will be bankrupt in the near future.
So I am going to search hard for another job from now on.
I want to know about recommended shops, the climate, places that I should visit and so on.
A week ago, I held a conference call with my manager and knew that the clients of new project are australians, so English skill is really important to communicate with clients for new project.
I cooked eggplant-laced pan-fried noodles, boiled radish, and anatto omelet.
So I hope that you can help me with my English ~
It felt like my tongue was burning,
During third period, we have to practice chorus.
I wish to win the crown in the chorus competition next month.
I'm not strong in english grammar, but I'm still studying...
Please help me!!
I've taken a bath everyday, but my feeling and scenery was different from everyday.
It is a pretty day in Bangkok.
I am going to have breakfast.
It was a pretty dream. If I saw her in Bangkok I wonder what my first words would be.
I don't know but maybe I would hug her first.
Despite this, I found it's quite difficult to speak English well.
I planned to be awake in a few hours after my nap.
According to the e-mail, I made it to the final!
The final presentation will be held this Friday.
The temperature in Beijing is over 30 degrees.
Now the landlord of our office is going to break the contract and kick us out because he wants to use the place by himself.
I'm really willing to learn French and English, but at that time I was starting to forget my French because in the other Canadian cities I didn't have to speak or write it for about 8 months.
It was AMAZING for me, because I was always dreaming about the moment I could speak both languages very fluently.
Could you tell me What the drama `s title is?
I had been exhausted from all the stuff that I had to handle, so I thought I needed a break and this was the right time to take a break, even if I end up doing well and getting good grades this semester.
The temple's quiet and calm environment and my meditation may help me think more clearly.
Had quite an interesting discussion about routes and reason of fic-writing.
I just found this site and I am a newbie here!
one of the important reasons why I study english is that I'd like to communicate with other nice people from all over the world.
Although it is strange to talk to myself when I am alone, I enjoy practising English this way.
I was so surprised that I have been asked to take a break from my current job on Thursday since my poor performance at my job due to my body condition is not good.
I will seize this period of time as a vacation to recover my energy and ability.
Today, the typhoon prevented me from going to school.
I can do housework. Then my mother will be happy.
can't go to school until Friday.
Be careful, everybody!
I haven't gone to the sea and gone swimming yet so I really want to go!
Korean's big holidays
Korean's big holidays are coming up soon.
What am I going to do for the coming holidays?
After these holidays are over, it seems really gloomy because there are almost no holidays in 2009.
These days I keep losing money from the stock market, which always makes me feel like I got up on the wrong side of bed.
My friends said to me 'odaijini' and I was a little happy.
I read jump and magazines every week
B: Well, I understand what you are saying but I want to keep this cordial relationship with you guys.
Anyway, you have a captivating look.
English is not easy...
I am studying English.
I went to an amature rakugo meeting yesterday for the first time.
I like the chicken pies ^ ^
Sometimes I feel frustration about my computer skills.
I truly believe that.
I want to become a customer service agent in an airport.
It was very interesting and inspiring for me because they seemed to enjoy their conversation and I could feel their energy, even though some of the sentences could use correcting.
Actually he can now speak Japanese more fluently than before.
Now I'm following my ancestors to be living where they had lived, therefore I'm going to the past.
(I know for me is the right answer but I just want to memorize without understanding)
I went to Greymouth with my flatmate.
Yesterday I went to the NBA game, Toronto Raptors vs Chicago Bulls.
My cellphone accidentally rang warning me of to charge my phone's battery, that is also when I got a new idea.
``if you could, next time can we have tea in starbucks?``
Im going to finish writing my graduation thesis soon.
Today, I'm going to go out for a drink with my friend.
I try all the time to find an answer for the reason, I mean the most important reason we are here, on earth.
I asked myself, did I do what I should onearth, sending the good messages for my environment by studying, then working and trying to help people....?
At the end, I felt even if I did and I am still doing this, I will never be satisfied with myself.
If I help people materially or mentally with what God gave and? still gives me (like money, health, knowledge...) I will never be at the top to thank God.
no, I try to get happiness and not just pleasure.
I went to the hospital and the doctor checked my temperature.
Today, I will start diary in English.
I took the introduction to theater class this semester.
As you can see, this is an introductory course for theater, but it is still challenging.
And next week, we will perform monologues in front of our classmates.
Details of the monologue assignment is that we have find books of monologues, and pick one to recite.
The exact performance day is next Wednesday and Friday.
After I read it, she will explain details on how to perform the monologue in the class tomorrow, so I listened carefully tp improve mine.
I think I could do a good rehearsal before the performance.
I like croqutte because it doesn't cost much (around 10-20 yen each) and croqutte with brown (Worcestershire) sauce is the best with a lot of beer.
I `m going to go to Australia in september
I am still worried about it
We write a diary in English, read an English newspaper, read original booksin English, and study vocabulary together.
Thank you for your kindness and hospitality.
I had not spoken English for a longtime, it was difficult to speak fluently.
I think learning another language is like sports.
According to him, to keep your ability of playing basketall, you need practice everyday.
I don't work at the moment but I am going to look for a job, which I hopefully
To be honest, I don't have any interest in soccer at all,
Well, I thought as soon as possible meaned just a few days.
Rachmaninoff's ``The Bells of Moscow`` is difficult music for the figure skating, and maybe for the judges, I think.
I love this weather because it is like spring!
I hope to gain new knowledge!
I found it just now while I was using another site to learn English.
What a splendid site!
The only things I know about him are that he is married and had a baby recently.
So I bought two sets of coffee cups-Pink and Blue for him and his wife:)
When I got home, I checked the word with my dictionary.
By the way, the reason why I mentioned about movie theaters above is because I will write an essay about the construction of movie theaters.
First of all, I agree that constructing movie theaters is necessary.
I will upload the cat's pics someday.
I want to be a member of lang-8, so allow me to introduce myself, I'm Hill from Mainland China.
I have writen a love letter (But I'm not sure) for the principal when I was a kindergardener.
I've had no chance to play with kids recently, so
because I have exams until next Wednesday.
That is because foreign people can't come this univ if they do not have much money and considering the living standard of Chinese people, ordinarily could not come.
However, many Japanese people, including myself, have several complicated feelings concerning Chinese people, because the Chinese response to Japan is unacceptable to the Japanese mind. Of course this does not apply to all Japanese people; but it is a pity that some of them it does actually apply to some of them.
Therefore I will end my comment.
Addiitonally, I have to cut and cut (all the ingredients) to eat.
Therefore, I want to let univ.
If I take part in such an activity, I can contribute largely to students and their parents concerning their meals.
My room is very hot right now!
I thought that my accident was awful, but I appreciated my friend's kindness.
Playing guitar is interesting, although it's a bit hard, I think I can have fun from it.
Surprisingly, my guitar teacher is younger than me, and he said that there is a seven-year-old child playing guitar well on Youtube.
He said if you practice hard, you will also play guitar well.
What is the most important characteristic to being a good teacher?
The university is the most famous shool in Shanghai.
There, I made friends with one Shanghainese girl.
First of all I'm going to lose 5kg of my weight without damaging my health.
I will neither skip a meal to become thin, nor do sports exaggeratedly.
The same happened when I skipped meals.
Yesterday, itturned out he had been sending it to ``big' r 'obe.
Travel to singapore.
They get to choose their last meal.
She said, ``Many citizens thouht some judements were unfair.
How do you want to be executed?
I am going to pet shop because I want to get her some clothes
last week, I was there as a substitute.
I may get tired in the middle of the game.
then, I felt I need to improve my English more and more.
I have (basically) been starving myself for an upcoming examination...
When I study for a long time (especially subjects which I'm not interested in), I become a bit crazy...
If people look at me, they will (quickly) look away...
We talked about the examination like I thought we would... while having dinner...... though we all really wanted to change the subject..
It is written in English!
So, in my opinion, the economy gives us a kind of grammar to recognize the environment around us in a new light.
After all, meeting strangers means facing the unknown.
And it's human nature to feel a bit uncomfortable about the unknown.
Most of our fears about dealing with new people come from doubts about ourselves.
because it is difficult to put on.
It makes me crazy, because I will feel very tired when I am busy with my work, I want to take a break, but my colleagues ask me to do something important.
But I can't, nor can I talk about this with my friends, they will think I am crazy.
But what I am doing now has nothing to do with English, and it is in contrast with my aims.
I don't know how to hang on here, but it also very difficult for me to change another job, because the high cost of living in Shanghai.
I am a little afraid of this kind of thing, because I don't want to ask my parents for money, because it is hard for them.
Please correct my writing from now on and engage in conversation with me.
Also, what kind of materials should I study that will allow me to speak out or verbalize more complex vocabulary?
But, because I have never been to other countries, I am a little worried (Past tense)
One important reason is that my birthday is on the 9th October.
I went to practice ballroom dancing for the first time in two months.
The Teacher's explanation was always precise, and it was easy to understand.
Long time no see everyone!!
Though we promised to meet at Kichijoji station on September 29, he could not get on the right station.
In Japan we call America, Canada, France and England the four main countries.
Thisfamous story depicts well how large Inokashira park is.
However the girl didn't stop standing on the boat and finally, she was scolded by the supervisor lol.
The master replied ``none.``
Unfortunately, they had no money so we went to a cheap one.
But they were hopefully satisfied with my translation.
I did stretch my body fully before the class and it helped me follow the moves easily.
nuance, implication and connotation, etc.
In addition, I'm curious about 'would have p.
How different is it...
Korean English teachers taught me incorrect grammar in my school.
I believe you honest.
How different is the nuance of these sentences?
If you are interested in Korea, Korean language, culture or singers, I will help you,
Would it require an additional fee?
I presented yesterday, but the presentation did not go well.
I can't recognize what the questioner was saying.
I was shocked!!!!!!!!!!!!
I talked so much on Saturday because I joined my friends 'bridal party.
I would like to know if I have written it/ this correctly.
Hi!!! Now, I'm studying ``Media History of Japan`` at my college.
My other language
In Spain, Spanish is the official language but there is also Galician, Basque and Catalan. These three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country. I have the chance to speak all 3 of them. (?) As for Catalan, it is a romantic language derived from Latin and is spoken in Catalonia. (Levante is in the area of Valencia, the Balearic Islands, Andorra is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France, and some in an Italian city called Alghero, is the 75 most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak.)???
I cut my hair for the first time since I came to Australia
My favorite hair style is short hair!!!
so my schedule is very flexible.
I would be grateful if you let me know when would be
I'm a member of Track and field club.
Fortunately, I could avoid that and I've been working as an teacher in a high school.
Is really hard write here everyday when you have a endless routine.
And I thought the only thing that made us feel a little unhappy is that the serving fee is 10% of the price, even higher that the GST (the Tax), which they didn't mention outside the restaurant.
Super Robot Wars L
This is the latest in this series.
Today, I registered on the web site, and then added friends.
The main material inside the cabin is leather and aluminum.
I came to take an interest in it because when I'm reading Japanese journals that male native English speakers wrote, I occasionally come across feminine speech and I've had a feeling of uncertainty about feminine speech in English.
Today, I'm in a bad condition.
I bought a bottle of water first thing when I arrived.
I felt good working because my friendly Colleagues were just seated next to me.
Shewent to China and studied there for 4 years.
The researcher, however, argues that it is no problem because it is not clear that carbon dioxide causes global warming.
The restaurant is one of the most delicious creperies in Paris.
At last, T (t) he Summer Vacation is coming up tomor (r) ow.
My Pregnant Friend
She is pregnant now.
Touhoku has a lot of beautiful nature but the number of historical tourist attractions is less than other areas because it used to be the barbarian area in this country.
Right now everybody greets me like this.
LOL In addition, I've considered my plans to improve my listening ability: listening to some CDs for TOEIC or Western music carefully and confirming those lyrics (As far as the latter goes, I think it's kinda meaningless though LOL) Actually, I came to know my big weakpoint in English.
Is reading novels or magazines best?
I cannot get to sleep until 1 o 'clock in the morning.
Watching two episodes of FRIENDS before sleep is my habit now.
So after all, it is 1 o 'clock in the morning.
She invited me to a restaurant and we talked for a long time.
After graduating from university, the rest is beautiful when we remembered the past between classmates.
This was my first time making a cheese cake ~
Therefore, I could enjoy driving while admiring the beautiful view of nature.
We could go out to eat delicious Japanese kaiseki, which is a set of Japanese food, because my grand father was pleased that we visited his house, so he celebrated our visit and the new year by treating us to kaiseki.
I'd like to get well soon, because I'm going to go to Australia on Sunday.
I probably understand Past Perfect Continuous which I mentioned in the latest diary:D Thank you everyone:D
I don't think I could live in the room where someone was killed or committed suicide and nowadays appears on full moon nights:)
There were Mexican vampires, El Muerte, Retablo, Santa Muerte, Mexican holidays...
It's convenient to use, but when I turn on the heater, (the air in) my room is becomes dry.
I think it's the beginning of a cold> <!
So I'm hanging out a lot of wet towels in my room for my throat, because I don't have a humidifier.
I entered into a Japan masters swimming competition.
Ten years ago, I was in my second year of university.
I didn't have a exact address.
I remember when an English teacher who came from American said that Korean emotions are affected a lot by the weather.
I was really surprised because my feeling is often changed by weather, too.
I'm a beginner in english
The house was incredibly beautiful.
Halloween is popular with young people.
So when I feel ache on my back, I look at my addomen immediately.
Oh, a little part of the world.
Good sleep is very important for our health, especially for girl's skin.
If I mention Japanese Manga subculture, and how it is gradually spreading worldwide nowadays, I can give a basic outline for Manga fans.
Like for kindergarten boys, kindergarten girls, young teen boys, teenage girls, men who golf, for gamblers, for mahjang fans etc.
All manga is able to be clearly devided into two family trees. One belonging to men `s culture and the other women` s culture.
Today is like yesterday and I think tomorrow will be like today as well.
I'm sick of the same routine.
My husband told me about Buddhism meditation, and recommended me to wish well on myself, on people who are close to me, on all living things, on others whom you dislike, and on others who dislike you.
do not hesitate to ask:)
At beginning, I thought we would barbecue by ourselves.
I appreciated their hard-work so that we could have such
yummy food.
I decided to study English more/ harder.
If I wrote this sentence, I would probably mistakenly use ``which`` or ``that``.
So many suggestions and advices were buzzing around my ears to tell me which way should be taken and which should be isolated.
I don't know why the first letters cannot be auto-capitalized.
Welcome to correct my takes mistakes.
One of my favorite characters in Greek myths is Hermes, the Romans call him Mercurius.
My little finger got in my nose.
I saw it in the kitchen after that.
Maybe somebody will help me?
Stomach Flu
But having found this site I decided to start a diary here instead.
Now I am quite exhausted, but it's okay because I would have been depressed (for nothing) if I had nothing to do today.
The day is National Maritime Day.
Recently, I love looking at the National Geographic site.
After few years I decided to brush up my English.
I attempt to listen to English podcasts, and the radio every day (Maybe you know some good radio stations with are lot of stories or interviews?) What's more, I bought a computer program.
In Japanese, however, it's totally the opposite.
I really enjoyed it!
I want to be able to speak English fluently.
Lately I like to watch ``The OC`` series drama on DVD.
However, after coming to the US, I feel this is not true.
I'm translating some part of aninfographics book and can't say in russian ``mapped image`` or ``mapped picture``.
I have an example sentence:
I felt his love for her.
I visited sports shop to buy a belt bag for running, which can hold a pet bottle.
However, recently I've been reading some books ^ ^
I don't know the system of lang 8.
Yesterday my wife and I went to see Avatar, the 3D version.
We didn't plan to see it in the first place, but after viewing so many recommendations and the high ratings people gave it online, we decided to give it a try.
Hope to see your letter or message...
Are the governments grasping the severity of it?
It is still hot in Japan despite it being September.
Almost half of my time at school, I struggle with Internet Explorer, not MS Word.
Today, the funeral for two Marines killed in Yonpyong-do was held.
I cried during the funeral.
Like bungee jumping and free fall.
Japan's Earthquake
I remember thant I forgot to take a bath this morning.
I like herbs.
Many kinds of herbs are in my house.
Especially, he likes Thyme, Lemongrass and Chicory.
I sometimes use my herbs for cooking.
He sometaimes watches Japanese movies.
It's a holiday today.
Particuraly when we crack jokes each other, we transcend the generation gap.
I understand a lot but my speaking is awful (?
When I was a high school student, I was always concerned about the school uniform's somehow ugly style.
When I touch my uniform, I remember my teacher, my school life and all my efforts in that lovely high school.
I started to study English on Lang-8.
I watch animation every day.
Some parts of the animation I have watched few times.
I hope the animation can come out again.
I understand myself, I lack some grammar and vocabulary.
However it's may be difficult for me to make my dream come true, because I have a four month old baby...
Maybe it was a dream...
If he kept shooting in a normal way, he may never have caught a sheep.
There, he walked cheerfully.
Our country affected by huge natural disaster.
The aftershock continues now level 3or4.
I don't like science.
I want to meet her again and talk about things that had happened lately
I can introduce myself here and we can make good friends.
Before I watched the class, I didn't know how a nursery was different from a kindergarten.
I want to talk in English with foreigners but I don't have an opportunity like that.
So, I can't speak English with a foreigner.
There are many foreign guest in Roppongi, I think.
Actually, I thought the beach was huge when I took a trip to Miami...
Well, I enjoyed that time!
What a boring news!!
This is my first diary.
It is very cold, though today's weather is fine.
From Fumi in Nara, struggling with my final thesis ^ 0 ^
He went there with almost no English skills and he also didn't have money except for the school fees for the university.
The lessons are one-on-one, and the teacher is a very intelligent person, not to mention an excellent player.
My collaborator from Chine puts a lot of pressure on me.
Please let me know the racism that your country has.
Speaking of ``sakuramochi``, Japanese traditional sweets, there are 2 different types:
I feel lonely, but, next month, we will enjoy beautiful wisterias in Nara.
hi, are you still awake?
I need your help to improve my vocabulary. So if you have any good suggestions on how I can improve my English, please let me know.
In the morning, there were lots of grey clouds. They put me in a bad mood.
We stayed under one umbrella and talked, laughed, and did different, funny things.
I luve live in Taiwan. Currently I am searching for a new job while learning English and Japanese.
My interests are reading and listening to music; I like to read novels and comic books, and enjoying listening to vocaloid songs.
It's not my first time writing an entry in Lang-8, as I've written in Japanese before.
I love jogging, I used to have this habit, but sundenly I stopped.
It's fun, especialy to me, because I don't like to exercise myself in the gym.
It's too crowded, I don't like the music, and I alway have a excuse not to go.
I'm working really hard because I'm going to travel on June 28th, this summer, and there my aunt works with models, this bothers me a little.
I'm trying to use words that I usually never use.
SAD PS: My guitar was broken last week quite badly. I'm still waiting for the luthier to fix it, but it seems that he is taking his time.
Recently in Japan, animation dance is becoming more and more popular among young people because of a dance team. Their name is Hamutsun Serve.
Furthermore, even when someone has a good command of a certain foreign language, if he or she has no absolute idea about the culture of the other person who is speaking, it will affect their conversation.
I went to the Abercrombie& Fitch to buy clothes.
Then, I researched this song's infomation.
It is just a tweet in the early hours of the morning...
I found this web-site in Nikki's daily newspaper.
I know, freedom is really good thing.
I have to read a lot of documentation, comment's from programme code.
It's really amazing
Sometimes, I want to try to apply to be admissioned by some American school, but I know, I won't accept it if I don't study hard!
This year one won't be able to see the fireworks show. The municipality (Edogawa ward) has decided to refrain from holding the event because they feel it would be insensitive to (the) victims of the 3/ 11 disaster (the huge earthquake and tsunami that hit northeastern Japan).
For several weeks after the disaster, some people accused ones who were enjoying joyful occasions by saying ``That's unscrupulous behavior`` or ``You should refrain from such activities.``
These sentences are correct?
The luckiest man in the world, Steven Bradbury, took the gold medal in the Salt Lake City Olympics on 2002/ 2/ 16.
I'm so exhausted because I worked out for 2 hours.
Even though I don't have any energy left now, I feel much better.
I asked a shop girl if she can try to find the Leggings in other UNIQLO shops around Tokyo Ikebukuro area. She phoned many shops, but the result was the same.
I highly recommend you all to use a bluetooth keyboard.
Did anyone watch the news about the earthquake in New Zealand?
Yesterday, Christchurch had a big earthquake. At lunch time, our teacher told us Christchurch had a earthquake which is level 6. 5. When I came back home, I watched TV, I heard that about 65 people died. Now, that's amazing, I hope that people who live in Christchurch can be better.
In conclusion, these are the reasons why I think the Internet, mobile phones, and the development of the medical technology are the main inventions and innovations in the twentieth century.
There is no judgement, no contradiction and negative talk and we sometimes can teach each other something we know.
I don't have a lot of friends but I do have a few close friends. I know they have their own lives however they are helping me improve.
I want to write English very well. I want to speak it very well too.
My mother is a nurse whose job is to care for handicapped people. Her hospital has a school, car, and bus for them.
But, in the country I am living in now, many handicap people use the public bus, which have a lift for wheel chairs (it's cool!!!) and some blind people go to college!!!
They can work without hiding thier identity, and the class-mates talk to them as a one of their friends.
Most of my friends will choose corporate life.
Studying overseas would also take almost all of the money I have, and I would need to sell my apartment which my parents bought for me.
It is so hard to make this decision.
I hope everything is fine with my friends.
If nobody wants to correct my notes.
It took me about 10 years before I learned English.
As a Japanese, I also worry about TOYOTA's problem and situation.
I'm looking forward in preparing the school's festival.
such as German, French, Korean and so on.
He has gotten a girlfriend recently.
I felt so lonely.
I volunteered at the university last Saturday.
the parents of first year students come to the campus.
the campus tour was so popular, we increased tours.
It took more time than re-installation.
damn.
``You will be here in 5 minutes' time ``.
Does ``in 5 minutes' time ``mean within 5 minutes?
on an early morning
he chased me and then he finally stopped after a few moments.
Because we can operate it by putting our fingers on the screen.
I still can't believe it...
But today, I found on the internet that the U.
K youth mobility scheme was already full by 19-Jan-10!
I feel also this century's moving very fast.
So I definitely recommend that everyone comes to Seattle to study English!!
For that reason, multiculturism is a big advantage of the tourism industry and this can contribute to the development of the whole society in general.
I have had some frustration in my office.
Hello everyone, my name is nakasan.
I want to speak English.
Yesterday, I went to Tokyo Art museum.
The museum features [Studio Ghibli] now.
[Studio Ghibli] is a Japanese animation company.
I heard Napoleon Bonaparte was a short sleeper.
I'm embarrassed//
The day after tomorrow, I'm going to move out from the current place to new place!
I can't believe this many things are here.
Because I'm taller than average for Japan and my shoe size is bigger.
Have you ever heard about the Winner winner chicken dinner? It is an old American motto with long history. OK, let me tell you something about it.
It is said that in the 19 century in America, Las Vegas had already become a fairly famous place where rich and wealthy people spend their money.
At that time, there were few casinos there but each of them provided good service for customers to enjoy their time there.
At first the customers mostly consist of the rich and famous people, but as time goes by, the economy got better, so it brought more typical people without fame or a high place in society to Vegas to try their luck.
At that time, almost every casino brought out a new service in which the customers were able to buy a kind of dinner with chicken and some meat in it.
That was such a cheap choice for most players, so it gradually become an American motto: Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!
Now I am looking for a new opportunity, especially in a foreign company.
Please check this text for me, urgently
We have Chinese people who can speak Itailian, English, and German..
Recently my opportunities for sleep have become short because my work schedule is too full and
Actually, I got married and have been here for a year.
I usually use broken english when I talk with American or other people, but it's enough to be able to communicate.
Life in a foreign country is hard.
Lost (my favorite) is about the survivors of an airplane accident that crashes on the beach of a mysterious tropical island.
The survivors try to escape from the island where amazing things can happen; for example: people are healed from illness, there are polar bear attacks and a smoke monster that kills people.
I hope you'll help me brush up my English.
White day is a very happy day for someone who has a boyfriend or girlfriend.
And they give presents, such as candy or red-roses.
Aside from the chimps, riding them seems to be fun,
First of all, most of our cities are very dense and our roads are very, very narrow.
Secondly, Japanese people are very health-conscious, so they tend to walk places, or ride their bikes.
I saw on the news on TV last night that the government and some of people in Thailand don't understand each other. The people who call themselves (red shirt) are protesting against the goverment because they don't like the Prime Minister. They want the Prime Minister to resign from the goverment.
We have had this problem for a long time, but last night something that we did not expect has happened
The government decided to stop the Red Shirts.
One of the people who died is a photographer from Japan.
I am looking forward to know what the government will doin the future to make the improve the situation.
and they can understand each other. I hope everything will be all right and that no one else will die in the future.
Thank you for helping me with my English long time to write my journal entry.
He didn't send any messages or emails during his absence, nor did he take the initiative to talk to me after coming back.
While having lunch with my junior colleague at a pub, I saw the selected design for the 2nd phase of the Yongjong passenger terminal on a newspaper, and I was almost stunned by their reckless design scheme choice.
There are very beautiful flowers in Japan during the spring.
I am still a student, and my major is International trade, Oh, I forgot, I'm a freshman. To make friends is to improve my spoken english level, so, hurry up, plesae help me, let's work hard!
Whatever your dream is-studying abroad, working in another culture, communicating with friends from other countries-it will come true with your little but continuous effort.
They fought bravely against Japan and died for independence.
So I bought a white watch for myself and a pink one for her because my estimate was 2000 ~ 3000 yen.
I went to a golf practice center and enjoyed golf.
I've found that lots of how-to books on developing I-phone applications have been released.
I don't know it is true or not.
He knows there.
I have got the entrance exam today!
Subjects are math, Japanese, English.
It's not difficult but I made mistakes, OMG
I have to study still!
The Japanese government decided to start an English education program at public elementary schools in Japan starting in 2011.
It creates a big mess for homeroom teachers.
The government is ordering teachers to teach English by themselves without any training in how to teach English to kids.
That is, the government throws things at each elementary school.
It's on a first-come-first-served basis but campers should come with an open mind.
+) I have one question... Where do you usually get your travel information?
I want to make a lot of friends through this Lang-8.
I'm going to practise my English conversation though skype.
I like it because I never had it before.
I used to have long black hair with my bangs parted.
Being a millionare, the presindent of the world, a super hero, a famous actor or traveling all over the world might be part of our dreams when we were kids.
Losing the passions we once had, now we pursue a common life, simple and stable.
I saw an eclipse this morning.
We Japanese tend to gather and drink when we feel sad, stressed or unhappy, the typical example of which is a ``complaining drinking session`` after work.
Normally, a couple of colleagues gather together and drink, complaining about their superiors after 5.
The same thing can be said at the end of the year, that is, most of us would want to forget sad and unhappy events of that year while drinking with a couple of friends or a couple of colleagues, etc, etc....
Goodness.
I prefer Q and A sessionsto report writing, because report writing is very difficult. I have to write the report in a specific style, for example, each sentence has to end with the same inflection.
For my presentation, I will talk about my research for six minutes, and afterwards there will be a Q and A session.
Yesterday I was not working at my second workplace, because the rules allow me to have one day for rest.
For now I will just have to study English harder in Japan. (^ ^)/\ (^ ^)
But my bank account still shows a double debit.
Although I have the chance to take the test but I do not have enough confidence and always consider that I won't pass the CET-4.
I just found this good place which may help me to improve my English capability.
It is freezing cold today.
Three of us, including the taxi driver, were so embarrassed that we said nothing for a while.
So, we just had the Gay (Pride?) Parade, which is one of the greatest parades in the world.
In particular, biology and chemistry.
My ielts has passed 5. 5 two years ago.
I'm fine with my classmates but some think studying in such a big group isn't good for us, as it can distract us from our studies.
And furthemore it puts things in perspective.
And you must to know a foreign language very well in order to be understood.
On the other hand, education in your own country, for example, in Russia is very interesting too.
Russian, Literature, Physics, Chemistry, Chemistry extra and History..............
Yesterday, I went to Shinjyuku to meet my friends.
I think my hearing skill has gone a little up!!
There are no more than 5 people who can pronounce my name.
I have a cat, it is a girl.
It's very good gadget for me.
I rented the second episode of HullHouse.
But I was suprised when I went through the tollbooth.
Ithink people who normaly don't use this tollbooth will use it from today.
I have to be careful driving tomorrow.
I've never been to such a place as the Rockies.
But I laid down without hanging them out!
Recently I haven't written diaries for a few weeks but
I can get feed and other necessary things for free.
This is a thank you to all you kind people for your patience in correcting them.
It is natural that Japanese go to shrines when we need a peaceful mind.
I feel SOOOO BAAAAAD; [
I never thought about writing a journal in English.
you will get a speeding ticket in Japan.
you should drive by a speed of up to 40 kilometers to 60 kilometers.
If you drive on the road with many houses on either side or by a school,
you need to follow that sign.
Can you correct my sentence?
I felt it was eerie and thought the national hysterics were something like fascism when I was watching TV.
There will be the exhibition at my daughter's kindergarten tomorrow.
She brought the program from kindergarten last week.
My daughter is in the youngest grade so she made ``daruma`` and ``christmas trees``.
So, how do you guys study for learning your second language?
my computer broke when I tried to start windows and install some software, if I had enough money, I would buy a laptop, a toshiba one.
During my turn, the examiner just couldn't find the form for the examine next to me, and he looked like he was very busy, so he was not so strict when I was driving, and that made me get 100 points on my driving exam!!
Sue: Pardon?
I will call the others and tell them to get ready in advance.
Santa Clouse came to the party/ visited our party and gave me a present.
My teacher say/ said that Santa Clouse is/ was majoring in engineering.
I hadn't a chance to say ``good bye to Santa Clouse, so my teacher will call him later.
Because Santa Clouse brings them gifts in that night.
Children are hopeful on the 24th night.
She has finally become accustomed to staying there just in the past couple of weeks.
At first I was worried about her mental condition in the changing surroundings.
Thank you for reading!
Paragraph 1:
Introduction: Travellers from other countries bring more advantages than problems.
Paragraph 2:
Paragraph 3:
Overseas tourists purchase souvenirs they cannot purchase in their own country.
It brings a lot of interest in the country.
Paragraph 4:
In conclusion:
Generally, it appears that there are more advantages than problems.
I've been studying it since I was six, but in recent years, I haven't been able to practice it.
We had an all inclusive stay, meaning that we could eat and drink anytime for free:) Egypt is a very interesting country...
Kiss for Egypt:) Bye. See you tomorrow.;)
The daughter thinks that roles should not be determined by gender but by personality.
Louse in ``Fat Girl`` is closer to the contemporary woman than to the American wife in ``Cat in the Rain``.
``Cat in the Rain`` focuses on nurturing.
Unbelievable!
So my town is conveniently located but it isn't too busy
Life will be different then.
I would like to improve since being fluent could help me in my future career.
Even though I study English, I really want to write in English.
I am going to enter university come Feb. 26.
If whatI am writing is wrong, please correct me.
Japan usually hires the students as new workers until Spring.
American, European, Chinese, and so on...
One day, he happened to meet a pretty girl and fall in love with her in their childhood though he doesn't look young, and after a long time they meet for the first time and they are so passionately in love.
He had already lost 2 babies because of famine, and now he had a new-born baby Pauro.
Pedro never forgot this promise, and he sent his son to school. Pauro wasn't a very good student, but he was a good football player, and when Pauro was 15, Pedro sent him to his Transport Workers club, where Pauro trained very hard.
When you open the card, you can see Santa Claus and a reindeer coming up to give Christmas presents.
For most of thedefinitions, thesefeatures are:
So the solution is reduced into a simple in theory: if you want to be successful (happy, lucky, rich etc.), simply think that you are.
Would you please teach me this word?
Girls in Thailand were very beautiful and kind.
But my girlfriend forbad me to dateother girls.
2008. 11. 18 Tuesday Sunny
My eyes were red and swollen, and I sneezed a lot and had a runny nose all the time.
By the way, I ate beef bowl at lunch.
, I added too many red peppers.
Have you ever imagined your future lover seriously?
Finally, I couldn't even show my smile in front of them, therefore I couldn't see their smile either.
I am extremely excited to hangout with them (who is them) as a friend or more than that even.
Moreover, I found the hottest girl one week ago by accident.
Im really ashamed of the behaivior I've had so far.
If you are also trying to learn Madarin, it is good way
When I am very moved by some scenes, I get gooss bumps and I can't stop my tears.
Recently, I'm so busy preparing my resume for applying for jobs in Singapore...
Now, I'm trying to learn in this way in order to distinguish casual English from business English.
The first day was so crowded we couldn't cross the street.
I enjoyed the weekend nights at home.
I think it's a great website because I can practice English here and I hope that I can help others to learn Chinese too.
Salt or Sugar?
And I mistakenly used salt instead of sugar. + Oh no! +
I do not have one though.
A lot of people are still missing or waiting to be rescued.
For many people, it's a very comfortable temperature.
By the way, I don't have a part-time job.
5 months of winter!
I only want warmth.
Because I have played badminton for five years.
So I can use the computer.
I return books.:)
Yesterday, I drank too much alcohol
Yesterday, I drank too much alcohol because of alumni
I called my mother, I thought if I could hear mother I feel good, but it's not ok.
I want to say, we have to be able to distinguish between correct and incorrect information.
My day started at 10 a. m. I just went to kitchen, made some food (it was an omelet made from three eggs and some sausages) and I ate all of it.
And in that dream was British comic Sasha Baron Cohen, Britney Spears and some other TV-stars.
My dreams are really strange.
I was the leader of the international club for two years, and I aslo studied abroad for a year.
Hi. Introducing myself.
My teacher gave me advice to look at this site to practice my grammar and writing.
Next time I'm going to do a translation of some parts of some books or something like that.
Don't laugh at me!
After class, I have two meetings with other teachers.
This is my first time
But my spoken and written English is so poor, that I am afraid open my mouth.
I don't have a foreign friend, and there is no foreigners around me.
What if I speak English to my friends? That's so weird.
Second, they may not know what I mean sometimes, because my English is not good enough for them to understand.
But, she showed me how to cook it very carefully, so it was very delicious!
Soak the fish, the onion and other vegetables in the sauce.
If you have a recommendation for flowers, please let me know.
I had met a Filipino girl who needs to learn Japanese.
Through teaching it, I could have noticed differences
I'm too enthusiastic to fulfill my work plans recently.
But some clouds was hiding it.
She took me all over the resort and showed me a lot of Disney history and taught me a lot of Disney knowledge.
I think she is the most beautiful person who is alive today.
Free as a cloud,
I learned a lot of things about shintoism.
Before going through the Torii, we bow toward the main shrine.
Priests always say the most important thing is to respect the gods.
Don't worry about making mistakes.
If you cleanse your hands perfectly,
Japanese people will be surprised.
I don't believe in the existence of gods,
Anyway, it was a novel (?) experience for me.
Next time, I wish that I could meet another beautiful actress by chance.
the story was about a mathematician who tried to prove Fermat's unapproved theory.
It turns out that it's made from glutinous rice and powderd tapioka.
It tastes terrific and the texture is like that of a rice cake.
After that we had lunch together, we had udon (Japanese noodle)
Accoding to the Bus guide, there were 2000 temples and shrines there.
We laughed together and played pes 2011.
It seems that there was not any disasters in my life today,
so I closed it and logged on to the internet to relax...
When you speak Japanese, you will find that your
I have not gotten used to Japanese pronunciation until now.
It's the one of my favorite sports.
But I couldn't do it. When I try to post it, I always receive an error. Why???
How does everyone get cute pictures???
The strong wind was blowing and the rain was pouring.
she gave the world a moral example that bridged (the)
divides of culture, class and religion.
I have to travel by plane on a business trip tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.
So I'm very concerned whether I can come back to the Kanto area on Thursday.
I'm really nervous because I was not taught on how to use the registeration machine.
However, my coworkers are very kind:)
it is so comfortable to be with them:D
she said one more thing that if you had made a call this morning you would get the whole fee
So I was little Lucky.
I am not really a hard-working or diligent student, I always join
in on some activities in school rest time, such as dancing (Jazz), when I dance, I feel happy.
so the Chicken's name is vons chicken.
Is it really good/ interesting?
My birthday is January 17th.
My family consists of 5 members.
My dream is to be a good business person.
Because my family are not so rich.
Some people say (that) the placement of her features (eyes, nose, eyebrows and mouth) is perfect.
The story of the play is based on the daily life of citizens of ``Edo`` (medieval Tokyo) or Osaka, usually funny and sometimes moving.
Please tell me if you have time!)
I thought that foreign gods are very strange and interesting.
I changed my job at the beginning of this month.
Its been almost a month.
where I work is comfortable and the environment is just what I wanted.
So I decided to start studying English again.
I'm studying English so hard in order to go abroad and study English this August.
So, I've been attending English conversation classes since a year ago.
She has wonderful stories about her life and her ministries in the church.
Now, I i intend to participate in an internship overseas next spring.
Also, some elderly people think, a cool body is bad for yourhealth.
When we think negatively about a lot of things, our mind can be filled with horror disbelief, anger, and other unproductive emotions.
Today, I discovered this site while I was surfing the web.
I think I should drive more frequently.
Today I had a soy latte, egg toast, salad and yogurt.
They had lots of stock, so they just wanted sell them...
``Do you have any plans to get married?``
My handle is Sukesan1984.
On the menu was ``Sukiyaki`` (Japanese style beef and vegetable pot)
So I really feel grateful for my friend!!
My command of English isn't very good.
Sometimes, millionaires give money to society, which is then used to make a better place to live (in).
Even though we use the barter mechanism for the market economy, it is not true that people don't have the eagerness/ desire to own things.
Recently, I don't take any medicine. In a case when the symptoms are serious or continue on for days, I will.
Prepare finely chopped green onion, and grated ginger.
I've heard before that people in Australia eat a lot of soup when they have a cold.
Because Dazaifu-Tenmangu is a beautiful shrine.
When we are angry, not only can't we solve the problem very well, but we also make the conflict grow (or worsen).
The earthquake and tsunami are devastating, and suffering continues in northern Japan.
I traveled to Punom Pehn, Cambodia last week.
bikers, taxi drivers, the staff of the guest house, a poor person said ``give me your money``, and more...
This white cat has yellow eyes and looks fat.
I enjoyed myself chatting all day long with my friends on Kakaotalk, which is a famous smart phone application, and also the most useful messenger in Korea called NateOn.
Children should be given guidance when watching TV due to foul language, and objectionable/ obscene scenes.
English is not good because I can't use English fluently.
tasks given to me are not int (re) eresting,. They are boring.
Lotte Mart stopped selling Tong Kun chicken because of pressure from public opinion.
Tong Kun chicken was released at the incredible price of 5000 won.
Actually, this is a natural process as the company becomes larger.
That's why there's conflict between the two interest groups.
The second issue is the conflict between the small scale sellers right to live and the consumers right to choose.
Some groups who represent the rights and interests of small scale sellers argued that Lotte Mart sold chickens unfairly in spite of the deficit.
Regardless of whether this sis true, it is natural for consumers to choose cheaper and higher quality products.
The third issue is the propriety of the comment by Mr Jung, a top politician in Cheongwadae.
But I can 't do anything now. I can only do one thing, which is practise my dance seriously and I hope I can get rid of my stiff dance step and not tear my trousers, so that my poor family will be proud of me.
I'm wondering what this sentance means.
``Bill said you were in charge of real estate.
They are outstanding, kind and always willing to assist in my homework and reports.
Actually I mean I'm happy because I can write here freely without worrying about people laughing at me.
I want to speak English more comfortably
Every beggining of classes, I get too much nervous.
They were so delicious!!
But still It showed increase in performance.
I used this cart so I should return it over there ``.
She answered ``It's their job``.
I'm looking forward to talking with new friends from all around the world.
Japanese TV broadcasting will be changed to digital after July 2011 and TV prices are lower these days.
I am very satisfied.
About Paper media graphic design
a French friend told me:
I search the correct recipe, the main crux is eggs temperature and setting oven time.
In time, he rose to the position of a head agent soon after his appointment to Haiti on a mission.
No one suspected the Colonel until he was caught when he was trying to sneak into a confidential room of the Pentagon which he had no access to enter.
Yesterday, I was very surprised at the earthquake.
At the beginning of the shaking, we thought it must have finished as usual, but it continued for a few minutes.
My friend bought a backpack and a pair of slippers.
Also, I feel glad that I'm Japanese because many people know about Japanese culture such as the cartoons, and they are interested in Japan!
I often talk about Japanese anime and cartoon to them.
So, I want them to know another aspect of Japan, and I also want to know the culture of the other countries!
I cannot sleep so I have to wake up........ take my money go to bank. it is hot today. I hate to walk in the street.. coz make me sweat.. but I wanna...... save save money... for my plan.. great plan....
I got kicked.. I am the admin but they deleted my ID..
2 years time gone to waste..... I worked for it everyday...
The number of participants was about 100.
So I (decided that) learn English every day, I (believe) that I will (get success) in (June).
hold on, I belive thati will pass english 4 examination f finally.
I'm studying English for an exam to enter a college.
The second exam will take place half a month later.
This is a written test.
Could you please help me with my writting?
I'm looking forward to collecting my journal.
I hoped to go to the hot spring in the south town. (My country has a lot of hot springs around) But It depends on weather from now on.
I should brace myself.
by the way, I wrote the difficult poetry phrase in the first paragraph, so It took a lot of time to write that part.
I received an e-mail from someone who saw my profile at that website.
And I accepted his invitation.
I have learned that I should never use the webcam with strangers.
And I deleted my profile instantly.
watashiwa nihongo benkyou
anatano ie nipasokan wa arimasu ka?
The purpose is studying English, especially speaking and listening.
They offer discounted prices on flights, accommodation, and car rentals.
6) and there are too many applications whose functionalities were extremely similiar,
Unwillingly, I wasted 2 days recovering the OS, removing some applications which were rarely used, cleaning and defragging the hard disks and registries, and so on.
It is about 18 meters high and 12 meters wide.
my overall high school score was not that good for my orignal university selection, and although I didn't have a very big passion, it can't be helped that I choose the Korean history section.
but as I say, I was intersted in Korean history.
my familly motto is that everything is influenced by the heart.
When driving my car, I plan the things I have to do today.
I don't think I have any....
after that, I wanted to keep the class going.
I think that my students was so suprised that a beautiful woman was belching..
what do you think makes a respected teacher?
study hard, and symphathize with students by reading their mind.
at last, advice to lovely Chirwon highschool students.
at this time, you don't have to be greedy, so they can find their own beauty, make impressing memories, and grow your self confident to challenge new things.
so I wish you become the most sparkliest star in the world.
``the new day, the owner of the most sparkliest star is just you.
That I was surprised and disappointed that many people said we don't have to help Japan because Japan pilaged us before.
(I know, these kind of people are only a few and they never stand for all of us Koreans and Korea.
It's not gossip, it's a terrible disaster that happened to human beings.
He lost his house and family, only thing he has now is a life.
Helloooooo everyone.
Wow, I am so happy.
I slept for 14 hours. Hehehehe.
I downloaded a movie that I am very excited to watch.
imagine spending two and half days downloading movies; two of them.
So I had to go to the site where I found the movies.____ O
Luckily, I found the movie on direct links.
It fit my toes and it was so comfortable.
I changed my shoes to Geta and went to my home.
Ito Yokado, one of the biggest super market chains in Japan
I tried to study Spanish after I came back to Japan, but There's no lecture in my university and I didn't have enough time and money to spend for it.
I bought one easy book for beginner, but that's all what I did.
, I decided to study it again recently!
I enjoy finding unique names and I imagine what kind of people they are.
It means pig in Japanese, so I couldn `t confirm to her that she was Ms.
After I went to a cafe, and went to a shopping mall.
I got that at half price;)
Of cource, most utilities and restaurants seperate non-smoking area from smoking area.
So, there are a lot of people smoking on the streets.
For example, very high tax is imposed on cigarettes, and smoking at public place is completely prohibited.
Last night, my friends celebrated my birthday.
So I guess we should live our lives as happily as we can and let our government take care of the rest, pretty little citizens as we are.
I went hiking in the mountains with my friends and my sister.
although nowadays it takes only 45 minutes by car through the highway.
I picked those from the internet because My photos at the shrine were not very good for showing how it was there.
Next time I'll show my own photos.
What a pity!
When entering into a boutique or facing a clerk over a cashier counter in a supermarket, Japanese customers do not say hello to the clerks.
(They wanted to know where the bag was available, but they were disappointed to hear that she bought it in Japan.)
I have heard she has many fans all over the world.
Jigsaw Puzzle of Mona Lisa
The man who drove the car was very rich, and he had been punished twice because of speeding.
We sweat, and felt healthy, fresh, and hungry.
We ate a hamburger around midnight.
Our jogging didn't make sense.
This book is the second volume of the series.
This book is also interesting, as much as the first one, but couldn't show the deep impression of the first one.
My name is Nasser and I am from Yemen. I work as a pharmacist and I need to study English because I am going to travel abroad to study for my Master's Degree.
At this time I work in Saudi Arabia, but really I cant stand it here. There are many many mistakes in Saudi Arabian living. They're terrible in dealing with foreigners.
etc.
Am I wrong? I want to clarify our relationship.
I could enhance my relationship with my friends by using mixi.
Are you good at mathematics??
I'm not BAD at mathematics.
I mean, I can get a so-so score on an exam.
For example, people who really understand mathematics can get visualize things in their brain quickly when they are working with a trigonometric function.
Anyway I think when I study math I need a mathematical way of thinking.
That is the fact that I need to take a mock exam tomorrow and I need to face that fact before thinking about why I'm not a mathematical person! xD hah
But whenever they speak with a pronounced accent, it's too difficult for me to understand them.
I have never gone abroad, so I want to travel around the world and see many places.
It was very cold this morning.
I often sit vacantly at my desk and do nothing on a summer afternoon.
Maybe I'll gain weight!!
Soon after the quake, we found ourselves unable to buy any food because of the immediate closure of establishments forced mainly by the interruption of utility service.
Yesterday was my first day back at school and I still feel tired. I am bored with my studies, as well as other things in my life.
I've worked part-time as a home tutor, read articles and watched anime (or kept quiet in bed).
Nowadays Japanese society is/ has become personalized.
It's really amazing!
So, Perth was selected for Best Place To Live.
precious memories
His university is very famous.
But I have no plans, I haven't decided where I will go.
Definitely, I have visited most of the sightseeing places like diamond
I received a new Spanish text from Japan, which is for beginners
I am just learning ``ser`` and ``yo`` with it.
I was so impressed by his acting and got interested in spanish and its countries culture so much.
Although I have been studing English, speaking english is difficult for me.
Actually I was there when they met each other for the first time:D
I couldn't beleive I laughed...
I think I have to study harder, because I can't speak English fluently.
Every summer I have to prepare for a formal teaching test.
When I was in the college, I always went to her class and did teaching-observation.
I love teaching and I think it's a most suitable job for me.
Haruki is my favorite author.
I recommend reading ``Kafka on the Shore``
By the way, I'm not sure about the difference between ``it`` and ``that``.
I hope that it will be very interesting and funny here.
or how did she already get many corrections even though she has only 2 friends on lang-8.
The second reason is our school uniform is a little expensive. (URL
I rarely cry when I watch a movie, but I cried.
I will stay in the administration department.
In the morning, my phone rang.
beat Manchester United football.
Of course, I will study!:D
He interviewed me for an admission interview 5 months ago.
The full moon has very strong and strange power.
Soymilk tastes similar to milk.
The meeting lasted 6 hours and attendants asked the board members about nuclear plants.
I am still poor at writing English.
But if I continue to write in an English diary every day since today and someone corrects my poor English, I will be able to make progress.
But it was boring and I thought it was nonsense, so I was out on my own way silently.
Normally the way to make noodles to is boil in a pot.
When you have bothered with everything.
However last Sunday, I left for Mt.
Fuji is full of/ covered with volcanic ashes.
The temperature at the summit was very low even though I wore a down jactet.
My friend said they went to University at night or during time off from work for the last 5 years ago.
I haven't tried to do anything for a long time, so hearing about it was really touched my heart, because I have also wanted go to University, but I couldn't decide how to get started.
My friend's talking made an impression on me.
I have struggled with it up until now because I have no confidence. As a business course would make it easier to find a job in New Zealand.
But-he left more messages to me.
Last night he left messages for me again.
I'm very nervous, but I can only study for next examination.
well today I haven't done anything special I have just visited the shopping centre Filion at Fili station.
There are many stained glass windows there.
I am a bit confused.
They looked as if they were walking or running near me, and I enjoyed the feeling that I was diving from the cliff.
But to my surprise, when I just beginning to talk that I felt so bad on Saturday, they gave me a ``Sorry`` immediately, I thought they would argue, but they did not..............
The day before yesterday, I went out with 2 of my friends ^ ^ We got together in Sendai, the city which got hit by a big earthquake.
It seemed like the reconstruction was going on pretty fast which made me feel happy.
We studied together there.
I want to say to every single user, ``Thank you for helping other people who want to learn foreign languages.``
However, when I got to the college, I heard that the story got brighter in season 4, so I decided to give it a shot and watch it again.
knows about many things like classical music, clothes, or shoes.
As far as I remember, people in Wenchuan, Sicuan province who experienced the earthquake received a lot of help from the whole country.
Hope we can go to Europe next time.
My Mother Is Strong
She's stronger than me.
My superiors were arguing about subjects I did not know so, I have to
so, it was confusing to communicate with a patient.
First, When I ask the condition of the patient,
Are these correct??
or what are other real English conversation, please
For example, reflux in veins, clot in arteries, venous insufficiency, and
from different countries.
It should be delivered in mid Apr.
However, sometimes we go on a picnic or walk in the city.
I would like to listen to classical music in a theater/ theatre.
Last year, I realised how beautiful classical music sounds when played/ performed by an orchestra.
Because of that, I now employ a guy from Australia as a waiter from yesterday.
He wants to learn Japanese and stay in Furano until the ski season closes.
And he can speak Japanese well.
Of course, he has to work as a waiter for the guests from Australia.
There are many differences between Japanese and English, especially the grammar,
I missed my English conversation club two weeks in a row.
However, as I said, since they had to observe the strict rules for whatever reason and they were almost not allowed to express their own ideas and opinions, sometimes some people felt very uncomfortable and tried to get out of the community to seek solace in another place.
Wow it's an awesome place!
Will I meet some good foreign friends?
My dream is not to just be a doctor, but a skilled, heartful one. And as a physician, I'd like to make many people feel at ease, and happy.
I wish that he could live as long as possible.
It seems like a boring and hard summer day.
I took the airport shuttle to Wikiki and then took a taxi to the place where I'm going to stay untill January.
It is in the Hawaikai area where my host family lives near the Koko crater which was an active volcano along time ago.
I am so glad to stay in such a lovely town for an upcoming 4months.
I learned about stress reduction and how to relieve anxiety.
I heard that she bought a lot of alcohol, especially Japanese-sake, when she went
Therefore I have to be positive and do my best every day.
Sometimes English pronunciation is hard for me.
I can't pronounce ``squirrel`` and ``POLO by Ralph Lauren`` perfectly.
One of the reasons was she was unaffordable and two, I did not understand about the job.
My ex-colleague was not receiving salary sometimes, when he worked in canada.
tongue or nipple.
I want to go there once a month!
I went to see my friend after I finished work. We went to the same restaurant. We were sitting in the suanlum night bazaar and listening to music. We had drunk fruit shakes and ate something.
She invited me to go night clubbing on saturday but I did not say yes. I promised to tell her tomorrow. I cannot dance very well and I think I will practice today. I like to play the guitar when I have free time but not now because at the moment I would like to practice English more than play the guitar.
I always think about it more seriously than others.
But I found a different kind of fashion from traditional fashion.
From next week I decided to go to community center's English club.
I really don't want to forget English.
I am worried about your condition.
But I was not aware of somebody ever approaching me.
Why did they chose me?
There are 4000 American phrases.
Hello, my friends.
I also hope that I can make many new friends here.
But here, I can say angthing I like, even thought it wil lwrong.
I should finish my English practices and understand the most elementary English knowledge, before the school year begins in September.
But I feel that it's important for improving my English to express my thoughts and describe my situation.
I like to watch American, Korean and Japanese T. V..
I am a colloge student.
I study psycology.
I know that psychology in foreign countries is very famous.
If you like me, you can leave messege to me.
I am very grateful to everyone who correct my diary.
I admit that, while studying, I have become bored.
I was also impressed by your many heartfelt words.
For the last few months my parents and teachers have been talking about nothing else but my exams in May.
There are relatively many English speakers in my company.
But because there are not many shopping areas, restaurants, or cafes, it is a little inconvenient.
Maybe the weather changed too fast.
I don't like this weather.
I went to Hwagyesa Temple to join Sunday Zen program with my English teacher, her friend, and my friend yesterday.
We practiced meditation while sitting for 25 ~ 30 minutes, walking for 5 ~ 10 minutes, and discussed Buddhism together.
Hwagyesa Temple is a special temple.
I wanted to participate this Hwagyesa temple's Zen program, but I hesitated.
You can customise your home on the ``Settings`` page.
I love my little daughter very much and she knows this.
It is only 40 years old, but there are very talented actors and actresses.
Dinner was also great! Particularly, the chocolate fountain, which was delicious!
I cleaned the aquarium and did away with books and CDs.
25 I happened to meet my friend who has been friends with me since we were students on my way home from London.
That things are imperfect is the reason that each day is new and gives the oppotunity to make things better.
I majored in English and just took an Italian class.
Most of them must have been/ were made in Japan, but all the labels were written in Chinese.
I normally don't use them, because I always rely on the dictionary.
But I dreaming of going to another country someday, to appreciate different cultures and do language exchanges.
I think the internet is wonderful tool.
I am trying to write my message and exchange with other learners.
I am studying English in an English training school.
My friend wanted to study English, too.
She finally enrolled in this English training school.
Everything was okay, and we could study English together.
The problem is, this training school gives me a ``transportation card``, which you can use to take buses or the undergound in return for my recommendation.
I am very disappointed in her. So, I gave the card to her.
I am really disappointed!
Please check my diary if you could, I have to study English thoroughly!
First writing
This is the first time to write a diary on Lang-8.
Yesterday one of my friends recommended me this service,
Some Japanese can obtain very high marks on it. How on earth did they score such high marks?
I wrote I am going to a concert on Saturday.
But I missed out on my favorite band's performance, cos I was late by an hour.
I had remembered the incorrect opening time.
It was raining.
I waited for the police for about half an hour.
It was already midnight. They asked me many things.
But I love tropical fruits!!! I cannot control myself when I face them.:)
I think it's good for us because we don't have a lot of money so we can't afford to visit foreign countries.
the first diary in English
I heard that people normally type their resume in America.
The first one
I happened to know this website, and registered as soon as possbile.
When I was taking a Japanese course last summer, my teacher told
me there are some websites where you can write articles and help to
But after that, I forgot it amongst the darily affairs.
I am weak in. writing.
My speaking and listening skills are exacty low...
But I know practicing is the best way to speak English very well.
I wish I won't think that I wish I had studied harder///
I'm going to school in September.
Maybe the reason I am so much slimmer than everyone else is because I am not a big fan of eating food.
Korea was very strong, but finally Japan could win.
we were really excited and happy.
Especially, I like that, I can see the each prefecture's special products and famous things.
I learned of Nebuta Matsuri from that, which is a famous and unique festival in Aomori prefecture.
At the same time, some people play and the other people dance by jumping.
If you are interested in Nebuta Matsuri, I suggest you to search about it on the internet.
As you you can see around us people are increasingly unhealthy. why?
He is a foreigner and has lived in my country for a_ long time, but he cannot speak the language very well, so we usually talk in English.
But it did not work well, and our relationship finally collapsed...
It is not easy to find foreign friends in my country.
Of course I am not a perfect person, and I have my faults, but I couldn't accept what he said...
So our relationship has collaped...
and if you have a similar experience, please tell me something about it.
I slept late last night but I have to do that because I intend to improve my strength.
Today I am going shopping with my sister and my cousin. My cousin wants to sleep at my house today. I am so happy. My baby sister is sleeping now. ^ ^
I will even know some laws of Ukranian `s Rights of buyers.
Embarrassing situations
It's annoying because it means I can't speak loudly.
Sometimes, a lot of people including my friends and associates come to my office to ask for counselling of their own problems.
But it's useful for me because watching foreign news is good for those studying English.
My [teacher?] taught me that you should watch it every day if you want to learn English well.
It is time to go to work! If you don't get up, you will be late. ``I responded,`` Mom, please give me five more minutes. ``
But now there is not much water,_ canned food or ramen.
naughty.
I ate rice already in the morning.
Now I think I will have energy again to do what I want to do today. ^ ^
I forget grammar so it's very difficult for me to answer them.
His favorite character is Bumblebee.
Today, I went to the library to study with my friend.
l heard some bad news from a doctor.
He said my first son needs to have an operation.
It is a national test for all the university students. The test is a little difficult, but this is not the point. I am so disappointed that my boyfriend didn't come to go with me together!
Maybe, he never love me. In some sense I think, he don't care for me like before. A month has passed, he said that we should go home together. looking this time, whathe said is empathy.
Some foreigners, who love Japanese culture, always said that they learned Japanese from animations and manga.
A: After joining a club in my college, I met many people.
Most shops don't close on Saturday and Sunday in Japan because all shop staff work for the service industry.
Because I had a lot of work to do, I work up early in the morning.
my family and I sometimes enjoy talking about disgusting things during dinner time.
A: One day my mum bought a yam for dinner, and we dicussed the turd-like shape of it (= m =)% ^&*& (&)% $... (talking in detail)
Their offense and defense are great.
Recently in Japan there have been a lot of disasters, for example the Tohoku-Pacific Ocean Earthquake.
Actually, I decided to be a waitress at one of your restaurants, because I thought the hospitality in all your restaurants was very high.
However, I realised a problem in my work place.
I found the problem 2 weeks ago then I sorted out the regular customer's data.
At that time, suddenly all the data was lost.
I want you change the protection software and check all computers in your company.
So I'm writing these sentences for the time being.
I don't have school today.
I didn't use to read a lot but I try to read more now
We've now become familiar with his songs and can imitate all of his songs!
If he had strong Christian beliefs, I thought he might not be able to accept (his) wearing it.
ipad is also a really special gadget.
I will pass through Brisbane, and if you have time to see me, I will change my schedule to stay 1 night in Brisbane before going to Melbourne.
Please give my regards to XXXX (her husband's name)
In my house, it feels as if it was a family menber, or it isn't too much to say that it sometimes has a bigger impact on us than a family member.
I mean I want to improve through conversations firsthand rather that unilaterally in front of screens no matter how inaccurate the information is compared to those of mass media.
During rush hour, one guy said, ``Sorry, I am in a hurry right now, so I will give you two stickers.`` When I collect 30 stickers, I can get a Doraemon fan.
The highest level of heaven... wow... amazing!
Bean is very funny and foolsh, Rowan Atkinson is usually a serious and calm gentleman.
The Mid-Autumn festival night
And I knew she stole a glance at me and me too.
I look forward to seeing you and chatting with you on twitter!!
My favorite display was a group of sardines.
November? December?
I'll talk about one characters in one of my favourite/ favorite films.
It is a very impressive film.
He doesn't give in to the contemporary society.
He won't do things which he thinks are meaningless.
Eventually, after his insisting on the things which he thinks are meaningful, he succeeds and gets a genuine career, genuine love, and friendship.
So it encourages me to pursue things which I think are meaningful, and which I think are right.
because last night I ate so much...
it's because I want to learn English
So, I want to practice writing about many different kinds of themes.
Today, I write about following theme: ``What person do you respect?``
Although I still don't want to go to bed,
I can adjust to cold weather but not to hot weather, because I can put on more clothes.
Unfortunately, I was using my laptop and I didn't have a mic.
I must work because there are lots of bills to pay.
Hi, I am susan. Today is Valentine's day and this diary entry will be my first on lang-8, I am so happy.
Yakiniku restaurants are very popular in Japan.
So we eat Kimchi, pickles, and Chijimi crepes with baked meat.
We can eat a lot of different kinds of beef and pork.
Some restaurants bake our meats for us.
Both have merit and demerit,
so it's nice to have a choice from the view point of your lifestyle.
The technique for cooking Kobe beef, is not to bake it for too long.
Be careful, and research the homepage of the restaurant first.
If you worry about how to research,
My Singaporean friend told me that Singapore has no ``White Christmas`` but we have ``Wet Christmas`` this year.
He is a professor of pharmacology and a friend of my last supervisor.
Nevertheless, he listened to my story earnestly and gave me many great suggestions and opportunities.
Third, he knows some pharmacy students who are interested in Japanese and he will introduce them to me.
On usual Mondays, my feelings are low because it's right after the weekend but only today, my mind was clear and I was excited even during work.
She said that ``I promise you that I'll do my best to study hard.``
However, I didn't think I made a wrong decision.
About earthquakes.
What do we as common people deal with these really sad situations?
The man who looked like a sincerefamily man actually turned out to someoneseriously addicted to porn and ``casually hooking up`` with women whom he had met at some on-line dating websites.
Of course friends, relatives and loved ones especially his wife and two children have been so shocked about what had happened to their husband/ dad...
Everyday I will write in English in my diary.
I decided I wanted to give a souvenir from Japan to my American friend.
He is a male and maybe 26 or 27 years old.
What would you like as a souvenir of Japan?
I'm worried about accessing the Twitter site.
Some patient don't understand that they can totally remove the scar but only make it lighten.
winter's holiday has started...
I was surprised about it snowing in October.
I went shopping with my friend.
Are you satisfied with your career?
Because, I'm just starting/ in the middle of my career now.
I have not imagined my career goals yet.
You know, it is one of the most famous universities in India.
The Story of Coffee
The night view from Victoria peak was wonderful.
I love this season because autumn brings us tasty foods and beautiful weather.
I got up a little late in the morning, but she got up earlier than me.
I saw a delicious breakfast on the table.
Now I feel this unpleasant atmosphere has gone.
First, in my case I wanna go to Tokyo because it is such a huge and dynamic city.
Which sentence do you use, ``Do you have a pen?`` or ``Have you got a pen?``?
I will write in my diary next week...
When I was a junior high school student, there was a Kendo tournament.
because I have to go to school!
In addition the steak is served with an ice tea as huge as a small bucket.
When I left part of the salad unfinished, I felt kind of apologetic to the restaurant.
Is this a kind of Southern hospitality?
There is a difference between South and North.
I often go to a restaurant near my office.
The way comedians make a lot of people laugh is different in each country, isn't it?
After that, the traffic jam started, so when I arrived at the office, it was already closed for the day.
Life is always full of frustration and disappointment. As you just surmount the present ones, new challenges are constantly arising.
As far as my recent condition is concerned, a serious obstacle (actually a really frustrating interview for a position in the student union) has now left me feeling disappionted, worried and annoyed. All applicants, some of them my classmates, were hired except me. When I found this out I could hardly believe that I was the loser. It really hurt me and affected me badly.
When a person can't reach his destination he may fantasize about success. I suddenly remembered this line from a magazine. So this state of mind made me revise my performance.. Maybe I was too childish. Maybe my ability to tackle personal relationships is lacking. Maybe I wasn't qualified for the position. Still, I never doubt my persistence and patience.. Everybody has his own advantages and disavantages. My rivals, no matter how immoral or even evil they are, were all accepted. Sometimes I feel it's unfair and think about the value of my existence. However, I also think that it's reasonable that I, such a silent, humble and inactive student, should not be given many academic affairs to handle.
We didn't even go out for months.
I talked with an American friend this morning.
I became a mentor in the Buddhist temple.
And my ancestor would exclude everything.
But he suddenly died from major illness before he was about to succeed to rule the whole country.
After his sudden death, our ancestor's commander became weaker and weaker.
I come from a small family in Taipei. I live with my parents, brother and 3 pet birds.
They are lovely, especially my 3 pet birds.
I like to take pictures everywhere.
I know English words and a little bit of grammar, so I can write English sentences like this.
At first I want to concentrate on improving my English ability.
about 30% of the exam, I am afraid I cannot pass it this time.
Today I will go see a movie in central Melbourne.
It is so difficult for me!
Child education is a very useful subject because I want be mother
I want met people about the same age as me.
I will continue writing my diary to improve my poor English.
I want to exchange letters with new friends who aren't Japanese.
It was quite useful for building up my vocabulary.
The owner is a huge fan of pro-wrestling and he does up the restaurant with various colourful masks.
I met some guys who always stay at home!
They said [we know you are good at English, so is it possible if you could connect with japanese people who are also good at english and ask them for some adult movies!!!]
THIS ESSAY NOT JUST FOR CORRECTION, IT 'S ALSO FOR [HELP]!!
In Osaka, it's quite warm today.
I turned off my computer because I'm afraid the computer would be damaged.
I'm nervous because the result of the University Entrance Examination will come out in two days.
When it comes to human relationships, inferring a counterpart's feelings or thoughts plays an important role in communicating well with others.
They can't help foster our imaginations, but inform us with a lot of facts about the world.
I gave cosmetics to my friend and sent an email to her.
I'm will be glad if the items will Arrive this week.
If I have the power, I'll write an essay.
the acupuncture university.
While I was studying English, I could see two pigeons walking by the window.
And then, damn it, I took a nap.
Today I went to a Mexican Restaurant, to try out other nation's foods.
Mexican Restaurant in the U.
I wasn't drunk but it feels good.
First, I needed to go to the box office to get a ticket.
I scurried to the next.
Suddenly it spilled out solid excrement from it's behind.
Oops! It's a pun, intended hokum.
I wondered why it was awake in spite of its 'being. nocturnal.
For a long time, maybe for seven years, I hadn't been to Osaka therefore, I really enjoyed it there/ this time.
University athletes compete in a 200 km marathon to decide which university is the best.
I really want to become good at English.
Secondly, I must listen to English CDs every day.
Thirdly, I must remember an English word.
Not only were the scenes amazing, but the actor was also handsome.
But I like it, exhausting myself doing the thing I like best
It is only Japan where you can eat raw internal organs from all over the world.
Almost all tourists who come to Japan eat ``sushi`` and ``tempra``.
But raw internal organs lead you to a special and unknown world.
That's not so surprising, is it?
I didn't understand all of it, but it's an interesting and fascinating novel.
However, the other day, some Japanese delivered my baggage for me.
This walk was a very rare chance to experience the beauty of American wildlife.
This village has 5 springs, 1 souvenir shop and 1 green tearoom.
When considering pronunciation, English and Japanese are so different!
In a pool, she is scared to put her face into the water, and at a park, she cannot spin on the iron bar, because she is scared of bending her body toward the ground.
But I want to be an a programmer so I want to know English for my future study and work!....
The tension between Pakistan and India has been strengthened by the terrorist attacks recently.
I work as a bellgirl at a hotel.
We have a wedding hall and a banquet hall, so we are so busy on holidays.
Seventeen wedding ceremonies were held today.
But, (ever) since I became interested in English, I have wanted an English name.
S please, recommend an English name to me!
About 35 thousand people participate.
Yesterday, a subcontractor visited my company.
Part of the Tokyo area started to have power failure.
He often makes a round trip between Tokyo and Nagoya city.
I think it'll be helpful and interesting for me to study English because I can practice writing and someone will check my grammar.
I'd like to say ``nice to meet you``
A wonderful event has been held in Okinawa.
Tomorrow I am going to watch ``Sex and the City-2`` with girls and will try to be merry, carefree and so on.
They were my first choice company, so I'm very disapointed..
At the time all stores closed from the 30th of Dec to the 3rd of next January, so we had to stock everything: drinks, food, videos, refreshments, snacks and so on.
Now, 24 hour convenience stores have spread out everywhere.
It is literally convenient but I am a little bit disappointed that such a thriling custom has gone...
Luckily, my children like my cooking.
we believe it is normal that we graduate from a Japanese university
The test consists of two section. The first section is easy and almost all examinees can pass, but the second section is hard and very few people can pass it.
If I speak English fluently, I will/ can go abroad.
I want to go to many foreign countries.
Then he found a bed and started taking off his clothes.
However; there is not yet consensus on whether rich countries should give financial aid to poor countries.
The first point with respect to this is that powerful countries could offer advanced techniques to the poorer countries.
Take China for example, when scientists developed new technique to plant crops; China could stop importing crops from other countries.
Last but not least, powerful countries should also offer medical facilities to poor countries.
In other words, disease also plays a critical part in economics.
Admittedly, it is not enough to provide financial aid to poor countries.
But my wife likes it very much.
I have certain (stereo) typical images about certain countries.
I went to a music instrument shop to check guitar-effector.
Tomorrow, I will go to BBQ shop with my friend.
Today my colleague talked about Western culture and Christmas presents.
At least one people is happy this Christmas, the giver or the receiver.
So they tend to decline the invitation to participate in the WBC.
I was almost on the deadline, so I needed the Exchange Coordinators to fax the documents (to be sure that they made it on time). I asked them to mail the documents to Japan.
The bizarre weather.
I watched something on TV about the bizarre weather all over the world.
I've heard many stories about the collapse of the earth.
I believe that she will get the gold medal and I can see her best smile that I `ve never seen.
Mind Problem...
I don't like English classes.
Please.. T ^ T correct some sentences.
feel relieved bisa diterjemahkan menjadi 'bersantai'?
On this special day, we visit out family, eat dumplings, and walk out to enjoy the beautiful lanterns.
I explored the area where Prague Castle, the river and the Old Town are located and enjoyed myself at various entertainment places.
It was about a teacher that was fired from his work because he did a little trick in the classroom.
I really laughed a lot when I heard the story for the first time, but now I feel sorry for the teacher.
And what a crazy principal!!
I was caught in a shower last night.
According to legend, 'Exposition of the Hieroglyphical Figures' was written by Nicolas Flamel.
I tried to eat sandwiches for the sake gaining a variety of nutrients.
In my family, when we get a cold, we drink roasted tea with a little salt.
I walk 15 minutes from the station to my office.
But I do many things during this long commute.
listening to English conversations using iPod.
So, It is very important for me to spend time in the train, valuable studying time.
Good-bye.
Now let me introduce our city to you.
We expect more and more foreign friends to invest in our city.
This is my first writing.
I would like to know how to learn English faster, can anyone tell me how to learn English faster?
She drinking beers and smoking cigarettes in a club.
I could not find it yesterday morning.
JIANGHEN told me that he took this book when he went home yesterday afternoon.
The school festival begins today and it continues until this weekend.
I saw this game last year, I heard many departments did that and they earned lots of money!!!
Chinese uses hieroglyph characters. English is phonogram letters. Each Chinese character is different from one another, but English words are all assembled by the same 26 letters; it's easy and efficiently, especially when inputting them into the computer.
Chinese words are assembled by characters. English words come from [creation =?], affixation or compounding.
Most of people said ``Avatar has a kitsch scenario, but is a movie with excellent spectacles``.
Surly, the scenario is kitsch.
So recently my ability to speak English is increasing....
I want to be an employee of that bank.
In recent weeks/ Lately, nearly everyday I self-study with my boyfriend.
I learned many students have read the book, but I'm not sure that they have the knowledge, but at least they're a step further than I.
With the passage of time, I feel a lot of pressure around me.
This week is really important and precious for me.
In recent years, environmental pollution has become more and more serious.
Many countries pay attention to the environment.
Because I wantto perfect my English and have good conversations with people without having tothinkfor one or two minutes to talk or answer one question. If you want to talk to me, let me know and I wiil stay in contact with you
I'm beginning to read this book in English.
I remembered, that I have a translator book on Russian.
I want to develop my English in order to be better than before.
I might not get used to this weather because some coworkers are wearing short sleeve shirts.
In addition, I'm using a blanket.
This is my second Home page on Lang-8.
It is named Fent.
But I am looking forward to meeting many people.
Now I have a lot of free time to spend, but I don't have anything to do. In this case, if you were me, what would you do?
I want to go to McDonalds to eat their new hamburger.
According to research, theaverageage of Japanese people when
I'm tired but I cant fall asleep again.
These days I'm so lazy.
``keep yourselves from Idols.``
I will probably have coffee in the future because it's easy to make and tastes better.
It has already come extermely hot temperature in Qatar.
I really want today to pass immediately.
When I was an elementary school student, My father bought a PC made by Fujitsu.
I want to know why unhealthy foods always taste good.
I went to a park called ``ge yuan``, which was built by a businessman who sold salt.
There are four different views in his garden,
In 1999, a horrible nuclear incident occurred in Ibaraki prefecture.
But one month after I moved back to Japan, I couldn't speak English any more.
He is always smoking and drinking coffee alone.
Then suddenly the man (who was repairing) opened the door and shouted like this, ``Water please!!!!!!!!!!``.
And when I entered my room, it smelled like the aroma of coffee beans.
I'm learning English and would like to improve it more so that I can travel all over the world and communicate with a lot of people.
It said about Rat-as big as a cat discovered in Papua New Guinea.
This title is ``National Security``.
It was very delicious!
Because of the high temperature, the snow was kind of melting.
In this shop, I could have coffee with rabbits.
I look forward to meeting with you on this wonderful and beautiful site, because it lets ushave Communication with others from other language speaking regions with peace.
I look forward to your visiting and participation.
Activity 2: sepetember 28th, 2010, Xinshi central park, Xinshi agnello and Shaoxing wine celebration feast
That's why I joined this Lang-8.
Japan will play in the finals with e South Korea at 10am tomorrow.
I mean, I guess many people break their cellphones because of their habits.
And when I was 8, my father went out for business.
Anyway I can make my friend very happy and that is my pleasure.
I'm looking forward to eating them! X)
I appreciate it.
I could catch his English, but I couldn't speak as good as I expected, and I didn't know how to make sentences, so I'll try to improve my speaking skill.
If I need to make an appointment with my friend, but I am not sure when he would be available.
I love her very much.
But, If I take a careful look at my life, things are changing at a leisurely pace that I barely recognize it.
We were really lucky because it was a fine day yesterday, though there has been a long spell of bad weather recently.
I'm thinking about beginning aSKYPE English conversation with a foreigner.
My friend gave me a bracelet.
My favorite taste is salty, but, today, I ate miso noodles.
It will hold to appeal that Tohoku is fine so pay visit each festival in August.
When I entered my university, I took theTOEIC TEST.
I wrote in a journal entryyesterday that I wished something special happened, and here it is!
Everyone can comment on my writing.
If students want to go to college, they have to go to school where they focus on studying.
Then I brought the bicycle to a shop to ask them to fix it today.
I will not give up to lift until last next time. (??)
Umm, it's kind of interesting.
And why are so many of them collecting unemployment benefits?
Japanese call that type of person ``a paper-driver``.
Although I was a little ashamed of my fruitless results, I had to pretend to be satisfied and present it confidently to all the professors invited to my defense.
The main reason I write 'this' is
Until today, the family's schedules were different from each other.
I did this subconsciously.
In the class, there was a women who is a foreign student and she spoke French so fluently and talked with the French teacher in French.
Starting today, I'll do my best to study not only English, but also French.:)
Subsistence cycle.
My introduction
He could have been successful as a doctor,
but he choose to become a computer engineer,
even though he couldn't be sure of being successful.
Now, he has become a professor at Seoul University.
I want to remain young at heart until I go to heaven.
You can make yourself
So I believe the best way of window shopping is bringing nothing
A newborn baby brings happiness.
A newborn baby always brings happiness.
Blue sky and blue sea, a very nice combination.
The Sunshine is a little bit warm.
When I compare it with the opportunity of a book, I can get more benefits from a book than a movie.
Today, I had an English lesson with Brian, who is my new English teacher, at 8: 30 at Starbacks coffee.
I am eager to speak more intellectually.
I would appreciate it if you corrected my diary.
When I was in China, I use to walk around the lake in front of my house every evening.
I want to understatnd movies without Japanese script and listen to English songs directly.
Of course, I want to be able to use English for business purposes.
which the temple is named.
Some people prefer entertaining TV shows, talk-shows, quizzes, such as ``The Ground of Wonder``, ``Let's talk``.
I'm not attracted to humble-looking people because I look so humble too.
It is not dyed, and looks healthy.
What made her look humble is definitely the combination of her damaged jeans and sneakers.
But it is very special for me because it's the last summer holiday in my university life.
In addition, I want to do meaningful work from which I cannot only earn more money but also get useful social experience.
Everyday I come across many customers including native people and foreigners from all over the world.
Though it exhausts me, it is a new challenge and a good opportunity for me to touch the competitive society.
I'm always worrying about that.
Before, I lived in the dormitory of my corporation alone.
I used to cook or buy something to eat in my dormitory alone.
But now I enjoy dinner time with my family!
I live in the Russia in the city Khanty-Mansiysk
I like Khanty. =)
It was very tasty, and I felt comfortable.
Could anybody explain the sentence below?
And I help my mother with house work.
It is important for me to study hard, but it is also important to help my mother.
I try to study hard and help my mother this month.
Please help me with any grammatical mistakes in my entry. If something doesn't sound native, please help me refine it!
It was not difficult to drive in the Driver's license test course.
Hope all of you have a fantastic day!!!!
Yesterday, my mother's friend and her husband came to my house.
There was an amazing accident in the championships...
Tomorrow, I will go back to Tokyo with her and her husband.
As a result, I felt terrible for a had a diarrhea in the afternoon.
After taking a barium, I've realized that taking the stomach camera (or spectroscopy) may be easier than (the) barium.
It took a lot of time and I didn't know whether my sentences were right or not.
This is the last day of Easter.
The more hot weather we have, the more I need a sweater.
But I feel like the temperature in the library is below the freezing point.
Summer weather in New York is similar to weather in Seoul, Korea,
but I think New York is a little bit nicer than Seoul.
After I heard the news it will be made a movie and will be released in Autumn.
He said some customers misplaced it after they read it and they didn't put it back in the right place.
So I couldn't help taking time to find it.
Although I was too late for the festival, I went to see my friends.
I belong to the Guitar and Mandolin Club.
there are many shops. (sports shops, clothes shops restaurant and so on.) it was very crowded because it was a holiday
I have to do an assignment about industrial dynamics in this morning.
because the Japanese economy was so good at that time.
I hope their business is going to get better.
Baseball and Yakyu
Of course, I always watched them in Japanese when I was a child
American life is cool for me though I can't bring specific examples
I feel strangely dull everyday so I want to finish
My older brother and older sister give me a present every year.
A few days ago, I used up my lotion.
I shopped online for about 1 hour, I bought a rotion.
The lotion arrived this morning so I used the lotion.
But I don't like the scent of the lotion.
I live by myself now but I try to prepare meals by myself as much as possble instead of buying food.
For my health, recently I try to eat back beans and agar and drink at least 2 litres of water a day.
People say that black beans are good for your blood circulation and helps your skin stay healthy and the agar has a lot of factors which help our circulation.
I enjoy cooking and increasing (more my repertoires.) =?
In addition, I'm refreshed by it because I would experience new things whenever I go to an unfamiliar place.
The sales person looked a little in a hurry and she rushed to answer our questions.
And what makes you absolutely Happy?
I ordered some hijabs, I mean special muslim's veils, not all clothes, only for the head from the internet, because here there is only one shop with muslim's thing, and there are almost only books.
--> On 26 May, my team needs to finish the final project, I must work hard to do that. I hope I can pass the exam because if I can't, I will have to study one more year.
Because it was the TV drama of the BBC, the actors and actresses were speaking in British English.
I gained weight!! (T T)
My weight....
However, I was surprised when I saw the awesome scenery.
At night, I cooked hashed beef and rice for dinner with my mother.
But he is also gathering information about jobs in another country.
Anyway, yesterday was Chiniese new year, so there were many Chinese festivals in the city. We can always see many Chinese people in the city, so it is like Sydney is part of China.
I had a sore throat today, so I took some strong herbal cough drops.
There, you will find everything from street vendors to high-end designer brands in huge department stores.
What I found is that the sound and the rhythm of
It takes about a hour to get there by car.
I Watched a Horror Movie
I accidentally tuned into a movie and started to watch it.
It was a horror movie.
That was the kind of moive I like so I continued to watch it to the end.
Three diedthroughout the movie.
It was a heavy movie.
Recently, I have wanted to get it more and more.
There are Maguro (Tuna), Botan-ebi (Shrimp), Hamachi (Young yellowtails), Shima-aji (Horse Mackerels), and Hotate (Scallop)!
'till then I'm going to visit a couple of Arts courses.
Today, I woke up at 8: 30 am and went to school for my practice play on our school festival.
Many people had their dog walk around the lake.
As you know, in most companies, there are more than one employee, and we can call all them co-workers except you.
It's difficult to speak to foreign people in English.
My friend asked me to translate it English from Japanese.
Could you correct it please?
Cross my fingers,
Last Sunday I was at PROPET (pet industry trade fair) for a dog grooming course
It was cheaper for me than other similar courses, because I had a professional invitation.
I want to say I have several problems with studying English.
How do I solve my english problem?
Because the entrance for foreigners was brightly opened, I just passed through the gate of the Ewha Womans University easily.
Actually, I've been in Vancouver for more than one year studying English.
She also likes natural foods such as sweet potato, pumpkin,
Although I spend much time on it, it seems as though it makes no sense.
I like this period from summer to autumn best of all the seasons, because I feel energetic during this time.
but I cannot learn Bengali.
and I want to eat delicious Indian food!!
I did not have time today
My original color is dark brown, now it is chestnut because I dyed it.
I am Bulgarian and live in the town G.
Oryahovitsa.
I am a student in Veliko Tarnovo city
I enjoyed Rock Climbing!
I think having a car is very important for college students because college students need to make friends.
When I was a college student, I went skiing twice a week with my friends.
I used to watch Twenty Four, and I watch Full House these days.
(I mean ``copy`` and ``copy that``)
Her mother married a man who is the brother of her former husband.
However, today, by purchasing a flight ticket in advance or carrying no eatra luggage, customers can get tickets at a incredibly low price.
Amittedly, without globalisation, economic, culture, literature and legislation would make little progress or evolution.
I have been to London, Hawaii, Shanghai, and the west coast of the USA.
I went to watch my daughter's badminton games yesterday.
My daughter's skill is getting better and her patience has increased while playing.
He has taken a tennis lesson before.
On the other hand, if you talk to your boss or people you aren't familiar with, it's more appropriate to use indirect questions.
Is studying abroad or going to an English conversation school necessary for speaking English to some extent?
The Asian Games excited me!
Water is dripping down from the pipe....
I will complain to my landlord.
I was absent from university because I had a bad headache.
He is called ``King of Pop.`` I've never seen his performance, but if I have a chance, I want to see it.
However, that's an impossible dream as long as he's not a liar.
As a matter of fact, I had been a kind of an old fogey.
But believe it or not, I hadn't bought my own cell phone, or car,
But nobody is going to stop me.
If I could think in English while reading English sentences, then my English comprehension skill wouldimprovng rapidly.
I changed it for me, adding cabbage under the pork and a soft-boiled egg on the pork.
One is by Renka, who is my favorite actor.
It is one of my favorite books!
And also Renka has always been (?) my favorite person!
One day I hope I can become a rich woman like her,
Maybe there are not too many people that know them in Taiwan.
When I was feeling sad and lonely.
Are the following sentences I wrote grammatically correct?
I've been studying English.
In addition, I recently fell into a slump.
Although Lewis's piano solos are sometimes a little bit annoying,
Somethings that are truly new are often accompanied by some kind of discomfort.
There were too many people that Johnny separated from his mom.
The shop is in Kichijoji City, Tokyo.
The reason why I walk is because I am engaged in a walking competition with my colleague.
I thought it would be difficultto book them for during the Christmas holidays, but it was easier than I thought.
I will be living in a dormitory next semester.
and I bought a lot of things for my dormitory XD
There is no intresting places to go for a walk.
For the first time these places seem like something unusually interesting.
My grandmother was from a wealthy merchant family in Sakai (in Osaka).
(It was mysteriously beautiful, she said to me.)
It also poured into her ears.
She has a elder brother who was sent to Siberia but fortunately
She can use welfare for the disabled,
So I decided to cut her hair, and learnt about how to do it on the web.
Also, I can be more aware of the author's ideas and imaginations by writing on them.
Because this pen uses thermo-technology, therefore even if you erase it perfectly, the ink would still appear under some conditions.
but I'm glad to see he is active in another country.
We have to study or research very hard to widen the tunnel and to learn how to dig tunnels.
I came across some sayings when I was reading an English document.
Some have already been (provisionally) chosen for jobs.
I like japanese food, because it is fresh and heathy.
In Japan, we are anxious about relationships with neighboring countries, ie China and Russia.
I've selected out of those and developed about 150 and enlarged 10.
When I was young, I went back to visit my grandmother every year for the Songkran Festival to receive her blessing. The belief is that doing this will bring good luck and prosperity for the New Year.
l have borrowed books.
Why was my diary not corrected by anyone?
So I hope to meet more foreign friends and learn languages from each other.
But it has passed a half month into February.
I love sakura blossoms.
It means Sakura bloom beautifully because of cold winter.
It means ordeals will make our mind and humanity beautiful and strong.
I bet tonight I will sleep well and I'm looking forward to seeing someone who is coming to visit Thailand..
Hello everyone!
Today I have written a diary in English.
Please check my diary.
I love English and children.
I must study hard in English!!!
What a special day it is!!:)
Register lang-8
Today, I registered in Lang-8.
The writing and speaking skills are terrible.
And I put it in the refrigerator.
It was so much fun, my friends and I stayed in a hostel which was a 15-minute walk from the beach!
After playing that, we were so tired because we were rasing our legs, jumping and dodging etc.
I want to go to abroad, and make friends there!
/ Although I am ashamed, I also feel hateful towards myself.
But to give an example, I have a/ sense of justice!!!
It is famous for it's pineapples.
For instance, many exotic countries make millions of dollars on foreign* tourists.
Not all of the tourists know how to keep the area around them clean.
I'm a beginner at English.
I hope to use English better and to meet some friends.
Today, I will eat kaki fruit. I like it.
It is sweet and delicious.
Now, in Japan, there are many kaki fruits on the trees in the gardens in town.
Nowadays, I am reading fanfic of Sherlock (BBC 2010).
Have you been to a sushi restaurants in your city?
A television is being turned off.
Is there any difference?
I'm a little upset by it because unlike many people in my age I like going to school and I'm keen on learning new things.
I love this fiction mostly because of its exquisite psychological description.
They ask me to wear office casual clothes.
He just said ``not too formal and not too casual``
write in English daily and watch NHK's English program.
But I overslept today, so I couldn't study English.
I turned around and around, which made me dizzy so I couldn't walk well.
I have to go to bed in order to wake up on time.
Last Sunday, I watched a film called The King's Speech. I recommend it; it's a very good movie, not only because of the story, but also because it has good actors and a good soundtrack.
There were UFOs in my house.
Watching TV (^ ^)
I'm watching tv now!!
And now there exists a major problem that my vocabulary is not enough and moreover I am forgetting what I remembered.
An important text awaits me and I try new ways to remember words by is skimming through part of the vocabulary regularly.
Don't tell her that I was drunk last night.
We buy a lot of vegetables and fruit (apples, oranges, strawberries, bananas).
I always buy semi-skimmed milk and my mother buys goat's milk because she is allergic to cow's milk.
On Sunday we are going to make a big cake with strawberries and a little chocolate.
When I'm on a diet, I wanna eat a small quantity of high quality food instead of making a pig (out) of myself by eating low calorie, chemically enhanced food.
I slept with my sister last night she is always welcomes me to sleep with her.
He likes to come to my house because he has many friends including with my counsin, who plays with him.
Today I plan to read a book somewhere around my house and copy a book for my student.
It has come to reach the conclusion that we will be playing covers of the rock band ``slipknot``.
For the next class I have to listen to a Korean song and try to write down the lyrics, I want to choose ``I can't let you go, even if I die`` by 2AM, can you recommend another song to me?
level, especially my speaking skill is becoming better and better.
We know about sharing and we're better at creating something new and special, but the old generation may feel nervous about the PCs and iphones or androids.
People may pay more attention to their individual experience and their need to satisfy their desires other than those built on possessions.
People are crazy to own a house or an apartment.
If you were a boy or a man, you should have an apartment, then you can marry.
I Love ``kaitennsushi``
I love sushi.
Do you know ``kaitennsushi`` everyone?
I ate a lot of sushi.
because it was cheap and delicious.
I think I have to go on diet!!
but maybe I will go to ``kaitennsushi``
hi guys, I am Mohamed sadiq from sudan I'm 20 years old, it 's
my first time writing an entry in this beautiful site and I want to tell
I had been working at a damage insurance research company for 20 years until10 years ago.
This work had greatly developed me and a thoughtless remark disappeared. (more specific?
When I try to remember new words, I look them up immediately and review them before I go to bed.
And I hope everyone to be happy and safe
I paid two hundred Hong Kong dollars to him and shook hands with him.
I thank not only everyone who made corrections, but also Lang-8 a lot:)
I wish ALL people who are studying a foreign language knew about this beneficial item/ website/ place.
The short time makes me raise my concentration for studying English.
Admission was 8 Euros.
My first time was over 10 years ago.
I had a soup curry in Sapporo which is the birthplace of soup curry. The shop I went to is 3 stories tall in Sapporo.
I home stayed in Australia for a week.
It was an amazing experience.
I don't know if it is difficult to write what I want to write in English.
About English singer, I like Evanescence, Britney Spears, and Avril Lavigne.
I'm gong to count sheep.
I'm a native speaker of Spanish and I'm trying to improve my English as I'm studing a teaching program of English at the University of Santiago of Chile (USACH).
Certainly, I'm not good writing in English and I still make silly mistakes, so I joined this website in order to improve my writing-and speaking-skills.
I'm interested in English and I think I need English in the future, so I study English now.
I will write my diary everyday to improve my writing skills.
Sounds crazy, right?
In the last set, I was trailing by two points at gamepoint, but luckily, I got four points in a row, not only did I win the game, but I also controlled my stress well,-this made me even happier.
I cannot understand some corrections.
I'm so sad because he was a person I respected.......................
GMO (genetically modified object)-foodstuff, a living organism, created with the help of genetic engineering.
Finally, the butterfly to the back.
Bon matin.
I found this website by random searching with the google bar.
The different cultures of each country in which I am interested can be learnt from this website through our communication.
We are in spring now andI saw the cherry blossom with its roses. I really like this kind of tree. And I have liked it since my childhood. The cherry blossom is called the tree of ``sakura``
I have a lot of hobbies. I don't like spending my hobby alone. I like spending my hobby with my frend or with my brother or with my family. I enjoy with all because I spend a long time when I make my hobby.
When I heard this, I was really shocked...
My job is called central operator which means home electrical repair.
So, these sweets bring out the delicious taste of powdered green tea more and more.
In other spots of the mouth, bitter tastes of powdered green tea bring out these sweets.
In addition, my company usually don't work on Saturdays.
but yesterday (Saturday), we worked.
I couldn't go to the clinic (or?) to work.
because I don't need to work today.
So I was relaxing and watching TV shows which I missed because (or due) to working overtime.
It is the first working day.
I like Ken because he helps me when I have a problem.
Ken is good my friend. He's a businessman. He has many houses. His main house is very beautiful. He usually travels by plane.
I believe that this culture is stupid!!!
Today, I watched a movie again
Everybody drank and talked a lot.
For example, thanks to the development of the Internet, we can now communicate with people wherever they live, without the limit of distance or time, by using e-mail, Skype, and so on.
I straddle the line between these worlds.
During the weekdays, I am absorbed in my classes while on weekends I am devoted to part-time work.
I have a part-time job at a watch boutique within a hotel resort. Today in the morning, one couple walked in the store, and I talked with the customers actively, I was going to tell customers things about which watch they are gazing. Since most of our customers come from mainland China, I tried to communicate by using Chinese. However, they don't seem to understand what I said, and there was no response with my talk. So, I turned to speak in English, but it was so embarrassed that once I finished my sentence, the guest replied me in Chinese.
I like making things.
But I cannot catch the meaning of the following sentence:
Ginger tea
I've been drinking ginger tea for a couple of days.
Because of a hard schedule, I stayed there for only 10 hours, but thanks to my friend I thoroughly enjoyed the food and a massage.
I live in japan, and I am a Japanese college student.
There were many people there.
Today my coworker invited me to his orchestra concert at Feb 22th.
``Nooooooooo Im Japanese!!!!!!`` ``Oh you are liar....`` ``I never lie!``
so many japanese people have got Tattoooooooos.....
Its getting popular I thought...
It was a really fun day!!!
I've heard an expression to do something to reduce stress is 'vent',
And I will go to chiropractic tomorrow too!!
But I feel refreshed so much afterward!!
``Just cut my friange, please``.
``Cut up to above your eyebrow!?
But actually I wanted him to cut same line as my eyebrow..
At the moment, I didn't recognize my misunderstanding.
Just being attracted by something will make people drop into a ``sea of knowledge``.
Everybody, take me there!!
In Japan, tattoos are not socially acceptable.
But in other countries, tattoos are socially acceptable.
I wonder if this situation shows that Japanese people are on the very conservative side.
Every morning I wake up and feel so good, though, a little bit tired.
Lesson making sentences after reading Myanmar over the horizon
It was only a one hour meeting but a giant step for a fruitful future for the Myanmar nations and all the other neighboring countries.
I'm wondering if the Arab spring movement has warned the regime to grant a democratic voice.
These words below are from the article and I made sentences using them.
2 condemn-Japanese Government has officially condemned the Russian President, Dmitry Medevedev, for paying a visit to Kunashiri island.
3 mar-Kosei Gaukuin's honorable result in the National high school baseball tournament was marred by the announcement of some members 'drinking last winter.
4 detention-High school Baseball Association doesn't give any detention to the school because the students concerned are in the highest grade and the team has launched the baseball team with their new members.
Therefore, I seldom tell my friends about the existence of my blog.
That person kept responding to my article.
I Googled it and I found his blog.
Because, we lose the power and courage to carry out our dreams.
I want to travel the whole world and go everywhere, while I am young.
The day everything will be restored is not far away..
Anyway, I became aware of the following statement last night:
I was denied when I asked to request a higher selling limit applications.
Why was I denied?
Currently the nursing system is a problem in Japan.
I think it is not good to have a society that afflicts the elderly.
But I'm not decided on whom to vote for yet.
I want to (listen, write, speak, and read) English more.
I feel it is hard to study English because since I graduated high school, I haven't studied it.
During World War 2, Japan colonized Korea and took some people from Korea to their own country.
Today, I went to a language school for a trial lesson.
Because some students absolutely didn't speak better than me.
So please correct me if it is necessary
``So, do you want to try the yummy soup?`` She asked me with her eyes shining.
``Take it or leave it!`` She yelled and shut the door.
you said it! ``The weird voice came again.
I hope I can travel to 7 countries before I die.
Another teacher called Mr. G treats us very nicely and often entertains us by making jokes.
I've worked at a law office for a week, and everything is a new experience for me.
Then I heard the most unbelievable words come out from a reporter to a big star. The female reporter shouted the S-word to Nadal, turned around, and left without looking upset.
(Here's a question to British people: Having used it just now, does the word 'bloody' sound so vulgar that it sounds weird when used by non-natives?
But I think I should surpress bad feelings as soon as possible.
A transition into a new president of the United State has many significant influences to many people and many nations.
In fact, many people are still suffering from prejudice or discrimination.
The message is that we are not stupid, and if we wish, we can overcome the discrimination.
Two years ago, I went by myself to Las Vegas to see an Aerosmith and Motley Crue show.
He and three other major players expressed their unpleasant feelings by quiting the Winter Training in HaiNan Province.
I want to go to the sea this summer.
Am I a character in someone's dream?
When it comes to travel, different people have different ideas.
First, travel will help you to acquire knowledge.
When you travel to a place, you will have a better understanding of the local culture, tradition and customs.
Second, travel provides you with the opportunity to practise*.
I also went (/ visited) the Aso Farm Land where you can find many shops, accommodations, hot springs, and so on (/ and more).
That makes absolutely no sense!!
I made a mistake that and deleted many songs in my I-pod...
It is everybody's day tomorrow.. We can rest for 3 days.
Especially, the wind flapped us. (?)
It became a good opportunity to know the difference between my mother language and other languages well.
I have to teach my workmen some knowledge about our production.
It was beyond my English vocabulary.
The differences between humans and chimpanzees
Maybe I will have a topic to write tomorrow.
I have to get home around 7: 00pm to take care of my baby.
After a while, I received her abdominal x-ray.
Just overeating can mimic the symptoms of a severe disease.
I think everybody has a window in their heart.
first of all, my name is tulio, and I want to learn English, because nowadays companies require that you speak English
Last week, I saw a new advertisement, ``they need a new reporter, but he or she must be able to speak in english.
Firstly, my hairstyle do not set.
Therefore I do not like June and July.
Las Vegas is an exciting city, so so I'm angry when it's called sin city.
Vegas is awesome!
And the conference that I had hoped to participate for many years was awesome too.
If I remember correctly, your brother lives in NY, is that right?
Do you go to NY occasionally?
My favorite authors are Haruki Murakami, Soseki Natsume and so on.
Haruki Murakami also translated some foreign works into Japanese.
I sometimes feel very confused.
C. without subtitles now.
I want to visit the place where the drama was filmed.
Because my best friend gave me a free ticket to the gym.
I thought that the cafe was so comfortable.
It is really cruel! The team protected the Kekexili for 3 years without any support from local government.
The bullfighting is a ceremony not just killing the bull but looking forward to a good harvest.
In 1990, he became the first left-hander to win the United States Amateur? Championship title.
According to the article, he has a left-handed golf swing after mirroring his father's right-hand swings.
I was at the company sending for a long time. My boss must use the details today for presentation (?) but I did it slowly because my computer at my company is quite slow. I felt bad I couldn't send the file to him in time. I tried to ask a colleague to help me send email to my boss because I must change the details. He is very cute.
My friend called me to make an appointment on Sunday this week but I did not say yes because I would like to sleep at home for my weekend.
I checked email today. It's great to hear from my French friend. They sent a text to me, I had not seen them for ages. They had lived in Bangkok for a long time. I knew them when I went to practice English in Impini park. They are so cute and taught me a lot of English and French.
I had studied French language for 3 years but now I have forgotten it. I cannot say anything, just bonjour, comment ca va and Je t 'aime.
I was fanatic about Gyoza today since I was in the middle of working.
Incredible three times.
Most people (can/ could) have difficulties when they speak a foreign language which they've already studied for a long time.
Moreover, I can even hardly express what I'm thinking in the foreign language.
What do you think the most important things are when you study a foreign language?
Everything was expensive and there was a variety of merchandise that kids love (even adults.)
They looked quite mature for their age at the entrance ceremony, because they wore suits.
My university doesn't have a lot of students but because of this, I can make friends with almost everyone and I'm looking forward to that.
It's difficult to describe the recipe.
We saw a bear crossing the road.
I hate watching violent films.
Outrage has serious and comical scenes.
Today Osaka is so hot!! xO
So Green tea is Ryoku Cha in Japanese.
I felt it was weird to put something in green tea but we put sugar in English tea so maybe it's the same thing!:p
Then it becomes two parts in the classroom: I teach my own things
This is my first diary entry in Lang-8, I hope I can improve here and make friends with you guys ^ ^.
I like reading cookbooks, the pictures in the books look so delicious and make me happy.
Do you know the Japanese noodles called ``soba``?
Reducing carbon dioxide is attacked by TV commercials frequently.
While I feel they are similar, I'm assured that Toyota's car is safer, more economical and environmentally friendly.
It is evident that the car's fuel consumption is 23 kilometers per liter of gasoline.
And I am learning Thai informally.
Last week, I didn't plan to go traveling over the weekend.
But one of my roommates asked me to go to underwater world with them.
Unfortunately, I was busy all the time and had not had any chance to visit it.
Unexpectedly, however, it was raining and it seemed like it would continue to rain.
What a pity.
I will study more English and go to bed.
The Internet in Thailand is not as broad or commercialized as the one in Hong Kong, but the quality of its system is high, built around the country's universities and technical institutes, guaranteeing a large supply of Internet-literate people.
Today, the day was darkening when I left the reading room.
This theme is my homework.
I'll explain about Hikikomori.
I'm sure all of us can be hikikomori, because we are weaker than we think, and the reasons are more complicated.
My English isn't very good so I want friends to talk with so that I can use it more regularly and improve my English especially my spoken English.
During this period, I was fascinated by other worlds and cultural things.
I locked the door in 3 different steps so he couldn't open it!
To be bilingual is my dream, and Singapore has a good economic situation and working environment.
It has a monster mathematic theory behind it, and people will never think any raw data is useful unless they understand the theory.
It's good when you sit down in front of the screen, watching the earth move like water, the spoon drift touch the cloud, and the dramatist personae always stands on the edge of death.
The end of world, this concept has never been a part of Chinese culture, and no one believes it.
Of course, maybe this is the difference between the ease and west.
I use a black leather planner.
1, monthly calenders for programing long term schedules and making appointments
2, daily schedule and task notes for protecting me from forgetting and increasing efficiency
4, refills written about information which I need to watch frequently.
This system is like Franklin planner.
I studied the system of Franklin planner,
and reproduced this system with blank rifills.
I don't have any confidence in my memory,
Actually I can't believe it yet.
Tomorrow is the end of vacation,
Global warming is a threat for all man kind <or> humans.
The weatherman on TV said that February will be exceptionally warm.
That would be nice.
I was very suprised that every person I met was also Korean.
I'm currently* developing iPhone application in a Japanese company.
these days Japanese government is very weak and tends to be changeable.
I often eat a dish called NABE, which consists of vegetables and chicken, pork, or whatever your favorite ingredients are cooked together in a soup.
However, I didn't have anything to do and couldn't even take a shower because the water was cut off.
we met and then we went to eat something.
It was very delicious.
Then we went to the academy again.
I didn't know this actually but yesterday they had a Japan versus Scotland football match, here in Tokyo (I guess).
Yesterday, she taught us about how to pick-up a Canadian guy.
Today is my anniversary
He has powerful energy and charisma.
I would like to learn Biomechanics and Robotics at Thukuba graduate university because I want to make a Robot suit like ``HAL``.
I watched the movie, title is ``zombieland`` and ``kickass``, today.
zombieland is very a sweet movie!
I couldn't turn it over well but it was delicious.
Although nuclear power produces nearly no coventional air pollution, qualifying it as ``clean energy``, the disasters it brought have threatened the existence of human beings.
For example, I had to be home by 5 o 'clock until I graduated high_ school and I could not leave any food, even a single grain of rice.
They were pretty naughty to me but not to their mother.
I told them to stop it many times but my face and head got hit by several stones.
Next day I was dismissed because I punished them.
Although I am single,_ I am nervous about becoming a parent.
I feel a little bit nervous.
Snacks goes crunch crunch in people's mouth also drinks goes gulp gulp in children's throats.
The speakers are bursting out with loud and clear music.
There are full of regretful comments with regards to his death which can be seen below the video.
I didn't recite all the vocabulary, so it took me a lot of time to read the sentence.
I want to buy some clothes for winter.
I'm tired but I thought my work is was pretty good
I worked for one month so devoutly for him after my 'afternoon work' and during my days off.
I was so surprised.
A funeral (PLease correct my sentence)
I like its colour, very pale pink, almost white, contrasting with the dark brown of the trunk.
In my opinion, all males should leave on Women's Day also so that they can consort with their girlfriends and wives.
I found it very interesting.
I like rock 'n roll, for example: ZZ-TOP, JIMI HENDRIX, BB-KING, METALLICA and so on...
If I can, I hope to take advantage of my previous experience and English conversation.
I thought it was a bit weird because she and I were not so close as to exchange messages.
So, we can easily understand the why people crowd in the promotional merchandise and discount sections, and the people produce and sell unsafe food, which seems strange in some foreigners 'eyes.
However, food security takes money, which raises the cost of food.
He was an about three-meter silver robot.
Today, I have registered with this site.
English conversation, English grammar, TOEIC Reading,...
I have to study English for business.
However, I didn't have enough money to order ramen because of the book I had bought!
I replied OK!
While playing, I stumbled on the soccer ball and fell.
Then, I strained my left hand!
It's makes me feel good to express my own feeling in another country's language.
The sentences below are one's I made up today.
It's not perfect, so I want you to correct my sentences.
Beef is quite expensive.
And they are destined to trade goods and merchandise with each other.
Thanks to your help, I'm doing better at english than I ever have before.
There are a lot of Japanese toys for kids, and I would be happy if foreign people also liked them.
I've been having a cold and a stuffy nose for a few days.
So, Okinawa prefecture has different culture from Japan's mainland.
I love the compassionate people, the subtropical climate, and the beautiful sea at Okinawa.
I had a practice of soccer at night.
However, I had a lot of failures.
I was shocked because bomb sound.
I'm so excited to see her on the other hand I have to tell her my decision...
But I have to tell her immediately......
Anyways, how different is ``Be going to`` to ``will``?
Referring to those information, we discussed what Japanese Government should do.
We hope we can solve this problem next time.
I went to my restaurant to work.
Many people visit there.
Born in 1869 in the hinterlands of Siberia as a son of a mere peasant, Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin would have appeared an unlikely candidate to rise towards a position of considerable personal and political influence over Russia's ruling Imperial family.
Yesterday, I was depressed because I want part-time job, but it was a day off for me.
This weekend I want to rest and review my seminar textbooks.
I felt the Chinese people's energy in the festival.
It was because I caught a cold.
The ``Spring Bank Holiday`` was on 25th May in the UK.
I finally figured out how to use my electronic dictionary which I got from my family as a graduation present.
Suddenly ``Go for your coworkers.
Love is paradox, don't you think?
I having a problem right now.
I and my friend Eri tried to stop continuing association with him.
These are pictures provided by Multnomah County Sheriff's Office.
He understands the my problems.
I really don't feel like going because I have other things to do at home.
This afternoon, I played 'Zhen san' with my classmates, but we lost every game. I felt so upset after that that I went with some classmates to play ping-pong. I hadn't played it a long time, and when we were just getting started I felt like a beginner.
About my sister and her husband
(Iwork inJinbocho.
My university has a rental DVD center, and all the students can rent some DVDs with cheep price.
Is it normal to rent DVDs on campus in The States?
That's more weird than doing nothing!
There is not a crowd of people and it is not noisy.
Being a college student is terrible.
I'm so nervous.> <?
The advantage of Lang-8 is that I can have my composition corrected for free!
Therefore, I will write diary or essay day after day.
She said that she really wants to sleep over.
Functional Magnetic Residence Imaging, FMRI, is a procedure that uses magnetic residence imaging to measure the tiny metabolic changes that take place in an active part of the brain.
My first writing.
In general,_ it is meant to symbolize that I should be loved by many people and also love many people.
But in fact,_ my father had a favorite child at his workplace when I born,_ and her name was ``AI``.
But I like my name very much.
We cant communicate very well.
I loathe english.
Like I said before, I will keep moving on.
The newscaster said that in Islington the number of cars running on the street has genuinely decreased.
The univeristies try to push students to communicate, and use a lot of English for studying.
That was really really interesting!!
The aftershock is coming, the nuclear problems haven't been solved and victims of the tsunami have not been rescued yet, but I believe we can repair the broken city.
I like ``Toy Story 1.`` I have watched it more than ten times!!
In other words in English, 'The whopper is very delicious'
Today's lunch
I like spicy and ethnic food, so I sometimes have Thai or Indian food.
To take in nourishment, I endeavor to cook light dishes through trial and error.
But, I am not good at cooking...
It was very windy last night.
It is especially excessive today.
I thought the stuff is too expensive. I can't afford it.
My friend He spent 400 yuan to buy a cloth. He is very proud because the cloth is a famous brand.
But when you receive t the jeans, you find this jeans is verydifferent from the picture.
English is difficult for me.
tremendous damage from the earthquake in Japan.
Now, over 1000 people have died or are missing.
Sendai, one of the biggest cities in Japan, was heavily damaged by the tsunami.
It was the biggest quake since we began to measure earthquakes.
I caught a butterfly.
After that, I sometimes caught other butteflies.
There were some foreign tourists
Her occupation is as a beautician.
They were very kind to me and their house was comfortable.
My school is ACE, Australian College of English.
I love flowers.
My best score today is 89points, and today's average is 85 points.
A Headache
I hate math, so I always get a bad score,
Some people say that simply read through the words is enough to memorize those words.
Some people divorced 25 minutes after they got married!
I was very surprised to see this news.
But I think it depends on their personality, so that can't be the only the reason.
Reading is very funny and exciting for me.
My body is heavy.
Today, I was very unfortunate.
It seems like a (very) great community.
I'd like to make use of it, and improve my English ability.
It's one of the parts of speech in Japanese grammar.
That is absolutely fantastic awards I'd never seen before.
He's act in the Dark Knight was Amazing.
I think that the train stopped and I couldn't come home because of the typhoon.
When a typhoon almost comes the train stops at my office nearby the station.
I became very scared and decided to be careful from now on.
Last week a pastor said that we had to take a pious attitude during Lent.
The date of Easter is decided each year according to a given rule of the church, [/ BLUE] and the dates of Ash [BLUE] Wednesday and Good Friday depend on the date of Easter.
This year Easter falls on April 12th, so Ash Wednesday was on February 25th, and Good Friday is on April 10th.
Many Christians fast on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday, and the money saved from the fast is given to poor people.
Lucky me!
He is married to a Japanese woman,
And had mongolian traditional boiled mutton's leg.
I realized the necessity of English for global communication like this.
Today I went to school, because we will start our new semester the day after tomorrow.
I'm into horoscopes these days.
His performance is attractive.
I'm glad I can join this site and meet many new friends.
Having a phone call when their roommates are reading.
Washing things when their roommates are sleeping.
Thanks to this journal I remembered the washing!
I'm looking forward to meeting them!!
My sister's family picked us up and then wer went to the Korean BBQ restaurant.
We haven't been there in nearly a year, so we were so excited for their food.
I ate watermelon, and caught beetles.
It's a precious memory.
The old house was renovated.
Hatupousai is Chinese food.
I fried many vegetables, shrimps, and cuttlefish.
The victims of the tsunami and the radiation leaks are suffering from a serious shortage of food,_ water, medicine and heating oil.
I was impressed with both countries.
I am 20 years old and studying in a university in Taiwan.
I think I will start trying to write my journals in Japanese, but I'm using English as the (median) supplement since my Japanese is so poor!!
Anyone who can help me correct my journals will be greatly appreciated!!
Yesterday, I posted an entry for people to correct and no one did.
I have to return some books.
The Japanese person is a girl. Her name is Ami. Me and her are the only two girls in the class, so we are very good friends.
Our human should unite together to build a United Human Republic.
I have already watched the first one.
I am not good at writing essays.
I have poor grammar.
I am working at a restaurant.
Thank you!
We were impressed because the illumination was very beautiful.
Today is the start of my 4 day holiday.
Out of all foods, it is the most delicious
Please check my clumsy English.
It had a lot of things.
When drinking with friends I'm not well acquainted with, I have to say '' I have to be up early so I can study tomorrow '', ``I left the oven on`` or ``I think my boyfriend is having an affair, so I have to go home and catch him red-handed`` (of course, the last two were jokes) in order to interrupt a conversation and go home early.
In summer, the weather becomes hot and severe than usual so we haven't much work to do.
My cats are running around energetically in the house.
I'm Chinese.
I'm good at sports.
Repeat this 20 times, then put your hands on the back of your head, and repeat.
I was in the lab until 11pm because I had a lot of things to do.
My alarm clock
I alway set up my alarm clock.
The alarm voice is a music.
I think I have to change the alarm voice to be noyierso that it can make me get up early.
I've been interested in English since I was a young girl.
I still cannot improve it as fast as possible....
My writing neither...
She bought a lot of things in the web and spend a lot of money.
2ne1's charm attracts people.
Although I'm also fond of watching other singers 'performances, these days I'm sure that 2ne1's perfomances makes me feel good.
I also know that the elimination of nuclear weapons is nearly hopelessly impossible.
Regarding earlier posting
I wrote a blog post for the first time on this site some hours ago.
I had a graduation examination yesterday and today.
I `m expecting Japanese figure skater Mao will get the gold medal.
12 year artwork project ``Story to build a ship``, This project works by PH Studio (group of architectures and artists and photographers) and people living in this valley.
It was not until then that I actually felt I was in Europe, which is quite different from Japan.
I think I got sick from overexposure to air conditioning..
At that time, the weather was so hot that I was wearing a sleeveless dress.
So I shivered in the cold while watching the movie.
:) The pictures that I have attached are not clear because they were taken with a mobile-phone camera, but you can feel the joyful atmosphere.
But I will rather buy my safety and comfort
There are so many ants in my house especially around the kitchen.
Taipei New World Mall boasts all kinds of shops, spoiling tourists and passerbys with their boutiques, snack stalls, apparel stores, video game stores and so on.
I had good experiences to communicate with people of diverse nationalities.
In diaries that other students wrote on lang-8, the word ``busy`` stands out.
I haven't cooked recently because of work.
I wouldn't say that I am a vegetarian, though I love all kinds of vegetables!
And I realised that even my childish laugh had disappeared.
But I am truly surprised.
Today was a leisure day, because I didn't need to go to work.
I got up late, then I felt confused--what should I do?
Wind flowed, clouds were beautiful, the sun was so hot.
My kids have changed my thought.
Then, we entered the same high school and joined the volleyball club again.
What do you think of my pronunciation, to be honest?
The report noted that the student hung herself in her bathroom with a terrible pose directly because the school rejected her mother to live together with her in the student apartment.
As a young person, I knew; either for others or for myself; I should work (in order) to live.
I'd like to make friends with everybody, to know each other and make progress together.
My other friend and I were impressed by his comment
Ohh how surprised I didn't think I would see them there..
I wish that snows would be melted by tomorrow night.
After that, My Korean housemate came to my room and told me he had tried to made Korean food and eat it.
I am studying English hard these days because I want to expand business in the world.
I usually use our dialect, so people ask ``Are you from Osaka?``.
``Yes, of course.``
I occasionally watch TV programs.
It is the last year for me to be in the university.
So I want to go to experience and compare personally
It is better to travel than to read voluminously.
After that, I dropped in to a career center in uni, and wrote a report on job hunting.
Every student has to hand in the report, so that it will help the students who will go on a job hunt next year.
I recommended to him to download a word file from a website, and told him how to put a photo on a document.
Do you believe that Mary is going out with Tom?
Tom was a quite, handsome man, (don't pretend you don't remember him!
But I still have no ability to write or to speak on an acceptable level.
I finished my job today. (^ ^;)
I'll go shower after writing this sentence.
I want to know about foreign comics.
After (?) opening the window, rain drops come into my room.
Before it came to my house, it was my grandfather's.
I saw each year a countdown festival from broadcasting on television.
But she receives a small salary.
I always feel excited when I go to Karaoke.
Surprisingly, he bought presents for me and my friend.
Today is rainy in my hometown.
I think Saiunkoku is a fun story but the theme is politics.
As my homework is so heavy, so I haven't watched any drama.
They are the reason that I have difficulty writing often.
Recenty, I don't feel well.
I just don't know what to do when he is grumpy and disappears.
The third son recently hung on to something to stand up for the first time.
However, he is very dangerous because he very often falls over.
Those years were great, I met so many people from different countries. I liked them all. The world is so interesting. We are all are so different, but we are all human. We have the same wishes, the same fears and emotions...
Hi everyone, I'm Chinese, and I'm studying English and Korean now.
Now I totally regret my behavior.> <
The most precious moment was when I passed the final interview for going to Vancouver for the inter skills training program as one of the representatives for my university.
Lastly, I feel grateful to Byron for helping me improve my English and encouraging me to practice everyday.
I was smiling shyly in the pictures, and looked happy.
That is meaningless, in addition, This word must make me walk back.
He is the most interesting and well-informed person I have ever seen.
He told me that there are many treasures in books.
Moreover, he loves to travel to different countries.
I remember that I wrote one diary yesterday here, but I can't find it.
return gifts as a token of thanks
I think that it is important for Japanese to show 'a token of thankfulness' in some way if we receive a gift or favor.
Any way, desire of studying or learning by inspiration helps us not to learn at high level but helps to learn for discoveing the real world.
The little pies and chocolate pumps at a candy store little popular but with nice sweets.
it doesn't make sense.
The whole city is plagued in confusion and sadness.
I was disappointed X (
Rose shall return again!
nihongo daisuki demo
It is a convenience with many transportation sites.
I prefer to swim in a swimming pool because I don't like getting a sunburn, but sometimes I want to swim in the ocean.
They have been supporting me whenever I'm in trouble.
One of my double majors is Chinese literature so I applied to the student exchange program.
However, when I was young I also got interested inEnglish because I started listening to Pop Songs (especially rmb, hiphop:D).
However, to ME, the most important thing compared to what was said above is our relationship!
So you have to study it very hard. ``I have to say that's true.
You just have no gift in studying foreign languages.
You should just take pride in yourself, because you can speak the most difficult language in the world, Chinese. ``
Writing an English diary is a new way.
The glasses I bought are light and tough more than my old one.
Studying at college is a lot of fun. I've met nice friends and I have wonderful teachers.
I'll try the TOEIC in the next six months. I've decided to study hard and earn a high score, so someday I'll be able to talk English fluently with you.
Boys especially behave like this.
What I can do is to wish him a pleasant journey and fly higher in the future.
I have tried to find the reason, I think there are two: one is that I did 't get a good start, which means my colleagues don't like me very much.
They just keep making fun of me, and they don't distribute some of their work to me, but to another colleague who came this company later than me.
This month, I faced a lot of difficulties, one is about work, and another is about a relationship (actually it's also about work, because what I am going to talk about is difficult to deal with-the relationship with my colleagues, and some of them are my roommates.
Usually, I like cooking, but my roommates don't like it.
This kind of things always happens, but I'm not used to it, I am innocent, I haven't done anything wrong.
After so much time without a single word here I have decided to return to my blog again.
I studying English.
At the meeting, I had to explain the documents I wrote.
I planned to visit my wife's parents this weekend, but my wife won't be going back together with me since she has to receive one-day's training in modern management on Saturday.
I already need to sleep again because I need to get up early tomorrow morning.
Moreover, overseas visitors chose June and January in second and third places with around 600 thousand respectively.
Furthermore, similar trends are reported except a significant decrease in September with just over 600 thousand in 2004 compared to around 350 thousand in 2005.
In terms of the top 5 countries, the table shows that Japan, Australia, the USA and South Korea were the commonest countries as tourists to Britian in both years.*
The top 3 countries did not show big changes in their percentages, although Japan was reported as the first country in 2004 and became the second with the only negative change of 2%.
But many people think that it's a shame for an adult like me to be a fan of this story!
But I cannot do anything about it.
I've already read all five books (including the last one, written from Edward's point of view and its fan fiction) first in English and then in Russian.
I restarted studying English last month.
I quit studying English 6years ago.
There are a few sounds I can't pronounce yet:. For example, I don't know how to roll my R.
A seriously infected patient is a 6-month pregnant mom.
The eighteen year old mom has been confirmed with the 2009 flu. She revealed pneumonic symptoms and respiratory failure, she needed urgent treatment for her life.
PS: This is my first entry.
But unexpectedly as soon as I got up in the morning on Monday one of my friends called me and told me that she wanted to visit my home. I'm was really happy and she came in the afternoon, bringing me delicious food which we ate while watching TV.
In the afternoon after she left my home suddenly another friend called me to go shopping on Tuesday.
Surprisingly, while I was eating my middle school classmate called me and asked to meet in a coffee bar on Wednesday.
So on Wednesday I drank a cup of coffee in a coffee bar with my classmate while we were chating and playing bridge.
The next morning my classmate called me and said that she had an upset stomache and she wanted to know if I felt ill as well, but luckily I didn't.
The change's god.
It is change or bills.
Maybe There is a change's god.
The change's god, thank you very much.
I bought a lot of things that I loved including a bottle of sweet cream wine.
Yesterday I turned on the air-conditioner (or the AC), but today I turned on the heater.
I know the meaning of word, but
I don't understand the use of this phrase when it occasionally doesn't seem to suit the conversation.
This school's theme is: I will be a professional business person and president.
The europen buildings were resplendent, elegant, and spiritless as they always are.
I want to be a social worker or a reporter.
I'm looking for going out for dinner with her.
Thank you for commenting in my last journal, I feel better and better.
I figured out what it is was that was bothering me.
I try coping with my life.
It helps to step forward from dispair.
Some students were running around the school.
I was not good at sports, and I did not like running.
But, lately I started slow jogging for my health.
Some day I want to run a marathon.
One day, I found this website on the komica. It's a ACG website and I immediately found that it's a very interesting website.
When I think of people who live far away communicating with each other, I feel very excited.
The other smartphones are not very attractive for me.
Reading Habits
summarize the book using charts and graphs with just 1 piece of paper
read your book dirtily, don't save your books.
build specific point of view, write general subject like prism, not just dig subject (?).
I went shopping at an electronics store.
I want a small personal computer.
It is very expensive.
I don't have enough money.
I want a lot of money.
The population is on the decrease. More specifically, young people are leaving, and old people are on the increase.
On Friday we had American guests from New Orleans stay at our hotel.
They were so friendly, easy-going, talkative, even, and they just start dancing.
I've liked history since I was a child, and I studied it in university.
I didn't even look down, maybe by that time I'm a little scared too.
At that time, he knew that he must go or he would be a delicious meal for the fox.
My work schedule is flexible.
I am a 23-years-old Japanese girl as I mentioned in my profile, and I mainly work as a kindergarten teacher.
I want to go to foreign countries and thought that Macao is good for me because of the language and the money.
After that, I listened to music.
I have several compulsory duties [compulsory already means 'which I must do'].
I awaken and I am very tired, totally exhausted from it.
There is a phrase in Korean like, ``Men have only three chances to cry``.
I must keep calm in front of my subordinates, so I had to find somewhere they couldn't hear and see my weakness.
It's very peaceful because everything fell asleep... except for me.
It publicises itself as 'L' ife is 'G' ood.
Of course, since it's only a semester-long course, it's not enough to cover all the problems there are, but it still can give a general impression on how complex and interesting this area of engineering is.
I wonder if foreigners have a difficult time trying to speak Korean too.
Today (Japanese???) I watched Tonari no Totoro by GHIBLI on TV
But I'm cheering Daisuke Takahashi!! (?)
If you have some good advice for me and find my errors, please tell me, I will thank you for visiting my blog!
I couldn't understand it completely, due to its historical background. After seeing the movie, I want to know the history of Spanish.
This morning, I watched the movie (called) 'Beautiful Mind.'
I like to drink alcohol; beer and Shochu are the best.
I started writing a Japanese diary entry.
I started writing a Japanese diary entry the day before yesterday.
Because I was not interested in all of my studies in those days,
Now, I saw many people studying Japanese on this site, so I was growing more interested about Japanese.
I decided to start writing a Japanese diary.
I think that studying foreign languages will be one of my hobbies.
In the case of a movie or TV, the actor's speech is very fast, so I can't catch on normally.
Today, I joined a local soccer club.
One Aussie guy was already sitting on the grass.
It was so great, and it was Rock 'n Roll!
I think there are a lot of good things about the bus here. I mean, most of the time they are clean, they have a system for people in wheel chairs, and they are big.
That day we played card games and chatted about summer plans.
Then we decided to go to the Taipei Water Park together.
It was not very exciting but interesting.
I like computers and the internet, and have& nbsp; read many books about& nbsp; them, such as The Microsoft Word by Bill Gates, The top of the wave by Wujun.
The dead languages.
We could not finish the work we planned on doing, because the customer got the wrong program.
The weather is very hot here.
Hard schedule.
I feel I'm lucky and I want to take care of care my daily life.
Mia has no father, because her parents had divorced.
Many of our friends came and we had a good time.
I wish one day I could be an excellent teacher as they are now.
What we should do is respect them and try to improve their lives.
Yesterday, while I was on YouTube site, I found nice hip hop groups in Japan.
My major was international relations especially East Asia, as an undergraduate and graduate.
(It's new expression for me!)
``This is a kind of fundamental soy bean....``
We received a present from the science club!
Her voice didn't sound as lovely as it used to.
I waited 3 hours for my mother to comehome.
In the hall, I listened to the lectures about which course to take in the future by two
medical interns.
I'm so worried about which course to take in future that these lectures are
I've been longing to make freiends all over the world and enjoy chatting and spending a lot of fun time with them.
Avril Lavigne is my favourite singer.
And Japanese is prohibited from now on. ``It was a surprise attack.
Although most students were calm, a few were shaking.
The notion I was not alone comforted me somewhat.
I will post some essays in the future and I hope anyone who reads my essay gives me some suggestions.
I spent one day playing with and taking care of my adorable niece.
I will import the CDs to my WALKMAN tomorrow and I will listen to the music every day.
Who are your favorite musicians?
But this quake became strong and someone shouted.
I have worked with DSK in Korea before,
I am sending our main products list as attached.
Thus, I think it is natural that parents are the best teachers.
It's so difficult for me to use English in my surroundings.
I live deep in the mountains where there are no people who use English.
We came back from Boston late on Sunday, so we could pick her up on the way back to home, but the kennnel wasn't open last Sunday and Monday for pick-up, due to Memorial Day.
First, I saw the Japanese style armors.
For example, some armors seem brave, some dignified and some intellectual.
The weather forecast said, ``Pay attention to heavy rain till tomorrow morning.``
Actually, the previous article I wrote was never corrected.
What kind of problems can this cause?
If people live in other countries, they would experience the difference.
Connecting a city road system to make other free travel moreeasily and more quickly than stets and roads congested with many singing andlight bus stop.
Today it's rained so ~ ~ ~ ~ much!
but it rained, so I could not go out.
what happened today:)
I saw a TV program about the new year's marathon while getting ready for going out.
Just the diaries of a stupid gril. that is nothing special.
This is because the light reflected off the water bottles repels the cats.
I think that is interesting.
Sports bicycles are expensive so it is necessary to be careful when selecting a bicycle parking lot.
And I guess electric toothbrushes make my teeth more clean than manual brushing.
I suddenly realized that it was time to pull myself together despite my parents 'broken marriage, and focus on studying again.
My friends taught me how to use the computer well.
While we were going home, we tried to speak only English nistead of Japanese.
Although our conversation proceeded slowly, I thought that it was good idea!
I feel the differences between two sentences.
But I cannot explain the differences clearly.
I am in a ELD (English language development) class. If my English improves, I will take some science classes because I want to go to a good university.
However, I don't remember what it is about or how good it is.
I practiced playing this song today:)
Today, I dropped by a glasses store and bought a pair of sunglasses for my use on a short trip the day after tomorrow.
Tomorrow, I will wash my car with my elder daughter for the purpose of a short trip.
Then, I thought I'd study English words while reading book.
Is there a book that you can recommend for beginner.
Do you know a book which you'd recommend for a biginner?
Actually, we all felt that way.
'cause I believe that to do one's best is important and valuable.
I'm not a genius, I'm just a normal person..
^ ^ but maybe I can do it.
speaking of methods of studying English,
I believe that Lang-8 is very effective and addition, it's free of charge.
usually I would work out, before swimming lessons, but I didn't do them today,
I rarely have an opportunity to work with foreigners, so it is a prime opportunity for me!
I LOVED THAT!
The temple was good to see and Seokgatap in the temple, which was constructed in the mid-eighth century was simple, but had a good balance.
The homework is to read a book written in English, and write about the setting, summary, and my impression of the book.
: quoted from ``Pay It Forward``.
He allowed me to, so I called my mom to pick me up to go to the hospital.
Italian restaurant
Yesterday I went to an Italian restaurant famous for organic vegetables in Ginza.
Theoretically, Indonesia is located in a strategic position.
And they were touched by beauty of Korea's traditional house.
Now it is nearly 6: 00AM.
Perhaps, it will shock everyone.
I hope my poor words can describe it clearly.
What's more? eah... wait for me to have a dream tonight
2 days ago, at Yoyogi park, I drank with my friend.
I was completely drunk and fell asleep on a bench in the park.
By having this faith, I have the confidence to face the next challenge presented to me and I am not afraid of facing problems.
Second, I want to go to my home in Hiroshima prefecture.
I look forward to reading my diary after it's corrected!
In the future, I will take more time to read, because I like reading very much, and I want to have more knowledge about all over the world.
The job is difficult but it brings me a sense of fulfillment.
movies, news, novels, grammar, diaries, travel news and so on.
hello, it's the first day I came here. I'd like to make friends with everyone.
I have to work hard for the meeting of our project in Sep.
In China, finding a good job is very hard, in New Zealand it is 't so hard than China, but it's not easy.
When I missed getting off of a bus and was concerned whether I could get to my home safely, the bus driver made the effort to make sure I got home safely.
It is that the weather in Seattle is very changeable.
I miss my country's family, friends and food but I know there are lots of interesting things in Seattle.
So I hope you can correct my wrong expressions.
we are gonna go watch the musical ``the lion king``:]
Recently I got a new job.
I am not sure if they do drugs like drug addicts or if they just did it once, because I heard it from someone else that I hardly even know.
So I decided I want to ask them face to face if they are drug addicts or if they are dangerous, because I don't want to bejudgmental, talking behind their backs.
I want to make a friend!
I have friends in the UK and we exchange emails with each other but I make mistakes all the time.
I will write my journal and emails which I want to send my friends.
I enjoyed many experience, such as Mekong river cruise, long tunnel of Cuchi, and shopping.
They have food that goes with drinks, such as fried rice, grilled fish, and Chicken karaage.
This September, I will be promoted to a position that requires me to fill out a lot of documents.
Please resolve my question.
I've finally finished school test last week.
I challenge secondary level so I want to improve my English.
Yes, my handle name comes from the from famous musician Jaco Pastorius.
I was very surprised, because his sound was very unique and very interesting.
I like learning languages, so I interviewed with a foreign exchange company.
A little bird
We used to be more talkative.
Reference:
The teacher said we can read together in 6 months to a year. (half or a year.
Or what do you recommend?
I'm a beginner so please recommend easy ones! XD
So I buy a fiction named ``the Lost Symbol`` which written by Dan Brown, one of my favorite writer.
Hence, I am not good at speaking and listening English.
How should I study to be able to speak and listen to English better?
I felt refreshed after a 90 minute nap.
Ican have breakfast for a half of the day, reading lj and planning something for theday.
Before I posted it to twitter I had deleted it by accident.
Do you know that Japanese mobile phones are very high quality and have many functions so they are very expensive items?
I have heard that there are simple mobile phones for average users and kind of pda for heavy users in foreign countries.
My Japanese colleagues are morons, nobody can speak English well except for Seki-san.
I am going to take the test in February.
Now sixteen years later I still take time off of work and study to play it very often.
I've never had formal training or a coach.
But I believe I have a gift for this! Yesterday I found a website which has many people that live in my city who love this sport.
Also: according to past experiences, the attendees are mostly professors, NGO staff, governmental associates, and university students who are related with this subject.
Despite yesterday's continuous rain, the sky was completely clear.
I cleaned my room a little because it's nearly the end of the year.
You are a worker of a large supermarket.
Maybe your supervisor has a trouble informing something to all the workers.
Because the supermarket is very big.
When I listen to music through headphones a little loudly, sometimes I feel I am in my own small universe.
It has become cold these days, so I bought oil for the air heater.
However, I couldn't use it because the pump to pour the oil into the tank of the heater was broken.
A raccoon on the balcony
It was very surprising to see a raccoon on the balcony!
Well, I'm living on the second floor, so it's a big question about how he could get here.
I like it when I touch the keyboard for the first time.
However, the typhoon is coming to Tokyo and will be here soon.
I was surprised by this number, because the iPhone, which is the largest competitor to the Nexus One, had sold over two hundred and fifty thousand in first week, according to this article.
My dad is the most ugly man in the world. I hate him hate him so much, what a horrible man he is. We hardly ever talk, and we are always angry when we speak more than 6 words, so I prefer to talk with a stranger than to him.
I have been satisfied with this vacation.
As a result, my study is prompted sufficiently.
I am a grade one university student now. I've studied for two months.
How foolish I am.
everybody has different plans& dreams in the their college life, I want to be a business man in the future and have my own company.
That journal was written by a japanese person.
I eat donuts and drink coffee, of course.
I finished a chinese character's homework during break time.
When I took a bath with my younger daughter last night, she asked me, ``Can I get a baby with my tummy?`` She is 9 years old, a little chubby but watches her weight.
My American friend told me that she had a friend in Australia and we found out that her friend was a student at the university where I will take an English course.
After words, l went back to my home and watched the movie ``Butterfly Effect 3``.
I like to have a my own garden where I can plant some vegetables and herbs, set up a table outdoors so I can read and relax
In addition, another advantage of living in a house, it is much quiet than an apartment.
However, there are also some advantages to live in an apartment, such as better location, cheaper rental then a house, close to public transports and variety of facilities from the apartment, For example, a bigger swimming pool, Gyms, theaters and a security system which is very important of our properties safety.
I wanna study science in a university.
I like science very much.
But then I realize that I'll never learn how to if I don't make these mistakes, even if I get embarrassed because of them.
I lost my mobile at a bus stop.
It is certainly a new way of communication which we did not have some years ago that provides possibilities not available before.
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure which of course can be found in other very old examples of our societies.
The brain of that computer is composed of 2 Bubble-Core CPUs.
I believe I can do it by Mac.
Short time ago I read my acquaintance's diary in mixi talking about lang-8.
There are three words which mean the same thing as ``result`` lol!
I met one of my friends who I have been best friends with since we were high school students.
I had a pleasant time ^ ^
He has a very global philosophy.
They talk everyday in lovely voices.
If you are free, please check my sentenses.
The theme of the lesson today is net play and practicing volley.
ever since I came to this school, I have kept telling myself never
Actually one of co-workers is complaining about her cuz she is strict on everything like cleaning, manual and so on.
Sometimes I really like to live here, but I feel sad often.
In October of last year, I went to a Chinese restaurant in Fort Lee with my friend and her five-year-old daughter.
Nevertheless, my friend kept telling me that they served delightful meals/ dishes, especially shrimp dumplings and wonton soup.
I didn't understand what she meant by that phrase.
She replied, ``I said it's my treat.`` I was confused, but I finally got the meaning.
When I was a high school student, I learnt it/ learned it as ``Be my guest.``
Trip to India! Please correct my diary
I hope the nuclear emissions will be stopped as soon as possible!
Are these three the right expressions?
I can talk to mny people.
So, I can/ get to learn some English from them.
I watched a debate between Toshinao Sasaki and Son Masayoshi on Ustream.
Sasaki guesses reform would need an application layer before rebuilding an infrastructure layer.
Math question
Let me talk again about my rubbish story.
I feel more comfortable in them than shoes. ``
Please tell me the differences between these two sentences,
I received a picture card from a male friend of mine.
He is an architecture, designer, gardener, and a ceramist.
He has a broad mind and he is an independent person.
He grows rice and vegetables for his own needs.
I want him to get married and have a family.
Besides, I have to admit that I am a playful boy.
However, I think that I will have fun with lang-8 as I am interacting with people on the world on the web!!
on the other hand, I don't believe that I am loved
And let me know if you have any recommendations for places/ food etc in Ho Chi Minh city.
such as Manga, Music, Snowboard, food etc.
Recipe for ``Okonomiyaki`` is very easy.
But this food is very delicious. ``Okonomiyaki`` is a local dish in Osaka.
So I took an aspirin and it went away.
Without a doubt, Obama got what he wanted.
Will Martin say his dream come true when he hears of this news up in heaven?
not attack China as much as before, this has made Chinese people observe the two candidates in a more objective way.
I don't use the air conditioner and every night feels so hot.
My favorite season is Autumn.
So I didn't go to my English school and cancelled my trip to Nagoya....
Fortunately, the job is finished at the end of this month ~ Then I am going to travel to Hokkaido.
I have stayed in another Joy for a really short time [?], and I left there because of an event that I could not endure.
I am so happy to join this site. Thanks in advance to all of you who help me.
Today I was drawing a lot of pictures.
because I had an appointment with my friend.
In my living memory, I've never seen someone who can survive without the help of nutrients that are mainly provided by food.
It's no wonder someone in Japan brings up this subject although we don't need to be worried about our food for the time being unless something irksome affects the food markets.
Therefore my brother temporarily adopted the stray, who is more loving and well-behaved than my own puppy.
Today was an ordinary day.
I woke up and went to university, a part time job at starbucks and then home.
I think Oden is a uniqe Japanese food.
It is an easy to cook and economical meal.
I have no idea about grammar... and vocab...
But, my English is my biggest problem...
We ate Okinawan cuisine together.
I go to work almost every day so it seems a little bit hard but it is fun to work with my coworkers, and I have to earn money for my working holiday, so this noodle shop is the best place I've worked so far.
I arrived at my first destination, Montreal, two days ago.
And due to the distance from Toronto, the time zone between two was plus one hour on Toronto time zone.
I misread it as she was good be born as good cooking person.
Thinking in foreign languages.
In addition, when I encounter daily things, I have started to describe daily events.
But Japanese's advantages, as it may seem, is a paradox.
If I have my own house, I would like to try ``DIY``:).
Maybe I was gradually becoming Chinese?
Greeting with strangers is a wonderful habit.
Today is the Lantern Festival which I love very much.
The story comes from a manga in a magazine for adults.
Watashi wa Torukojin desu.
It is one of the most popular attractions, but I was able to ride it soon, I only waited 5 min.
I managed to ride 12 attractions and Splash Mountain was the best of all of them.
I wanted to ride Space Mountain but it was closed because of maintenance.
The electrical parade was sooooo beautiful!!!
When I got home, I still felt as if I were riding roller coaster.
I will talk about the advantages and disadvantages of a computer because I want talk about the advantages.
About the disadvantages:
At first, I thought I just had a hangover.
I should stop working and go home right now....
And I'm sure that I sounded funny and awkward because I just created most of the expressions right off the top of my head.
although the first price is changes, my expectation isn't changed.
I'm waiting for May for my travels to begin.
In the beginning of our relationship, he made me dinner that consisted of fried meat and instant mashed potatoes.
Honeycomb& hive
Here in my city there are a lot of buildings, and there are also a lot of museums and parks. Our problem is that in other years you could walk across the streets free, without problems. Now, at this time, it is imposible because of security problems.
Barcelona.
Faced agaist Real Madrid.
I went back tomy seat and drank the coffee.
My part-time job is from 3 times to 1 time per week.
congratulations!
and today is our dormitory festival!
I'm a dormitory student council member.
As a result, I registered an account immediately and began to look for some friends whose goals or hobbies are similar to mine.
There is an exam about house building in October.
So far I don't miss Japanese food very much because there is a large Chinese supermarket in the neighborhood. I can get vegetables, fish, tofu, soy sauce and many things to cook for myself.
I really regret not going to my college reunion!
I missed my college reunion.
Which is more popular in your country?
Today I changed my cellular phone to a BlackBerry.
Of course, including ``Lang-8`` to improve my English skill.
However it is a dilemma.
but the recruter is going to come soon.
I like to focus on my feelings.
A podcast is a free internet service that supplies you with numerous topics in various languages.
People that host podcasts for beginners speak about/ on topics at a slower pace.
If you don't use podcasts, then I strongly recommend that you use them.
Even so, I believe that Podcasts are still a very effective way to learn a foreign language.
Recently, I've been going to an English Conversation school on the weekdays.
she spoke to me in a clear voice, and she knows a little Japanese because she lives in Tokyo.
Rather than that, it seemed to be from novice to an intermediate level.
My name is Akito. I am18 years old and am a University student. I live in Shizuoka in Japan. Mt, Fuji is in Shizuoka. Why then, do you know Okinawa in Japan? I l lived in Okinawa before I moved to Shizuoka. I love Okinawa. There are many great things such as the clear blue sea, very delicious fruits, and native animals.
By the way, I want to study abroad after two years for learn Engish and a different culture. But, I am troubled about where I should go. My senior advised me to go to America or Australia. In his opinion, in America, American English is spoken and in Australia, British English is spoken. So I should select them. Where do you think I should go?
I have little time to study because work began.
I'd like to introduce my hometown.
It is the tallest mountain in Kyushu.
It takes 1 hour and 10 minutes to get there from Yakushima airport.
I'm studying art at Zhongyang Meishu Xueyuan (CAFA).
Outside of art, I like shopping,_ play the trumpet, guitar, piano,_ studying languages,_ taking pictures, cooking, watching movies, etc.
Encantadade conocerle.
Today is Saturday.
I got up early in the morning and did some exercises with my mom in the park.
Since last year, I have been studying economics for a civil service examination. (Sounds better.)
I thought that might be why I can't be good at it.
Today, An unpleasant thing happened,, One of orthodontic appliances came off.
I have to go and see the Orthodontist tomorrow.
brilliant.
Recently I can talk with them more smoothly than before, so I had thought my speaking skill is growing!!!
But in fact, their listening skill is growing:D
I attended the wedding party.
I wear contact lenses instead), umbrellas, scarfs, jewelry and so on.
Even at home, many things disappear, so I'm always looking for something.
Yesterday I watched the movie Blood Diamond on the internet.
The story is about a diamond smuggler (Leonardo DiCaprio played this role) who meets a fisherman by accident.
Christmas Party
However, I also know technologies have been changing very fast and the cost of the products are decreasing quickly so I decided to buy middle range products.
I am satisfied.
However, there are a lot of blog sites, which is the best?
At that time, there was a doctor on the train and he was OK.
Anyway I think that they shouldn't learn bad Italian words especially because what it is said could be very hurtful in your mother tongue.
Since I finished my Chinese writing assignment at school
It is very thrilling and fun!
He looked fatter and he said ``Singaporean food is very nice!``
Certainly, Singaporean food is so good!
Ofcourse we took a picture together and after that we had a dinner in a thai restaurant which alongs the Singaporean river.
Maybe I should go to bed earlier.
Have you decided what presents to give your friends and family?
The website said they sent exams result out last Wednesday.
Today, two people didn't attend lab because they had a cold.
Now, people are catching colds easily because the season is changing from summer to fall in Japan.
You should take care of yourself too.
English is very difficult
Another song ``Kidz`` sung by Take That has (their) MV on the Youtubetoo.
According to the theories of the great psychologists, I analyzed myself, encouraged myself, and enlightened myself.
Actually it tastes good but sushi as raw fish on the rice is definitely better ~:)
I watch Kobe Bryant the most.
We ate many hamburgers because we were very hungry.
(But this was a big mistake.)
But the problem is my cousin seems like a mysophobiac.
I baked chocolate pie and apple pie in the afternoon.
I'm preparing for a college entrance examination because next year I will attend a college for further study.
So my resolution is to continue buying lotteries in order to pay for the expenses.
But I try my best to help those who are learning Chinese.
So that's the first diary that I publish here.
Moreover, doing chorus in class brings them together.
Each one feels he or she is a member of the class and through singing they bond with their classmates.
Apart from preparing for studying examinationand learning capacity examination.
Moreover, it will be more fun than studying by myself.
Second, I often help my friend who studies better than I do with my favorite subjects, except (?) for English such as writing, reading, etc.
When I was a high school student, I had a rival to increase my studying skills.
Finally, studying with classmates will give me great opportunities to make a lot of friends who like to study with others.
I could get used to working with many companies who can give me some kind of advice to run the company.
For these reasons, I prefer studying with friends rather than studying alone.
Hello,
I want to practice my writing skill, so I entered this SNS.
What are your favorite chatting tools? QQ or MSN?
We got together to celebrate the day.
I just smiled and said ``Mom I'll get married this year!``
I might have dreamed, but I couldn't remember. But it gave me a headache.
I haven't finished writing new year's cards yet.
I may need to have a nerve extracted if I feel any pain today.
I want to speak English.
I put it into my computer, then my Media Player showed ``under construction`` as the title of the CD.
I would like to learn real English.
The lesson of this story is that if you invest in artist's works, you should research the age and health condition of the artist.
I wanna know many countries and talk to diferent people, know different cultures not from tv, but in real life.
in the picture above is the city that I live in, the upperview is so beautiful!
And now I'm officially on vacation, so I've decided come back home for one month, with my mom and younger bro.
Then I will exert myself to study.
This is a very encouraging animation, so I recommend you guys watch it!
There is very very small pond in my garden.
I (previously) mentioned that I wanted to watch Inception.
It was a very complicated story, but because my English teacher had told me the basic story, I could almost (/ just about) follow the story.
I'm proud that Japanese actor Ken Watanabe plays an important role.
I felt that a typhoon carried something adventurous.
I think it is difficult.
And It is easy to find people who are you looking for.
But it was blamed by many mixi users and it was callapse just one day.
I guess I want to comunicate with friends who study language.
(In Japan, it has become popular for people, especailly business workers, to get together and study in the morning.
I surely depend on my iPhone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is really nice day for me, because this morning I found some money in front of my house.
The motorcycle came to my home, I don't have a license for motorcycles over 400cc yet.
I like something simple, so my favorite coffee is an americano.
The owner of the cafe is very kind, the price is not expensive.
It is mysterious.....
I have difficulty explaining the rules in English, so you may not understand.
Today, it was extremely cold!!
Students at many universities in Japan are required to study a foreign language, usually English.
I succeeded in comunicating with them because English was spoken.
Today I had a graduation exam and missed many questions.
I always have trouble keeping up with the rhythm,
The story is about a woman who travels to Italy, India, and Bali (in Indonesia).
So I'm a bit nervous but I am looking forward to studying English here!
I think language is very important, because who study various languages has more opportunities.
I have two favourite books.
I am sorry about that.), Chamber of Secrets, Prisoner of Azkaban, Goblet of Fire, Order of the Phoenix, Half-blood Prince, and Deathly Hallows.
Dumbledore is the principal of the magic-school, named Hogwarts.
I envy the author's imagination.
And he wrote a very awful letter like 'I won't thank you for the present.
I'm looking forward to it.
As an English teacher I should encourage students to write more so that they can review and grasp the knowledge well, such as words, phrases and sentence structure.
Of course, teachers themselves must have a good understanding of grammar and expressions so that they can give students right and instant correction.
When a typhoon comes, elementary schools are closed.
HELLO!!
In this way, autonomous enrollment is a good additional procedure for College Entrance Examination.
For another, College Entrance Examination is a only way for students to enter College before emergence of autonomous enrollment.
Therefore, Autonomous enrollment is beneficial for students to do their best.
Taking into account of all these factors, we can draw the conclusion that Autonomous enrollment is necessary not only for universities, but students as well.
I have a good Korean friend.
He in on doctrinal course.
I went to a Korean restaurant.
Additionally, I learned about many delicious foreign dishes when I came here because there are many foreign restaurants here.
My favorite foods are Thai food, Korean food, and hamburgers.
Korean food is a little bit similar to Japanese food, so I like it.
I love green curry because it tastes spicy and sweet.
I think American food is more yummy than Japanese food.
Because of this, my weight increases little by little, but I enjoyed today's lunch.
These rights guarantee equality without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex,
Because of it imported goods become cheaper.
At the same time, I have started to learn Japanese so that I can watch Japanese T. V. programs.
I'm a Korean college student.
But it will cost about 50 trillion yen to realize this plan, so it is supposed that the consumption tax will be raised by 4%, health insurance premiums will be raised by 2% and premiums for nursing-care insurance for over 65 will be doubled.
It's made from roast cereals and doesn't contain any caffeine.
My favourite music! Part 2
my first entry here
nighttime, I either went to the library or had a walk with friends on
the athlete grounds for more than two hours to practice our cantonese
going to skate together.
However, the service industry is really interesting.
The dishes were very delicious, but I got the same dishes also 1 month before.
There was a dramatic change in the youngest group, but the two other groups showed gradual increases as well.
He was very the one who had been teaching me and keeping me safe before the accident happened.
How can I make her like memorizing words?
This picture is our national flag.
It is a peaceful country.
We welcome you!
We ordered chicken dishes.
I have to buy a ticket, pay travel expenses, and book a hotel.
I'll spend much money this summer.
When you draw natural things like trees, stones or clouds it doesn't matter how the line goes.
I bought theipod touch with 64GBs, because I want to download a lot of audio books for now.
Still there seems to be a pile of arduous tasks in front of us.
My phone rang [past simple] at 0 o 'clock hmhm a new message is the first in my day.
We could enjoyed karaoke more than ever.
cooking is splendid.
As commander in chief, the game user has to manage money, resources, supplies, equipment, military forces in order to command an space army and defeat the enemy.
So I want to see a lot of things, and talk to some people.
This trip will be a great pleasure for me.
Ramadan is coming, so I will have a lot of time to stay at home and do nothing.
Today, I will try to think about the ways of studying.
So some people say a way of studying is good, but other people say this method is bad.
I have read dozens of books about ways of studying.
Because this journal is really long, I will write a concrete way of studying tomorrow.
She is studying and works now too and she is paid about 500 $ a month.
Yesterday, I received my TOEIC results.
Hello, I am tdesesk. I am from Spain and I am learning English to speak with my friends and to understand people when I go to other countries.
because he always talk big and he is mean.
2 yolks in my bowl, every morning.
It is an international and professional organization. The members can improve their speaking skills by giving speeches.
I hope someday I will be able to talk fluently in front of the public without tension:D
Other than that, we also need to turn in (or submit) a group project assignment of 15 pages and have one group presentation and one individual oral presentation.
Yesterday, I signed up for the correspondence course.
The contents of the course consists of hearing English for 1000 hours in a year.
According to the explanation of the course, it is generally said that about 1000 hours are required to get used to hear foreign language accurately.
The course costed about Fifty thousand yen.
It was not low but I could pay for it by the welfare program which my company are offered to me!
The course will begin in next month.
I feel nervous right now.
But I have no idea how to stand out during the interview.
I'm so nervous....
So praise God I can take the class, and hopefully everything will be okay until the end of the semester.
Well, even though it is September, it's scorching hot today.
They are so strange!
If I will go to oversea, I would like to see monument!
I think there are so many monuments that are fashionable, and strange in other countries:)
Today I discovered an amazing work of art and a good artist.
I think that his artwork is miraculous and beautiful.
When I went out for work, the temperature was only-10 degrees.
I usually work until 5: 00 PM from 8: 00 AM.
I understand now why I couldn't write anything; it was because my motivation came from showing off/ looking good to other people, not from a desire to express my creativity.
ESL Podcasts are for English beginners and it's easy to listen to their pronunciation.
I went to my University this morning.
To be a telemarketer for the day.
The topic was ``No smoking at work``.
Repeating the same questions again and again was repetitive.
First I want to learn English, so if you want to help me I will be very grateful.:)
The first people who take paid leave (days off?) in 1936 go camping and dance the tango under the windows of a british manor.
Another reality makes trouble in the manor: the influx of foreigners coming from Germany to escape the Nazis.
This happiness disappears because of the agitated defenders of Occident.
Studying English and massage
She has a nice body and beautiful legs.
We're tumbling together, to get more clear that what is tender
Although it might be tiny numbers compared to the US market, we've begun to rent or purchase movies via the internet.
Today is a very comfortable/ pleasant/ nice day,
hello, I'm interested in learning english but it's very difficult for me...
I'm learning English and Japanese.
I want to speak English and Japanese better>-<I think I should study more!
My lunch today is fried rice and fruit.
The leaves change their color to red in November.
I have many dreams.
I think all are future tense.....
I woke up in a very good mood, but the sand in the wind was very strange. A strange wind blew the sand in the air, although it was not much sand so I could still see the sun. But the sky changed to gray. That was the first time I have seen sand in the air.
Tehehe.
He is an English teacher at the institute where I'm teaching.
The answer is a Japanese ceremony.
Japanese children are wearing western clothes usually.
but now the 753 ceremony is more simple.
I'm afraid Japanese traditional ceremonies are smaller than old times.
since I opened this web page last time lol
I don't know what bad translations are.
v Valentine's Day.
Of course, I'm included.
It made my taste change spicy!
Ater that we enjoyed shopping and became tired, so we went a cafe.
After hiking, we went to a Japanese Sushi restaurant in Oakland.
On July 24th, an earthquake with a seismic intensity of upper 6 occurred in Iwate prefecture.
Fortunately, building damages were small.
I decided to translate a short story (well, actually it's not that short!) by Somerset Maugham ``The force of circumstance``.
But for my dismay right now I can remember only one of them.
Reading these books helps me learn English, but it is bad for the store if I never buy them.
Electronics supply store
I was happy just looking and imagining what life would be like with them.
The surgery was about 20 minutes or so.
There were 6 or 7 pieces.
He cleaned and sterilized it.
I'm OK now, but every time I eat something, food gets stuck in there and I feel very uncomfortable.
The reason is, first of all, that he has a lot of knowledge about architecture that he is always willing to pass on to his students.
However, in fact, I don't know, and I'm afraid about the exam next year.
About The Canadian International Dragon Boat Festival.
Dragon boating appeared in Vancouver as a demonstration sport at-Expo 86.
The people raced out in their fish boats and used their oars to keep the fish and water dragons away from his body.
But it so exciting to know something about a foreign education system.
I felt English was really interesting!!
So, I wanted to become a customer service agent at the airport.
I am learning English and Chinese now.
It is funny for me to watch stars while thinking about myths.
When I try to charge on a customer's credit card, I call a company called 'Authorization Centre' in Japanese in order to get the transaction number from the company.
I'm studying Japanese teaching and I want to live in a foreign country.
Recentry I studied English hard to improve my TOEIC score.
These suicide bombings have taken place universaly so the United Nations officals felt obliged to investigate. The situations told by witnesses who claimed to have seen the incident were extraordinarily similar.
Though I'm not a follower of the press celebrity, when daily we are harassed by bad news, a wedding does stand out from the rather mortifying current events which surround us.
What makes them so fanatic? As I grew up, I became a little bit Buddhist-minded, but I have not practiced any of the disciplines.
HE IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE SINGERS I TO LISTEN EVEN THOUGH IT HAS BEEN JUST 1 WEEK SINCE I FOUND HIM ON YOUTUBE.
SINCE I 'M NOT INTERESTED IN LISTENING TO MUSIC, I JUST TRY TO IGNORE THEM.
IF I HAD TO DECIDE ON HIS BEST SONG AMONG ALL OF HIS BEAUTIFUL SONGS, I WOULD CHOSE ``BETTER TODAY`` INSTEAD OF JUSTIN BIEBER WHO I LIKED BEFORE UNTIL MY FRIENDS SAID ``NO WAY!!!!``.
I find it is very difficult thing to do.
In fact, I have a new dog two weeks ago!
Despite his tiredness, it took a long time for Shu to fall asleep, which made me exhausted.
It is my wish that children become fond of mathematics in the future.
But, I'm a little worried if I'll be able to when I'm hungover.
They were so delicious.
Have a good night! Thank you.
When I rode home, the breeze smelled so sweet and amiable that I felt just like a bird, soaring freely in the sky.
This election was my first big election.
I think it's a very big event and it is just a normal thing too.
And I saw a TV drama on PC.
We drank champagne and beer.
We requested songs and drank some champagne.
Sentence structure and grammar are very important when we write.
I hope this article is mostly correct.
I bought Drano yesterday.
Why are you waiting until it fails? ``
A few days ago, I was really confident and believed I could do everything. I could even act like a well-known actress.
I want my mum or my close friend to hug me whether I do well or not.
I have just started to write a diary on Lang-8 today.
But I don't have self-confidence with letters.
A good friend.
I have a good friend, an e-pal, but I treat her as my friend.
She is an interesting person, I wonder whether the word ``interesting`` is right or not to describe people, lol.
Although I am older than herI think we will be really good friends,
I thought tomorrow is Saturday, so I don't have to work, but my customer said ``Let's have a meeting tomorrow.``.
I should have watched them before going there.
If you have kids, you can bring them there to join the story-telling event.
When I chatted with my American friend about a Japanese hologram idol, Hatsune Miku, over Skype yesterday, he sent me two very funny video clips from YouTube.
I am Ukrainian, but I live in Russia.
Ergo Proxy, Texhnolyze, Ghost in The Shell (I like movies more), Witch Hunter Robin
It is an illustration of girls dancing a fula.
A for a long time that it was not correct, because a cunjunction must be used in the middle of the sentence.
but I don't know what to write.
This movie didn't meet/ satisfy my expectations, but it's still a good movie.
We may be as happy as can be to read the books which our favorite writers wrote or are about what we are interested in during the long nights in this most comfortable season.
There was an old man& nbsp; waiting there, too.
It is the UEFA champion's league.
So I am writing a diary and killing time.
I hope the drinking party will be over in a few minutes.
I have been learning English for five years and I have no one to communicate with in English.
I want to go to Canada to study English.
I was at sea this summer the first time.
Today, I thought of a difficult grammatical concept.
Today, the water supplyin our neighbourhood was
I want to try a lot of things actively in this year.
We cosplayed as KOF, a popular Japanese fighting computer game, and placed third in the Beijing area.
If I wanna make a foreign friend I must command this language.
Today when I woke up and brushed my hair, I found a part of my hair was tangled badly.
Finally, I used the brush to comb my hair again and this time I was able to brush it through.
I am proud of the workers who are working at to solve the nuclear power plant disaster.
In Fukushima, although they are working hard, there is still no electricity.
both residents and Japanese nationals.
The rocks would be slippery and waves would be high, so we decided to cancel it.
My English grades are still very bad.
I'm Japanese and university student in Kyoto which is the most historical city in Japan. I'm majoring in cultural anthoropology.
Simply put, it's comparing a culture with other cultures in a historical context. For example, if I study about a festive, I have to inspect the place, the history, and refer to certian books.
Hm, it's difficult to explain exactly. Anybody could possibly be ``otaku``.
This theme is very challenging for me because the investigation of the matter is still under way.
When I was a junior high school student, The Beatles 'best album`` One ``went on sale/ was released.
It broadcasted The Beatles 'promotion videos,`` Yesterday ``,`` Let it be ``and so on.
To be honest, it was not great of a festival, but if it hadn't been rainy, I would have enjoyed very much.
I uploaded a new picture as my avatar.
her class's new teacher came.
She said that she was planning to visit eight students.
She stayed at my home for only fifteen minutes.
The result was that there were two wins and two losses, so it was draw.
Their performance, music, jokes and colorful atmosphere were wonderful!:)
'You'll get fat!', they said and laughed at me.
If I had to pickjust one, I would choose honoras the most important characteristicI want in a friend.
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
As a result, I can learn English Language from native speakers with the use of a new internet service technology.
Yesterday an accident happened in my train.
In summer time, sex crimes on trains happen sometimes.
But if his company knew about it, He would be fired.
I am going to an outlet shop in Gotenba, Sizuoka prefecture, today.
I lived there until graduating from high school, after I left Hokkaido afterward.
I felt very thankful to my professor.
So, I studied Chinese.
Chinese is very difficult.
going fishing, taking a bath at the onsen, and swimming at the sea.
I will challenge this new job!!
Today I ate ``Abekawa mochi`` with my American friend at a garden of Shinto shrine.
We are saved by your warm heart.
Please call me okinawa.
I have graduated from Shenyang Airspace University in july, I majored in Japanese.
Can someone to search this book's English version?
So my studying has been very very poor.
spicy foods& cat's tongue
``I watched TV and learned that it's because the tongue's movement
People who have cat's tongue cannot avoid the part of the tongue which can sense the heat the best when we eat something hot.
They end up touch something hot by that part of the tongue which senses the heat the best.
The problem is the way the tongue moves. ``
My favorite recipe
I have some favorite recipes.
Of them, my most favorite recipe is acooked dish with beef and vegetables.
The trick of tasty food is entering spices which are Soy-sauce, Japanese-Sake and a Japanese spice called ``Mirin``.
I have been going to driving shool since February.
It is Valentine's Day!
because it's my mother in laws birthday.
I hope my wishes are granted.
I like to watch TV. I like watching ``Spongebob Squarepants`` but I don't like Spongebob, I like Patrick. He's so cute.
Rainy day.
I'm very happy because I wanted to learn English in more proper way.
It was raining heavily today.
many things about my life on rainy days.
That factory makes toilet paper from using recycled paper.
I think that much water is needed to make the paper and
recycling is very important for a sustainable society.
Of course they asked us questions like what is life, what is die and what is a family.
Because the temperature of 37. 2 degree C in Taipei, was too hot to me.
In Nepal, many people consider it bad luck.
I learn linguistics at a university.
The languages I learn are English, Chinese and Korean.
It's hard to pronounce...
There are many girls in my course, but please don't get jealous of me.
About Architecture
I answered: There are some issues remain to be solved.
It was with whipped [?] cream and chocolate sauce.
(I watched ``My Cousin Vinny`` last night.
Burger King
but a few years ago there was no store in Japan,
I understand about a half of this radio program,
It's very good program for beginners in English.
This first restaurant is a traditional Korean restaurant that serves a style of Royal court food (that is) inherited from 500 years a ago, with the main ingredients being fresh seafood and seasonal food.
Since 1988, this Chinese restaurant has run for 20 years because of it's clean sanitation, fresh ingredients, and, by extension, delicious dishes.
Moa is the best restaurant for your health and extending your life with our refined and various Jeonbok dishes that are good for your body.
I went to Okinawa on my spring holiday with my friends.
I went to duty-free-shop, did scuba diving, ate ``So-ki soba`` etc.....
We also went to ``Nago pineapple park``.
There are many pineapple foods.
I especially liked pineapple pie.
During the trip, it was rainy or cloudy.
yet I cannot speak English very well.
anyway...
Dear Japanese, you guys don't have the right to criticize the riots in London.
I can imagine that some of them think, ``See? Japan is a safe country. Fierce riots only happen in foreign countries I am proud of Japan.``
Therefore, Japanese people don't have the right to criticize the riots in London.
His name is Igor Vladimirovich, and he professionally plays volleyball.
I think that the pronunciation is pretty and fun.
Today, I began studying hard because I want to get a better score before I take a TOEIC test.
If you have some advice for studying English, please teach me how to study!!
I didn't know there was such a famous festival until
which means it was really fun hanging around!!
in winter of 2009, The movie 'AVATAR' was released in japan.
Actually I didn't try my best to find a new job.
Because I spend my time thinking what my favourite job is.
These days I am thinking of becoming an actress to earn some money and also to kill time.
I will write about my business (I am salesman) and my hobbies (reading Japanese manga, playing poker-Texas Hold 'em-, playing video games, and cooking) on this diary.
We had pretty hot weather last week but the temperature dropped down about 10 degrees since last Sunday and now rain start and stop and start and stop.
because I work at a very famous hotel.
The other students said ``Teacher, he doesn't want to learn, our main teacher said that you can let him out``, but I said ``If I do that, he will be poor in his studies because he will miss the course and can't catch up with us!``
Today (15/ 12/ 2009) at Macquarie in Sydney, I'm studying in the computer room, it's so good that I'm not late.
So last night I went to bed before midnight but I don't like waking up early in the morning.
I hope that he is happy with his music and also with his daughter and wife.
Me llamo Tammy, enantado.
Such a thing has happened a few times this summer.
I want to become a fluent English speaker.
Study animation abroad.
He is studying Japanese animation at school.
I don't know what kind of animation he was studying?
But we had a nice conversation together.
He looked funny and friendly.
Nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you, Lang-8 members!
I'm waiting for your comment!
Today is a holiday called GW_ (Golden Week) in Japan.
Therefore I've been searching a package tour to Hawaii.
Companies care for their employees 'health.
Today is my students 'entrance exam.
a large part of students and their parents choose the public ones.
When we had tried to go there last autumn,
an autumn outing (holiday) season.
in the mountain.
l 'm amazing because I knew this site.
I put my daughter in a summer workshop that's called ``The Stage Coach`` which is a school teaching children how to act, sing, and dance.
My husband went to the work this morning, but he came back to Wimbledon from his office in the city to watch her first performance.
Anyways, the theme of the show was ``The Wizard of Oz`` and our daughter was one of the villagers in the Munchkin Land.
Of course everyone wants to be Dorothy or a princess!
The 22GH incorporates-HDMI, DVI and DSub interfaces. The reason why I have selected this monitor is that it will produce a quality picture due to it's 97% ColorShpere.
Driving in American is easy, although the city roads are very wide.
As there are several blind points (or spots), you can't see in your side mirror and rear-view mirror.
I am so glad to find a place to learn more and improve.
I think it's very delicious!!
History, Masked Rider
I am unskilled at drawing, but I like to draw.
I have a question.
The first picture is the river where I went to the temple to pray the monk to ask a blessing.. we saw a lof of people there and I used the Chinish language a bit with the native people.
I would like to show you some video but youtube don't want me to make video ^ ^... thank you for looking my picture and coming to my page.
The end of Nov is the time for gloomy, windy and depressing weather here in Russia (I guess there are lucky people enjoying something completely different) I would like to grasp this opportunity and share some photos I have taken in Italy.
couple of hours getting there: first by car, then by ferry.
The avarage temp is around + 20C, the sea (ocean) is still available for swimming, the food is excellent and people are very friendly.
1289 one thousand two hundred eighty-nine
45989 forty-five thousand nine hundred eighty-nine
667890 six hundred sixty-seven thousand eight hundred ninety
5098433 five million ninety-eight thousand four hundred thirty-three
I thought ``I won`` was correct, because it was for a past event,
Answers on his cellphone during the exams.
I'm very confused. (This is confusing)
because I felt he was difficult for any one to get close to.
He half-opened his eyes and his eyelids were very sharp!
I thought that Sendai had a l poor economy this time.
There is a nuclear power station.
So I have to do research about malta.
I'd like to speak English fluently.
I'd also like to know how to study Japanese.
There are lots of English conversation school in Japan, but few Japanese conversation school in America or other country right?
Which is better Iphone or android (google) phone.
Recently he comes home very late because of his job.
She said ``no`` to marriying with her boyfriend recently because of something that changed her mind.
But in the afternoon, weather became so hot!
She has four big titles: a judo wrestler, the wife of a famous baseball player, a politician and a mother of two children.
One of my classmates has been a beautiful policewoman ^ ^;
wow, I feel a little pitiful LOL.
What a hard work in Toky it was, with my hands!!
Recentlly, I have started a part time job.
I went to the Pride parade.
Especially when I watch the same TV show as before,
She said to me ``I put too much Cranberry sauce in it.
As a Documentation engineer and English translator, I'm now doing Photoshop-related things now.
However; I really feel sad that I cannot even be brave enough to start up a conversation with a native English speaker.
I think I'm like a worker bee.
I also dislike my life because it's boring for me.
(Especially my best friend in London who is busy with her job, study and boyfriend!)
The picture you see here is one serving for the King of the Chosun dynasty.
But imagine all the ingredients that were prepared like that.
But you can taste similar food for a much more reasonable price, with the preparation process reduced.
I'm happy.
I am more intrested in taking a belly dancind class than the other exercise classes.
I am going to visit you as soon as possible (You're my best penfriend;D
She defeated her opponents many times.
I'm gonna beat the competition.
Because I had to prepare for the International Japanese test 1st grade,
My teacher told us, ``You guys should memorize the presentation scripts.``
Moreover a classmate always complains about my pronunciation.
Yesterday I met my high school friend who just came back from Japan!!
she also brought her friend who is a Japanese called ``Mimi``..
Korea soccer team beat Japan yesterday.
So I anticipate more success this world cup.
Each design decision made to create this site appears strange to me.
This is the first time I use this style tool just to learn
time Before I used to think that fall is the worst season, because it is always rainy, there is dirt under the feet, and sky suddenly turns into bright and blue.
I have registered for this website for a period and I added some new friends here. This is a language exchange website, right?
At about half past eight, we had enjoyed so many sightseeings such as pure water streams, green trees, colorful flowers, etc. And we had also taken many interesting photos together.
For example, a cellphone, digital camera, and car...!!!
It's becoming colder these days, I ruined everynight last month, hmm, I forgot why I quit, maybe cause of laziness, or I don't know. ^_ ^.
Back to the work topic, there are some difficulties. First, the junior of my team doesn't work hardly, and is less patient.
They've just graduated and have a lack of work experience. The point that I want to say is also a problem of China, is that the Chinese young people lack a sense of responsibility, are selfish, lazy and empty-headed, I think all the derogatory sense words can be used on them.
My English is so poor that I choose to major in mechanical system design in Hongik university.
I have to speak English to sign up for the class that I want.
It's a perfect fit that focuses more on me.
My friend and I finished military service last May.
K!! (republic of korea) ``. We enjoyed the performance.
Although KORN is weaker now than in their golden day, I was moved by them.
I hope I will enjoy snowboarding this season!
I don't have grey hair, but some day I want to color them into brown, because I have never colored my hair.
I watched ``The World Athletics Championships in Berlin`` on TV last night.
Someone may think that I'm stupid.
Every athlete was very beautiful no matter where they were from.
I just want to know how to describe different races.
Have you ever seen an Olympic Gold swimming medalists who was fro
trivial techniques and have patience.
How about figure skaters? Especially women.
Asian women rank the top positions now.
It's still rare to see African figure skaters now.
Some sports require training
It means that where your country's location is connected to popular sports and the number of players.
Black people can play better when much muscle
figure skating and synchronized swimming. (I said the same thing too)
Did you really welcome Afro-American female champions?
Finally I could conclude with a nice comment.!!
I'm regretting to write such a long story!
Now I'm trying to make warmer my relationship with grammar.))
And we will go to eat pork cutlet ``tonkatsu.``
This weekend typhoons approach.
It's too difficult for me, and I have little time to study! The final SAT is on December!
Vocabulary is difficult, grammar is difficult, and I still don't know much about American culture.
What should I do? It scares me that I can't see my future!
I am new here. Please don't ignore me because it will make me sad. (This may sound better)
It comes as no surprise that I still have lots of homework and exams this week.
I have three lectures at my university.
I am not afraid of earthquake, but I got stranded for about an hour
Touhoku traffic got worse and there was lack of gasoline and broken highway and train.
Today, I went to a industrial festival.
Optical fibre TV
I'm studying English vocab.
I think language begins with vocab.
Because the perspiration ran down my face and back.
Finally, the dean of the department of dentistry decided to resign.
When the French teacher asked us some questions in French, we had a tough time trying to answer because we had forgotten so many things.
That is why I have just sent him an e-mail explaining the current situation at the university.
ELLEGRDEN is known as a rock (punk) band, and most of their songs are up-tempo.
When I was first selecting a jazz piece, I couldn't pass this piece: ``Waltz for Debby`` by.
Because as always, I have problems with my bf.
Actually I'm kind of tired of studying for a TOEFL... my motivation is getting lower I guess.. oh my god... that's not good you know...
I really want to know what people think from their behavior or attitude.
It has been about a month since I joined my current department.
Korean kimchi fried rice.
I received Korean kimchi from a Korean colleague as a souvenir.
Korean kimchi has a rich flavor.
I would like to take free trial lesson of another course this Friday.
Life: I want to sign as volunteer for COP10!
Currently, I'm studying English hard.
I can't speak and write English very well, but I would like to communicate with people from other countries.
I am happy to meet my roommates, because there was no one excet me yesterday.
Local people, who live in the province of B.
came here with their families.
I feel strongly about the cooperation of their families and the passion of their parents for them.
So he comes home on Fridays and returns to Gage on Saturdays.
By the way Most Japanese people have learned English for more than six years.
We think so too.
But Unfortunately, Japanese people don't have many opportunities to use English everyday.
If people start noticing that learning English is for communication with all over the world, population of people who can use English will increase, I think.
In particular, in Japan, we are well on the way to an aging society more and more.
The Japan national soccer team won the game against Australia and have now advanced to hopefully become the Asia Cup champions.
The most impressive part of this game was that Zacch, who was the manager in this team, had a good command of things as well as changing players.
The Japan team could use a good leader! I'm looking forward to seeing the next game!
Today is the Japanese holiday ``Children's day``.
When I worked at the consulting firm, I respected my co-workers, especially my boss.
There are so many punkish guys, foreigners also.
Especially, the band that I was there to see, LOST PROPHETS!
He usually sleeps.
I enrolled in an online English school a couple days ago.
Can you believe that the price of one lesson fee is 1 $ to 2 $?
I really wanted to go to the English school but I quit going there because the lesson fee was expensive.
ere is one of my favorite proverbs that I learned from my English teacher.
What's your favorite idiom or proverb?
Please teach me some, if you know any.
Once I studied English grammar books or something else, but I realized that I like reading books more than grammar books.
The schedule application is really great, and I don't need to carry big and heavy schedule notebooks.
If you have some applications to recommend, please tell me!!
Accordingly, my company put up some mottos.
A colleague wore a green skirt, and another wore a green ring and necklace.
Anyway, I enjoy picking out clothes.
Have you ever succeeded in losing weight??
We ate strawberries and beans that she grew for dinner tonight.
My English skill was build up through Lang-8.
An Amazing Wesite for Language Learners
Right now I've come to be able to understand recorded voice in English, but it is still hard for me to understand what they are singing in English.
My hobby is playing the flute in wind orchestra.
Why do I feel very fashionable??
I guess I feel like that because of the well organised blainwashing from Japanese shopping malls.
I as a Japanese put more worth in New Year's Day I guess.
l know even if l can't speak English, l can travel and see the beautiful landscape;
but l want to communicate with native speakers and l want to make friends.
l have traveled some of Europe and Asia. When l came back to traveling, l felt that l owe thanks to my family, friends, my job, and much more.
Recently l felt that l should spend my life challenging things.
Sometimes, l thought that l was too old to challenge new things, but l changed my mind.
Even though when l challenge anything, l spend more time than any other people.
hi guys.. I'm laura from italy... I need some help for improving my english and my japanese too... I'm new at this website.. so if some kind person wants to help me.. I will be very glad.. I would like to help you with italian..:) thanks and bye:)
The suite brings welcome upgrades [?] and is composed of three traditional applications (Word, Excel and PowerPoint), plus Outlook, which replaces the e-mail client Entourage that had been integrated into the suite since 2001.
I belong to an English club in my university, and I have an activity every weekend in my club.
I will go there to guide travelers from abroad. I will talk to them in English.
Well, seeing the ``dolls`` in this drama, I remembered the people who were incubated and their energy ripped off by computers from the movie, The Matrix.
The bodies are merely containers, and the data in the brain is what is human.
because I didn't have any special feelings about X-mas.
I will never stay alone anymore.
First of all, we spend too much time and are overly enthusiastic about grammar..
only grammar.
Also english teachers use difficult words to explain the english grammer.
Many korean students are get good grades on grammar tests, but they can't actually speak to people from other countries.
My favourite sports are swimming and running. Also, I like English very much. My home is close to a river, so when I was 8 years old, I learnt to swim. I believe that failure is the mother of success.
You talk to me please.
It is important for me to pass my English test so, please everyone help me with my English.
She said that it was the beginning of the year, so she thought she could get through the whole year well if she did it.
When she was bungee jumping, she felt like committing suicide.
As I listened to her, I suddenly wondered about the feeling of commiting suicide.
No one can commit suicide twice.
We got a shopping cart before we entered the store and I was pushing it.
There were some people who were also pushing their carts, but the person in front of me stopped suddenly when she heard the voice.
But after a while, one of the clerks was very kind to take me to the product I was looking for, and a customer who had a big package of potato chips answered me with a big smile when I asked him where the potato chips were.
I went there and ate pork vegetable miso soup.
Finally, if you want to learn Chinese, I think I can help you.
I learned a new word at today's lesson in Starbucks.
The word is scapegoat.
I realized that I ate dinner for 2 days.
Using this dictionary will be a lot of fun, as if I am traveling in a foreign country.
When we left the market, we bought some cherries and two cakes, because cherries were really delicious and cheaper, cake was for my best friend, beacuse they left Christchurch today.
After farewell, we went to the Sumner, actually this is my second time I have been there, but last time my homestay father took me around Christchurch and past Sumner, so I don't remember everything.
I want to learn Chinese and English in this university and speak them fluently.
I'll tell you one of the most scariest story I've ever heard.
I don't have confidence whether I can tell you guys scarily, but I'll try.
That man was wearing coat over his shoulders, and seemed hiding his face from around, he walked while leaning on a wall, he came toward to elevator while holding his hands over his stomach
And Chiang Mai is a prime example of this strategic model.
I hope that is the case because I want to hang the picture in my room with me in it.
I'm gonna write a short diary or what ever I happen to be thinking about twice or more a week in order to be diligent:p (as long as possible)
Let's study languages together!!!
More and more I am interacting with many foreign people, so I joined Lang-8.
I have Facebook, my account is takaxile, so please request me on the web.
My first Period is years lesson.
Topic was about past tense, and student changed 'tanoshii' to 'tanoshikatta' or something.
Today all the students don't attend class, so we played a kanji game.
At first students divided into two teams, and put some Hiragana cards on the floor at regular intervals.
My fifth period was year11.
They were writing essays about the difference between Australian table manner and Japanese ones.
My Last period was year 9.
Super collaboration
I happened to find this song on Youtube.
This collaboration is quite good.
Recently many singers release a song featuring rapper singers.
Well, the story is about aliens that (who) come to conquer our planet (the earth!), but their plans always fail. They are so funny. I always laugh when I watch the episodes on the computer.
There are five main characters in the series. Keroro is very childish and selfish and always tries to make people laugh, but he is a very bad comedian. Then we have Giroro; he's always thinking about the invasion because he's a military man. The third character is Tamama-he's a tadpole*, so his sex is not defined. He is bipolar and he likes sweets. The fourth member of the platoon is Kururu. He is a mad scientist, and he likes bothering people. He's a pervert. Finally we have Dororo, an econinja. He came to conquer the planet, but when he saw the beauty of it, he decided to save it. He is always forgotten by the platoon. Poor Dororo ahahah! (haha)
I should have gone back to home at midnight, but the airplane was delayed.
Similarly, natural expressions are natural only because the most native speakers feel so.
Learning languages, either foreign or mother, is to acquire not only words and grammars but also different manners to perceive and represent the world.
How about your country??
I dry the washing in the sun, then I air out the futons.
Therefore, I dry the washing and futon everyday.
It is has been more expensive recently because it is imported merchandise which is affected by an exchange rate.
It is a hard situation for me to buy an ipodT_ T
And I want to but a cell phone.
But it is too expensive to buy.
and I also watched Eastwick s01 ep01 ~ 04, it's a funny and weird TV show
And whenever having (instant noodle soup/ it), I crack an egg into it.
To be honest, I always check the spelling out with a translator:D
so it'll be cool and comfortable while I sleep.
This was calendars, stamps, coins, but none of this became a serious hobby.
Now I have only a few calendars and a few stamps from all of that.
Nowadays I collect other things, like pens with beautiful pictures.
Of course I don't consider this very serious either, but if I see a nice pen, I will buy it.
My friend led me to this hobby, because she usually gave me beautiful pens.
I chose the class with the smallest number of people to understand English better.
And I took the class American literature and so on.
I felt something was missing at today's lunch time.
There are novels which include mystery, fantasy, historical, adolescence, heartwarming and love, business which are made of philosophy (?), ways of thinking, finance, how to express yourself, and so on.
But the Jelly beans are my favorite Jelly!!
San Francisco!
I went to San Francisco from Aug 19th to the 22nd with my girlfriend.
I already got home, and I still can't believe San Francisco is in California.
As you know, San Francisco is famous as crabs, shrimps and lobsters.
I strongly recommend you go there, if you go to San Francisco.
These reasons are extremely general.
What makes you study Japanese?
It tasted really good, adding condiment paste made from yuzu zest and chilli peppers.
The guitar is a beautiful instrument, but much more easier than the piano or violin.
I `m like leaning Tourism English because the city I` m living in has many foreign tourists, I want to talk with them but my English is very bad.
Maybe I can say this in a more beautiful way?
As a volunteer, I went to Fukushima (near the troubled electric nuclear plant)
I am currently eating Sumtum and writing my journal entry. Sumtum is delicious.
So I can correct Japanese grammar.
When offered large plates of food most people would eat all of them regardless of whether they are hungry or not.
I like Harry Potter very much.
I also admire Luna Lovegood.
well, I can only tell u that I'm in bed and my right hand is very busy.....
I didn't like animeToT
My favourite game is ``Diablo II: Lord of Dectruction``!
So we celebrated it yesterday.
Recently, I went to the eye doctors and had undergone some check up.
We are afraid of and struggling against the tremendous earthquake and tsunami.
So I wanted the challenge of a different job that time.
She offered me the job in a foreign-affiliated company in Akasaka.
I've just renewed it the day before the phone call.
From what they said, it sounded like they were enjoying their universities.
I don't usually use a cassette player.
Last month, I spent three weeks in the capital of the UK-London.
But now only the names of the streets indicate this. They are named after famous lakes, rivers, harbours, etc.
I lived on the street which was named ``Lagado Mews``.
This month, has run& nbsp; 10 kilometers.
yesterday I wrote an article about searching for a job
Luckily, lang-8 is good to learn English because some people can teach me how to use correct grammar and I can make a friend.
I study animation at university.
But I like design now.
For example, sandwich, spaghetti, Chinese food, and so on.
But I can't speak Italian or English....
Quite a few people believe that the lucky numbers can bring good luck for them.
But it doesn't mean that lucky numbers can really bring good luck.
Second, the lucky numbers are just a visual for hope.
My teacher, who teaches the students techniques for it, said that business vocabulary is most important.
I think the weather here is really cold. It's about + 18C, but I heard that the winter in Canada is about-30C.
Here is the firework show of the new year in Taipei 101. A lot of people say that it is not as amazing as they expect, and think it is the worst firework show they have ever seen.
I was very tied, but I thought it was worthwhile.
My final examination is coming!
Now I'm in Beijing, China for a trip.
Today I wanna talk about my trip in Beijing.
That's why I'm in Beijing now.
Actually, it's been 2 days since I arrived at Beijing.
I haven't eaten any Chinese food, like Beijing Duck, I've only eaten some rice porridge and some pickle...
It's a fantasy story.
In this hospital, nurses have to complete some reports to make it to the next level.
This year is my second year here, I have to translate an English paper into Chinese, making it a short summary for all my coworkers (about 16 people.) In the end, the nurse manager of our ward will decide if I am qualified to go to the N1 level.
I was taken to one of Canada day events at a park by my hostfamily the day before yesterday.
After that they can get a toy depending on the number of stamps.
dismiss about fifteen thousand employees.
Should I work harder?
When will the depression end?
The Chinese traditional holiday, Spring Festival, is coming soon.
It is my favorite holiday.
I think it is also most Chinese people's favorite holiday.
So I just wonder if Americans or other English-speaking natives have a good
knowledge of English grammar.
I read a book or listen to music and so on.
It is first time my daughter is to join a piano recital.
When golden week starts on a Saturday, we can receive 5 consecutive holidays.
I'm jealous because I have to work during this great consecutive holiday.
I'm so tired, because today's tests were very difficult for me.
I'm so happy because there are some people who correct my English.
I'm going to go to the restaurant to eat dinner with my family.
Off course, I can move today.
And a friend said ``you're such a boring girl.``
Korean women have to behave carefully as long as possible.
Hello ladies and gentlemen, and all of my friends around the world
Where do you think God is?
Of course it's never at 'temples', 'shrines', churches and mosques.
I became refreshed and willing to do things actively after singing.
I read books and newspapers, or study English.
we could sort out the problems of the Iranian election.
The problems are very diffcult because we can't understand others and can't think about other opnions.
The idea of people all over the world using my program!
It excites me.
In our company, there are wide-open opportunities for professional growth. We are a company that enjoys an enviable record for stability in the dynamic atmosphere of aerospace technology.
hello world!!
Now that I've seen it again, I still think that Jeffrey was one of the most interesting people who ever lived in this world.
S-ok just to make it clear I'm not a fan of him or something; the fact I'm finding him interesting (and this is not from now, but from years ago when I heard about him for the first time) doesn't mean I think that what he did was anywhere near okay or that he is something he is not.
So hope you find it at least as interesting as I do.
Kitano is famous for Ijinkan which is where many foreign people used to own residences during the Meiji era.
I can pass it ^ ^ later I went to pub where is so fashionable and a little bit expensive--I had (pasta/ a dish of pasta), cheese, salad, noodles ^ ^ then we went to an internet cafe where you can play table tennis, darts, and karaoke. We just sang 2 hours, and played table tennis.
It was a warm day, so we felt comfortable having lunch outside.
They are women who work in the commons, in the clerk, in the university convenience store and in the library.
The best food I liked was ``Khao man gai``-steamed rice with chicken and raw cucumber.
I thought of the opposite views that once you had done the preparation well, you need not to worry any more.
The IELTS class is more serious than the general English class so during the class everyone focuses on studying.
Especially my Spanish friend, he is so funny!!
I thought it wouldn't happen to me but my spanish friend...!
I was surprised to hear that de facto marriages are common in France.
There are various types of cakes there.
In the latest journal, I said my father's private insurance expired.
He still can have an insurance from the government, which will cover the cost to some extent.
Roy became nervous and thought that it was too late.
He thought that Harold was responsible for this.
Unfortunately, the weather was bad...
Yesterday I went to play tennis, but I couldn't play because it started rain, then my friend Marsha and I went to a cafe and waited for the rain to stop.
I find you and I spend time navigating between the mystery and your taste.
I can hardly find out the meaning from each word of it.
``Stop hiding!``, I told myself.
However, starting now, I've told myself that I must stop hiding.
Just now, I realized that I was hiding in my imagination (?)
But I must stop hiding now!
It's because I entered an online English conversation class named ``rarejob``
After I regained my self-confidence, I took part in a game against another university team.
As for me, I'm on Summer holiday starting today (for 4days).
I intend to attend here every day.
Thanks!!
When I j just started going to a university, I found my life comfortable. I saw life with simple eyes. I never thought everyone would be so kind to me and ready to help me anytime I had trouble, but this was not right.
Only when you live far away your family, will you truly understand the feeling of being alone.
I know I will never be alone because my family will always love and support me. They helped me get through my failures so that I would be successful in the future. Now I always make an effort to live well. I hope my folks will always be happy and I want them to know that I love them very much.
However, it's difficult to speak in English when I stay in Korea.
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this site and your help, (which is very precious to me).
I study things that are connected to English in my university.
I'll go to Osaka by Shinkansen bullet train to attend a meeting with other companies.
I lived in Osaka until 2007 for nearly 6 years, so Osaka is like a second hometown.
I haven't been to this site for a long time.
So I got an agreement with my friend that we will study hard without thinking about anything else.
A person who I met on Lang8 contacted me on Skype when I had just woken up.
But, my friend said to me ``hourly wages of 800 yen is very low!``
I was emotional, and I quit my part-time employment.
At first, I was worried.
Besides, he seems to change the bike into a good design as well.
I wonder if he could transform it completely
While the Jews were out of Israel, Arabs called Palestinians moved there.
The Palestinians, of course, opposed this and attacked the new residents, and thus the strife began.
I will study hard so that I can go to the university that I want to go.
In school there is an English native teacher whose name is Sony.
But recently I learned that 2010 will be the year of the Metal Tiger.
Funny that Russian sites say it will be the year of the yellow metal Tiger and English sites write it will be the white Metal Tiger.
Before the season started, I was looking forward to it.
Actually, I'm bad at using electronic things like that, but I can handle it so far ^ ^ There is no instruction bookwith it.
Though it was a hard time, one thing I can't forget is that children were so cute and adorable.
The minimum temperature here this winter was negative 33 degrees Celsius.
Today, I bought The Little Prince.
So scary
You must know it's length is 5000 kilometres.
Most of it is unexplored.
Young Pioneer means morals for the children. We were proud of it when we were young.
We had to fight the tired body, fight with the strong sun, fight with the lack of water, fight with the dangers of the mountain.
Diese Woche hatte ich viel (Unterricht in Deutsch.) besser: Deutschunterricht
Whether we like it or not, inequality is a fundamental concept in a free economy.
To make the point clear, we thought about its opposite.
In perfectly equal world, what would happen?
We cannot possess anything, be free to choose our clothes, or even what to eat.
The only thing we can do is to adapt ourselves to it to live a good quality of life.
However, every girl likes fancy smell such as CHANEL NO. 5.
I prefer flowerscent perfume such as sunflower or rose.
I wound my bath towl around my waist, when I was changing my clothes to go to the pool.
Does this actress think she can laugh all the way to the bank by riding on a millionaire's cocktail (coattail)?
I go to the university in Nagoya.
I also study Chinese in my university
I watched ``Lie to me`` on DVD.
They will bloom at 8th, the weather news said.
I think that it is difficult to grant a dream.
In my opinion, nothing is not perfect.
Because we can get delicious food such as matsutake (a kind of expensive mushroom), kaki (a kind of fruit), kuri (chestnut), nashi (Japanese pear), sanma (pike fish) and so on,
(Is it strange for foreigners?)
It's my favorite:-D
This year, I will dress neatly X-(
I need to take the TOEFl test in February to apply for graduate school, and I'm looking for someone who can check my writing.
``I need to read through academic readings so fast!!`` As a result, even though I sped up, there were about three questions left.
The second part was listening, which was also tough because some lectures were not subjects that I was familiar with, such as history.
Although a guide might ask us how the museum was and we might be forced to say, that it was wonderful even we actually didn't understand its value.
There is even a small museum in my home town. They are exhibiting some bowls and paints that look like graffiti. (two sentences)
because I don't have money and there is no food shop near the/ my office.
Because of the car which was ahead of my car was moving very slowly, I passed it at high speed.
I was caught and lost 3 point (if you don't have penalties, you can keep 3 full points).
After I was caught by the police, I made my way back to the (driving) school, but I was not happy.
But, the relationships between the main characters are so complicated.
Peter's family is brilliantly hilarious, especially Stewie.
At first, I went to Kumamoto and I ate Kumamoto ramen.
It was so delicious that I ordered seconds.
The different colored tree leaves are very beautiful at the back of the pond in autumn.
So I'm learning English. Its pronunciation is very difficult, but I undertand that there are days when I will want to learn more and more.
I called my colleague in to show some sentences.
I'm leaning Italian and English.
I came in italia to study arts, but I need English.
Becouse in school, everyone speak in English.
I can't speak English at all.
Can you imagine who performs without an actual instrument?
Air Guitarists had to perform a 60-second song of their own choice and pretend to play rock or heavy metal.
Is the day that I can understand English news programs without subtitles truly coming?
This is an article I heard from my friend Tyler ~ haha hope he doesn't mind, I just tried to listen to it very carefully and transcribe it.
Music is my favorite thing.
I'm glad to hear his voice.
He has two children and bought a new house.
Then, he said, ``Mandy, in the future, you should study abroad and know the world.``
I saw some figures like Madonna, Sharon Stone, and Brad pitt and so on.
Today,_ some of my classmates said that they think every country should close every nuclear power station,_ but I do not think so.
Although I am in New Zealand where there are no nuclear power stations, I think nuclear power stations help people a lot, for example, nuclear power stations provide people with electricity, and I think that is good.
On the other hand,_ when nuclear power stations fall down, that will make a big problem for the world.
Independence Day in Mexico was yesterday, September 16th, and as usual we celebrated this date with the independence shout, eating ``pozole``, a Mexican food, prepared with corn and chicken, drinking tequila and listening to ``mariachis``. At least, this is the most traditional way to celebrate this day.
Even though this region is one of the oldest places because it is the origin of civilization (when Mesoamerica joined with Mesopotamia), Mexico is a relatively new country, with just two centuries since having been founded as a nation.
Second-hand smoking is really disgusting for non smokers.
But what are other habits or lifestyles that are responsible for health costs?
I had 4 days off last week and I went to Vancouver with one of my friends.
We stayed in the Youth Hostel and visited UBC (University of British Columbia), Nitobe Memorial Japanese Garden, Tower Beach, Kitsilano, Gastown and Lookout.
I didn't go to Stanley Park and visit my acquaintance who I met 20 years ago in Vancouver.
It has a dignified elegance supported by its perfect shape and white walls.
Those professional players had an impact on me!
The logo is of a very strange type and particular color compared to usual.
It has various contents named podcast, such as news, comedies and documentaries.
I've studied English ever since I was a junior high school student, but I can't write, speak, or listen to English well.
In the balcony, people cannot only sit on the floor but can also lie down.
I heard that listening to the classical music while lying down is too good for words.
It's raining today.
I am not very busy at work today, so I have a short bit of time to go to Starbucks for a break, and I found this branch has many foreigners, especially many foreigners who need one-to-one Chinese conversation to learn Chinese converstion.
In the 2nd (second) floor, there are five bedrooms, two bathrooms and a large closet.
I think most of the people in Japan will say ``I'm sorry`` when you are asked to do something.
Japanese people and Chinese people don't have the hugging manner.
She is my family and important to me.
But, everybody!
Do you remember one of my post/ journal?
It's okay.
I've been learning English for 10 years in school, but my language skills are still at a low level.
I want to practice English to use it well.
The hardest for me is the grammar,
My wife cooked lunch.
I know that the vocabulary and the letters are obviously different!
But I want to think about not the visible surface of the languages, but the concepts or something like that.
She sent an e-mail to me on Monday morning when she arrived at her flat to get her notebook PC before going to university.
I will try to change my attitude!
(It's the first time I went to that restaurant)
They are all coming tomorrow.
I am sure he will be nervous there for a while.
to fashion, certain styles look better on some girls than they do on
others.
I like nearly all color clothing except red, but I don't know why.
I prefer the flashy things.
So I like many kinds of jewelry.
My favorite pieces of jewelry are earrings.
so I want to go abroad.
Someone tell me about a good place in a foreign country
I couldn't sleep well last night because I have a cough and
He was named a member as a goal-keeper.
He has many experiences.
We alighted from the train (monorail?) at the last stop and walked from beach side to first station while talking about a lot of things.
Unfortunately, I was laid off at the end of 2008.
The staff began to explain it to me, and then somehow I turned my head toward my left side.
Today, I ate takoyaki (octopus dumpling).
My son plays in the Tamagawa river, small forest and the park.
Well I will try to write with capital letters in the beginning of a sentences, because I always forget about them, and the teachers always tell me they don't understand why I do that...
Today I cleaned up a little my desk, but it's all messy again, because I started to make a drawing for my grandmother before she returns to her country...
We set up our tent on the coast of a small bay, near a great cliff named Scriper.
It was a very out-of-way place. (is it correct?
It is a place that is very difficult to reach).
Majestic Baikal was amazing. The water surface was like a mirror, and astounding silence was broken by gulls 'cry, trees' rustling and rote.
But we were really mistaken!
Dropping a tourist group including ten people, and they camped at a distance of fifty meters from our tent.
They did not look like inadequate, noisy or problem, but I suspected that something was wrong when saw among them things several boxes with beer and vodka.
We broke our camp, folded up the tent, packed all things into rucksacks and in spite of the sunset, went away to search new places.
It was quite dificult and dangerous.
PS: You can see photo from summit of Scriper.
It was very nice, sweet, juicy and fruity:)
Today, I got last month's mobile phone bill.
ForTo all surfers, surfing is dengearous. dangerous
I decide to pay more atenntion attention to my board.
Whether we can ring up sales or not depends on sales in the Tokyo branch office organized by only 20 people.
Now we're focusing on direct mail marketing, though that might be junk mail for many people.
One was about Budden the other was about the brain.
I need to go out later to buy a shirt for a wedding party tomorrow.
Here in Hawaii, I go to a language school on weekdays and I go there by bus.
It normally takes 35 minutes to get there but it sometimes takes 45 minutes...
I want to improve my English in half a year, but this seems like a difficult task.
So I thought that this site could help my English, right?
I could answer the questions but listening examination was bad...
I couldn't answer..
I wonder if you could do me a favour.
But her speech was so boring that I fell asleep.
It said: ``Congratulations you have passed the exam.
I don't remember about the details of our conversation, but I think he said so.
I would often wonder what the difference between the two them is since then.
Secondly, I will go to library to review my lessons and do some IELT tests and I want to go to foundation in April.
and my budget is limited, I will have to also limit my destinations.
The client is very kind and and passionate.
I'd like to return a the favor to him someday.
It is dizzyingly hot.
I'm now studying English and Japanese.
Does anyone want to be my friend?
I like English, writing, speaking!!
If the wind is too strong, I can't go surfing.
I had a very wonderful day.
As I would like to be better at English, I started writing a diary in English.
Now I specialize in communication studies, and study English and Chinese.
It seemed my heart is still living in Shanghai, I must have lost something, something I dare not to face, or I just can't face myself, my weakness.
I will tell everyone about a creature that makes Japanese people feel it's summer.
Its creature is called cicada.
Japanese people feel summer when hearing cicada's screaming.
By the way, Some carcasses of cicada are scattered around the entryway of my apatment house.
I thought this cicada was already dead, so I poked it with tip of my foot.
I want to ask everyone.
It is very interesting to learn English, and I think that I can learn to speak it very well!
Of course, I like to travel around Japan too. I went to Hiroshima last month, and I met an Australian friend and got drunk on good sake.
In English class, the English teacher taught students the expression, ``Graveyard shift.`` I thought it was an interesting expression, because there is not an expression like that in Japanese.
Firstly, there is a growing awareness that using public transportation instead of driving a car leads to the reduction of green house gases because cars produce more green house gases than trains or buses.
My brother helped me work this morning.
I want to learn English with the help of lang-8.
Unfortunately, my work does not require English.
The other way is to think about where it came from, and try to figure it out.
It's like unbelievable medicine, which absolutely heals my body and soul.
Is it natural to feel like that or am I too shy about speaking a foreign language?
In China, students have endless exams to pass along our lives, even after (maybe) you have entered society.
How about your countries?
my use of English in the public examination, My life became somber.
These days we are unable to see each other.
I always feel I'm still not familiar with calculating the money especially when I shop at a mall here in Durban city because this country has decimal money and most likely because I have not stayed so long to calculate money smoothly and Japanese has a tendency of keeping other people from waiting so long behind a line.
It is very fun, and I will have an exciting experience.
I feel that making ceramics is a kind of physical labor.
However, You'll get tired of it if you imagine that you put it into the mouth, chew and then swallow it as many as 30 times repeatedly.
We may be able to use it to decrease the intake of unhealthy food and drugs.
They feel ashamed if they are found wetting their pants.
thanks for teaching me correct English!
I, am a really short tempered person.
and I try to speak in English with my friends and I restarted to communicate in English conversation class in my university.
My major is Management.
if I keep on studying English hard, I believe I can be a person who can speak good English
Until I go there, I will do my best with presentation!!
I took off my shoes at the porch and sat at the kind of table which can be seen at many korean restaurants.
It tasted good.
Although I say that I will save money, I'm actually going to spend a part of the bonus on a handbag, a pair of shoes, accessories and so on.
Many trains will be suspended tomorrow, so many people can't go to (get to) their schools or offices; of course I can't either.
First, great teachers have a passion for their job.
I had time to go to see a movie called, 'Pirates of the Carribean 4'.
It wasn't as interesting as I'd expected, because it wasn't much different than the first two films (movies).
She told me that I have an interview change to her department as an executive assistant.
It's a big company, but the salary is not high.
What else do we need to do!?
The act prevents my body from getting cold.
I want to return to my normal life soon.
Before their concerts, they pronounce the members of the day, and fans can choose the day their own favorite musician plays.
I have heard that there are some fans coming to hall not to listening music but to watch their dance.
My friend gave me a book titled ``The Authoritative Calvin and Hobbes``
I was so surprised to hear that when he first attended the law class in graduate school (He attended Univ.
Also I think those foods must be attractive to people, making people want those foods.
Some of my friends were in a bad mood, so we went to a lounge
Today was very interesting and fun!
The shape of UK
I went there to get my bicycle yesterday.
When I saw my bike, I was astonished because........
Before I came here, I thought ``If I live in the U.
for a year, I will be really good english speaker. ``But I was wrong.
I am surprised how difficult it is to learn other languages.
So I was really disappointed in myself and kinda bored studying English.
But Lang-8 often encourages me to study it, because I see many other people who study other languages and may have similar feelings.
I really like to correct foreign people's English.
I really like the way people act, american greasy foods, stupid cartoons...
In Japan we have to follow certain social rules like showing politeness to people who have seniorityand giving many complements. a lot and This makes it extremely hard to be close with people who I meet for the first time...
I think I `m going to study a little bit but not the way the teacher told us because everybody studies in different ways so I` m going to do what I feel like doing.
I started studying Russian, and I'm trying to improve my skill. Little typo on improve.
My school is very small and almost all of the students are Japanese or Korean.
I really want to talk with foreigners.
I have watched a few... stories....
I want to make foreign friends
I was thinking of it as a normal self-advertising website that claimed to help people greatly improve their English.
Of course, thanks to today's globalization, Japanese people have been getting more and more somewhat open-minded to the outside than ever before.
Listening is different, because every day you watch BBC, CNN or varieties of English programs on TV, and automatically you will listen to the same word again and again.
I quickly took off the headphones from my ears and tried to listen to her.
She said something but I couldn't catch her words because my heartbeat was louder than her voice or (perhaps) because of my poor Japanese listening ability.
And, I was a just foolish Ossan who didn't know that I was on the express train and needed to pay or buy not only the normal ticket from Osaka to Kyoto but the express ticket too.
And that mainland China stops its boring threat to Taiwan!!!!
Separated family members gather and celebrate this holiday together, enjoying delicious foods on this day.
I decided to use this site because I wanted to improve my English writing skills.
I feel that it will be busy in our home this summer.
First of all, my English teacher recommended them to improve my English.
Most Japanese people don't know what ``premonition`` means, but we use ``shuffle`` as Japanese word.
There are two types of digital cameras.
I really had fun and thought ``I must study English harder`` so I will write a diary from now on.
I definitely will NEVER forget this summer memory.
I like that I feel the cold in winter at morning.
I strongly recommend this book. (this sounds better)
I especially loved that the process throughout which the King's trauma was gradually healed was very carefully described.
I usually feel down on sundays at midnight (it's already Monday...), but I am still in a good mood.
Anyway today my niece (my old sister's daughter) came to my house and I was asked to keep an eye on her for a couple hours
Since she brought the movie Totoro from her house, which is a very popular anime film in Japan, we watched it together.
For some reason I want to post a picture of the main character on my account.
The most scary roller coaster is the ``White Cyclone`` without a doubt.
And English is the most popular language.
are there any grammatical error?
I ran 100 meters in 11. 2 seconds.
Typhoon Aere, which was the strongest typhoon this year, has passed us by.
When will the next typhoon appear?
Most of you have not experienced a typhoon, right?
So we asked a staff member in the booth.
The rainy season has started.
Thanks to the fan, I can be comfortable.
I grilled an eggplant and meat with katakuriko (potato starch).
I added a drop of chinese soy sauce to the eggplant.
Jesus, please attract me more and more.
My heart is your throne.
She emphasized ``The beauty can be marked, and it's the easiest way to get love.``
From last sunday, it has kept raining for a whole week!
Cold, bleak, and bitter are OR would be the best words to discribe the terrible weather.
I find what my goal is and what I should pursue.
I have to study grammar from the beginning.
definitely the one I would recommend.
Anyway, most of the movies on the above list are not that thought provoking
You say, ``Japan is the best country``?
It was fresh in a sense.
The wall was gray, the humidity was excessive.
Hahahahahahahaha!!
part-time job.
because our teacher absence.
restaurant together, we drinking and eating there.
So as the punishment, I drank a bottle of Japanese liquor.
Guys, who can tell me how to leave a message on other people's page in Lang-8.
Next comes three years of middle school which is mandatory.
That's because I'm foreign to the different school system.
I was walking around the ``Wakayama jyo`` for about 20 minutes.
Because of the butterfly stroke, I'm losing interest in swimming.
I was in a hurry, but I didn't understand this sentence, ``Don't post to Twitter.`` In the end, I didn't publish it.
I've been taught English by a filipino.
, Actually, making holes is boring work.
But It looks like she is looking forward to her two granddaughters growing up.
So, I went to see my tutor on Monday to discuss the project (Design A Train schedule Based On Baidu API).
Now I have chosen to continute my Computer studies to become a web designer (not really sure...) and the day after tomorrow I will meet with my agent to determine my major.
What should I do to in order to be more skilful in Japan?
In fall, there is a junior college festival.
Unfortunately I have a little opportunity to speak and write English.
I am taking care of my cousin.
and I drank lots of alcohol.
but I can't stop drinking (alcohol)! XD
Next time, I'll take care when having alcohol.
Especially, Italy.
I want to talk about my unusual experience of a traffic jam.
I guess you won't often see a main road where there are many empty cars in the peek hours.
But that time, all the drivers left their cars and opened their doors, since the main road would be closed for 2 to 4 hours.
But today's weather is bad.
I'm dissapointed, that's why I didn't go shopping yesterday.
in fact, nowadays I'm studying english because my major is business administration, so I need to study english and learn how to write and speak in english.
She was adorable girl so I thought, ``I want baby, it is about time to have baby.``
I want to talk with them if I have an opportunity.
I felt sick before long.
I want to leave for Toronto soon, but I have a lot to prepare for a new life over there.
Writing Practice 1
Despite how I know they can benefit me, I don't have enough time to study details. Besides, I must spend more time improving my poor English.
Then are 'Can I go home?' or 'Can I try this?', all unnatural expressions?
Then I rinse them with water for a couple of minutes before placing everything, including the bowl, up on the side.
Next, I deal with bigger ones like round-bottomed pans and salad bowls.
The temperature was less than 0!!
Today, I woke up early (in the morning) and I baked bread.
Breakfast was very good, because bread was very hot!!
I greatly appreciate everyone who helped me with correcting my writing.
Because Argentina's team is so strong team this year that most soccer fans rate them number one.
The lover of the protagonist died because of failure of abortion which was not desired by her.
Moreover, the friend of the protagonist felt sad due to lack of understanding by adults and finally he committed suicide..
Almost of all of them were arranged like alternative rock music.
The air was freezing cold and the sky was crystal clear.
But there are very few because almost all internship events have already finished their applications.
I went to my grandmothers house and saw my relatives.
Beef tongue is especially delicious.
I noticed the information written on the board.
To complete this course, I have to take some English classes for honing speaking and writing skills.
However, the atmosphere is good in this class and the instructor was nice and had a sense of humor.
I am looking forward to next class and talking with classmates in English.
A woman is introducing extraneous matters into the debates.
my hobby is taking picture,
they are extremely beautiful ~
Thanks for inviting me as a friend
Recently, I have been busy but I want to introduce something to you!!
, The Japanese economy is getting worse and worse now.
Usually I hate to go to there because I am tone-deaf, but my friends really want to go, so we did.
I will exercise tomorrow.
I will do Yoga and stretch.
This is my first diary on this site.
(Maybe, this is not like a diary.)
I think these are good for improving speaking and hearing skills,
I will write this diary every weekday that I can,
so please correct my diary.
That bothers me, because I have plans to travel with my family at the end of year.
We knew each others 'new personalities, thinking and own past stories etc..
I think that if you especially enjoy your recreational times, you have to do something your job or you have to do regularly.
Because if you lazy in your job, don't you feel lack of pride??
My Girlfriend and I
That is not allowed in our country.
Actaully it's not just raining..
but after a while our mood became natural.
We were talking about each other and had a lot of things in common.
IKENOBO is an old and traditional style/ art/ tradition of flower arranging in Japan.
For example, the life of Thomas Edison, Madame Curie, Hideyo Noguchi... (Nogichi is famous only in Japan?).
Therefore, it is hard to imagine how they look to us modern people.
You may lose everything in the blink of an eye.
Today I screwed up the midterms.
I want to go to Italy:)
The touch of my hands, and the touch of your hands too, will never be limited.
That is the reason behind my interest in exploring the limits of control, the reason why I am going to move to London at (or after) 18 years, that's why I have sex in my room while my family is sleeping or have my hip bone tattooed with a colourful dragonfly.
Kindly, she accepted it& made a dish which included Kimchi.
Soon I asked a person on duty and I found out that this failure would continue until evening due to construction.
Well, I'm just starting to learn this language. To tell you the truth I'd like to learn japanese, but I thought it would be better to ``start from the beginning``.
Are there ramen restaurants in your country?
Of course, we need to pay for the basic charge, but it isn't so pricey.
So we Japanese have a party called a ``Bounenkai.``
I played a sport.
Actually I've been learning English since I was in first grade at elementary school.
I've been learning it for more than 10 years, but I'm still horrible at speaking it.
These days, I am watching the Toy Story movie to get English experssions such as, 'is mom losing her marbles?'...
The shop keeper recommended the point card (PONTA in Lorson).
I am interested in several point cards, so I applied for the point cards that I wanted obtain.
It is organized into Reading, Listening, Speaking, and Writing sections.
I watched the concert in the church.
Their music was truly matching.
I watched a movie called ``In her shoes`` last night and remembered that I wanted to read poems by E. E. Cummings.
My plan (on) this weekend.
I met them when I worked in the military service.
So I am extremely excited to meet my friend who came from New Zealand.
After our meal, we will go to a coffee shop to talk about lots of things.
Of course, I also have to meet my girlfriend this weekend, but it is not
because she is going to work tomorrow morning, so we are going to
weekend about this weekend's events.
Have a nice weekend, everybody.
But, we shared a large lobster since we couldn't waste the good opportunity.
Since entering high school, I often get migraines
She cleans often and cooks delicious meals,
My girlfriend called me this morning before I got up just to tell me it `s snowing outside.
I think that it is more convenient for us to have a car in such a situation.
I'm writing in a diary for the first time in my life,
Yes, I love books, and in particular old books.
This book is about complex analysis of a field of mathematics.
It is not very easy to understand, because it left several parts of the demostration to the reader, or it assumes that the reader knows things that nowadays aren't taught in school.
I'm going to study abroad in AUS from March to September.
I'm majoring in International Communication at the university and I study English and cultures in class.
I'll always challenge myself to speak English and to get accustomed to my new surroundings as soon as possible.
If you have an e-mail address, I'd be glad to receive your mail.
My e-mail address is-------.
My hobby is to make sweets.
However, Cantonese, which is widely used by people in Guangdong Provice, Hong Kong, Macao and nearby regions, is definitely distinct from what is generally refered to as a mother tongue spoken by one or several ethnic groups.
Instead, in my view, Cantonese is a competing force against Mandarin, mainly due to its popularity and dominance in the most well-off areas in China.
and that would be the reason that the central authority is becoming anxious.
Cantonese people surely take pride in the special dialect they own, because Cantonese-speaking regions are a statement of wealth, development and fast growth.
But in the neighborhoodthere is also the ownner's other homestay, which is the homestay of other students.
I have two fears.
So many people say that.
So, I've joined this portal a couple of minutes ago, and I'm kind off bummed out because I was expecting to be making friends left and right, that I'd be learning Japanese straight away (that was the main purpose of my joining to learn a bit of Japanese and to polish my English)....
Yesterday I bought a belt as a first experience.
What's terrible about custom house?
Today, I began keeping a diary on Lang-8.
Please contact me, if you like.
My department is the School of International Liberal Studies.
Yesterday my stomach hurt very badly. I felt better and worse. It did not take Dad and Mom, only myself. My good friend was not around me, but I was told my friend was angry from the close encounter.
I went to Tokyo in Simokitazawa with my friend.
The appearance of someone like him has been expected for many years, so people tend to have excessive expectations of his policy, action and statements.
He may be required to handle some political situations with severity....
Investment trusts (the indexical funds) are worth less day by day,
Of course I hope to return to the level before subprime occurred.
I was exhausted that I just I bought something on the internet.
I think they're difficult!
When I spoke to my American friend, I am speaking English but Jpanese words are always spinning in my head and they would even slip out of my mouth and cause some embarrassments..
There's no time to have breakfast..
I know a lot of words and grammar but it is a little bit different to speak freely.
sometimes I can't stand my voice and pronunciation.
I felt so excited that I couldn't control my tears.
I could do nothing but say thank you, my dear friends.
He has searched, looking not only for Japanese cuisines but also the spirit of Japanese dishes.
In this sense, I like it.
The Artist is Maurice Brazil Prendergast.
I don't know if it's valuable*****
The other is a wooden escalator near Antwerp Cathedral. (I forgot what name it was.)
Today is national foundation day in Japan.
So today is a holiday.
Recently, the weather is bad.
I don't have much money, so I can't go so far, but at least I'll be able to visit ``Amano Hashidate``, which is one of the most beautiful sites in Japan, and means ``a bridge of the sky`` in Japanese.
I have to reply to my German Professor for correcting my paper.
I attached corrected text file with this e-mail.
Dog meat is a part of the traditional Korean food culture.
Next time when I see an opportunity, I would like to tell them about our recommended places.
I am still waiting for her answer...
It was so comfortable!!
I thought it was a interesting system and I_ can use it for free.
She is my best friend on my university_ days.
Moreover I should improve my speech again and again,
lately it's so cold!
And you must set it concretely, which means the plan must include a numerical target.
The more concrete it is, the better the result will be.
By the way, this morning, I received an e-mail from the Education Department in the company where I work.
I'll do my best to do well in the exam though it's quite late to start practicing.
I'm a 21 year old Japanese girl.
Today I'll once again write sentences to help me incorportate new idioms and words into my vocabulary.
hatchet> A man cut a smalltree with his ~.
Although, thoughts of a blissful family life might change a person's perspective.
Do you speak foreign languages?
Why are you going to university?
It is similar to Hungarian in many ways, but nately unfortunately differences are frequent, too.
Miyazaki Gorou received bad ratings on his first work, Gedo Senki even though it was clearly good.
he is an Architect in the next province.
I felt angry, and I didn't communicate with him.
he is by himself and I have a good family.
It is neither a typical family, nor romantic movie, but it contains elements from both.
The dog slowly transforms their views and opinions about the most important things, like taking responsibilities for something, planning babies, helping to find the balance between the careers, the family and themselves, etc.
But most importantly, it is really funny:)
Hello friends!!!
On Saturday I climbed up on the Eureka Skydeck.
I entered the showroom and took photos, then I climbed up on one of the Ferraris, my dream is realised!!
On Sunday I went to Philip Island for to see the little penguins.
I saw the little penguins come in from the sea at night, and I saw the penguins walking on the beach to there house.
I love the natural sights in Tibet-the animals, people, mountains, lakes and temples make the perfectly harmonious photograph, that's where I want to live in the future.
This year, after BEC exam, I decided go to Tibet. It's really a long time to wait for the perfect time point, maybe October, for around 14 days. It will be 55 hours by train. I will see the transition from city to village, and eventually to altiplano.
My training always starts at 8 a. m. I live not so far from the place where I train, but nevertheless I was almost late.
The first prize was a digital camera!!
I ate food already even though I didn't feel hungry. It is important to eat food for breakfast.
How are you?!
The preoccupations of an ordinary man are to make sure he wakes up in time to arrive at school/ job, to earn his living and in his free time, to watch a movie or get out to his friends.
Thank you for always teaching me various things!
Ohh no, I didn't know that they don't have any homepages apart from geocities Japan...
I always remembered that a girl once told me: ``When I saw you at first, I thought you were a very serious teacher, but when you started teaching us, I saw/ found that you are very gentle.``
For example, last month I'd read ``Alice in the Wonderland`` by Lewis Carrol.
I thought, ``These words are used in formal writing.``
We waited 90 minutes for Tower of Terror, but we enjoyed the time because we could look at many attractive objects that had the story on the way.
Of course, Tower of Terror was so fantastic!!
I loved the scenery too.
Tokyo Disney Sea has American, Arabian and European streets.
I especially liked the European street, I felt as if I were in Europe.
I spent a lovely day!
I didn't ask further; therefore, I didn't know exactly what in the picture needed to be modified.
When I went to the hospital, a nurse said to me: ``Lets check your body temperature``, and she found that my temperature was 37. 8, so she told me not to take a medical exam today.
It was very interesting to learn about the future relationship between Russia and Britain.
A set of unimaginable elements occurred around me, destroying many grateful memories, harmonious relationships, as well as laughter, which all attribute to a benefit that is not worth mentioning at all.
I feel complicated like a kite having lost her line, like a boat in the darkness having lost his direction, like a lion having lost his temper......
They have a lot of beautiful parks, fashionable street and shops and classical buildings which made me happy!
I konwknow new friends
from a cloud called the heart.
She lost her husband three and half years ago.
I had gone to her house to see her occasionally when I was a high school student. However, I can't do it easily now.
I don't mind what cuisine it is.
I was wearing ugg boots and as you know, they easily get soaked so I had to walk very carefully till I got to work.
After I finished opening the bar, I tried to order some food because I was starving. But sadly, the restaurant could not deliver food because of the frozen road due to the heavy snow.
Ok, let's do something.
Recently, I `m studying at the Goldsmiths university in London.
I need to be slim (especially my waist) because I have to select clothes that can be wore from my closet every morning.
to return to the topic, how are they able to round their hips so fast like that??
In America?
Recently I can't play baseball because of my injury.
I'm busy studying, so I can't show myself.
I heard that Christmas Island has nothing at all.
I want to go Sentimental Journey alone in Island.
I want to improve my English, so I joined in this activity.
There is no special topic every time.
She really likes talkng, that's why I always can't get a word in edgewise.
At first, he pronounced one of four words, ``very``, ``berry``, ``velly`` or ``belly``.
They are also cute even though they are Mexican men!
Steve Jobs announced this morning that the new iPhone is going to be launched onJune 24th.
The cat who lives around my house had five new babies.
I feel tired at after work....
He played a guitar and we made a song.
So I will enjoy my writing from today.
My brother never gets used to get up so early.
I'm a third year university student and I have to face job hunting from this spring.
I have to thank this site and you for helping me to improve my English skills.
Maybe, that's because my friend came to my home yesterday.
We ended up doing an all-nighter.
My friend is very funny.
How does she think about me?
Questions about a short sentence pt. 4
Fortunately, she loves English books and reading them to her will be useful for me too.
And when it comes to speaking, French people are also tempted to pronounce in the same way that they would doin their native language.
My major is English.
tenant-resident
restore-fix-repair
Every time I speak English I think, ``which words (phrases) should I use?`` I want to understand these little differences.
Somebody can read my English and correct it! It's really amazing.:) I want to say thank you directly to people who read this diary if I can.
Many apple and grape trees, and rice fields... (a little boring... but I like this town.
I studied English at school (junior high school, high school and University),
The movie's title is ``The World of GOLDEN EGGS``.
Both of us were a little uneasy.
So it was difficult and boring.
Both were woolen garments. One was a light orange skirt and a jacket; the other one was a violet dress.
When I saw my mother brushing her shoeson the porch, I felt thankful to God that my mother is alive andin good health.
And it's a new opportunity for me to study my english*-* ((I know, my english isn't good))
It was very hot and humid.
I had been running.
I had been running for 40min around my house.
However, I found all the girls who I knew were boring, so finally I decided to ask her.
I am SO busy this week that I'm close to exploding!!
I want to know why the vacation ended so quickly....
Therefore I went to barbershop.
It was destiny!!
I was going to a Sushi restaurant for lunch with my wife.
language exchange Taipei
I now live in Taipei
I would like to find a langauge exchange to help with my English
I couldn't run in the hallway any more! It's also painful, especially the toes.
I haven't decided which country yet.
And I will make a plan for a trip with my family next year.
My dream is to travel around the world with my family.
We were going to play bowling, but we couldn't because there were lots of people.
I sincerely respect computer programers and PC technicians.
yesterday, I had a conscription examination, I am very nervous, about whether or not I will succeed
She was having a small conversation with another passenger next to her.
I think the most challanging thing in life is negative feelings towards others or things. If a person always thinks positive, he would be happier and healthier.
maybe it will not take effect that fast, but in the long run, after analysis and thinking it over, I may behave more positive next time when a similar challange attacks me again.
I remember someone once said, don't spend a second to think of those who make you unhappy.
hi, I am newly registered on Lang 8.
my master's degree in teaching Chinese as an second language.
I need to prepare everything and be careful takling with people but I am a sincere person I don't want to a liar lol.
It seems I should describe about two jobs and also my business (teaching Thai) too.
Later that day another acquaintance wants to find people for his business too.
There, every summer a few old people die of heat stroke.
Yesterday I had physical examination for this year.
Hi everyone!
In this course, the teacher taught us how to use acrylic paint, but it gets dry very quickly and the final result is not as beautiful as if it would be done with oil paint.
ooOoooo ~ ~ It `s too late to write an entry now, but I will write very briefly.
When I was holding a class in this late afternoon, my son sent me a text (/ phone?) message, (and) said ``Shall we eat out this evening?``/ ``How about eating out this evening for a change?``.
We stood in a long line under the white snow because my son wanted to eat in a small restaurant.
I came here with the hope that I could change myself.
We relaxed and talked about their journey.
That was a cockroach!!
We were upset and tried to throw it out, but it was so fast, and hid behind a cooler.
``Something is
And then the cockroach appeared from his pyjamas.
I feel a little bit nervous.
The cat lets them get on itself and goes to look for Mei, and they can find her.
Hanami is like you go to parks or somewhere with your friends or colleagues to watch cherry blossoms.
I went for Hanami the day before yesterday and played UNO with my friends.
On the other hand, the full-blooming cherry blossoms were really beuatiful!!!
And I beleve that to be in contact with students who are learning Mandarin is a good start.
There are too many things to fix; it is more than I can bear.
I feel pretty pressured as I can't do better than other students.
But I think that it is because I love Disney, especially Disney philosophy.
In Japan, there's a phrase like this with the same meaning (translated).
Hey my name is,, Sana From Palestine I'm a student of English literature. I need Some help with my writing..
I will get enough pay even though it is at my house!!!
So many people encouraged me so I appreciate you guys....
It says ``Vivid separates in contrasting hues (such as this fusion of tangerine and plum) feel modern when accented with a structured purse and wood accessories.
Does ``structured bag`` means the bag which is made of connected parts?
Lavoro a scuola.
English speeches are really good to practise English with.
Besides, it feels great to give a speech in front of many people. I always become extremely nervous though:P
Anyway, the kids were lovely and a pleasure.
On the way, I bought a mocha and sandwich at the Excesiol coffee shop.
I wish to have many meetings through this diary.
At least I must be conscious and careful of my bad habit of getting easily absorbed in Net-surfing...
It is already passed midnight, so I am very sleepy:(However, I cannot go to bed yet as I have not finished today's part of my studies...
These days, business at our store is very slow, and it makes me
I'm not a beginner anymore, but I'm not an expert either.
I'll go to Enoshima island with my friend by motorbike tomorrow.
Enoshima island is located near Kamakura.
Today I watched the Japanese story from VCD, The story was about a woman cartoonist who raised an orphaned cat named ``Sawa``.
I like Japanese Horror more anything else since it doesn't need any explanation.
do you know Ghibli movies?
Laputa is one of the best. (I can't decide no. 1) which is your best?
Some people observed my class so I was a little nervous.
Today's lesson objective was& nbsp; to get used to using the name of body parts such as nose, mouth, ear, and eye and to enjoy activities.
I'm in charge of a second grade class.
I think there are some things to modify.
Koushien is high school student's Baseball competiton.
In japan, almost all people know of some programs about language aired by NHK.
In fact, many people skilled in foregin langage such as bilingual and trilingual people have made use of them.
To follow in their footsteps, I have tried to watch the program.
So, sometimes I fall behind [?]
I had wanted to practise writing English,
Now I'm writing an article in English.
but I wanna keep writing for the sake of my English.
It has been raining since last night.
Soon the festival is going to end, so both flowers and tourists are few.
However, all of it were rich and delicious.
I often go to Jingu stadium to cheer for them.
Today, I'm writing this diary at the terrace of a starbucks cafe.
I didn't see his races in the past because F1 is very difficult for me to understand.
What was I wanted to go was Mikunopolis, which is the virtual idol Hatsune Miku's concert at Anime Expo.
I put some 'KAKIAGE' on it.
I want to introduce my character today.
When my teacher entered the classroom, we sang a Teachers 'Day song for her.
because up until yesterday we donate our holiday for this project...
But I think some people are normal.
The test is a conversation with a native English speaker for 15 minutes.
because I want to study arts in foreign countries.
I finished my homework very quickly bacause of the drama..
They hadn't known their responsibility until the party finished.
But it is not easy to decrease the welfare budget.
Many countries are facing this ecomonic crisis.
It's been a long time since I last visited this site.
Actually, When I was planning to visit South America,
But I guess that mission has not been completed.
Studying abroad is my important dream.
My father has not stood up since 2 days ago.
B: Don't worry.
I might love her, but I hardly know about her feelings and what she thinks about. Althogh she is really attractive...
I'm from the southern part of Korea, so I haven't seen much snow there.
Last night, I watched ``Hairspray``.
Maybe I like his voice.
Tonight, I'm going to take part in a Ghost tour.
Therefore, we can only imagine how life would be without schools.
I saw Gundam
Then my mother took me to buy some watermelon, because it was so cheap
Sapporo shrine
When I heard the news the prime minister didn't make an offering at Yasukuni shirine, I remembered Sapporo shrine.
Sapporo shrine is a shrine in Hokkaido.
I think this shrine is a park rather than a shrine.
I live in Saga, Japan and I go to university in Fukuoka.
I often watch movies and dramas with my mother.
I thought it was some kind of a suspense movie, but it filled me with a warm feeling in my heart in the end and reminded me of my brother.
Next day, my husband found an extra lock and attached it to the bike.
To avoid intensive use of electricity during weekdays, the rest-days of our company have been changed from Saturday and Sunday to Thursday and Friday.
So, today and tomorrow are my days off from work.
Therefore, I went to a Public Library to borrow 9 books.
I remember the library is full of books about Technology& Program, Geo& His.
Also, Hong Kong's Library lacks Audio Books.
Thomas the steam engine is one of the most popular animation characters in Japan.
It was held in a suburb of London with a lot of spectators.
It is difficult to have a chance to watch and ride on steam engins in Japan.
It's very important and significant to keep the old items in good condition.
lf you ride trains, you can see a lot of people using cellphones,
Or if you are walking down the street, many people walk while using their cellphones.
But thinking about a 9/ 11-type attack, it seems to be difficult to abandon our weapons and arsenals.
We're forced to defend ourselves and our allies.
And then, we wouldn't have to defend against, or deter any adversaries:P
President Obama's way of speaking is quite respectable.
After graduating from the collage of pharmacy, I joined a Japanese pharmaceutical company.
At that time, we had the dog (attached picture of beagle) who was a cute and smart boy.
Because she is too loud to make me consider everything.
There are a lot of pop up labels explaininghow themusic is nice... something like that.
Thank you for reading that.
It sounded like they were not native speakers of English.
I am from Colima, Mexico and my first language is Spanish, so I hope that I can help you to learn Spanish.
well if your answer is NO!, I send you an invitation to come to Mexico so you can get to know this beatiful country.
I met a friend who could spoke English and I said to her ``Could you give me some adivice on how to speak English fluently?`` She siad ``Probably your English level is good but you don't seem to speak English well so you should talk with a native person all the time.`` That was nice advice for me because I was thinking that I would try to talk with native person.
Recently I have studied English at an English website.
Nowadays, people face a series of problems surrounding the environment.
We usually do the things we want to do but damaged the environment at the same time.
I thought it's very very useful and helpful.
On Saturday morning, my friend bought breakfast for me.
The movies were very interesting.
It's not broadcasted enough in Japan.
Those photos are ``The old Hirosaki city library``, ``The old touougijuku foreigner teacher's house`` and ``Hirosaki castle.``
(I forgot to writing this.
But interpretation is very diffrent from speaking English.
I bought a coffee.
Wounded and broaken,
I have been making bread for two years at home and it has been a fun and refreshing te for me.
She just refuses them without giving them any chances.
I was in charge of facilitating an English conversation club for beginners today.
We have the class almost every week, and I often join it as a facilitator.
I thought visual aid can help me facilitate the class, and I was also able to enjoy watching the video.
I go to school.
Before I photoshop an image to upload onto the web, I'll finish the Coke, grab some fries, and write something here.
However, what should have been an impressive exhibit of his gifts, became an embarrassing moment because he didn't understand what he was asked and he also made mistranslations.
One of my favourite things about Japan is the cherry blossom season.
However, they are only enjoyed fora week or so.
The lifespan of them are very short and this, I think, makes cherry blossoms more special.
I had a cherry blossom party with my friends today.
I have to cook my own breakfast, lunch,& dinner.
Yesterday, I drew graffiti on a public road near my home.
Many, many kids drew graffiti with chalk.
And I drew graffiti (too) (....
Drawing on the road was very interesting.
My first experience with Russian was not very good, because there is no appropriated practice material and all that remains in my mind when I read a title like ``Russian in 30 days`` is an extreme frustration of not having mastered all the thousand ways to decline.
My poor English
My major at University was English.
Soon I will probably have a native English speaker friend.
It had been a long time since I saw my friends. We had much to talk about.
I had a long walk, went to Freshness Burger, listened to music that I like, let my mind drift back over random things, and tidied my stuff a bit.
I was kind of thinking about what happened to me yesterday.
I'm not going to write about this in the diary but some thing special happened to me yesterday.
I'm going to get ready for tomorrow
I have to specify cappacino or espresso or americano here.
I want learn the english language.
Because I was in a private educational institute, I couldn't see the first half.
At the beginning of the first half, Lee Jung soo scored the first goal.
But, at the end of the second half, Greek players played really well.
Although World Cup was held in another country, Korean people gathered in stadiums or big squares and cheered for Korean players.
Congratulations, to all the people from Krasnodar!
I have found that before I submit the paper about nationalism to my prof, I must perform a presentation about sociological methodology in my seminar.
That is more difficult than writing a paper!
There were so many participants.
You can read a variety of topics which a bit tough to find in regular libraries.
When I write, it's okay but when I speak that is not okay.
My English is broken by me when I talk.
I'm very happy that I have no class today because the typhoon is going to hit TAIWAN, and the authorities have decided to close the school and the company.
The typhoon may even cause a serious disaster like a flood or a
in it, but the pictures often come out blurry.
I finished working early today.
I then drank alcohol in a pub in front of Shizuoka station.
Honorific expressions are useful in business.
This summer holiday, my 11-year-old male cousin came to my family, taking two references of grade 5.
The task to assist him to review his courses in grade 5 burdened on me naturally.
When faced with my naughty cousin, I almost had no strategies.
Although imposing is unwise, it is obviously effective especially when coping with such a naughty boy in a short time.
I'm very sorry Fukushima has become infamous for the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plants.
Because she likes to play pc game,
Work using English in a Japanese company.
I did not know there was a website which brings together so many different people.
He was a professor of computer science and he was diagnosed as having an incurable cancer at my age.
Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don't want something badly enough.
I think it's a very useful tool to learn foreign languages because whererever I am, if I'm in the situation where I can use internet, I can talk to anyone all over the world.
but weekdays I get home at about 9pm, so I searched for an online (Skype) English school.
search....
How many school are there?
And now I've found a very nice website for learning English: I've already signed up, and now I'm writing my self introduction on it.
I subscribed to micro-blog on QQ, where I encountered a famous saying that says you shold use your mobile phone, when it hasn't been ringing for a while.
Someone once said, ``Our life was made of 5 percent of surprise and the same amount of grief, the rest is normal things that you cannot remember.``
My eyes glistened with tears.
Like this diary, whenever I have time to teach.
I am looking for beginner, intermediate and advanced persons.
And tomorrow is May 1st.
Now, I don't speak English much. In japan, there is no opportunity to talk to anyone in English.
I want to introduce the review in the book, and I'm going to translate the review little by little.
I am interested in 'Mizuhiki', which are colorful strings used for special occasions.
Actually it was still raining outside when I was writing the sentence.
Hi bbvoncrumb, thanks for your compliment.
because I have low blood pressure and I'm senstive to cold.
If I can pass the test, I can go abroad and get training, take part in editing textbooks...
We will eat local food and go shopping! kkkk
Because I will study hard for examination before it.
He said, ``I slept yesterday without using a heater, in order to save electricity.
I enjoy exchanging postcards with people in other countries.
at that time, the appearance was just like a bamboo stick.
Everyone will go somewhere even if it is expensive.
I'm writing in the early morning just after my job has ended....
Thank you for reading my diary.
It's fine today although some clouds sporadically adorn the blue sky.
If you are allergic to pollen, I'm sorry to say so.
I don't have hay fever, so I can't relate to the calamity.
If you were in a quaint village where the roofs of the houses were thatched and you were surrounded by a number of beautiful cherry blossoms, even the word ``spectacular`` wouldn't suffice/ be adequate.
People revel in drinking and eating there and eventually grow into boisterous because of intoxications.
I don't know where this 'UNCOMFORTABLE' feeling comes from.
I can do it again, keep going ~ ~!!
we felt happy because we had been out of contact for a long time since we went to college. Hence, we talked about a lot of things including tiring things but finally, we both had a good state of mind.
4 What's the difference between 'I have some questions for you' and 'I have some questions to ask you'?
Today, I came into the office as early as usual.
I remember the time of my interview, during which my manager asked me whether I could get through difficulties or not, and my answer was definitely yes.
However, I feel it's a little difficult to do it now, because it's very hard to get along well with my colleagues.
This is my first time using Internet to learn language!
To type English with keyboard makes me crazy, 'cause choosing the word to describe the situation that I wanna express takes me a lot of time!
Today I have stronger pain than yesterday.
While watching posted videos on Youtube, I am discouraged
George Michael and Shogo Hamada.
My laundry won't dry!:(
Eating and drinking good food and wine with people is fun, what is more, the dinner is free.
I appreciate having the chance to go to XXXschool and I hope that I do
There are some things that we are not clear about, and then we have misunderstandings and it makes people who are affected by our mistake feel angry, or at least uncomfortable.
We can't deny the dominance of England in comparison with the rest nations about aspects of life, but it should be clear in the way we call nations 'names.
I have ever thought that Great Britain and England were the same, and this lack of knowledge of mine made one of my friends feel uncomfortable.
And now, after taking a class on British culture, I know exactly the reason.
Because, I didn't transfer money to bank!
I transfered money to bank a little while ago...
I hope that my website's data isn't deleted...
Because the wine distributor arrived yesterday.
By the way, it will be rainy tomorrow.
I can write some sentences in English because I studied grammar in Japan, but I'm not sure if it is natural or not.
I prepared to go to college in a hassle, because the speed at which the lecture takes place is very fast.
This is the reason why the lecturer illustrates with a monitor, not a blackboard.
So I thought ``What's that!`` when I woke up this morning.
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Parents are the best teachers.
However, we haven't decided the day when we will go yet.
I don't know why, but foreign senior men who appear on Japanese TV shows also speak 'OYAJI-GAG' on the show.
What was more, I didn't want to get off the bus even though I traveled from Barcelona to Madrid for 8 hours.
I read the news recently and heard about the major earthquake that happened in Haiti and killed many people.
I believe that my country make sure to help them.
Cause he will back to Hong Kong and will not return in vacation.
I think it begins with noting, then it finishes either with nothing.
a freaky interview experience
Now it wants to launch its own shops; hence, it needs to recruit some store managers, sales persons, and marketing executives as well.
HR called me yesterday and asked me if I was interested in the position (marketing executive) or not.
However, this company has totally disappointed me.
First, I filled out a sheet of personal information and a sheet of MARKETING questions--freaky questions.
The interviewer asked me to briefly introduce myself and asked me several questions.
Thus, I asked how many brands they would launch soon and she wasn't able to answer me.
I also asked about the location of the new shop and she said she didn't know.
That really surprised me because the new shop will be launched in the coming April.
So I wanted to go to Kyoto in the morning for sightseeing.
But my spine ached... therefore my motivation disappeared.
Maybe today 'll be consumed by reading books.
I've had my chopsticks in my left hand when I had a meal 3 months ago.
Left handers are excellent at feelings and inspirations compared to right handers.
After that, we had a barbecue party to celebrate the successful completion.
I come from Vietnam, a beautiful country.
. Australia.
It's 23. 14 and I've just finished watching the first episode of Gilmore girls.
I had classes every day during my first year at my university.
S is composed of 99 members divided between 5 sections,
this is my first diary..
I decided to improve my English and I need your help.
Searching for the meaning of life, human-beings seldom think about the
Working like a bee and then panting like a dog, this kind of lifestyle keeps bothering us people day to day without an end.
It was during Happy Hour.
I like beer, but I haven't drunk it in my home for about 2 years.
part time job
I went to my part time job.
but I have to work to earn money.
To what extent do you agree or diagree with this idea? ``
If the company sells their goods only on the internet, what would happen to people who cannnot use the computer?
In my country, Japan, many company use web-application systems.
It is a smarting pain rather than just feeling a tingle.
So my room became simple and (refreshed?)
She told me that she would quit teaching English school, because she was busy with raising two young children aged 9 and 7 years, and support her husband who would like to change his job, and also she wants to pursue her career in writing.
I need to Travel around my country to finish my job.
but I don't have much opportunities to practise my oral english.
I have started to snowboard since this year.
This Sunday was a little bit different than usual because we had twelve visitors from Cambodia.
When he asked her if she would do it, she willingly accepted his plan.
Eventually, the plan proceeded this afternoon.
After I became a grown-up, I'm likely to be shy and nervous, so sometimes I lack aggressiveness.
When I think about Arabian people and Latin people, even if they don't know much about English grammar, they can speak and listen to English, and they don't seem to be shy or nervous or hesitate.
Japanese especially have a tendency to be silent, I think.
In Japanese education, listening to what teachers or people say is a virture, so people won't say anything while someone is speaking.
, and happy Halloween!
We plan to go drriving tomorrow, however a meeting time and our destination is not decided.
She probably drinks beer in a pub.
It was very sunny today, so I went to Osaka Castle Park to see cherry blossoms with my son.
because everyday I think ``l 'm happy, l have all the things l want`` but sometimes l don't want anything.
So, I have to eat lunch alone!
I didn't eat breakfast yet.
My English teacher recommended it to me, so I expected a lot before I watched it.
But after a while, you will know it has been spiritually nourishing.
I'm not good at learning English.
I'm in my final year of the Dutch equivalent of high school.
I still made my first entry here an English one, mostly because I have my first English final coming up and it just happens to be a writing assignment.
And also because I just really enjoy writing in English, and I'm kind of afraid to write in German for some reason.
I've never felt sick since I came to Australia, but at that time, just that particular day, I wasn't fine.
Last Monday, I met my former classmates.
It was lovely day so we bought lunch and ate in the park.
But I did an oral test, I don't speak English very well, I don't have the opportunity to talk in English, I need to find some way to train my conversation, but I don't know where.
TUTOR!
I'm looking forward to seeing my lovely wife in yukata.
You told me that you were taught Shakespeare with boredom when you were around 8 to 11.
I love TED and Steve Jobs 'speech in Stanford university.
I appreciate learning 2. 0:-)
If you want a product cheeper than the retail price, it is very useful.
Many Koreans use Coupang, Ticketmonster, Gurupon...
Social commerce site have various kinds of coupons: shopping mall, beauty shop, hair shop, nail shop, massage shop, restaurant, cafe..
etc..
Because if I think too much, I can't continue.
I am busy, so I am going to just try and try.
I thought it must be a lie, but when I visited her apartment, I saw there were four bananas in the kitchen.
so my daughter was eager to go out somewhere.
Haneda airport was used mainly for domestic flights and connected to only 4 foreign airports in China and South Korea.
The workers took off their shoes inside the building until it officially opened in order to keep it clean.
Dear friends!
It is difficult to point out the errors in the Japanese sentences non-natives write.
We read a recipe while we cooked ``tororo-conbu-nabe``.
It was a great success, though it is our first time cooking it.
The part 'hoor' sounds like 'whore' in English (sorry for the wording..
So the Englishman thought my mother often called her colleague a
Englishman thought my mother called her colleague whore for sure.
so my friend advised to write my journal in this site.
Hmmmmm, I've got to make new friends.
I want to use the phrase, ``Get to the bottom of this``.
If you can't believe in yourself, just concentrate and keep up the effort.
``A Class of Art``
I will have an art class and I'm going to go to near the port, and I will paint a picture of a fishing boat.
Yesterday, I played soccer from early morning.
I will join a soccer tournament in November.
Please correct my English.
When I drove my car, I was aware that the right side blinker of my car flashed faster than the left side blinker.
I found that the bulb on the front right side blinker didn't work.
It might be more expensive than fixing at a gas station.
That reminds me of the death of princess Diana who died in Paris when she was followed by many paparazzi.
Also, people misunderstand the important news of the world, since every time you see the television in Japan, there are so many programs with information of the star's gossip; because of such nonsense information, it reduces the time to show other serious news that is much more important for the world.
By the gossip from the media, these fans can be confused of the difference of the image and behavior of such stars.
My birthday is this Saturday.
I think I didn't do well.:(After the test, a cinematographer came to my school and gave a speech.
there aren't a lot of days left till the World Cup!
If someone asks me ``how about writing an essay together about his
From tomorrow I'm gonna start to attend a English institute.
He is Korean but at this moment lives in Japan and studies Spanish.
I am going to visit Tokyo tomorrow as my sister is getting married.
Although I have visited Tokyo once before, I am excited to go there again.
A mail from a colleague was about my boss '
I chose chemistry while others chose geography, biology, physics, politics, or history.
In my point of view, that is just because they all belong to science.
In university, the physics class is much more difficult than before.
I have thought that a person would be slimmer after finishing a series of difficult questions.
We had a wonderful time in NYC and Washington, DC too.
I thought that maybe they were born in (came from) Europe when I first listened to their music.
I felt the European style in their music.
Polular places for Hanami such as Ueno Koen are usually very noisy because of people talking, shouting, singing etc.
I am Korean.
Although I can't speak efficiently, I want to enjoy with friends who can speak English.
The main topics of conversation were all around me, like seasons, alcohol, hobbies, gambling, etc...
However, this experiment has encouraged me to learn English.
Yesterday I took this picture because the flower was so beautiful.
I mean that even though people prepare enough to achieve something they would like to get through successfully, when it counts, they get so nervous and worried and as a result they can't perform as they had thought they would be able to.
It's difficult to describe.
The animation is so beautiful and I think it can be proud as a Japanese culture.
So today, I was looking for good ways to practice my english in an interesting way-watching movies, chatting, and talking are very good ways aren't they?
Good night and thanks for reading,
It is the most exciting MANGA I've ever read.
They sometimes make me angry, but not really because they're my lovely dogs.
But it's lunch time soon!
Hong Kong was a very fun and lovely place.
There were many different foods, it was very yummy,
As I could try the flavors of several countries, it was very interensting and delicious.
My colleague from the previous company (I worked for) called me last night.
``The competitors can't do it.``
because I'm afraid I will need a lot of corrections..
Good morning from Thailand
As soon as I got up, I washed my face and brushed my teeth.
I'm looking forward to that, someday.
You also wouldn't hear the noise of cars on the road, because there were few cars at that time. Most of people went to work by bicycle.
Their were green plants instead of high gray buildings.
I suppose their strategy is very successful among this generation because of their reliance on the Internet.
In addition, the laziness of their customers results in the offer of a delivery service.
The older we get, the better we get at handling human relationships.
And then I went to snowboard about twice a season.
In the future after our dreams come true, I hope to travel overseas with her.
I want to write the reason why I study English.
Above all, I just stayed and traveled there without any consideration for my future, whether I could get a job, and so on.
Belorussians almost never say ``Good morning.``
This term
This term is so interesting.
I am surprised that so many people are able to speak good Japanese which is said to be one of the most difficult languages in the world.
My dog is called Rei.
My dog is sleeping on the sofa.
My first trip outside Taiwan was Japan when I was 13.
Earning money by myself is not unusual for me; however, it's really something to make money in a foreign language and a foreign country.
When you want to rent equipment such as a camcorder, a lighting unit, a microphone, etc., we ask you to register as a member of the Community Media Center.
Something happened to me recently.
I went to a japenese food restaurant with my boss yesterday.
The G7 meeting ended and they decided to carry out some provision which has never been done before.
I have to have my motorcycle looked at by the motorcycle shop's employees.
Yesterday, I was very excited because it was my first time
Because there was already existing resources which I did not create.
The strategy is how I should make use of the resources, thinking of priorities and limits themselves, I guess.
But I realized the existence of copy right, and I gave it up.
I asked an electronics store to repair my air conditioner.
I want to know about Minnesota.
Today I went to the club Camelot in Shibuya.
I really think ``What a wonderful world`` every morning.
Because it is intersting and fashion in the clothes.
I would like to join the next party some day, as well.
As I didn't know when to submit it, I asked my friend for the deadline.
I really recommend this book.
It's second Sunday of May today.
Now they're keeping that secret just between them, their mother has not known that it's Mother's Day today.
Each Ramen shop chef has his or her own recipe.
There you can be satisfied with each bowl at a reasonable price.
It rained yesterday, so I came home to my dorm by school bus.
Also I think that we have been only learning formal sentences because when I talked to native English speakers, I could not understand anything they said even though they spoke slowly for me.
Facing the failure of my College Entrance Examination, I felt depressed at first.
Finally, I want to be rich.
I feel sometimes it's good to get away from electrical gadgets and doing something different from what I usually do.
From today, I want to keep writing as many entries as possible anyway.
Today's picture is the most beautiful beach I visited in Taketomi island.
and our body gets older. We need to take care for ourself such as eating a value food that is useful for the body. Even ``water`` seems to be important.
I tried to communicate with British people.
There are three pieces of news which I'm worrying about:
We have classes in her office over tea and cakes.
Susan and Catherine are very American.
She wanted to be a conductor of an orchestra when she was a high school student and she majored in music in college.
They are Chiba Lotte Marines (a Japanese Professional Baseball Team) fans.
I had took this method for the past six months, but I did not improve much.
If you have a good method for learning English, can you share with me?
I am from Saudi Arabia.
I joined this community site because one of my friends recommended it to me.
it's difficult, for me, writing in English daily.
Anyway I had a good day.
The store is very big, and I was so excited about shopping.
time and I also forgot that I came there from the other side.
Am I your daughter? ``My parents laughed.
Do you remember? ``The assistants laughed too.
When I was growing up, my parents often tell me about/ remind me about this thing, and we laugh about it.
I'm getting better recently.
Then I wondered why all of girls who you kissed were very surprised, when they looked at my face.
In the world, there are many people that commit suicide. Maybe they have many different reasons.
People always do something they are unlikely to do but they must do.
People always do something bad for themself but they still do it. I think my smoking is the same with those people.
I want to make foreign friends!!!
I'm enjoying 1 Litre of Tears now.
Yesterday I stopped by some Indian-curry restaurant to have lunch.
So I encourage myself.
I'm learning Jazz dancing from 4 years ago and I'll try to do yoga and belly dancing this year!
sun. Meanwhile, my boys worked very hard.
They cleaned at the bottom of the mountain.
True or False?
We try to gather audience, but only a few people come to our show.
Like most of the Chinese students, I have been learning English for a long time and improving it by taking various language exams.
It should be after my Japanese language proficiency test level 1 and earlier than my 1-year-exchange in Japan next year.
To recite all of those vocabulary and pick up English writing, I have decided to start writing dairy on Lang-8 once again and I hope I will do it longer this time.
I am learning some words that I am not familiar, espacially those from TOEFL vocabulary.
3, I really need to improve my English which is very important for job and I'll do it with my full heart.
I feel little ashamed of myself.
My friends what are your suggetions to my English study?
I can type anything I i want to share with you guys.
The main actor is Won Bin, who is very handsome and tough.
Especially in the last scene in which the main character struggles with all the bad guys is very cool and exciting.
So I recommend that children and pregnant women don't see the movie.
but I couldn't.
I like winter but today I thought that this winter is too cold& long/ hard and it will be wonderfull if it is over sooner and spring comes.
I went to see Jesus Christ Superstar by a Japanese theatre company yesterday.
Yesterday's stage was called ``Japanese version``.
Kanamori as Judas 'song is ringing in my ears... painfully sad voice.
For several years, some friends of mine, who are very well versed on the subject of comic books, suggested that I read Watchmen/ suggested to me that I read Watchmen.
The depth and humanity of the characters makes them different from the stereotypical comic book heroes.
The plot deals with several interesting themes such as human nature, perceived reality, politics and the difference between ideology and reality.
She says she enjoyed it, but I think it was a little hard to understand for her.
It's the sweet potato season!!
I like sweet potatoes very much.
I want to make baked sweet potatoes, tempura of sweet potato, and many other delicious things.
I'm going to get some sweet potatoes, so I can start cooking sweet potatoes!!
Are there other dishes using sweet potato?
Some people might say it is meaningless.
A 100 yen shop has daily goods, stationaries, toys and even food.
The rent is determined by various factors such as location, neighborhood, building age, amenities, whether or not there is a doorman, elevators, and so on.
Since the neighborhood itself is very popular, the rent level is very high even if quality of an apartment is low.
I prefer to live comfortibly comfortably inside an apartment because I spend more time inside than in the neighborhood.
Thank you for reading my diary!
However, a familiar word, ``McDonald's``, as we can see around the world, has the letter ``D`` in it as a capital letter.
Additionally, she was a patriot and we should construct a statue to extol this noble spirit.
Statues are built to remember people who contributed to society, and thereby making more people realize their responsibility to the country.
We went to Bexhill which is near Eastbourne.
We went to see The Red Arrows show in Eastbourne.
We saw two ponies, a pig, chickens and many kids tried feed them all the time.
I went to see the broadway musical ``Legally Blond`` last night.
Please check my grammar.
My favorite figure skater is Plushenko,_ because his skating is very good and exciting.
and because now I have native speakers to speak with and practice with, even this site is one of my important reasources ^ ^
These things, for me, are so beautiful.
Please correct any grammatical errors or any expressions not commonly used.
I rememeber when my girlfriend and I started to see each other, she always made fun of me and told others that I'm so stupid to be with a girl in the same department, even in the same school.
Stars are very beautiful.
My heart becomes peaceful.
The view from the small mountain is especially good!
I'm looking forward to that time.
In an hour's time, I will go to school to continue my studies.
Chinese lesson, english lesson, maths lesson and so on.
I hope to elect the person that has proper thoughts and actions.
Sorry, I haven't posted my diary for two weeks.
A presentation topic will be attractive with the support of examples and proof, especially for academic, scientific and technical presentations.
I'd like to improve my speaking skill by using my iPod and this speaker.
I am an account executive.
Everyday I need to handle all kinds of things that are complicated and irritating.
I think I should be more careful and diligent in my work.
I'm a beginner on this site.
This is my first daily.
I read a book about organizing of desk, information and thinking.
Most Popular Characters in Japan
After I moved it, I checked the data on the DVD-Rs.
and after a while, thenPC went blue (screen) again.
Because I felt very cold, we went back early.
Hi! My name is Yasuna. I am a freshman at a Japanese college.
The First
Below is my introduction.
In the future, I want to become a successful secretary.
That's all to my personal introduction.
As I did poorly on the listening and writing.
Quantitive, Verbal....
I wondered a little bit if the bubbles are bad for the lawn.
Chinese tekens, gebruikt in het Japans, kunnen op verschillende manieren worden gelezen zonder dat hun betekenis verandert.
I wanted to watch them because they are so famous.
Naruto is famous in Japan too.
I tried drawing at the workshop.
But I couldn't even draw straight lines.
But our program teachers, young Americans, have opened my eyes.
what's your methods?
I am a University student in Kyoto and I am 20 years old.
It's an old Japanese motorcycle.
Sometime last month,
At the beggining of counseling, I asked a student what the biggest problem facing him was.
Maybe someone wants to know something about Russia.
The song I want to practice next is the classic old song [Just Once].
It is ``I'm not okay`` composed by My Chemical Romance.
The sky in autumn is so beautiful especially in Japan!
If you have not seen it, I will really reccomend it.
``autumn`` and '`` fall ``
Some sentences in the novel ``Night`` which I don't understand.
And here are some sentences that I found emotional and beautiful (I don't know how to describe it appropriately, maybe you can help me XD) and want to share with you guys:
It is famous for its ``night market``.
Wooh it is almost 4 o 'clock in the morning and
My voice surprised my son when I read his picture books.
My company is a commercial firm so we purchase products from Switzerland and sell them.
Since we send products to the customer after we receive their order, it takes a long time.
Our products are very complicated and people may be unfamiliar with them (it is a device for vacuum), so we need to think of it and find a good way.
My main job is solving my client task by digital communication.
I can hear spectators sing a song together in order to cheer players up at sport events such as soccer and baseball.
I make it a point to listen to Enya's songs when I am stressed.
It looked like tweezers.
He told me ``These are tongs for chips.
Are they convenient to eat snacks with?!
I want to study English and Spanish. I have been studying English for a long time,
I bought 20 graded readers books
I'm looking forward to receiving the package.
We are looking forward to visit Denmark very much.
Since January 1st, I have been writing diaries in English on another site.
The Sushi he made was so delicious, and his delight (from it) was able to be seen. And a smile on people faces who ate his Sushi was noticeable.
Knowledge is what makes adult and chilren different from one another.
Finally is skill.
Consequently, my concentration increased and I could go home early.
It seems I have a new computer right now but I don't like it. I like the old one because I was used to using it.
There are many attractions.
Speaking of attractions, some of them will scare people but they are out of order.
I have a fear of heights.
I'm a chicken.
He has a very good physique.
We asked a person there to take pictures of us.
When my daughter found the bicycle after waking from her nap, she said,
``The bicycle is laying on the ground!``
sunny day
person in the music industry.
Friendship is an essential ingredient in the making of a healthy, rewarding life.
All people have the right to access the best medicine available.
While some people think it is necessary to ensure human lives by providing them with advanced treatments and the best medicine, it would be very difficult to take care of or save their lives completely in terms of the budget and facilities.
It is true that people should be treated equally regardless of their level of income.
Rich individuals or companies cannot take responsibility for the medical world.
For example, in Japan, it takes a long time to raise enough funds for patients 'operations. The government still lacks money even after abolishing unnecessary business activities.
I have been impressed by the theory of Ebbing house before.
I'm visiting websites, including this one, by using my cellphone.
How delicious it was!
Firstly, miso can be divided into two types in terms of its color, aka (red) miso and shiro (white) miso.
It's really hard to describe colors in English precisely!
so I've been tired these days.
OKINAWA's music has very special harmony.
Your country may have that kind of biscuit too but Tim Tams have a special ingredient which your country doesn't allow to put in biscuits-drugs!!
My next English lesson will be about superstitions.
Now I work in a kindergarten, I do like children, but I don't like to play with them all day long.
It's my first time logging in LANG-8, so I'm new.
I want to change jobs, but I have no confidence 'cause of my poor English.
Just kidding ^ ^ But I want to if I can.
My dream is to become a management consultant.
I cough so seriously that sometimes I can't even breath.
After coughing for 3 days my mother said ``I think we should see the doctor, the doctor of traditional Chinese medicine.`` The doctor of traditional Chinese medicine is about 60 years old.
English business letter
My customs broker says that the importer's name was my storage company's name on the B/ L.
I think it's very hard for a person with no experience like me to get a job. It must be very hard at the beginning, but I believe that I can have a better tomorrow if I work hard. ^ ^
I used to save my small allowance to buy a new album and then listened to it thousands of times.
What is strange is that on the other hand they're willing to pay 300-400 yen to download a single 'chaku-uta (music file specially coded for mobile phones)', to get the song immediately when they want it.
I guess what they value more is convenience than a small amount of money, which is I think a bit too expensive for a single song though.
Dubois put her girls to bed and was waiting for her husband while sitting on the sofa alone with the lights turned off, when Mr.
Dubois, who has been deeply distressed, finally said to him, ``Honey, it's already 9 o' clock. ``
I was got a little cultural shock at that scene.
The younger people in their 20s usually go out with friends till very late.
When my husband and I were dating, we used to meet around 8 or 9pm after work and hang out in a cafe or bar, then went our separate ways around 10 or 11pm.
Restaurants usually close at 10pm and supermarkets and shops usually close after midnight. Moreover, there are lots of bars which stay open through the whole night.
Topic: you need to write an appropriate response to Neil, being around 100 ~ 150 words in length
How are you doing? Last night, I saw a TV program that said Japanese people eat Japanese food less these days.
How are you? Your letters never cease to enjoy me.
Second, the number of Japanese families who buy groceries from online supermarkets increasing these days is not a good way to buy food because, in my opinion, using online services like this would discourage people from enjoying themselves before making meals.
Personally, even if a custom in one country is so cruel or so stupid seen from people from other countries, they don't have the right to say if the country's custom is good or not; all customs have the right to exist in the world.
Although this entry is so long, please correct this> <; sorry!
Today I slept until 10: 00.
I started to write a diary to improve my english:)
So many people were there. I saw many beautiful girls and floats.
But the most surprising event was the Stealth B-2 fighter flying over
The Taiwanese people are very kind.
I love Taiwan and Taiwanese people.
I can make various pound cakes, for example, chocolate, peanuts, banana& walnuts, raisins, and some dry fluits.
I take pictures of some trifle object that has a nice atmosphere.
Then he suddenly started talking about gambling and the rich man who is the president of oil company in Singapore and winning 20000 $ last night and he taught me how to win.
I'm Japanese and I'm Buddhist.
However, a lot of Japanese people like to celebrate Christmas like foreign people.
I've heard that in many foreign countries, people buy presents for their family.
However in Japan it seems to be only for children and couples.
Maybe it is used as advertisement for toys or jewelry?
I gave presents to my nephew and niece.
After graduating from ESL and switching around some majors such as Spanish and Social Work, I felt like studying more about the earth and the things related to it, so finally I majored in Geography which focuses on resources and the environment.
My school life here in TX has been interesting and fun although learning English is still in progress and I still have long long long way to go.
I'm a graduate student and will graduate from my university next spring.
I need to wait until the company starts interviewing again.
So I decided to return to the place where my university is located.
Neighborhood restaurants menu
I could add new a item to my neighborhood restaurants menu.
But it was not the that strange until my college classmate appeared.
I don't know why I always dream about my elementary school, highschool, and the places I played in when I was a child.
Suddenly I feel like reading blogs that/ which are written in English.
There are many language in the world and I selected English first because I've been studying since junior high school and originally I liked English, especially I want to understand and use ``jokes in English`` (hahaha)
To be awkward, I want to teach more to 13 girl and play with 11 girl!
It is of the ``Godzila Rock,`` which is in Syari town of Shiretoko peninsula.
I sat for examinations from Tuesday to Saturday.
My classmates suggested we go to see the movie 2012 to relax and release our pressure that's been repressed these past few weeks.
I've skipped it twice, and if I am absent the class three times, I can't pass the exams, even if I get 100 points.
Even watching TV is a little bit hard.
And I looked up about my class 'teacher too.
Luckily, I downloaded all the episodes from the Internet and watched it within half a year.
But the even busier season is coming soon.
I work alone until very late in office when I have big projects to complete.
Sometimes until 3am or 4am...
I got an offer to do website and product design from Switzerland company.
But it failed.
For exeample, optimistic, negative, positive, cheerful, kind, strong, and more
Please give me your good advice!!!!
In November I will go to Finland to meet an international coordinator who is in Uni.
Actually, it took longer because I transited in Malaysia.
I enjoyed talking with them, and could feel cultural differences.
When I heard that, I felt the immense distance between countries because the sun sets earlier in Korea.
But there is a difference between only knowlage from a dictionary and the stories we can listen from people living there.
I wish I could have traveled around Australia because there are a lot of good places to visit.
I should have gone to the Great Barrier Reef for scuba diving.
So, I'll go to the Kaname-cho station to study English with my friend who teaches me.
Therefore, I make it a habit to check calories.
I'm disappointed with this result, but probably
I'll study basic English, like I studied when I
Once I have begun to write diary, I check for my buddies and reply everyday...
Although I'm doomed to fail, It is an ordinary thing for me and I will do it again and again..
Today I made fried celery and bacon, boiled spinach with sesame, and rice balls.
Tomorrow I'll make boiled potato and beef with soy sauce, and some appetizers.
I'm on a business trip in KOBE, HYOGO-prefecture.
Many foreigners are in KOBE.
I usually go on a business trip for ten days in a month.
It's hard for me to take a long time for transportation.
Recently I was thinking about two questions:
second, where can my own happiness and experience come from?
I will go to France for 3 months from august to october to do research for biology.
In the lab I will go to, everybody should communicate with English.
My major is Japanese.
I have a lot of interests.
I cannot contact some friends who live in the devastated areas.
We also decided that we would sing together one English song and one Japanese song and after we sing well, we will post it on YouTube.
I will use ipod and master singing English songs.
But the younger one hates it.
Of course this is a good way, but before doing that, for people who are not confident with their speaking like me, it's very useful to learn how to write well organized English.
So I'm practicing in this way so that I can put together English words quickly.
I found the answer to this question.
Work is important for me to enrich my life.
Nice to meet everyone!
Recently, I was too busy.
Please look forward to my next journal.
From tomorrow, I'm gonna start working on my desk and I feel like that's gonna go well.
So I could not agree with his opinion.
For some people, red is a beautiful and lucky color.
But, I learned that it's sad to regret in the future.
Vietnamese learning English
Hello everybody, I am Vietnamese and I want to learn English.
I think that is a long time, but I am not good at English.
I love shopping, besides I'm just a student yet and, because of it, I'm constantly poor.
Cut an onion lengthwise in half and slice the halved onions.
Place some butter into a frying pan and and fry the onion over a moderate flame until golden brown (for about 8 minutes).
While we were walking, we discovered spinach in the field, which is a vegetable I really like.
I could enjoy having a dinner with a wonderful side-dish of refreshing spinach.
They always say, ``We are too busy now, so we can't deal with your things at once.`` And when we ask them when they can do it, their official response is ``we will do it on our own schedule, but we don't know when we can finish it.`` Nevertheless, our leader has no power to ask them do our matter as soon as possible.
I don't know whether I should work harder atmy job, or look for a better job in near future.
I love autumn too.
I like this season the best because the climate is very accurate to do anything.
As soon as I woke up I felt a sore throat.
I thought ``Today, I'm not so busy, I will be OK,`` but unfortunately...???
Because I find I'm wasting my time.
We should combine them with some other ideas or some global standard.
To me, English is a charming language.
Some students use color or highlighters.
I'm working at a logistics company,
Today the weather was bad.
When I stayed at home in the Kanto-area on Friday, some violent shaking occurred.
But a typhoon hit.
I hate when independent rock bands break up because they are not famous and they can't find the opportunities to succeed.
Filipino girl, 3.
But I can't speak English fluently, so I will mend my ways and enjoy everyday to the fullest.
Ten days later will be Chistmas, but it will also bring me a difficult problem. That is what should I buy for my supersivor as a christmas gift?
I work in a InterContinental hotel (a international hotel) where most of the mangement staff are foreginers. Such as my direct boss is from Australia, our manager is from Netherland. our GM from italy so on.
Generally speaking, we celebrate christmas just for pleasure in China.
But this time it is absolutely differen. We will be celebrating christmas with some real foreigners!
So I think it's necessary to buy something special for them as a christmas gift to help them to have the same christmas as before. At least they will also recieve a gift.
I think their feelings about Christmas is a bit diffrerent from China, and my main task is to make chrismas as fun as it would be in their homeland..
Shino-chan also came to Osaka from Hiroshima for to take the lesson.
I heard an interesting speech.
But I think it's very important that we have to show consideration for each other.
Our group's main purpose is introducing Japanese student guides to student travelers.
My friends recommended that I eat dinner.
I might look for people who can advise for me about diet.
In order to do it I walk around and go up and down.
And through some windows I can see some green around my house.
As you know, the roads in the morning are full of cars which are driven by workers.
In my opinion every subject is important.
Many students think maths is more difficult than Chinese, so they spend more time doing maths than they do practicing Chinese.
It will make me feel lonely.
How do movies or TV affect people? No. 4
Heroes and heroines achieve great success of their business, attain sweet love of their life, and gain high respect of their fame so easily within a two-hour long movie.
When watching it, audiences can experience the same events and share the same feelings. As a result, this whole process would fulfill their fantasies and cause them to find balance in their lives, or to some degree, lose the balance in their lives. This all depends not only on the movies but also the audiences themselves.
To put it differently, tasks are arduous for mass media to bring people laughter, joy and relaxation, and at the same time some pedagogic meanings.
I've been practising magic tricks since I was in the university.
The earthquake happened in Tohoku and along the Pacific Ocean coast this afternoon.
So you might see a rainbow, although there are some other necessary conditions.
I went to an Italian restaurant with my husband.
It was so delicious that I ate too much.
I want to tell my sister about this restaurant.
The end of it threw me a curve when her hand suddenly appeared from her grave.
Also, she said that ``You can never be careful enough; you are a girl.``
This evening, I read a novel wrote by a Britain woman writer titled, ``Harry Potter and Magic Stone``.
His uncle has a chubby and spoiled son.
The uncle and aunt treated Harry cruelly.
Harry went to the Witchcraft and Wizandry School with the help of an escort who was from that school, and began his legendary experiences.
There was trouble on Wednesday,
The sore throat will heal by gradation.
I am very happy!
Tomorrow I have an interview test to work at a part-time job.
I am a bit nervous.
Then, we took the travel agency's bus there.
We were disappointed because we had spent time and money. We just took the bus all day. Then I went to the travel agency, and they returned some of our money.
According to the news, it is an approaching Typhoon.
I heard about Lang-8 accidentally from a Chinese website called CnBeta, a IT news website.
One measure I am taking is the pursuit of muscle exercise.
Unfortunately, There are no lessons in the holidays.
They live in apartments near the university so that they can go to school by bike.
First I need to copy a book for him.
Do I sound a little mysterious?
My bad luck began when last month I went to a temple to pray for more money.
So I was thinking, ``I definitely have to go there again.``
Now, I feel like my esophagus is burning.
I need to find a way to alleviate my anxiety.
As a female patient, I have good reason to lose my rationality.
We talked about the past, the embarrassments happened to us.
I'm twenty-one now, and I have many random thoughts. (my friends call me ``poet`` sometimes; I wish I wouldn't make you laugh).
I'm sorry I know I should.
but still I don't know what I want to do after I finish these studies.
I continued to make the panda that I began (?) yesterday, again I made some mistakes-.-I was really hoping to finish it today, but I guess maybe it will be tomorrow lol
Because of that terrible life style, I had a high fever every month, got the flu in winter and suffered from chronic constipation.
The host family was good, I thought!
``It makes no difference to me.``
I want someone to correct my diaries.
As a result my performance was OK but my index finger was burnt.
Well, I will enjoy the party.
I just need to be happy but it's so difficult.
Our country has a lot of good culture., so I want to introduce it to people.
And recently, the custom of wearing kimono is dying, because many Japanese do not wear kimono anymore. So, I want to try and bring this custom back to life.
Thanks! ~ ~
Hair Of Beautiful Women
I want to improve my English and it depends on the criticism, so truly, I hope you can help me correct my English.
However, all the hotels around the airport are expensive.
One day, my co-worker told me about lang-8.
I feel that here is a good place to learn, becuase many people share their diaries.
First, I have an English test in August, so I must spent a month in for preparing it.
Well, I've mostly just hung out with my friends and went the library the last few days.
After Choo-Suk, Korea's second job recruiting season will be begin.
I hope to work for an international company where I can use English or Chinese.
Of course 10 people including me were attending the meeting for a system assessment; 4 people were foreigners who came from our HQ and most of the other people had a good English speaking ability.
At first, it was a little exciting. I tried to listen to them and understand what they explained.
These exams will be very difficult for me.
Recently, I watched the movie ``A single man`` with Colin Firth as lead actor and the brilliant Julianne Moore.*
It's just because of Tomek Michniewicz's book ``Samsara``.
But I will write a blog everyday.
So he is sleeping beside me at the moment to rest.
I appreciate in advanced to people on this site, because I need help with my English writing.
Yesterday was Christmas Eve.
After this trip, I think I should study English harder all over again.
Today I wrote an email to my customer.
But my colleague said, ``it is incorrect.``
Originaly I wasn't a person who was in charge of anything because I was the youngest of three children in my family.
I went to an exhibition about the/ our solar system with my BF because BF's major subject is electronics and his father recommeded it to us.
I also played Bloom 3 and Bloom 4.
I went to sell unwanted things to a recycle shop last weekend.
Though I've thought about these words lately, I still don't knowwhich situations these words are used in by native speakers.
I often hear ``definitely`` when I am walking on a street.
I remember when I was in high school, I seldom had a feeling that ``I don't know what I'm writing about`` but now I do feel unsure sometimes.
Because my school is close to my home, I can go home every weekend.
My boyfriend asked me to go to his boss's cottage 2 or 3 weeks ago.
His boss, Nancy, and her husband, Steve, are really nice to me.
He said, ``I would like to say something.
But, I realized what he was trying to say from his serious face and eyes.... then* I* was afraid to hear the words.
What I said back to him was, ``Thank you,`` and I explained my feelings to him.
Very hard week
especially at weekends
I am a Japanese man living in the Miyagi prefecture.
I usually play Metal Gear3 on a Play station3.
So, I will quit the game and start to study English.
I don't like to be in the cold, so I wore a sweater.
I think one of the scary parts is there is no vaccine against the new flu yet.
I think I can write a dairy or something related.
I would like to buy new dictionary, because my digital dictionary is old.
Of course, the class is all taught in English.
Also, I `m going to go to a theater in Osaka with my friend.
Recently, I have studied English.
Your cooperation is appreciated.
I have to admit that I'm in love with Engish as a language and I wish one day that I can speak it fluently like the natives without stammering and pausing in between words.
I have a big cozy white bath with different kinds of foams, salts, soaps, gels and many other sweet things that are necessary in the bathroom.
I sometimes take a bath and read a book or a magazine.
Ruby is developed by Matz, who is Japanese.
``Year 3000`` is a big-selling song originally made by Busted, which is a British band.
Today, I planned for this year what would happen and when I'm going to take vacations.
And, I want to watch a baseball game with Ichiro, who plays for the Seattle Mariners.
There's too many seminars, and I'm not concentrated.
It should be peaceful between countries.
After that, We went to the erectronics shop, and played with iPad.
All of them are totally different.
Adaptable, versatile, industrious.
It's still like new, because I don't really know a lot of miso menus.
But 4 years ago, I went to Okinawa with my family and I tried snorkeling for the first time.
My heart was pounding while snorkeling.
I don't know why, but I believe there are many incredible creatures and I feel like I won't be able to survive if something happens to me.
I'm going to Okinawa this year again, but I will just look at the beautiful scenery.
I cannot understand his behavior, either.
Korean friend and food
I have been to Seoul in Korea once more than ten years ago.
Even after the lesson, she used to go straight to his house with him, not back to our house.
I was quite sure he always looked down on my plan that I would go to Austraila to master English.
I wonder how you guys can stay in such a cruel and hopeless country.
Today I am going to the store and shop.
Later I am going to eat with friends after that we are going to my friend's house and we all are going to watch movies and listen to music.
`Let us discover the significance of birth and the joy of living'
Every shake reminds us of the disaster.
There is a coin box in the convenience store I work in.
Because now that is all I can do.
The GM asked me to be his assistant and he told me I could do something in a professional setting in logisitics.
Internet calls have many advantages, but lots of things still remain to be fixed.
In the beginning, I was just looking for people to talk with in English to improve my conversation abilities.
When he was a baby, he had an experience of curing a decayed tooth that was caused by his mother's milk.
I sometimes feel lonely and I feel jealous of his ex-girlfriends.
how about doing an internship and studying English in the Philippines?
Salary and supply service is not bad.
Fortunately, I have enough time to think and decide.
My co-worker had told me about this site and I have registered!
I was not confident I could learn the symbols and I am not sure about studying pronunciation, but after the lesson, I studied a little bit myself and I could hear English sounds more clearly.
I'm disappointed.
I followed my husband to a dental clinic in the neighbouring town after work for treatment of his decayed tooth.
Sushi is my favourite food.
The DVDs I bought were ``No Reservations`` and ``Wanted``.
I like Catherine Zeta-Jones and Angelina Jolie.
Problem students
Next year, some problem students will be coming to my laboratory.
This is a difficult problem in my university.
What's wrong with me?!?!
but I'm really angry to myself.
Maybe we will get stiff muscles after climbingLOL0
There are always many customers on the weekends,_ but that day it was very empty.
My friend has got a headache after this travel!!!
Especially the grammar, it's so complicated.
In Japan, basically, we don't kiss in public and also we don't kiss on the forehead.
I saw a car decorated with Red Bull signs.
I started to practice the drums 11 years ago.
Hello, my friends. First of all, I want to apologize to all my friends at lang-8 for being absent for this long period due to the requirements in my last year of college. No doubt that I miss you all. I pick up this topic because everybody here is talking about the referendum in sudan these days. To the people who don't know much about Sudan, it is the biggest country in Africa and located on east side of Africa; south of Egypt. My country has struggled with political instability and prolonged wars since being liberated from the British 50 years ago. Unfortunately Sudan was born with wars and the most harmful one was in South Sudan. That war is considered the longest war in the history of Africa or modern history. The war continued 50 years after liberation, killed two million Sudanese citizens, and caused four million Sudanese citizens to emigrate due to the paralyzed economy we had during this ugly war.
Sudan is a country of different races, languages, and religions, but specific parts in the north are more educated than other parts of Sudan. This is because during British rule the south and west of Sudan were closed areas and the government didn't allow any cultural developmental. So, soon after liberation the Sudanese found themselves with big challenge of how to rule this wide country where the north Sudanese were more educated. The government was ruled by them and other citizens felt like this government doesn't represent them. The biggest historical mistake is that this government did not change British policy of closed lands. As result of this huge mistake, the racism grew between Sudanese populations and rapidly the southern Sudanese took up arms to get their rights in Sudan. At that point, no Sudanese, including southern Sudanese, had the idea for a separation. They just wanted their rights in their country as whole Sudan. And, as days go by, and wars burned houses and killed children and women, the idea of separation from Sudan arose. In 2005, the happiest year of Sudanese history, the government and (splm) stopped the war in South Sudan the Nifasha Peace Agreement has born. The government promised a lot political changes: the system became democratic and a successful election also occurred. Southern Sudanese can rule their own lands by the new federal system. In the Nifasha Peace Agreement, the government sponsored the referendum right after six years of the treaty. This period was supposed to be the rehabilitation period of the wars affect on the south. The south took more than 50 percent of the oil to rehabilitate southern Sudan by SPLA. Due to the bad situation in the south and huge corruption, not many changes took place in health and education and most of the money was spent on south Sudanese army. Due to the environment which lacks any trust, now the 6 years is running out fast and the Sudanese face a referendum one month from now. The news is not good about the south, because a lot of politicians see the separation as the start of a new phase of war in Sudan because most of the oil in Sudan lies in the boundaries between south and north. And these boundaries have not been defined yet, so the Sudanese are worried about witnessing another endless war. The situation is very tense and everybody is expecting the worst, but there is hope that the referendum will lead to unity. And if that occurs, it will be the true liberation of Sudan and a promising future. We pray for our children to be raised in a united Sudan without bloodshed.
thanks for reading:-)
For that reason, I love fruits such as pears, persimmons, and the like but I rarely eat these.
I'm studying English with a textbook titled 'Common mistakes at IELTS Advanced'.
If the AAMC is going to enter the Philippines 'education and training market, it could be difficult to prepare these environments in order to offer their services to customers, much like Australia.
It is essential to collect as many customers as possible to make a business succeed by keeping prices low and hiring local employees.
This is my first diary on this website and also the first day of 2009!
I hope I have the patience and perseverance to keep on writing my diary in
Finally, please please feel welcome to correct my mistakes, and thanks a lot for reading my long passage.
because I overdid it
Because I had to finish my internship.
Could you give me some tips about teaching myself to play the drums?
So foreign people cannot understand what Japanese people think about.
But I was able to study although being pressured.
This month I have to do night-shift on Mondays and Wednesdays
Basically I work from 15: 30 to 9: 00 the next morning.
Last Friday and last Saturday, I went to bed but I couldn't sleep until 5: 30 in the morning..
It's so unhealthy.
Unfortunately a lot of people forget about family atmosphere.
By the way, I registered for facebook yesterday!
I'm studying English, but I'm a beginner.
Good things happened
I kept calling and calling, trying different country code but just didn't work. (Murphy didn't give me, so I searched for his company on the website.) As I was confused and considering what to do next, Mr.
The first route from Taipei should be JAL instead of AA.
Psychologically watches can be replaced by 'the guy of your dreams'.
Is this sentence grammatically correct?
I 've got to fight this evil flab.
Tomorrow is!!
This is my third visit to Beijing, and I feel that it has developed rapidly!!
Most of Chinese people start to learn English when they are still children including me.
I hope nothing else bad happens, and that my friend is going to be okay.
When I got off the train to transfer at a certain station, I reached into my pocket to check the time on my phone.
That's my favorite beverage when I went to restaurant or picnic.
My head is whining.
I think I had better not drink anymore
If I they speak English, I can go to Japanese people and buy food or go to Europe and see the difference of how Japanese peoples 'world view and thinking.
and when I hang out somewhere, I wish I contrubuted something.
There are very few chances to practice.
So ashamed!
I have learned English for 5 years.
Actually, I'm afraid of making mistakes.
I'm studying English because I want to change my career.
I'd like to know what does everybody else think about this sudden change?
My teacher is from the Philippines.
I've been very tired and sleepy lately, because I've had a lot of homework to do.
And my friends suggested to watch ``Saw``.
She is very kind to everyone.
I also walk around the park every evening. In addition to that, I walk as fast as I can, which means I always try to walk as often as possible instead of using a car or bicycle.
Second, I make sure that I eat alot of vegetables at each meal.
I also eat a salad, potato, or different fresh vegetable with lunch and dinner.
Finally, I always try to ease myself of any stress that I feel.
But feeling too much stress can be dangerous, and what more, it can cause diseases.
Listening to music, chatting with friends and singing songs are ways that I can quickly and effectively release the stress that I have inside.
In conclusion, joggingevery day, eating healthy food and eliminating stress can help me maintain my good health.
When I was a child, my mom had sent me to a swimming class once, but I quitted when I learned it in the halfway.
It can make your body more healthier, maybe works on your immune system, so you won't get sick so easily.
But in my country, students don't really focus on sports, even parents and teachers do not like to force children to take part in any sports games.
``Our university is really closured!!!`` This news spread very quickly.
I'm supposed to work there and I don't even know how to cook or clean because everything I've wanted has been given to me from a very early period.
Thank you from the mountain.
His sister was well known as a slut among us.
But they're already engaged OMG.
Kiyota: Oh really?
Even Kiyota had not expected that she said such a pretty rude thing in front of her boyfriend and her older brother's friend.
But sadly making a close friend and a girlfriend is quite difficult in foreign countries because of the language barrier.
However this kind of dishonest women can easily get conversation partners by using their bodies.
Every Japanese woman in foreign countries has possiblity of being a dishonest woman to study English and settle down there.
I play games in my spare time.
We just do congratulate each other with comments or very small presents.
It was my first time in 2 years, so I was a little bit nervous to play.
Later somebody assassinated Eliabeth in Swiss.
Soooo nervous
The temperature was 21 degrees.
Now, I work in sales department which is in charge of overseas market.
I saw the Chin gay parade on 12 the of February during the Chinese new year.
I'd been insisting that I wanted to work in Tokyo though it seemed likethere was a slight chance I actually would.
Of course it's definitely the busiest city in Japan and acutually one of the busiest cities in the whole world!
I think I will miss the grocery store I've been going to, the hair salon where staff is really nice to me, and the karaoke box I've always been going with my friends.
To remember new vocabulary, I would like to read books!
On the other hand, the younger brother was fascinated by the circus.
The sentence below is what I will talk about in a interview for a job.
and had a lot of chances to talk with foreign people such as Iraq people, Iran people, etc.
This is one of the biggest shopping centers in Australia.
After working there, I moved to Canberra, the capital of Australia.
When I worked there, I found out that Australians like Eastern food.
Sushi is originally Japanese food, but amusingly Korean tend to be like Japanese.
Please correct my sentences.
I bought a fashion magazine recently, and I found a remarkable article.
People are always wondering whether the country or the city is the ideal place to live.
The foremost reason for dwelling in the countryside is the soothing and comfortable life provided by the pastoral view.
Those who have enjoyed the first cock crow in the morning, the twittering of birds in the trees and the breathtaking sight of the rising sun would go into rapture at only the mere mention of the idyllic life.
Relaxed and suburban dwellers are able to hold a more positive attitude for life and achieve more accomplishments.
Another subtle explanation rests on the fact that country inhabitants are fortunate enough to enjoy the cozy and pleasant ambiance of the family without exhausting their social life.
On the contrary, it would be far more difficult to acquire such pleasure for those urbanites.
Naturally, it is possibly too reckless to assert that nothing beneficial comes from city life since several accompanying merits also come along with it.
Flights don't move by one person's contribution.
Not only did I see their collaboration, but I also saw the back side of their jobs.
Especially the cabin crew Echo (Haruka Ayase). They were so funny.
He looked at his feet; there were tiny animals.
He was scared, he ran along the inner way.
I like to draw art!
Of course, I know that it is regarded as taboo to talk about religion with strangers like this daily.
All in all, Going abroad for study brings us a plenty of wealth indeed.
Japanese woman are strong.
I'm not an athlete.
I made a proxy server for Chinese people.
Furthermore, some adults are there too.
But it was a success.
Osaka was famous as the most polluted town, but this city has been changing recent years.
For instance, disposal of food oil and garbage.
It's near the***** station, across McDonald's, next to the**** rent-a-car office.
My Friend's Birthday Party
I would like to point out discrimination against women in broadcasting, which has enormous effects on people's way of thinking.
In Confucian cultures, as well as in many Western cultures, the left side is considered inferior to the right.
IU intended to tempt Evian.
Now it's time to prepare for my studies, because next term I have a lot of ability tests to pass, like Japanese ability test 1.
I have already made a plan for myself and I believe that I have the courage to make it come true.
and I have a curiosity to meet people through skype
today I went to a korean restaurant where there is really delicious seafood
Recently I was emotional unstable.
I want to have a stronger mind.
I have a bad feeling about last night's dream. It `s sort of sad, eventhough I don` t know why?
It was a journal about my memory of childhood (/ my childhood memory about my persimmon tree.) Bye ~ ~ Really bye!
Kan made economic activities worse in Japan because of his inconsistent policy regarding an economic growth strategy and an energy policy.
I was supposed to only drink little bit, but of course I drank a lot, until 4am.
I didn't have that much money inside the wallet, so I don't care about the money so much, but I had put some cards in it.
That's dangerous.
After that, an ALT teacher told me that the former sentence was not wrong.
Last weekend, I went to a playground and filmed the children.
He was a Russian Blue who had beautiful gray hair and blue eyes.
Before I met him, I was not interested in living with any animals.
I met with my professor
This morning I went to Tokyo University and I met with my professor.
resemble: The behaviour of her son resembled his grandfather.
deceive: You cannot deceive me because I saw you walking in the station with your dog.
doubt: I doubt that, maybe she forgot about the promise we made.
Hello:))) My name is Nastua. I am a student of L 'viv State College of Light Industry.:))) I am 16 years old!!
My future profession is clothing designer.:)) I like my future profession.
People want to know English because it is a very important language.:))
THANK you very much.:))
Household chores are terrible, and taking classes is troublesome for me.
One reason is that there are not only books but also newspapers and magazines.
I think that volunteering does not always make the poor people who are the recipients happy.
I was going to a job interview for an internet job that I got on the on web.
first, it is far away.
If possible would you correct any of my incorrect English?
Two weeks ago our attention was drawn to a LEGO event in Taipei.
my wife took part in the event and filled out the form.
I shot a video my son's happy face.
I click ``Save Draft`` and I can see a dot circling, but sometimes it never stops and it can't save the draft.
It was really wonderful so I was moved.
I need to finish my assignment or else it'll ruin my holiday!
I was really impressed with Ginkaku-gi.
I want to visit Kyoto again.
I am going to Tokyo Disney Resort today.
A collision lets you know what issue makes him or her feel upset.
Its title is English Grammar in Use.
The book is basically made of short stories like a diary.
The main character is the author in his adolescence or youth, and the supporting characters are his family and neighbors.
The doctor told me the ways on how to treat.
I hope the doctor can treat my teeth well this saturday.
When I arrived at Osaka, it was raining heavily.
It seem very hard to survive in this world without paying money.
Actually I am going to take the TOEFL test and am therefore preparing for my further studies in the USA.
And I am really looking forward to the day that I get the results and the letter of admission to a good school.
Her son is also the same age as us, but we haven't had a chance to get along with him.
I was trying to talk to her, but she seemed to refuse answering me.
I am so embarrassed.
I just rode on a bicycle and had a dangerous experience.
Sometimes I think of you.
-Family, close friends and living healthy.
I learned the cultural differences and how useful English is.
But, every year, by the end of summer, I always feel a bit lonely:-(lol
I'm already a university sophomore, so I have to study harder than ever (-``-)!
I think the best way to overcome the problem is talking with many people who live in other countries in English.
They laughed at me of that time, but I could learn.
I am sure that I will learn to play flute now.
Correct or Incorrect? Please help me..
The story seemed quite silly and the characters were really stereotypical.
This past year (2007) I stumbled upon the Abridged series. It was a dramaticaly shortened version of Yu Gi Oh, parodying the show's sillyness and the changes of the American version.
Just a few others have done voices for the abridged series.
I would like to try and do the Spanish version of the abridged series, with the exception of asking my friends to do some of characters.
One funny thing about this whole thing is that I always have a hard time trying to pronounce ABRIDGED (the meaning of which I did not know before). Its really annoying.
It's so pitiful.
It was difficult for me to remember the children's name's.
Weather forecasts give you some information on maple leaves everyday.
From more than a thousand years ago, Japanese people have
First, I ate some noodles and a pork rice with friends.
``We will execute plans to disable atomic energy plants.`` But he did not tell a specific plan.
I just want to read English articles just like reading Chinese.
We can see a foreseeable future that the resolution of LCD or TV's will be progressing with technology's advancement--maybe far beyond human eyesight.
I watched a debate comepetion tonigt, One of my best friends joined it, and his team won the competition, I am very happy.......
So, I'm always very careful when speaking in english.
Is it as bad as the expression of raising the middle finger??
The toilet, restaurant, and all the other places were very busy.
I get mad whenever it occurs and I worry about the malfunction.
I went to Tsukiji yesterday.
Probably, the dream warned me that I should better take my license out of my bag which I usually don't bring during weekend.
Happy birthday to me.
I drank many beer, and I became drunk.
Yesterday, I went to a night club in Shibuya that plays hiphop n RnB:>
I want there to be a soft bed behind me so I can go to bed and relax.
I am used to making coffee every day at 3: 00P. M., but when I opened the ice-box, there was no milk inside.
Suddenly, I had an idea.
I some goingko (ginko?) powder.
``Oh, It's not bad, but it seems strange....`` then, I make the same for myself.
So, I made a plan that I aim to keep to 1000cal (? Bad idea) per day.
I'll experience them, and decide what I should doin the future.
Of course, some of us have happy memories and others have sad memories. I am one of the ones who has sad memories.
Although I was very sad, I did not cry, because at first I could not process that mother had died and that I wasn't going to see her face again. The people who came to console me were very puzzled by my reaction, but they understood it.
I couldn't wait to be alone with her.
Being a little sleepy when times carry you the day after today, smelling a cup of coffee, imagining the thing that you want to write, thinking about your sentences 'sensibility and sensitivity also properity? in grammatical structures...
And when I am not able to write what I have imagined, I feel disappointed.
That is something like having the same feelings as a director of a movie.
However, I want everyone to see the movie in my head while I am designing it but It isn't possible.
After maybe a hundred times I am again crumpling a piece of paper.
English has plenty of vocabulary (include slung) than Japanese.
I should have very strong will to improve my English and keep my memories of life in the U.
I live near Yokohama.
And trying to be as natural as children can enable us to receive as much as they do.
Educational opportunities are available to more people too.
So it looks like the life of human beings is definitely better and better,
as we own the latest technological gadgets in the house, and live with educated people in an intelligent society.
I have to study here harder and harder day by day.
I think that practicing a language for 15 minutes everyday is enough.
I was driving a car near my house which is in a residential area.
Then behind me, another car tried to pass my car several times.
He was probably in a hurry, but of course passing is prohibited in the area because of the nearby school.
But I was a Japanese business man as well.
Chloe desperately asked father, but he kept laughing for around 10 minutes.
We are going somewhere for the first time.
On the other hand, when we return from somewhere, we tend to feel it's not so far away compared with the first time.
I taught English to my junior high school students and I found this in the dictionary.
Of course I know the meaning of the word 'walk'
I'm surprised by her English skills.
Because I need you, I just need you.
I found that we Chinese students couldn't understand our European teacher very well.
Our social environment has influenced us so much.
I prepared for this test a long time, but still lack confidence.
So, I guess the test is like a door in my way, if I don't pass it, nothing will change or happen.
I think I can do it, I believe I can do it, but success is not only composed by just believing.
Some people have gotten married already; others have bought their own house or car.
We are living a different life style.
But the good thing is that I will see all of my relatives which I normally don't get to see.
For people in Touhoku, which is located in northern Japan, the situation is much more serious.
I like sushi, which is a Japanese traditional dish.
It is delicious and interesting because you can choose various types of sushi which you like.
Except the learning aspect of the internet, I can't forget about funnier ones, such as Manga, Anime, drama, films, books, songs, and a lot more. These things not only help me learn the language in certain situations, but it also gives me a lot of pleasure, SO THANK YOU INTERNET xD
That is why I write [in my] diary when I experienced interesting things or have questions.
I think I have to get to bed right away ~
I learned Hangul today by myself.
It was very easy lol I learned most of them in a day.
This airport was equiped with WI-FI and I had a new smartphone.
That means it is necessary for me to learn a new language, Dutch, because it is required.
I want to say hello to everybody. but, suddenly, I found I don't know how to say it.
maybe I'm right. maybe you have another better way to say hello.
see you
We can work with an enthusiasm or tried mind.
I went to a hair salon with my friend after school.
Departure date: ddmmyy
As a result
As a result, I was asked to pay 250 dollars for the Internet fee.
I got the result this dinner.
Some really want to change their aggressive personality or bad attitude.
There are exceptions, of course, but those are few.
Recently anime costume parades are very popular especially among geeks and foreign people; P
Several years ago, on Halloween day, many foreign people with costumes got together on the Osaka loop line and stayed there many hours!
It was so fun!! but it became a problem and was banned for next year:(
There were many Thai food stalls and, someone who was from Thailand was singing her country's song.
I ate kaomangai (rice with boiled chickin), tomyamkun (spicy red seafood soup), and pattai (noodles without soup).
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the center of the city which is surrounded by a park.
There is a commercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses: banks, bars, chemists, cinemas, pet shops, restaurants, fast food restaurants, grocers, travel agencies, supermarkets and others.
Consequently, I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness, really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside.
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the lake.
Luckily, the schools are closed for ten weeks, so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Leaving my country, Somalia, was very hard for me.
But when I was there, I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have, and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either. At the beginning, I felt very strange talking with them, but now we are very good friends.
We went to to Acapulco to play, to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities.
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there. That was an incredible experience that I will never forget.
Using public transport can be difficult, because we have a strict time and, normally, we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable.
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive, but public transport tickets are also increasing, so that advantage is not so good, actually.
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists.
But we shouldn't forget the pollution cause by cars. We should use a bicycle or public transportation more.
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour, we can go to work in the same car. This way we use less petrol.
The governments are also important for taking care of the environment.
In total, there were 32 people, a white kitten and a dog.
That night, the dog, the kitten, Tom and Michel slept in the same room, and that wasn't too bad.
When Michael got up in the morning, he realized that his kittten had disappeared, and he found Tom's dog with some white hair in his mouth.
He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night, so he shouted at Tom, opened the door and went away.
For those people who want to start to do the street workout, I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups, push ups, dips and squats.
Edison is said to have created the first commercially practical incandescent light.
Edison and his research team made his discovery commercially and create a company called "Edison Electric Light Company".
In my bedroom there is a brown bed, a yellow chest of drawers, a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe.
The environment is our surroundings. There is no awareness in our locality. They are busy with their own work. No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town. They usually speak about how hot it is today, but they don't know what makes it this hot. I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean. Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless. Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free.
Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources, sales, marketing and potential customers.
To take care of the environment, each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country. About my village, we use banana leaves instead of nylon, dispose of garbage sensibly... and so on.
Are you studying mathematics for your exam?
I'm a happy, energetic person who likes to work with children.
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish. They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places. The government also cannot do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour.
The thing that he (the monster) didn't know about was that he had a spectacular infection (literally spectacular) that I think had no cure. It was called "The Monsteration Infections".
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections, but they still don't have it.
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities. For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago.
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I'm listening and when I'm reading, but my main problem with English is, of course, when I have to speak. I fee terrible and without confidence. I think that I'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English. Maybe at this moment, while I'm writing this composition, I'm making the same mistake. I know that learning English is a long process, but I must follow that process because I'd like to be an excellent bilingual person.
Currently, I'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal.
I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income.
I'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish (I hope hahaha)
I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills.
Thank you for your attention, and I'll wait for your advice, (this is my first time writing over 50 words)
Nowadays a person's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions. This mostly happens in high class families, as they focus on achievements like power, political influence etc. On the other hand, for middle class families the old-fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty, kindness, loyalty, etc.
Public transport has no future. The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices, The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers.
I know that I have not written it but I have a brother.
I like to speak English at school too, but my friends don't like it when I speak it in school, so I speak Swedish there.
My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories.
My family lives in a
How are you? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train station.
If I am right, continue reading this.
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help, because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works.
What was my job?
See you around
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I'm going to celebrate at home, with my family and some friends.
This summer was the best. I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends. Their names are: Emilia, Agustina, Micaela and Luca.
I like English because it is very important to know other languages to communicate with other people and if I go to another country it is very important to know English.
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing. I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym, where I met handsome guys.
You see, man, I don't like crowded roads, a nd prefer to travel by tram.
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished, but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition.
I rather enjoy spinning, feeling the rhythm of the music louder and louder. This gives me high energy each time I go spinning.
To conclude, in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car.
First, the bank notes are considered how to design, including background colour, artwork and security issues.
Then, they are prepared by skilled machinists.
If the sheets are good, those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city.
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits. It is more comfortable and less expensive.
Yoga calms and vitalizes body and mind.
And government, please don't be so flabby with your own citizen.
For beginners in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms.
May Maybe they are comfortable, terrible,, dangerous or average.
Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street.
She turned her head and saw him. "He was following me", she thought. "Well, I should ask him what he is doing here".
First of all, finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students.
When you are travelling around the world by yourself, you gain a lot of knowledge, culture, discoveries and, with all of this, you gain personal experience.
The job provides, like the trip, responsibility and experience.
The consequences aren't good as the reasons, for instance, they may have the career prejudicate, or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university.
Besides that, they have different points of view on many subjects, that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students.
They cannot enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts.
It is a big decision, that brings great consequences and great experiences.
As an example, if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark, they can't go to do a sport because there is no time.
They would consider you as an independent person.
Accordingly, you would take responsibility for what you did.
I am overwhelmed with grief, living with them.
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years.
it's r isn't clear completely, but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society.
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food, because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days.
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do. After thinking, he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor's clinic was far away from her house. Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother's house in the next street. After he arrived, he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street. He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car. "Never mind" she said and got in the car beside him.
However, travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine. Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car, but you can never know what might happen with your car, where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen.
Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables.
Besides, Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking.
Tom is studying in London.
Although Canada is an English-speaking country, in Montreal, the official language is French.
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English, because most of my colleagues speak French.
I was inspired by a true legend. His name is Edan Hazard.
That fact behind sense because the maintenance of public transport is not the responsibility of the traveler.
If we want to count function of public transport because it's not enough words to say. But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages.
I'm sure you'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the capital of Russia.
I remember two contrasting moments. One day, we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain; they chose me.
The reasons for stress are more diverse; perhaps because we have an exam period, family problems or because we think in a negative way, or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort, and lots of reasons to stress...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves, because it's very harmful. For example, you can read a book, do sport, play music, eat delicious food, remember all the positive things that have happened to you, talk with someone who you trust, get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring, go out and eat a meal with your best friends, and there are a lot of things you can do...
Remember that stress is not a lasting thing, and you can avoid it.
In other words, both bad sheets and the ones which are separated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from getting into the market.
Many people believe that nowadays there is no future for public transport, because travelling by car is so much more convenient, but others continue with the thought that they do help, for example, with travelling long distances.
The ticket doesn't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people, at least compared to buying a car.
Secondly, public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people wouldn't have to purchase fuel.
When people need to travel to other continents or far away, they may need a plane, which is a form of public transport, to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms.
However, a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in, and sometimes public transport vehicles aren't left in the best way.
In addition, you have to share with people you absolutely don't know and probably won't see again.
But, by observing all these people, you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics.
That was my first time on holiday in another country that wasn't northern Italy.
We visited a lot of monuments, museums and churches, like the Louvre with the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci.
It depends on five main steps, which include design, preparation of metal plates, printing, inspection, packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad.
Secondly, we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinists.
If it's good, they go to packing and distribution, whereas the others should be destroyed as well.
In conclusion, the whole process is an unreversed schedule.
It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machines.
To begin with is design, we have to consider background colour, artwork, and security issues, and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates, using skilled machinists.
Secondly, printing-- including sheets of bank notes, are printed (50 bank notes per sheet). There are some requirements-- colour on both sides, special ink, slightly raised images.
Finally, if it is a good sheet, the procedure is packaging and distribution, including cutting into separate bank notes, packing, dispatching.
If it is a bad sheet, the procedure is disposal-- bad sheets and bank notes should be securely destroyed.
And then he realised it was an enormous lion.
But suddenly he heard a noise, it was his mum. "Max where are you?" she screamed. The lion disappeared in one second, running.
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room. "What an amazing day!",
The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing.
I have no problems with reading, speaking or listening.
As part of my plan to improve my English skills, I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing.
Trieste is a little town situated in the north-east of Italy.
So the environmental impact is very attractive.
Another problem is that the citizens of Trieste don't pay attention to the environmental problems of their city.
I think it is important that, not only in the family, but also in school, we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth.
I usually go two days a week but next month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter a local competition.
It turned out that that young boy had a good head for fishing and now they always go fishing together.
I like running, riding my bike, playing football, skiing in winter, climbing, etc.
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport.
The amount of garbage is increasing at the same time as the number of humans is increasing.
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing consumption of energy, water and other resources.
Nowadays, our local government is making some decisions to improve the situation.
There are a lot of citizens movement except official activities.
People organise common action for cleaning areas near houses.
These activities take place especially in spring and in autumn.
Everyone is curious about making bank notes.
The bank notes are designed carefully. Workers need to design their background colour and artwork.
Then, the notes will be prepared on metal plates. After that, printing. The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images.
Good ones will be packaged and distributed. workers will cut them and deal with them carefully.
The rest of them will be disposed of.
I think that Cdiz is the perfect place to meet, because Cdiz has coast, sea, and mountains.
In Cdiz, in summer, there are a lot of opportunities to work.
I hope I will get my order and I hope you will be more on time for the customer order shipping.
These people can influence our lives. For example, if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life. So, your education depends on the people around you.
In general, people have the possibility to study in libraries or using computers.
Personally, I think studying on a computer is a better choice.
We need to do something to save the world!
I think they are our first friends and our first confidants.
Think about a family's routine.
The Brazil and Netherlands games were a real test of our health.
And I think that it's not technology that will change, but the people and their characters.
Unfortunately, for this generation, there won't be real relationships, all relationships will become virtual relationships.
According to my experience, if we don't exaggerate the way we use technology like the internet, phone, satellite.
For example, now high-heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women don't look good in them.
Transportation is one of the most essential parts of our day to day life; whether it is public or private, transport takes the same priority in each person's life from the very early days.
In the age before industrialisation came into existence, people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another.
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convenient.
Continuing my visit to London, I will visit the largest park in London, Hyde Park, which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park.
follow in London I'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben, which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour, where I will take pictures.
Later, I'll take the London Underground, which is a public fast transit system. I'll travel on it.
My favorite band is "cbjr"; it's a Brazilian band. The type of music is rock and rap. Their music is very easy to single.
I usually play it with my friends.
We won 1st place and got the cup. If anyone intends to play this game, he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally.
To sum up, I think it is inevitable.
He loved Rose with his entire soul, a soul that he was losing.
Suddenly, he took the agreement and signed the piece of paper with his blood.
Do you know a new recipe for cooking chicken?
Our town takes care of the environment of our neighbourhood very seriously.
Not only the supermarket has these containers. They are also in the schools of the neighbourhood.
In my opinion, this gives a good example of the involvement of the local government.
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three things: souvenirs, fashion and food.
Fortunately, visitors will find all of that in the Tourist Information Office and in shops on the outskirts.
So, he is hard-working. He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems.
However, a few years ago, the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country. For example, they did a lot of advertising on television, in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world.
In the castle there is the Holy Trinity Chapel.
The famous dish of this restaurant is a huge hamburger.
So, train is an intermidiate way to travel.
I am writing to apply for the job in the USA published in an advertisement last Monday.
Additionally, because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities, private cars are more attractive for most people.
Some people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport, but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations.
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons. First, time. If the place you want to reach is really far, the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car. Also, the complications about the field, like if you want to go from America to Europe, there is no highway that crosses the ocean. You need an airplane and, unless you have one, you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car. A different reason is politics, because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska, you will not need to pass through Canada. Comfort is a really important reason, because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe. Economics is a factor too, because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do. It will be more expensive than on public transport.
In conclusion, for me, it is a lie that public transport has no future. However, they have to make improvements to this, like the use of better types of fuel or energy. One way is using renewable sources of energy, such as solar, haeolic (wind) or hydraulic(water),Also, there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed.
Dear Anne, Thank for your letter asking about my family and my friends.
When somebody gets home, he wants only to relax in front of the television.
Besides this, TV companies have understood sports provide this relaxing moment, mainly for men.
In this view, I think that though there are lots of sports on television, there are not too many, because people have looke for it.
When the day came, we performed an amazing choreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals.
This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands, something close to an emotional statement.
My teacher said that public transport has no future in our society, because travelling by car is so much more convenient. Nevertheless, I disagree with her opinion because if we use public transport we will pollute less.
Without travelling, people would be very bored, life would be very monotonous.
Nowadays people use cars a lot.
In the past, it wasn't like that. People did not have cars. They just relied on public transport.
There are a few people who use public transport, like students and people who have a low income. In my view, I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
He has been done several laws again Spanish citizens.
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago. This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I don't want to be weak. I wouldn't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule: the strong dominate the weak. When I step foot in the gym, I forget everything: school, home.... Therefore, I enjoy it.
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle, the strongest beat the weakest.
What are the criteria of this ranking? and...
Chemical drugs can help people to heal and recover from diseases, but they have another hidden effect.
Therefore, The aforementioned information above shows that our future could be worse than our present.
We should live in a stable and peaceful world.
Nowadays, people use their cars to travel for work, for holidays...... but if the petrol were cheaper, they could travel a lot.
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists, they take sheets of bank notes. There are three requirements for this: colour on both sides, special ink and images that are slightly raised.
It smelled terrific, and tasted so good.
It was pancakes and egg with bacon.
After that I played with my brothers out in the garden.
They usually don't want to be with me, but today we played all day long.
It was such fun and I couldn't stop smiling.
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologised for his attitude.
It will not be trendy because everybody will have his own car.
There are advantages and disadvantages; television can also cause a dependence, cartoons and "stupid" programs can harm young people most.
Today, there are many children that have a dependence on television, they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children's TV programs, while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends.
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution. Therefore, I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind.
In order to help reduce pollution, I take action using the three "Rs": reduce, reuse and recycle, so I am more and more eco-friendly.
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home. In other words, I turn on a light that I need while I use it; I take cooler showers; I heat only the necessary rooms.
In order to reuse, I convert all things reusable, for example, a plastic bottle as a plant pot; a glass bottle as a food container. I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one.
A car is less expensive, more comfortable, faster and safer.
For example, travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plane is faster.
On the other hand, it helps to reduce the pollution made by cars,..
The picture illustrate the process of making notes.
Then, preparation of the metal plates and skilled machinists are needed.
If the printed sheets are good quality, they will be packed and distributed. Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched. The bad sheets will be disposed on. The destruction will be secure.
So it is not always a good thing, unless they are open-minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentle way that won't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes.
I felt that I could lose consciousness. That's why I removed the bracelet.
I am glad to hear from you.
I am 24 years old. I am from Lviv Ukraine.
My hobbies are football and gym.
I am studying environmental science.
Now, to answer your question, I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town, but there is one place that is special to me: 'A Fervenza do Pedregal'. '
It is a very quiet place. Because of its location, in the middle of the forest, only a few people know how to get there.
It is an incredible forest, the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim. It is the perfect place to have a quiet day.
That is all I can tell you about this place. I hope that my answer will help you with your project.
What is your last name?
I say to people that want to try this sport that it 's easy if you love it.
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems. For example, you could have problems with your hands, in your neck and in your legs.
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon.
The problem for Emily was that her boyfriend was as cold as the weather.
She thought he was so boring, but she didn't want to be alone. she didn't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone.
The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays.
The council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate rubbish from my town.
Combating the destruction of the environment, this is a serious problem throughout the world.
Nowadays, many trees and grassland areas are damaged in many countries, lots of building are constructed.
And people should pay attention to this problem and try to solve it.
For instance, people need too many places to build the modern society, so they cut down lots of trees, burning many grassland areas.
Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem.
Although this change makes the life of people efficient, the problem should not be ignored.
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions. In today's world, there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission, they are destroying the forest, farmland and wetland, discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas. It leads to a serious environmental problem.
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work, as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expenses we encounter.
The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars, reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environment.
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life. One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it's a means of taming the mind and the body.
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me, and to be alert as well. Also, it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well. People who want to start doing karate have to be patient.
They should immerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active. for instance, it's advised to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly.
My favorite sports are football, basketball, Formula One and Tennis.
For example, in our country, "Shinkansen" which means bullet train, is famous and very fast.
"Blue train", which has many beds on the train and we can sleep comfortably on the train.
Second, travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes.
Travelling by train is cheep and getting a ticket is easy for us in our country.
And terrorism is scarce also.
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was exploded by terrorists last month.
What did you do yesterday?
I'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thang university.
When I am running, all the pressure I felt is gone.
We have Earth first, then people, than our house.
Earth is our home, we all have to protect it.
But now people are destroying it.
Just for money for more houses, but if we destroy it, we will all die. Our money will be gone, our house will be gone, we will have nothing.
Besides, some people destroy farmland to build houses, but if one day there is no farmland, then what should we eat? Nothing at that time. We couldn't eat anything!So what should we do?
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland, forests and wetland to build houses, grow more trees, protect our world, our home star!
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question: Can a computer think?
First, the lecturer talks about "Saran", who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing's test was not conclusive, and that he created a paradox.
He selected people to go into a Chinese room. There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols. The Americans showed different behavior. They did not understand what was on the computer screen.
Science, I just remember I have always liked motor racing, but one of my favourites is Formula 1.
The Formula 1 season starts in early spring and ends in late autumn.
I try to watch every race every fortnight and the training the day before the race.
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world, but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past.
If someone likes cars, then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound. I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life.
One day, the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game, he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods. So he started throwing that for fun. One time that he took the jewel, it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear, so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes, so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods.
I hope you enjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our country.
England doesn't have anything. You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe.
With reference to the recent advertisement about 'USA CAMP SUMMER', I would like to express my interest in the position in the camp.
I think I am a suitable candidate for this job, because I like children and I have experience of babysitting. Also, I work very well at making food.
It was presented by a politician, an economist and two environmentalists.
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law, they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in their lives.
This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends, but at the same time, they are not my friends.
My family are my best friends because they really take care of me when I need them to.
I started this sport when I was 10 years old. where My father was also playing this sport, but he started it when he was older than me. He was about 30 years old. where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age. I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time. We run in a small space, moving our hands in stretched and different ways, and at the same time we work our minds, so it needs care and quick thinking, as much any as exercise you will find down the road.
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash, which gives a you flexible and healthy body. At the same time, this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age.
I have practised swimming for 3 years. I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments.
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world, and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016.
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always practise this style because I want to improve.
Although public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly, it is not as flexible or comfortable as the car.
Except for in the big cities, public transport is not an easy way to get around the city. That means that in the future even more people will stop using it.
In the first step, the bank notes have to be designed considering some, like background color, artwork and security issues. After the design has been prepared, skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step.
And then, some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and despatched to where they are needed.
In today's class, we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players.
For me, as a passionate soccer player, it is a good point to consider.
I recommend to the clubs, be warned.
By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league, like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment.
This makes football or soccer ever more exclusive to a certain group of fans-hooligans.
But if the prices are too high, no one will visit the games anymore.
First, I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food. In fact, on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi.
One day, Michael wanted to go out, so he called his best friend and suggested going out together. His friend agreed, so Michael put on his clothes, went out and closed the door, but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake.
When he got back home, it was late and the meeting was canceled.
I know that I am a suitable person for this job, and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job, because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience, I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey, so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps, and I have a lot of experience of this.
So, in conclusion, I think that if you contract me, you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker.
In my opinion, public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car, because a car is faster than public transport.
Online Learning
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you don't have to carry so much paper with you. Also, you're on your own and at your own learning speed, which makes it more specific to the user themself. Maybe you're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper.
Negatives about online learning are that you're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer. If pyou don't have any listening things in the app you don't learn how to pronounce the words. In my personal opinion, its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly, but you also learn from a person, which is, in my opinion, way better. I think we spend enough time on smartphones, so I don't think it's the best if we use them to learn as well.
For words, I think it's perfect, but all the grammar and talking, I think you need a teacher.
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch, for example, after school.
Recently, there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building houses, which accour for some debate.
Apparently, it is a good thing, because it is a significant symbol of the development of a country; however, on the other hand, doing large-scale building projects may bring a galaxy of problems.
In a word, the government should appeal to people in some way, that we should protect the earth rather than only focus on personal profit.
It happened to me once and was very uncomfortable.
Another very common risk is falling on the court, which can cause dangerous scratches.
It is very nice that you remember me.
All this started in July.
I needed money which I could spend during my study semester.
I know that you are like me.
Best wishes your bro Bartek!
In later times, society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes, the building was abandoned because the government and country didn't have money for construction, to the point that the building's metal structure was used for weapons.
They even asked me who I wanted to go with. They grabbed my hands, wanted me to go with them, but I had no idea, because I love my mother and my father so much.
Finally, I cried, because I couldn't make a choice. My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going, and they said sorry to each other and me.
Nowadays, I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekends.
"So many friends learned to swim.
Then, the metal plates are prepared by skilled machinists.
The next is called partially damaged sheets, and bank notes are separated into good and bad. Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire.
This is the method of making bank notes, and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them.
The most important step is the inspection by hand. That is to say, they should be separated into good ones, which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks, and the bad ones, which can't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage.
Actually, I realize that business is not for the major, everybody knows Tec is very demanding and if you want to be there, you must work hard.
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I'm older. First, I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works.
Tennis. Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play, but it's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it. First, why did I choose tennis? Seriously, in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play. I think he is the one that made me love this sport, due to his professional movement when playing the ball. From that time, I was interested in this game and watching all the championships, so more time, time and time it is my favourite sport.
Aisha is in her thirties.
She's from Morocco, so she has Arabian features. For example, she isn't very tall, around 1,57 metres, she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive eyes.
Moreover, it is more appropriate to start constructing roads which are convenient for the majority.
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons. For example, while you are watching a match, you feel excited and entertained. Besides that, football has the best football player ever, which is Leo Mesy. He's the best and he's able to do awesome stuff when he's playing.
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects the garbage, already separated by the families, and afterwards does the recycling.
As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents, it also has lots of staff that clean the streets, take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage.
My favourite sport is football. I love it so much. When I was young, I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona. I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that, and after that, we played on a football pitch like in real football. I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much. He is the best player in the world. A few people have told me that Messi is the best player, but I feel angry when I hear that, because that is not true. So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day. It's like a dream for me.
last night we went to the swimming pool. It was a little bit cold, but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming. I know how to swim very well, but she doesn't, she has to have a support otherwise she can't swim.
If you want to visit me, you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament, and I must participate.
To answer your question, I cannot attend the party because I do not like those kinds of parties, but I wish you good luck! Almos
Indeed, all the indicators show that human behavior will not change, at least in the coming decades.
The way of living changes every day: if we think about our grandparents ', but also about our parents' lives, we notice many differences.
Above all, they talked more. We live in the era of telecommunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer.
Moreover, also, simple things have changed. For example, the food we eat. Some time ago, everything was natural, healthy... but now everyone always eats "junk food" and things like that, which are completely unhealthy!
About food, I imagine a future society in which restaurants won't exist. People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before, food in tins... so all unhealthy things, which will cause many problems.
But phobias are fears which we experience that are life-threatening and they can disrupt everyday life, but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy.
So if we want to live a life which isn't controlled by our fears, we must try to be more objective and pay more attention to real dangers.
Alison read the note, smiled, and immediately put on her coat.
She went to her parents 'house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the operation.
tube and train, but is there a future for them or not? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and, finally, I will give my personal opinion.
Secondly, public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment, because it produces less polluting emissions, and many public vehicles use green energy, such as electricity or gas.
In conclusion, from my point of view, public transport is more necessary now than ever before. Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking, and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities.
Some buses have special and preferential seats for old people.
Many cars pollute the planet and people are allergic to the pollution.
The train doesn't cause pollution.
will be more healthy.
I suppose their lifestyle is intolerable, resteless and I really sympathise with them. The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated.
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of private life and perpetual attention.
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but, through thick and thin, they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity.
In itself, the film didn't have an special topic, but I can describe it as a friends film, as there is a lot of laughs, jokes, and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists.
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest, but it is very bad and unsafe. The quality of it is very bad; the buses are old and obsolete, they have broken windows and old broken seats.
The service is very bad. The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution. In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses.
I think if the government do the best work about the transport, they can save it.
It is true a car is more comfortable, but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere.
I don't think public transport does not have a future. There are a lot of people who cannot buy a car and they have to use community transport.
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone, so we are communicating with distant friends, and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves.
First of all, I am going to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of this topic.
The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast. For example, when you want information about something.
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites, such as Twitter, Facebook... You can speak with your quick friend, or you can meet with them on the website. Therefore, you do not call them on the telephone, because the internet is very cheap.
As for disadvantages, at present, children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones.
To sum up, the Internet is the most important advance in the world, but there are a lot disadvantages and advantages.
From my point of view, the Internet is useful for everyone, but we should not abuse it, and should carry out other activities.
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa.
In particular, some people don't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves, so public transport helps them a lot.
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future.
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player, but you will feel like a famous one.
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition.
We become not only older, but also wiser. We learn, but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and, for sure, to make mistakes. But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future.
Becsuse it is turning red!
As you know, my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John. Unfortunately, he has to do a three-month course outside of the country. John needs to leave France next weekend, but it is not possible. I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there.
Nowadays, technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful.
We as humans living in these days, rely on technology. Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology.
One example is television. In the past, we used it only for watching the news and movies, but as time goes by and the technology develops, now television has other functions.
Second, these days, television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet.
In conclusion, television can entertain and also educate, because television programs do it in an interesting way.
Football is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males, but I'm a girl and sometimes I realize that I know more than some males.
I have received your letter.
I agree with the statement that Mark Twain is the greatest American writer.
When I read his poem "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" I was excited.
I usually go to the seaside on Sunday morning.
Firstly, they design the bank notes 'background colour, its artwork and security issues.
Then the sheets of bank notes are printed. Printing colour on both sides and use special ink and the images are slightly raised.
Finally, they find good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheets or bad sheets.
At the same time, bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed.
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people, rather than write and listen to understand new things.
That's why I think that it's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity.
Definitely, it does not always depend on the kind of programme, but I think that nowadays, a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively.
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers. I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have. This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service, and girls do not have to.
However, I just go to the restaurant on special occasions, such as my birthday or when I pass an exam.
First of all, we should think of a design and decide the background colour and artwork, or even security issues.
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish in different containers.
While I struggled to walk.
Finally, I saw a light appear and I woke up.
We will have people that use the television as fun, most of the time; but we also have other people that use television for research.
For example, the channel ''Animal Planet'' has a lot of information about animals and how they live.
Nowadays, everybody has the ability to buy a television, so the numbers of TV viewers is going up; even if you are poor or rich; most can watch a movie, or a documentary.
Also, I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is a sunny day.
I can't pronounce well.
The home was on the shore. There was a tunnel and it's hole was in the deep. At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders.
Once a day, he met a girl called Sarah. She was 9 years old. Although Michael was bigger, Sarah could control him. Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set. Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore, but Michael was afraid. He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there, but he had no choice, so he accepted the challenge. Sarah told him she would go first. She took a breath... a deep one, and started to dive.
Our city is quite clean and habitable; people are more careful than before.
Generally, we use a cricket ground which has an oval shape.
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work, I haven't used my car or buses for a long time, because it is not healthy and costs a lot.
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars.
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period. When I am working from home, I use more energy to warm my home.
We learn to really segregate waste and, in the future, how we could, for example, use the same glass a second time.
Anyway, a lot of people will need some transport in some cases, not private, but public, and we can't say that this kind of transport will not be useful.
As we are fully dependant on individual generators, these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke, oil and gas left behind, in addition to noise, of course, because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise.
People, especially generator owners, have started using Canaopies, using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution.
Other residential areas, using their potential to maintain the environment by planting trees, roses, have numerous green spaces.
Also, recycling the trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines.
on the other hand, the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens.
I like the Indian restaurants in the city. In addition, the infrastructure and roads are well organised.
In the village where I live, there is a lot of vegetation. For that reason, we try to protect the environment. One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone, checking if there is any garbage. To avoid this, we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they don't throw cans, paper, or candies on the floor. They can also help the older people. There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation. To avoid that happening again, we have a punishment that is to pay some money. If they don't, they won't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again, unless they are visitors. In that case, we tell him or her the way we live in the village and, we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage.
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them. For that we have a care centre and, other additional institutions. We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this. To sum up, our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us.
If you want to have fun, you can go to Parque de la Costa. There are many interesting rollercoasters.
Nowadays, in school, we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives. Some of them are really important, but some of them are just a waste of time.
When Freddy began to sing, the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear's Song. Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children, This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child.
I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings.
If you have a car, you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus, but there are a lot of people who don't have a car, so they are used to going by bus and, for them, this way of travelling has become more convenient, because they have done it since they were children.
She has twenty-seven maid of honor dresses. Meanwhile, she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome, but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city. He is a good writer, and she unknowns that.
This story develops a mixture of themes such as courage, family values, friendship and love.
In conclusion, if you want to have a good time, you should go to the cinema to see this film with your family, because it is an interesting and emotional film.
Transport pollution is one of the most dangerous.
On the one hand, that quantity of cars can't be forbidden, because it's a personal right to have one or not.
Also, another improving measure might be increasing green areas in cities and towns.
Factories damage nearby areas and water extremely badly.
In my opinion, firstly, new buildings on the banks must be forbidden at all.
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way. Most people around the world can see any news live. Media is more helpful for people. Television is also used as a study resource, for example for smart classes,
Suddenly, an old carrying a heavy load hit him and fell down.
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk. You just need a pair of comfortable shoes!
Travelling privately makes one free of issues like harassment.
I like a lot of activities, such as travelling, reading, playing soccer and watching movies.
Besides, public transport will reduce traffic jams.
Finally, the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable, easier and faster way of life, but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more. Also, things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism.
Nowadays, an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland, forest and wetland disappearing because of some long-term human activities, for instance housing and transport networks are built, destroying the balance of the environment.
Firstly, it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people. What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in.
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us, for example, the high-speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling, while the animals may not welcome it.
She was very shy, sensitive and embarrassed.
She moved to Kyiv, graduated from university, and started to work.
Although she tried to hide, she became a great and famous model.
It would be interesting to accompany your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time.
The investigations were concentrated above all on the construction site of Mapello.
There are many educational programmes which we can get benefits from.
Nowadays, pollution is a problem that we have to solve before it gets worse.
As we can see, modernization is causing damage to rivers and seas.
While you are with me, you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country and we will become good workers.
I was really comfortable in my bed and I couldn't believe that someone had interrupted my calm.
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again, then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shower.
I practised dance a long time ago, but with age, I've preferred to practise an easier sport.
If I could give advice to new practitioners of Pilates, it would be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a good teacher.
The lack of sleep often makes me unable to concentrate in class.
And just as I was becoming a professional football player, my right knee was injured.
I like that phrase because the boy was happy because he got to
He is, for me and many people, an excellent actor because his personality is extroverted.
Thank you very much, Joe, for thinking of me to be your witness. I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and, of course, I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding.
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear, whether I have to bay any colour of tie, a flower.... I'm really very excited about your wedding.
Your muscles will be hard.
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city. He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism. He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another. He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city. He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there. He showed me the city and we went to different parts. First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments. Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early-morning visitors. Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Then I got focal on the subway trains, so we went to Grand Central Station. When we arrived, I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work, so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business. Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In this video game, you can kill, jump, dance, and eat all you want. It is a very good game. I think that it is the best "shooter" and that "Arctic Combat" is good too.
Today is the big day, the day of his presentation about acid rain and its consequences on the environment.
Feel the drama and realism of the best known event in Easter, played for nine years by the inhabitants, "The Passion of Christ".
Discover the main representative museum there, the olive museum, where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners, in addition to tasting its exquisite oil.
The first time, it's difficult, like any other sport, because you don't know and you have to improve by yourself, but if you like it, you will find it fascinating.
It is true that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running.
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to present due to how welcome I feel when I arrive at the reception.
Because of that, sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them.
I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could doin the kitchen, like baking cookies or making fresh bread.
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen, but to your surprise, it always turns out to be something unexpected.
Despite the fact that there isn't any Hollywood star, all the characters are played very believably and some scenes won't let you sleep.
My favourite place is the beach that is near, just about 20 miles away from my flat.
In toward to the modernization of life and technology, people believe in different perspectives of their way of life, but the majority of ones are totally utopian.
Actually, we have a lot of problems with traffic: lots of carriages on the railway and they aren't running; the number of cars in the street causes pollution; crowded railways cause a late arrival.
We discover, in this context, special diseases caused by traffic: stress, violence, pollution, lack of safety, and so on.
If public transport were of higher quality, faster and with lower fares, the majority of citizens would prefer it: it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport; moreover, the time spent to go and come back would be reduced, because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway.
In the morning, we went to Ocean Park, we saw dolphins, cats, horses and many other animals. In the afternoon, we went on the roller coaster. I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help. Actually, I hate riding on roller coasters. We played mind train, punch, and a lot of other games. At the end of the day I was running out of gas, because I was too tired to walk any further.
It has both advantages and disadvantages.
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist. The reason is just one: the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans 'sight.
On April 2014 he was unable to give a performance.
On September 2014, a note was released and published on AC/ DC's web page. The note said: "Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health".
We are not alone. We live with people who are family for us.
Television and other things invented by technology are part of our lives.
I think every family has got a television in their own home and, for example, I have 4 televisions in mine.
There are a lot of interesting TV programs where we can learn something and there are also intriguing television programs.
It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our health.
In general, I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV and other similar things are responsible for our problems with health and eyesight.
Laura, Adriana and me (Mara) love being a little bit cheeky, in a good way.
I remember, because we won.
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me, I started more running and training.
not believe in yourself.
I would like to inform about correction of my family name in the result sheet.
Could you please correct my family name.
Sport is very important for our bodies. It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self-confidence, so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better.
About me. I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body.
In Poland we have a lot of interesting places to visit.
Poland is an amazing and interesting country.
If you have working in Poland, the best way is job on holiday.
Every month, Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers, and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more, for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant.
I hope it will help you.
Michel arrived home earlier that day, and when he opened his door, he saw
That can be annoying.
This is good, because sales never went down.
I think my town really takes care of the environment, because there are a lot of parks in this town and they are very clean.
I think almost everyone loves parks, because a lot of people go to the park and have lunch, picnic, do exercise, nap etc.
There are many sports grounds, for example, tennis courts, football pitches and play equipment for children, so I think my town takes care of the environment. That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time.
Generally, sports are growing our minds continuously.
My favourite soap opera is "Friends". I remember watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out loud with my brother.
My favourite character is Joey, who is a silly, innocent man.
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age. Children require special attention to grow up well, and that can only be given by family. For instance, homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society.
Moreover, families play an essential part in protecting their members from bad atmosphere, and it probably reflects on their performance toward country, leading to effective, creative and useful civilians.
The last film I watched was "The Others". It is a horror/ suspense movie. I was really scared.
and the mother thinks she is lying. But after a while, she believes her and starts searching for the intruders.
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because, also, that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health, their expectations of life and the way they want to live it, because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth, so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives.
The companies who produce products with harmful ingredients are very powerful, so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce.
But one day, two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong, and they sad "what's that?". They saw a dead body. They were scared and ran to their camp.
The other friends called the police.
After two days, the police saw somebody at the crime scene. The policeman asked them what they were doing there. He was scared and puzzled.
The policeman was sham feom the gues and he apologised.
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people. In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world, one must strive hard, which in turn increases their stress levels.
Also, I have not had an invitation to an interview yet.
The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britain from 22 to 25 February.
Well, I'm Sebastian Vega and I'm studying engineering sustainable development.
Nowadays, public transport is hardly necessary to our life.
Consequently, gorvernment has started to support and take care of public transport.
How can we revive public transport?
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the establishment.
Luckily the schools are closed for ten weeks, so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Nowadays, there is very little public transport. The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around. Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion, it is widely recognized that public transport is eco-friendly.
Many people say that public transport is not comfortable. That's true. From my point of view, a bus is not so uncomfortable.
Public transport is also used by children like me who want to go to school, high school or to university.
Finally, I think public transport has a very good future, because it has very good advantages but also some slight disadvantages. It's also very useful for some people.
In my opinion, public transport shouldn't disappear.
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight-scheduled work. I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect, because I have a friendly rapport with people around me. I would be pleased to receive your positive reply.
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment, so ecosystems have been destroyed, rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town.
The recycling of plastic, paper, cardboard etc, by the population of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment.
The plot of this film is about a 25-year-old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule.
People are getting used to driving their own cars; it provides more comfort, and is more practical.
The government are opposed to investing in public infrastructure, because the benefits are lower every year.
I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets.
It is a true statement about cars. Travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new technologies apply to the
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
For example, India has a high rate of unemployment, hunger, poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment about being Indian.
Nowadays, the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that people have collected over the centuries.
Nowadays, public transportation is available almost all around the planet. We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century, but due to globalization and technological development, the transport sector is always in continuous transformation.
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing. Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply, in order to let the plane market boom.
Talking about local transport, we have a lot of choices like cars, motorbikes, buses, trains, but also, as we were saying, planes.
According to the information donne, the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one, but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet.
In conclusion, we are seeing a new tend in transport. Increasingly, they are faster and more developed, with the latest technology included, but in contrast, we find also a contradiction, as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth.
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation. However, there are serious problems that come from it. The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution, which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation.
Thus, I think the future of public transportation will be more prosperous.
Later, if you want, we could find a job for three months. In my opinion, a good job for three months could be as a waiter, because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer.
I started my hobby when I was a child.
Maintaining cars is expensive.
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower. There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near the office.
In spite of that, he was dressed on time.
According to the results of a questionnaire (Houston inhabitants) most of them play basketball to forget homework, problems and to relax in their free time.
Furthermore, they give advice to all those novices at basketball "don't ever lose the passion", because if they give up, they won't play with the biggest players in the world.
In conclusion, the real objective of the questionnaire consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America.
I love jogging because it's a way to stay outdoors, immersed in nature.
I fell relaxed being alone near mountains and snow.
Then there are some requirements for printing sheets: color on both sides, special ink and images slightly raised.
The most essential and key process is manual inspection of printed sheets with three categories: good quality sheets, partially damaged sheets and bad sheets.
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed, which means they will be cut into separate bank notes, packed and then dispatched.
He had a lot of animals: two dogs and three puppies, four horses, eight ducks and one cat, Lionel.
Lionel was a black and white cat, and he was a very funny, fast and sweet animal.
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyball and I really liked that.
One day, I had a surprise. I met a teacher and he invited me to train in a huge gym in a team.
Suddenly something happened. I needed to work to play my studies in high school, so life changes anyway. I needed to stop my favourite sport, because I needed to study at that time. It was more important to me.
Today I do not play volleyball anymore, but I really enjoy dancing. Now I can say that it is my favourite, it is all of.
The hugest gap is in 1981, when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval.
In approximately 1998 we can notice an equilibrium price at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantity at 23 billion packs.
Firstly, I'd like to talk about jobs. I think that these are the most important thing to worry about. If our studies get better, we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better.
Moreover, our capacity for learning more languages seems to be really adequate. Unfortunately, while there are a lot of teenagers that are working really hard, there are others that are all the opposite.
I think it is probable that in some years the technology could have improved quite a lot, and this is a very powerful advantage for us, the young people.
Because we were born in 'the internet generation' as everyone says, so this aspect might be helpful for us.
In conclusion, I've got to say that now we don't have to worry about the future, we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can.
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes. It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use.
My height is about 5.2, my hair color is dark brown, my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt. I will be arriving at 20 past 3.
It was slow.
This makes the
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities, because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that's great.
I have recently bought an electric car as a substitute for my traditional car.
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately.
After waiting for an hour, the time came and, bravely, with a high confidence level, he walked into the office.
Please, write me a list with the words that I need for technical conversation.
When you drive your own transport, a car for example, you go to and from a specific place, but on a bus, you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school, work...
I'm studying medicine. This major is very challenging although stressful, because the self-study is every day and there is a lot of information.
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships, not everybody can afford them.
I am 14 years old.
I don't have a favourite subject, but l like English because we can communicate all over the world.
The names of my best friends are Agustina, Emilia and Micaela. We are strange friends. We are in 6 together and that's when we became friends.
I am applying for the vacancy in the summer camp.
Morocco is a kingdom, like Spain and England. We have a king and princes.
we went to the Trocadero.
But the best was the Guards of Bukingham Palace.
We travelled to London by plane, but to come back we travelled by car and boat.
People contribution is very important in this matter.
Firstly, hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends. As a result of this, most people do not use their cars all week.
This attitude has reduced the enormous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes.
Many factories are following the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water.
In addition to that, recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person.
Town council not only encourage people to plant trees or gardens, it subsidises their green improvements.
In summary, people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings.
This is an international sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it.
Football is a famous sport. You can watch it on TV or you can see it live. There are a lot of level categories, the most famous category is the first.
People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV. If you want to be a big football player, you must practise more time and your life should be healthy.
This sport is the best in the world and the most famous and I think that it is the most enjoyed.
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice-cream from two places at an English seaside resort from 2012 to 2014. They are, respectively, an ice-cream van and an indoor public swimming pool.
In the case of the ice-cream van, it sold most in Jul-Sep each year, nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year.
In the case of the indoor swimming pool, its sales didn't have large changes, it usually sold about 2000-3000 dollars 'worth in each season.
It usually sold most in Apr-Jun and Oct-Dec and slid to the bottom in Jul-Sep.
Unbearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems.
Finally, governments and society are concerned about the environment and I think that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emissions.
So, we can say that time is a double-edged sword, either helping you or against you, and the popular saying is right: "don't put off the work of this day to the next day" because our work will accumulate. Then it will become harder to finish it. To ensure the best use of time in our lives, we need to be punctual. Punctuality avoids tension and trouble. Finally, even scientists have another vision of time. They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory, which exchange all concepts in science.
Oh! My brother, David, is going to get married! Surprise!
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad sheets and notes are disposed of.
Thirdly, they print the sheets of bank notes (50 banks notes per sheet) with special ink, where colour is considered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes.
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors. The action of this film takes place in Alexandria, a city in Egypt, and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they don't have much money to produce their own albums,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it "underground bands". Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution. I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society. There is no chance for young people and if they find it, they face a lot of problems to save it and they don't find time for other activities, and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love.
In the big cities, they have begun to build green buildings, they use electric public transport in order not to pollute.
The day after, we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum.
Nowadays, young people are influenced by the western culture, so they are getting more fashion-conscious. Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes. They are happy about wearing different color clothes. They don't want to wear our traditional dress, such as sari, dhoti, choli and many more. They only like to wear shirts, pants, skirts, t-shirts and many more. Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television.
Using private vehicles is more convenient for them than using public transport.
On the other hand, public transport doesn't pollute, but the car pollutes, so, for us, travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport, but for the atmosphere, it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car.
Also, TV, radio, the internet, big companies have advertisements about helping the planet.
To turn to, already people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals.
Technology is advancing very fast, in the best way. This is good for us because we will do a lot of things.
As a result of that, we will have a better life, more healthy and clean in the coming years.
In 1810, there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people. For example, Miguel Hidalgo is considered "The father of independence" and he fought with the Spanish monarchy.
I am an Arsenal fc fan.
I have been an Arsenal fan since 1999.
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players.
People from different cultures play in the same club.
Not all of Russia is always under snow.
I will give you a review of a thriller. The thriller is Hunger Games. It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game. You have to kill people before they kill you. It is a movie that has suspense, because you want to know how they survive. In the movie, someone loves someone and they protect each other. It is really cute, but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family, capitals, friends, etc.
This sport is an individual sport, so you win alone and don't beat a team, but if you play tournaments in pairs the one who wins is the team.
This sport is very famous all over the world, but in Italy it isn't very famous, because in Italy soccer is more famous than tennis.
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis. I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years 'time, then you won't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player!
I saw your advertisement in a newspaper.
I have also been a member of the association of tourism and ecology since I was 10 years old.
I have worked for a few different companies and associations in the past.
Usually I was a volunteer, but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work.
My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my friends.
l like to go to the beach with my friend or alone often.
I enjoy watching people and children having fun.
l like the cool breeze from the ocean while I'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music.
I really think that we should go to that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities.
But we could also try the climbing, but it would be better if we could climb outside, in the countryside.
Email me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays.
I think that public transport is much better for the environment than private transport.
So I do not agree with this affirmation. In my opinion, travelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport.
The menu is very well constructed, and the food is based on local products.
This problem is that some apparatus are broken and the paint is bad.
For me, the solutions to these problems are easy.
With the first problem, you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time.
And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenance once a year.
I look forward to your positive answer.
I am excited about the idea of being with and interviewing other students from different parts of the world.
You don't need a lot of equipment, so you don't have to buy a lot.
I think for people who are fat, they can go jogging, but a little bit slower.
Unfortunately, Agatha can't find sufficient clues to identify the guilty party.
I prefer walking, because the bus, helicopter, and metro are very polluting.
The pollution is the first problem with public transport
While I was ringing the bell, the neighbour's dog started to bark.
It was like it was waiting for a terrifying event.
Nobody opened.
When Michael saw me, he opened the door, but straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake.
Saying that, the music that they like is pop music and reggaeton as they can dance together.
Also, the television programmes that they watch are reality shows.
In addition, regarding clothes, young people wear a dress, skirt or jeans.
We were going to Gdask to see the new stadium that was built for the UEFA European Championship.
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our car.
This report shows the sorts of shops which are located in Moral de Calatrava.
It is thought that Chinese shops are the cheapest by far.
Something more fashionable: there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designers.
If you need something for a special event like a wedding, you can go to three shops which are specialised in that.
Because of different cultural backgrounds, the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different.
Do you have any different eating customs?
So. I need more information about eating customs in different countries.
In Korea, we usually use chopsticks when we eat meals and spoons as well.
So, I have to learn to use chopsticks to eat.
We think it's important to respect meal manners.
All thanks to new technologies, innovation in the field of medicine and new scientific discoveries.
To my mind, our lives have been improved in these years by smartphones, satnav, digital TV, the Internet..
First of all, in the next 50 years people's lives won't resemble at all this.
Apart from that, I imagine the world with everything automatic, planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant.
I cannot agree with the statement that there is "no future for public transport" given that the premise is "travelling by car is more convenient".
First of all, public transport is rather more convenient than a private car.
Despite this, the restaurant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments, hung up on the walls.
On our earth, hundreds of millions of people live.
A great number of buildings stand on the land,
even though the place probably should belong to animals.
However, we forget the one important thing: the earth belongs to all life.
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes, and it leads to environmental deterioration.
We make the transport easy. However, we take away other animal s 'lives through carelessness.
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA. HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS.
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS.
NOW, HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL. HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY.
When he was 21 years old, his father told him something about his family's secret.
Just enjoy your life day by day, and be thankful for an ordinary day. "
It is large, clean and comfortable and has air conditioning and internet wifi.
It offers many kinds of delicious foods, like meat, chicken, seafood, and if you want something different, you will find it there. It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant.
These days, computers are multifunctional.
I am writing to you about the advertisement in the Mirror daily newspaper.
I can speak several languages, like Spanish, English and Russian.
I am available to start to work immediately.
Your faithfully.
I recommend this sport to everyone, because it could be, as it is for me, a moment to distract you from the world, a moment to spend without thinking about tomorrow.
Secondly, other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers, it is not only their parents but other people, who surround them.
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad, and which way they will goin a difficult situation. For example, will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants?
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything, it is like a challenge, although you can do different things. You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone, so don't be alarmed if your children bother you.
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work. I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security.
I would like to tell you about this experience and how much I enjoyed working in there.
I was responsible for selling the movie tickets and having a good time.
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house.
He mostly played in the number 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 and 45.
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems. One day there is the problem of violence, one day the atmospheric conditions, or many other problems.
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources, such as electricity generated by the light of the sun's rays.
Or in addition, we could use the energy generated by the environment, such as the wind or inorganic waste.
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept in a museum in Conecticut where she is visited by a priest who blesses her twice a month.
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife: a beautiful doll dressed in a wedding dress.
Unfortunatelly, in a horrible night, the couple's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them.
The Satanists invoked an evil entity that is capable of the worst things... Annabelle.
After Mia gives birth to her daughter Lilly, Annabelel wants to kill her.
Even the priest doesn 't know how to help the unhappy familly.
Everyone is terrified and finds out that a demon is attached to the doll.
The gym has many problems that we are going to describe:
The first problem is that we don't have enough apparatus for all of the students.
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago.
For the first problem, in my opinion, the school should buy some other apparatus, because there are not enough for all of the students,
I hope my proposal will be useful to you.
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement "The Voice of Women" which is published by the WATC; the "Women's Affairs Technical Committee, and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development, a magazine which is published by the Center for development work" Maan ", and other websites and news and media organizations.
First of all, at home we recycle plastic, glass, paper and cartons, oils, clothes, batteries, putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials, and, finally, all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere. Then, when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank, I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle.
This has some advantages, such as it being more comfortable and faster.
On the other hand, private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet. We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport, which doesn't pollute.
At the moment, there is more than one car per person. That is a problem for me because people don't take care the of environment.
I am planning to visit his company.
Life is unpredictable and unforeseen.
But insurance is also a necessity and indispensable for peace of mind. It gives us surety to live life securely.
It gives competition to national companies. By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders. People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance.
It's a very moving book, but it isn't difficult. I think it's for teenagers, but it is also good for adults.
All over the world, people always need advice to keep looking after their environments. First, the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean. Second, they should run awareness campaigns about the environment; for example, telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets, which helps workers to recycle it easily. Finally, to stay healthy, we need a healthy environment.
suddenly, a krav maga class started in a gym close to my house.
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood, There are two types, first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children, the patient needs insulin every day. Also, this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person's immune system.
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body, so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body.
So it is necessary to eat vegetables and fruit and also to do exercise.
At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to rock climb.
After the exams finished, I went home and had nothing to do, so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I had watched them due to the exam week.
I was so angry, because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing. So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but didn't find them.
It was destroyed by a volcanic eruption in 75 BC.
Vesuvius-this is the volcano's name-covered it with a lot of ash so that walls, houses, food, clothes, bodies of citizens were preserved as they were.
In addition, it is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei's citizens.
There is a unique atmosphere!
So, I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and countryside.
Hi! My name is Ctia and I am a student of electrical engineering.
I am in the third year at university, I don't know what the Master's will be that I am going to do, but I want a Master's related to programming.
I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robots and their mechanisms.
In the first place, I think that you must look on the internet. You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best.
In my opinion, you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most attractive.
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately.
He had forgotten to go to his English classes.
But he did not realise something. His little brother was watching him through the window.
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life, because not all people have the possibility to buy a car, and because public transport is less expensive than a car. So for that reason, public transport in the future could exist, because public transport is a necessity all over the world, not only because of money, but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport.
I don't know isn't an answer.
After an hour, the dog was vaccinated and taken home, but his mother needed a bottle of milk.
First, I want to introduce myself.
I am a young woman with a melancholy character.
I love writing but I am not confident about my grammar.
I have no idea after this sentence.
Therefore, public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro, public buses etc.
Working in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas, manage all departments and learn about business, management, economics, sales, engineering, technical support and other skills.
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction. However, it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work.
I started to play it when I was twelve years old and these days I still love this sport.
At some point, you wish it was all an illusion. You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life..
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise. For example, I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series, has ambient lighting, it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button, it's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving.
Those are the main reasons that could make public transport disappear.
Firstly, it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity. That is the first step to doing exercise, then competing in sports will encourage competitors to make an extra effort.
In addition, stress is a clear disadvantage of competing, because competitors are trying to win and this can frustrates.
Finally, I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages, but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life.
Second is to prepare metal plates using qualified machinists.
If the sheet is good or partially damaged, it can be packed and delivered by vehicles after being cut into separate notes.
I advise people to start this sport, because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good.
When I was fourteen years old, I won a championship because, in that period, I swam as a competitive athlete.
It was a real satisfaction and I was happy.
Michael is a 22-year-old man, he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice.
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job. He looked at all the advertisements but he never found the one he needed.
In contrast, you could suffer some nasty cuts or, though, be sunburnt.
I used to live in assistent house. It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana, then I moved to an apartment with two friends.
The garbage truck picks up paper once a week, plastic two times per month and undifferentiated three times a week for all people who live in my country.
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing. There are also a lot of people that don't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons, like the price, because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car, or because of the traffic. Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster.
Secondly, there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet.
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English. If you know grammar, you only know certain rules for writing, but I think that speaking is more important than writing, because when you go to any place in the world, you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you. In this part you may notice that if you don't know vocabulary, you won't understand anything. But here is another topic. Whether you understand or not, you have to notice the way that people talk to you, and try to understand what the person is trying to say.
I enjoy this because I like it.
I see myself as a perfect candidate for this position.
I live in one of the most beautiful countries-Ukraine.
When I was at school my friends and I attended junior swimming school.
My friend and I always had ice cream and fun after training.
Nowadays, the option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common.
Apart from that, you see new places and you have fun. You also learn about other cultures, historical facts, you also learn to respect other people and their customs.
In addition, you don't think about your problems and the only thing that you do is have fun and do what you want to do.
Besides, you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind, to see the world in another way.
In conclusion, I think that it is the best way to open your mind. Not the only way, but yes, the best way.
I would like to recommend friends to visit Italy.
So if you want to visit any country, I'm going to recommend Italy.
This affirmation: travelling by car is so much more convenient, says everything. For example, if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination, and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car. It is more practical and faster.
Don't forget the cost.
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most. I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time.
Finally, the consequence of cocaine is death. If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot, you will die prematurely.
We enjoyed swimming in the sea, sunbathing, having a barbecue and seeing the sunset.
Young people want to find a good job here, but they are working in MacDonald's or Burger King for a low salary.
Television plays an essential part in our life; we turn it on nearly every day, since it can make life more interesting.
There are two points to prove it.
For one, a show broadcast on television may enlighten us and give us some enlightenment.
From: horses, steam vehicle, first petrol and gas car to future cars when the fuel will be electricity.
My hobby
But now I really enjoyed it, and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show, which was amazing. For s couple of hours, I didn't move. It was a brilliant present.
In 1994, The Scream, one of the most expensive paintings in the world, was stolen from the National Gallery of Oslo (Norway).
When he stole the painting he wrote a note saying: "thank you for your good security" and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to steal the painting.
There are mainly 4 steps: design, preparation, printing and inspecting.
This essay will explain these different steps.
Firstly, personnel design the background colour, the artwork and the security features on the bank notes, which is also done in process of other card, such, such as notes for supermarkets.
After sheets of bank notes are printed, there are differences and specials for it, it uses special ink, and prints colors on both sides, and images are slightly raised.
Finally, inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories: "bad sheets" are sent for disposal, where things are securely destroyed; "Good quality sheets" will go for packaging and distribution, where sheets are cut, packed and dispatched.
However, sheets that are "partially damaged" will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions.
I'd like to write on this subject because it's a very important topic.
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium& support my team with my flag& cheers.
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches& followed by captain supervised on him
When you have the desire to do something, something you always dreamt of achieving, something touches you inside not only when you do it, but also when you think about it.
First, this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable.
Kids around these ages (2 to 5 years old) do not have a mature critical sense and anything can easily persuade them.
In conclusion, I am strongly in favour of this statement. Advertisements for young kids, not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbidden because of the kid's vulnerability and the risk to their parents 'relationships with them.
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I saw in "The Daily Magazine" last week.
I am a twenty-year-old student currently studying to be a chef.
If you need any further information, please do not hesitate in contact me.
Nemo's father knew a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him. They cross all the ocean to go to Nemo's location to save him, while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist's house.
In the following paragraphs, I am going to analyze these issues in a detailed way to provide a solution.
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother. It is my favorite sport, but I like other sports too, same I don't play volleyball because I'm bad, and my friends that I know, don't like people who are bad at volei.
But today, things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives. The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury.
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique.
The diagram shows the development from 1998 to 2014.
At Easter time, the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition. In contrast, the pagan spring festival doesn't focus on consecration but rather on celebration.
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car. A car is easy and cozy also, but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people.
Public transport mainly means public bus. People used to travel long distances by public bus. It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus.
Although I knew that there was some conflict between England and Scotland, the vote really shocked me.
I have been travelling with both for years, and I reckon everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another.
My favourite sport is soccer, because it is the most popular sport in the world.
But every time, I get trouble.
The husband of Grace is called Charles.
Her sons have a problem which means that they can't look at natural light, and one day, Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying. So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there. So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there. So she starts getting more and more nervous. She goes and talks to the servants, and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys.
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance. He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job. he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh.
Nowadays, the number of endangered species has increased.
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers.
To sum up, there are a lot of clearly strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos.
In my opinion, people should build some kinds of wildlife parks. This solution will allow
It's a really expensive solution, but we must do that for
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers.
The first chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student.
For career has 80%; under 26 years old students selected it. For the over 49 years olds, only 20% of people selected it; but if you compare this with interest, it is totally different; under 26 years old have only 10%; but over 49 years olds have 70%.
The other chart is about employer support. Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70%, the second highest is aged 26-29 years old; it has 50%; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30-39 years old.
You can visit the old city and see old buildings and the castle, you can see the beautiful view from bridges over the water.
isn't good for students.
First of all, by getting students out of the classroom, students take a break from the school routine.
Furthermore, going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves.
In addition, field trips are an important part of our school activities.
Unfortunately, I saw you last many days ago.
My flatmate is my best friend today.
Susan told me that you need to know a couple of things before your visit to Spain.
At that moment, he knew his decision was going to affect his whole life.
When he was escaping from the prison, he bumped into an old friend callled Charlie.
Why do I enjoy my favourite sport?
I love it when the temperature is a little bit cold, but not too much.
But there's a difference between eating a good meal, and eating by the way.
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus. Maybe she had always been the woman of his life. He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her. But he decided to leave the pub. He walked to the exit.
All in all, I still had a memorable vacation.
In addition, there is a small blackboard for my little brother because my mother wants my brother to learn Arabic and English letters.
My country is a very interesting place. We have a lot of ancient and mystical places.
I think you couldn't work in my country, because it's illegal for foreigners.
The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the town hall clean the streets.
To begin with, nowadays more and more people prefer travelling by car rather than by bus or train.
In the end, I want to tell you that we are not robots. Everyone deserves what they want.
I like public transport and I love my planet. I think the best method for reducing pollution
announced the way they take care of the town.
My apartment is very beautiful.
It has some disadvantages like, it hasn't a private parking lot.
Finally, my apartment is very beautiful, and it has a lot more advantages than its disadvantages.
There are various kinds of different things that happen in people's lives, some may be normal and nothing special, while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time.
Eventually, I was third in the contest.
The most important thing is that you can learn a valuable lesson from failure.
Resolve/ determine/ insistence
I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applauds them every time they win a point. Although I'm not on the court, I can feel the feeling of the game. It's really awesome.
Once in a while, I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament, besides watching and enjoying it, I can also learn how real the game is, what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason. You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice, or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real.
Public transportation is excellent; you save money, take care of the environment and make friends.
On the other hand, she has never been a talkative girl, so it's usually me who is always talking a lot.
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it, so that everyone has a private car nowadays. Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport.
For these reasons, it is unlikely there is no future for public transport.
Alison felt desperate. She noticed that her husband's car keys were in her house, so he was walking or someone had picked him up. She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends. Nobody knew anything and now they were scared.
My favorite sport is football.
In my opinion, if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team. Moreover, I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight.
On one hand, public transport is good because it doesn't pollute so much and you can move around the whole city.
We don't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport.
In conclusion, public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem. It is true that sometimes you need private transport, but apart from that, public transport is used a lot by people of all ages.
I'm a committed, responsible, and organized person.
First I would like to introduce myself. My name is Joaqun Gutirrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football, which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old.
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent, like tennis.
Currently, I play in the first division of the club River PLate from Argentina.
In my opinion, people will travel by public transport more frequently, because this type of transport is less expensive, more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car.
My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world.
At 2p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I couldn't understand anything and I couldn't talk.
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination. This often causes traffic accidents and congestion.
For this reason, people are becoming aware of the terrible problem and are learning and teaching vial culture to new generations.
In addition, public institutions are promoting this and also private companies create advertising to increase awareness.
This is due to the fact that Lima, in the beginning, did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways, and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population.
I usually take public transport to go to the University, because public transport is cheaper than a car.
(5) establish a mechanism in collaboratively exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea.
As he got closer, he saw a lot of people around the Kabaa.
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day. I like it because it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health; better than medicine.
The purpose of this proposal is to provide details about shopping facilities in my hometown, Vung Tau, and give some recommendations for tourists.
They offer a wide range of choices, from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities, at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people.
I assure you that there should be high-quality and varied products there satisfying your needs.
I highly recommend local shops to our tourists for their cheap prices and the hospitable manners of residents here.
My hobbies are meeting Friends and hanging out with them or playing basketball in my spare time.
People don't use the five seats of the car to travel.
From the point of view of the environment, this is a bad idea, because it uses a lot of gas per person.
A new problem is in the small towns, because they are not designed to accommodate a lot of cars.
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns, because they only exists between the big cities.
It is a problem of mentality. If we had been born into a society that used public transport, I think that would be better and we would use it normally.
There are so many educational programs, like Animal Planet, and so many others.
Sometimes, some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes, for example, Animal Planet can help you in biology. The History Channel can help in history, etc... In my opinion, television can be as good as books, and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books, because TV is something fun, so you can learn and have fun at the same time.
I am writing in response to your advertisment for SUMMER CAMPS.
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer. I worked in another restaurant in London, but I would like to look after children, because I have studied to be a teacher.
Yours faithfully.
Here in Brazil, it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government, which unfortunately won't happen soon.
And why am I talking about it? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset. Just with knowledge and information, we will be able to manage actions to save, protect and improve the environment, and instead we have the current result.
This aphorism is famous and true.
People try to build big and luxurious houses but they forgot about the main thing.
We can choose expensive things for the interior,
n the town, he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment.
In my opinion, we should be conscientious and stop it. If we don't stop it, after, it will be too late.
The best present that I have received was... I don't remember!
Another thing, in my home there are some rules: my brother and I tidy our room, we clean the bathroom after we use it, we can't eat on the sofa...
Let us examine the advantages and disadvantages
Nowadays, people have a stressful life, so we can't spend time waiting for public transport.
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen. It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them.
I think I am the right person for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English.
Firstly, Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues, where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm. This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino's films.
In my opinion, volleyball must then be considered among high-risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings. My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way.
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life, and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives, and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence,
but we also must cooperate to save our town. On the one hand, we must Presentation an awareness program for all people,
There is no future for public transport, because travelling by car is so much more convenient.
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars. If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time, there will be a huge traffic jam, so travelling by car isn't much more convenient in this situation.
My email address is xxxxxxxx.
As a result, I think that I have some talent for swimming.
From then on, I felt my disease decrease and feel relax.
I am prepared for long working hours. That's no problem for me, because I am young and I like working and spending time with people.
Although some people prefer individual games, I prefer team games.
They must know, people will notice them, walking along the street.
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children, from canoeing to swimming competitions. Also, I worked in a summer camp last year, where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again.
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
In my opinion, music like this should be played more often on the radio and other mass media.
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a defender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play.
When we arrived there in July last summer, the owners welcomed us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge, all included in the room's fee.
There is perhaps nothing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable.
A lot of children usually don't know how to study English, and you could help them to get there.
The other team was professional, they had won many competitions, they were really good, but Tom and I knew that we could win.
I'm the right person for the job because I'm reliable and experienced.
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier. My favourite sport is swimming, so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed.
Moreover, daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier. So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases.
Dear Sir or Madam,
Called in a malicious way, there are 6 floors for jewellery, clothes, accessories, gadgets, books etc.
Being in the centre of Bucharest, you can go outside, in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade.
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city, public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and, depending on its quality, also low budget.
Your health needs calm, friendship, happiness... You must keep in contact with your friends and spend time with yourself (do not forget your hobbies and learn new things) and your family.
It follows that, on the one hand, I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and, on the other hand, I have a perfect command of English.
In addition, as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and, moreover, I definitely have a way with children of any age, after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school.
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this position.
A wise man in the past said once, "If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climber, the strength of a shot putter, the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer."
It's exhausting and you have to move fast to get every shuttlecock.
You have to be competitive!
My coach was very nice and mostly we played in teams.
I had a lot of fun at the summer sports camps and I made a lot of friends.
Invite your friends from school or work.
Practice together with people of your age. It is a lot of fun and you will get better soon.
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months.
Particularly in Barcelona, the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there wasn't an appropriate place to keep the fish, so they couldn't eat it one or two days later.
You start living on your own, make your own decisions and plan your future.
The year off gives them opportunities to get a job.
You can get to know other countries and new individuals.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me.
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested.
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past, Antalya (Turkey) is the best city to work in.
Finally, I personally disagree with cyberschool.
Cyberschool aren't interested in health and safety issues!
In fact, it can help them to speak with their friends more easily.
In conclusion, so family and friends are very necessary in your life.
I remember that you are fascinated by nature, so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food. You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly, there are amount of variety.
When it's cold, I always go to a covered swimming pool, and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining, I always go to a reservoir.
In present-day society, sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate.
It is definitely not environmentally friendly.
And last but not the least, public transport is much safer than private transport, because it transports many more people, and so, there is more caution.
Film stars and politicians are interesting to people because of their talents and special abilities.
On the one hand, famous people try to hide their lives from journalists.
In everyday life, the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influential.
So, I enjoy running alone or with friends, because this sport has a lot of possibilities, more than I thought when I started to run after finishing High School.
This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport, and the vast majority of people still use their personal automobile, with inconveniences and safety being the excuse.
In the past, I tried to play basketball, tennis, ping pong and so on, but the outcome made me depressed and less confident.
The first point which I would like to mention is cost.
That could be frustrating, especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving.
Finally, the word convenient means something different for everyone.
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want, for the other, it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues. They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others 'lives.
But there are some disadvantages, like stairs because we are on the second floor. We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many stairs to reach our classroom and that's so annoying sometimes.
Travelling could be a good way to improve your language and to get to know Italy better.
Maybe you'll choose to attend university in one of these cities!
It is a tourist country, you could work as a waiter in my city.
As it is a movie related to magic tricks, when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understandable, you know that, in fact, it is not.
Long after that, because I had such a natural talent at engineering, I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job.
By February we'll have finished our exams and we'll have more free time.
Birdwatching really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature.
Don't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audience?
The new activity which I have thought could be organised and could have success is called "The Club of discussion".
In addition, it could be interesting, although you don't have to do physical activity, because your ability to edit a speech, support an idea, have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity.
In conclusion, making a speech contributes to our social relationships and it allows us to define our personality.
We found very cosy and traditional houses, the market was very popular, with a lot of people walking around, and the people were very nice to us.
For this reason, when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change their lifestyle.
So they would help to solve a bit the problem for the UK's recycling system.
Such us yoghurts, biscuits, etc, was wrapped in plastic.
However, I also think that it's important to be conscious of environmental concerns, so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish.
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing (or even following) this terrific sport, I'd say it's passion for wearing your club's jersey and respect for your adversaries.
For years of wars and difficult situations, history was creating people's beliefs and convictions.
Conclusions and recommendations
I really like reading many kinds of books, magazines, etc. When the weather is bad, I love sitting in my favorite armchair, near the fire place and reading.
I enjoy hearing the rain while I am reading at home.
However, I like walking very much, too.
I prefer comedy and romance, but I like thrillers and drama too.
Finally, I enjoy taking care of my garden, where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers.
We like the sea very much, so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardinia.
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water.
By recycling, by trying to reduce the traffic, walking and cycling. That also improves our health and fitness.
People of all ages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife.
At school, children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity.
There also a lot of plans for the future, to start using electric cars.
I'm Catholic and I play the guitar in the Church choir.
Each year, in the summer holiday, I've worked in the "Summer camp" organised in our neighbourhood, both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old.
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles: modern, classical, gothic, etc.
However, not all is OK. A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates can't afford it.
At that moment, the phone started to ring, I pick it up... but no one answered me when I asked 'Who is that?'.
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women's shops inside, the facilities are quite attractive and very up-to-date, the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches.
It brings you directly to my suburb.
Using this transport I will go to New Zealand then Australia and other countries.
Travelling by car is much more convenient, as many people say, but public transport is much better for the environment.
In my opinion, it is one of the healthiest sports there are because you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing.
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save other people's lives, even if they come from an aborted foetus.
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process, so parents that had an aborted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research and help other people.
How are you doing? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month.
After some time, I felt sad, because I realised that I wouldn't be able to see the band playing on the stage, because I had to stay in front of the entrance.
We took some photos and got autographs.
great starter and when you finish it, they bring you the barbecued meat.
Then the main course is the barbecued meat that is very tender and tasty.
But, considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world, it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation.
The family might exist on paper, but not in reality, because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high-technology phones they'll have at that time.
I know, it sounds boring and pessimistic, but if we don't change our minds immediately, the future is going to be like that, for sure.
Developed countries, Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people, expressed as below 20%, whereas Sub-Saharan Africa, Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write.
There are also places where people can buy the typical clothes; dark dresses for women or a 'tango hat' for men.
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes, there are so many places you can go. Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well-known brands, and technology is located in Recoleta.
During this day, the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things, but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson.
I worked at a nursery school in London last summer, which led to the improvement of my English skills.
On the other hand, you have the public service called Metrobus, and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times. When you arrive you must find the A-line, go to the Patriotismo station (C line), then go to the delta station and walk to# 76 Acrone Street.
If I were you, I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot, so, I think you don't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip.
In the last ten years, Brazil has created a wide range of governmental programmes.
Educational and medical assistance, as well as iinfrastructure improvements are some of the recent advancements.
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and acquiring an international standard qualification.
I found your advertisement in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps.
Suddenly, a tumbledown cottage emerged from the darkness.
Well, since my childhood I have always loved weapons. My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7, but it wasn't until I was 15 that I found my real passion, and it was archery. Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer, and that archery is my favorite sport.
After more than seven hundred years, in 1733, the Roman Catholic bishop's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara, where the first cathedral became the church of Jesuit monks.
Journalists and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance the the value of them.
Everybody makes mistakes, but their mistakes are written about and known by society, which is unfair and harmful.
They ought to appreciate what they have and stop complaining about their life, because there are plenty of people, who dream of being them.
Famous people have to notice how much they have, appreciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life, because it is not such a disaster as they often think.
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers, each car consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline, and released a certain proportion of air pollution.
can also satisfy passengers who cannot travel by plane and need to take long-distance journeys.
To summarize, he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his definitive
Furthermore, as the programme is endorsed by the European Union, the trainee has accident and liability insurance.
It was a good experience. The hotel had every comfort you can imagine: a restaurant, a spa, a gym, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, a beauty center and a church.
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce discomfort and keep one's feet at a nice temperature.
Players must be considered as a painter working on a piece of art.
It's not the effort they have applied or all the hopes they had.
Their expectations will be considered useless.
People don't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job, they will judge only it.
So, if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport, they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win.
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazzi who are trying to find out more about their private life.
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time. Being a waitress or something like that is well paid and not so difficult to do.
I have numerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite.
THE STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers, under no circumstances should we miss it!
I like to read too. My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books. It's hard to explain, but I mean books with everyday action not science-fiction or romance.
Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B, in any kind of environment, the safest and fastest way, without causing any harm to your body.
Parkour was developed in Lisses, France, around the 1980's.
One of the foundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method, created by Georges Hbert.
Basically, the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body. These are: swim, run, walk, jump, quadruped movement, climb, lift things, balance and defend yourself.
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam soldier and worked as a fireman in the French army.
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with.
His son, David Belle, was taught some of the foundations of Parkour too.
Some people say that David created Parkour but, in fact, his father developed all the ideas of the discipline.
Parkour isn't just a physical discipline, there is also the philosophical part. Altruism, "be strong to be useful" (it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method), develop your body and mind so that, in a dangerous situation, you will be able to save yourself and other people, and so on.
Therefore, it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before, during and after a training session, that Parkour is my favorite sport.
For me, people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport, because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus.
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production, storage and distribution.
Their opinions varied a bit here.
An argument some used was: 'In case we removed this whole industry, then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed, and that would be a problem.'
Finally, the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history, anthropology and seeing a lot of types of art.
I agree with the statement, that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time.
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true.
Although it doesn't mean that the press should write about your private life.
And, as a drawback of being a celebrity, they are followed by paparazzi almost everywhere.
Besides, being followed by unknown people must be quite a scary experience.
My listening is good and I can understand.
I look forward to hearing from you very soon. If you have any questions, you can mail or contact me.
First of all, travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport; cars have to pay for gas, insurance, repairs, environment fees etc; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper.
She knew that he would be staying away for so long but she would wait.
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them, because she was pregnant and this baby was coming. It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor, just like Jason's father.
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of "Bulls Running on the street", many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra. As a result, a few shops such as "LA VINOTECA" and "DELICIUS" are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food.
There is little doubt that they will not only find original products, but will also enrich their minds.
On the other hand, they are still normal people, who have families, partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes, without cameras, media, newspapers, flashes and spotlights.
What is more, I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is fame.
I'm available every afternoon from 5 to 8p.m., when it is morning in the USA.
Of course, some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who don't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them don't exist.
Nowadays, people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them!
I am really happy you wrote to me for some advice and I am very honoured that you want to spend some time in my country.
First, you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy, because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit.
If you like Egyptian history, you can go to Turin, where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt.
If you want to visit the south part of Italy, you must start your trip from Florence, the birthplace of the culture. Then you must go down to Rome, the capital city of my country.
After you have seen the Coliseum, the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain, and so on, you must visit Naples.
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great.
I think you could work as an entertainer in some tourist villages around the country.
In that way, you could improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience.
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your ability, so I think that you could take some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts.
Let me know if you enjoy your tour and take lots of photos (I want to see them soon)
I'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week.
I'm 31 years old, and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life, so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children.
As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking.
At night, the noise was annoying. I was not able to rest properly.
Also, the phone did not work properly, it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist.
In addition, the elevator was out of order.
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at stermalm called: "New Peeking". It's an Asian buffet and they make the best food.
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish, English or Biology.
I think that, in particular, spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you'll probably feel tired.
This could be good, although some people say we don't need all this time and we have to work more.
Another point is that we can meet friends more or visit our family if we have more free time and that is always good.
In other words, it could be said that if we had more free time, our lives would become better, because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family.
From my point of view, having free time is perfect, because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase.
I study philology.
Now I am working as a journalist at National Radio.
But instead I am writing about stupid decorations, illnesses and other boring stuff.
Well, I have good news for you! I met a wonderful girl last week when I went to the cinema.
I want to introduce her asap!
Besides brilliant actors, they have incredible decor and it's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop.
Since graduating from University of Education majoring in business English, I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis.
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the tempting point attracting me.
In addition, your cafe is conveniently located near my home, which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week. That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job.
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the museum, and hope you can take time out to go one day!
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future. First of all, the means of transport will change. Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy. A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work. You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach-fuelled car.
I think that's the only negative point about today's television, because maybe there's too much choice!
When we were schoolgirls, we used to spend all our free time together.
To find out about other cultures and get new knowledge completely different from school.
On the other hand, maybe if we have a break before university, the routine of working and studying every day could break.
So when university starts, people will become busy, the routine will not be the same, and, as a consequence, the marks will be lower.
At first, I didn't believe that this place would be as amazing as she said.
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe: comfortable chairs and sofas, beautiful features and really good-tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of.
Although the most important thing is that there were not only friendly staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland, with Alice and the White Rabbit.
If TV programmes are a lot of rubish, it is because some people prefer them.
I had a great time with my friends, but I have a few comments concerning the organisation.
However, there are a couple of small suggestions.
First of all, the venue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find.
I would like to suggest hiring special animators who will entertain kids.
You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts, for example, for students.
Yours faithfully
There, you will see beautiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice vineyards.
Chinese, Spanish and Portuguese. None of those languages are as popular as English is.
Brazilians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education.
Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians 'professional lives, helping them to get a better position.
The Brazilian educational system should be aware to develop students 'language skills more.
Learning English as a second language will help Brazilians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers.
I love outdoor activities. I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now, and started motocross in 2010. Also, I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers. When I was a child, my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend. That was until four years ago, because he is no longer able to stay out of the city. But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there, so, I really know how to do things in the woods.
Third, public transportation sucks, when you think about it. You can picture the crowded subways, dirty buses, and the difficulty/ hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind.
Secondly, everybody seeks safety in their lives.
Look around you, crimes and death are surrounding us. All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness.
For that reason, I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry. I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down, saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life.
In conclusion, I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy, because you live a calm life without anything making you sorry.
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria. She is a very pretty and famous actress. She also writes a fashion blog. She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente, who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain. They have a daughter-her name is Daniela-and they are like a perfect family.
Therefore, she has everything good about being a celebrity, but the most important is that she is a great person.
By increasing the variety of cars with new technology, people's demand hasn't 'stopped.
As technology enhances the life system in any way possible, people become more dependent and can't avoid it because of many different attractions that these cars have.
Traffic jams will cost a lot, causing problems such as pollution, which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us, but for others as well.
The solution is public transport again, which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways and special roads.
To sum up, as thought cars are too convenient to some extent, but the cost will reduce the benefits.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for the job in the USA summer camps.
This job would give me the opportunity to practise my skills and get more experience with children as well.
The plot is about a man, Arthur, twenty-five years old, who is engaged to a nice girl.
The company requested him to go back three days later, so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recommended him.
It is universally accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable.
The doorbell rang insistently. It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed.
What an amazing surprise! I was very emotional and was about to cry. "
In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age, I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quickly.
Also, it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations. In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world, whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend.
Obviously, we cannot imagine how much time we spend online, because the whole day we are connected, in our houses, on mobile phones and on computers at work.
They have to realise that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have different diseases.
When the light sensor is in the shade, the synthesizer emits a lower pitch, and when the sensor is exposed to light, the synthesizer's pitch rises.
I had to work as a liaison with clients as well as the company officials (since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies).
She explains that in the process of purification, a large amount of coal and oil is burned, which pollutes factories rather than the environment.
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s.
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality.
One of his most famous speeches was "I have a dream", where he described equality in society between white and black people, where all people can live together.
He was murdered in 1968, in Memphis. He was 39 years old.
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries, theaters and clubs, a few parks which provide different events like open-air concerts or public muster-classes.
Write soon
Let us look at an example of a university student.
The student had a great number of assignments and projects, so he spent more time on accessing the library, becoming more ambitious to study books, and using a computer to search the for latest information.
Therefore, not only did he get high scores in the reports, having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library, but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym.
At university, I also have a lot of assignments, so I like to go to the library to study, where it is more quiet, spacious and internet accessible.
It is a great life stage, but at the same time, it is difficult. Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families, with themselves. As a result, they don't know what to choose.
Twenty years ago, no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives, but today, these items have become necessities of our daily lives. Nowadays, many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go.
To begin with, I am a fluent speaker of English. I worked in numerous camps last summer.
As a result, I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities, but I could also provide assistance in other places, including the kitchen.
The crucial point is the transformations and experienced contradictions of the characters.
In our imperialist and capitalist world, we need more films or artistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities.
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or, unsurprisingly, misinformation.
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people, who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience.
However, both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way, but to get fame and popularity at the same time. Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising.
To clarify what the situation is, it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites, but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences, beliefs or thoughts. however, more or less reliable.
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately.
Jon didn't usually go to the countryside, so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid.
After drinking water from the bottle, he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon's leg was broken.
There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately.
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistic and it could happen in the real world sometime.
There you can see dinosaurs from prehistoric times.
It can be amazing to see different species of animals which are no longer living.
By visiting museums we can learn interesting details about the history and culture of that society.
In addition to having lots of information, we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums, such as huge dinosaurs. You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit.
Every day in my town, people talk only about football because it can give you a lot of emotions.
On the other hand, my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona.
In the morning, everyone goes to their job by car, but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle.
For example, during a football match, if you make a mistake it isn't too important because you have a team which can remedy it, even if you do nothing.
The most interesting is the art gallery, Oko Miasta, which is located in the city centre.
What's more, in the middle of the building, there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers.
Furthermore, in the building of the art gallery there is a club Oko.
Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens, but it is also really extraordinary: people can walk thered carpet and drink the most famous drinks.
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it's played more in countries like Britain, Argentina or Germany, than in Spain or Italy.
In my opinion, grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requires you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly.
Firstly, Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains, it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away.
The vacation starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend, creating an experience you will never forget.
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami, you can appreciate the beautiful view that this place offers.
Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolescents.
To conclude, Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored, you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller-coasters.
He is a soldier in the military in Thun, where he works as a teacher.
Then Robert smiled and giving his hand towards hers, said: 'I have missed you a lot'.
In addition, farmers, huntsmen, fishermen and any other people that are used to living in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs.
Meanwhile, wild animals which have forests and wetlands as their habitats will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete. Endangered animals will be harder to find after the destruction of their homelands.
Also, there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals, such as cows, lambs, chickens to be fed.
To reduce the above problems, it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of buildings and transport and try their best to decrease the side effects.
In my opinion, there are a few advantages of shopping.
Another good point of shopping is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people.
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion, except Kate, his only best friend, who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream.
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time, something that could give a new vision of reality, and Kate started to offer some information about many artists.
She started to be a little bit nervous, she wasn't able to find any solution when, suddenly, she remembered that Michael's art had the features requested by her clients.
Michael was very excited because he finally had the opportunity to introduce his view of art through his pictures.
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China, Japan, the USA and Oceania, Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child.
Kate was really angry and she ordered him to leave her room immediately.
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star's, but they should make their decisions transparent for most of the population though.
It is their job to make decisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country, but we don't need to know anything else about them, after they come home to spend some time with their families.
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievous behavior.
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham.
As I see it, there are several ways to improve, it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day.
You may not think, it but when you are just thinking, you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity.
Using new vehicles, travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life. I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travelling enjoyable.
Artificial intelligence is one of the best ways, we can switch drivers to these vehicles.
We can also help by paying for our tickets. Yes, this is simple, but these companies need money to improve their businesses.
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden released.
In this album, the drummer was really great and fantastic electric guitar solos were performed too.
Since he took up office in 2002, Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil, taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty.
To curb corruption, new laws were created, institutions were re-structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society.
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula, a poor migrant from northern Brazil, overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own, privileged, university-educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems.
You don't have to think about bus timetables and stops.
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car.
It is really good. It is better than the previous novel, FSOGrey. I really mean it. It is not porn. BE GROWN UP PLEASE. If you don't want to read the "sex parts", just turn over the next page till it ends, that's all. I did that to finish that novel. This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman, chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood, and he only refers to his birth mother as "the crack whore", which is related to his recent behaviour-BDSM. And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life, innocent, didnt know anything about life. Apparently, THEY were so different from each other, but somehow, some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple.
But most importantly, one should enjoy all of this fun.
I'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and, hopefully, we'll also find somewhere for you to work.
We'll visit the Hall City Tower, the zoo, the citadel, and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees.
Concerning your work plans, I have an uncle who owns a farm, so I think we can arrange for you to work there.
They can barely breath with all those photographers around them.
For example, when a fan follows a cab, she or he could be hurt, because the traffic is really unpredictable, or when there is a huge mass of fans, they could hurt each other.
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her, but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity, he will get a huge pile of money for the photos?
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries, where their governments ban internet access for citizens. In other words, they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system.
So, this means we are getting less intimate and becoming more gossipy at the same time, as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites.
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction, but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them.
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo.
She was on her way to the court where Michael was practising when she heard guys talking.
Then our trainer, Nico, shows us a lot of tips and tricks.
This is an original and moving love story that has people who are against the relationship between the main characters.
Besides this, it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child might do to help people without being told the real truth.
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities, tourist attractions, environmental education, ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista.
Preserving, exploring the trails and beaches, encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city.
Nevertheless, travelling by car could pose a real threat to public transport because it is much more comfortable.
It will even get more popular because it will be faster, more modern, and cheaper than travelling by car.
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city. I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city, as well as some recommendations.
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes. You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected, but if you are a shopaholic, it will be worth it.
You will fall in love with them as they are pastel coloured.
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you, I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street, The Old Bag, where you can buy bags and other accessories, such as umbrellas, gloves and scarfs.
In addition, the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping.
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality.
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems, but not only this, it also shows some important values, like the importance of solidarity, group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams, even if the situation is withstands.
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so you need some time to prepare it.
The television of the future will be amazing, because it will have a 3D projector, which means that movies will look extremely realistic.
You can see, for example, tigers, lions, zebras, birds, penguins or horses.
If you were hungry, there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants.
In my opinion, sometimes stars 'behaviour is very surprising.
Film stars have very duties, for example, going to the parties organized by other people from show business.
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner. I have seen your life partner. She is so beautiful. You both have a perfect match.
First of all is traffic jams; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road. Besides, public transport is overcrowded in rush hours. Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty.
On the one hand, if you belong to a school, you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range.
Fourthly, I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard.
First and foremost, the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour, artwork and security issues.
The last but most important step is the inspection.
If the sheet is bad quality, it will be securely destroyed.
The "Di Roma restaurant" is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village, "Mono". It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food.
Public transport is not as valued as it should be although a lot of people use it every day.
It's a big country and doesn't have many inhabitants.
Most people go to high school and university.
In Sweden, we have a lot of different people from different cultures.
The problem is that there are a lot of Swedish people that are racists.
Not the majority, of course, but there are many racists.
That can be really painful for those who aren't from Sweden originally.
The first one is to study a lot of grammar lessons, and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking.
It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictitious hotel.
Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter, these situations become hilarious.
Its short stories have a funny and relaxed time.
First of all, the environment that belongs to both man and wildlife is going to lose balance in the ecosystem.
It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land.
As far as I'm concerned, it's critical for governments to take measures to reduce the problems.
Firstly, relevant laws and principles should be put in place to forbid extravagant expansion in the natural system.
In addition, supervision of the protecting steps needs to be undertaken by the government.
He still needs to find an ATM to withdraw some money to pay for his appointment.
SEAWEED: OUR FUTURE
Thanks to a crowd-funding campaign, we obtained the minimum funds to develop our innovate work.
Unfortunately, the process only works for twelve hours.
No matter where a famous person goes, he must realize that, next day, he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours.
Because, what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes?
We are all free people and everyone deserves to have his own life.
I wish to express my dissatisfaction with this course.
perhaps because there were too many people and also, the more people there are, the more space we need and the room was too small.
We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities.
The hotel would be luxurious but everybody could come because the prices would be low, so the hotel would be always full. I think that many people want to go to a luxurious hotel but they can't.
The hotel would have many services and facilities, like a good reception, spa, wifi connection and pay-per-view TV in the rooms, a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine, a swimming pool, a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea.
I would like to hear the point of view of tourists to improve the hotel.
One day a friend of mine was going to an amateur theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her; I am not fond of musicals, but I went.
The performance turned out to be enjoyable, with a lot of witty jokes.
After the show, I was introduced to one of the actors, who was my friend's cousin.
They can do nothing that can't be gossiped about.
Why don't we want to give people entertaining us a chance to be themselves and to have a real private life?
"I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins" said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends.
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours, furred for the confusion caused during the night, had called the police, who, without his knowledge, were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station.
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom. It's not much.
People have never taken into account that fact.
All in all, it seems that if such tiny changes are made, a huge help to save natural resources will be done.
The main attraction here is absolutely the beach.
It's a nice beach with white sand and blue water.
Perhaps I'll describe our journey by boat round the island.
Subject: Opinion on what young people are interested in
clothes, not too hippy, but something comfortable.
time, then I suggest some other style. It has to be comfortable but
I have experience of cooking and reception for parties/ functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children's school.
These was invaluable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for.
Also, I am available to work for long hours at weekends.
They do not want to learn so much because they just watch movies for fun.
It is said that the main objective of television is to entertain people and make their free time happier.
It can be really frustrating.
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson, who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people's lives more comfortable and better.
Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better.
It was an engagement ring!
In Mexico, a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company. I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my country. I know that you are someone who loves animals,
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you?
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently.
A good illustration of this would be children.
Mr Keffe, who lives with his wife in a housing commission home, is an old-age pensioner with no children.
Therefore, it would be greatly appreciated if you could organize a home visit and provide further assistance for this family.
We tried to contact as many family members as we could.
My city, Valencia, is a touristic city situated by the sea.
In addition, I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city, where you can do adventure sports, like canoeing, climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters, someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time.
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe, but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibility of escaping from one's current life by acquiring wealth.
Cohen's knowledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational.
Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams.
Taxi is the first possibility.
Famous people have always been surrounded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go.
Therefore, most of these famous people complain about this, but it is logical that all the media, television, radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them, because people are interested in them, in knowing what they are doing every second, in knowing who they are with, in knowing what they like or don't like, their hobbies, in short, in knowing everything about them.
In Italy there are few cities with an underground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses.
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increase of its use.
Overall, it is clear that the main causes of land degradation were deforestation and over-grazing.
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed, in Europe and Oceania, and, consequently, these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degraded.
On the other hand, Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% because of over-grazing, which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded.
For this reason, this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded, with only 5%.
If a person wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice but to trek.
We can travel by air using aircraft; aeroplane, helicopter etc.
So, whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport, either by sea, by air, by land or on foot.
At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checks.
When everybody had taken their photos, Emblem3 went backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it started.
Kitchens will be better equipped, maybe with smart appliances, and people who can't cook will prepare the meal by themselves.
He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopular.
Sooner or later, married people will get divorced.
In addition, public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment, such as Amsterdam or Tokyo, there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers.
lower.
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule. I have experience working shift days and weekends.
If you are looking for an enjoyable shopping day, Madrid is the best choice.
In Madrid, you can find clothes by the best designers, such as Carolina Herrera, Dior and so on...
But don't be afraid if your budget is quite limited, because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off.
Nowadays, people's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization.
Globalization started in the 20's, so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change. In my opinion, it is kind of good.
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time, because people don't want to face their real problems. Instead, they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones.
In the future, people will communicate via their computers, cellphones, and tablets, and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life.
Of course, there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now, and there will be some other gadgets.
To put it in a nutshell, we could say that our global world will be more electronic, and there will be more gadgets, but that won't change our lives dramatically.
However, others companies will dominate half of the projected market share in jeans next year.
They help me to develop and to see the world from a different perspective.
Many people think living in the countryside provides a better way of life.
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country. The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly.
Another handy rule has been introduced, which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center. In these, people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere.
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy, healthy life.
'Gravity' is an outstanding, brilliant, sci-fi film, directed by Alfonso Cuaron, starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock.
After a long sequence of events, the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS, then, with a Russian spacecraft, moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG.
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang, so she felt very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon.
The more excited she was, the more disappointment she had. Mimi caught sight of her lover kissing another young girl in his room.
As you know, in our country there's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable.
This is the main reason why our environment is being destroyed.
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly, such as, now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station. That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes, so I didn't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital. That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area.
For this reason, this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area, traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area. So, in my opinion, this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area.
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psychological difficulties; Pat's desire for his ex-wife cannot be fulfilled, while Tiffany cannot get over her guilt over her husband's death.
In these times, we can follow somebody's Twitter newsfeed, 'like' his Facebook fanpage and, of course, follow news about those famous people.
First of all, remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess (Spanish omelette, fried chicken breast, sandwiches, chips...) and, also, you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming, jumping the waves, surfing and so on.
Furthermore, going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy city life, too.
However, documentaries are being forgotten and only twenty-six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost.
In Spain, the vast majority of schools are state schools.
I am also a talented cook for kids. My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes, such as omelettes, spaghetti and more.
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners, who are a family whose husband went to war and died. So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas, an easily scared boy, his sister Anne, who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film, and their mother, who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism.
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession. However, what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie, but in its final scene, there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting.
I would recommend this film to anyone, even those who are easily scared, because it is not like the rest of the horror movies. It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character.
So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us.
Whether public transport might be the solution, or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it.
You do not have to wait for a specific time to catch the bus, for example.
However, a lot of people are becoming more and more conscientious about how important travelling by public transport is.
One of the most important reasons is precisely to take care of the environment.
I really liked working with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that technology.
Summing up, I prefer doing my shopping by means of websites or auction portals.
He's been doing great in both academic and extra-curricular activities in the school.
On the one hand, we could live in a more relaxed way; on the other hand, we could think about settling on other planets.
Then Sergio left Microsoft, created his own website which gave him enough money, and travelled wherever he wanted.
As you asked me, I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a wall because I want to connect with nature.
Though the modern cities are emerging rapidly, the problems caused by excessively exploiting the environment are severely various.
Thered coral reef off the coast of Australia, for instance, serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility.
Due to the massive construction of five-star hotels on beaches, the biological chain there is cut off and environmental variations are gone away.
On top of that, it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature, moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system.
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about, governments must take measures step by step to tackle them.
Apart from the natural areas, the minimal areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured.
In this place, there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entertain children of every age.
Not only because of oil prices, but also the costs of insurance, the car, the parking fees, etc.
In comparison with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come.
What about looking for colleges which offer Wi-fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch?
We have subjective opinions; we normally judge because we have a preconceived idea.
For example, in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public, it is better to wear a formal or smart style.
Overall, my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should.
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required, people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear, and it should not have consequences in our lives.
In countries like Mexico, some people have the opportunity to use Uber, which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card. It is an amazing service, but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber, so people have to use public transportation, no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly. In Mexico, the public transportation, in particular the cabs, are not a very secure services, because some of the drivers steal and kidnap, in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions. But despite this, it is very sad that in that place people cannot do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more, so they have to take public transport.
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, we were very sincere and close to each other, more than these virtual friendships prevailing today.
I have already experienced one friendship through an organization, International Youth Service IYS, a charitable association established for youth friendship.
The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions. He will be the same for you.
Despite the bad weather, if you travelled by car, you could park your car near your destination, so that you could arrive comfortably.
I think that I'm good for this job, because I really socialize with children.
Well, the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine, so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax, so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day, so it is the one I like most.
I think there are things you need to plan because it's important for your life, but it depends on the situation, because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen, so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything. But if it's something related to my future or something that will really affect me, I prefer to plan it, like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that.
David is always ready for a joke, but amazingly, he has the ability to appear serious.
I don't like to travel by boat, because it's uncomfortable and it takes ages till you arrive at your destination.
Cordoba is a thee hour train ride south of Madrid, and attracts visitors from all over the world
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Mecca.
For a job, i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz, Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach, because at the same time as you are on the beach, you could earn money.
Among my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly, positive and talkative woman.
When he was little, he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter was following in the footsteps of his mom.
Every day, scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live, so that we are able to pollute the planet less.
It sounds a little bit strange, but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes, we live a much greener life. Undoubtedly, there will be some changes but, because we know why we are doing it, there would be no problems.
We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain, an amazing castle or a typical market in a town.
The film is about this CIA assassin who can't remember his past, but he knows he's being chased by the agency.
It was so exciting and funny listening to all those musicians, because some of them actually didn't have the skills to play and didn't have the charm needed to warm up the people.
I've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids. In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because, if you are underage, parents should take responsibility for you, so it is better to be over 18.
To be honest, I'm not the best cook ever, but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs, pasta and meat.
One of my characteristics is that I'm a very precise person. For example, I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer, and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything, hopefully, ends well.
I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psychology this year and I am available to work from July to September.
As for languages, I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English.
Furthermore, if I were you, I would go with joining a health club.
You will not feel self-confident and happy, but your outward appearance will be better.
I arrived extremely exhausted, because I couldn't sleep the night before.
All day I was lying on the beach, talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them.
I'm Catholic. I believe in God, but I'm not very friendly with the Vatican's rules.
Travelling by car is so much more convenient if we think about small places such as villages or small towns.
If you consider the chaotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people's health and people's finances, I'm sure you'll change your mind about public transport.
On the other hand, it is possible to find hybrid cars, but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and, for that reason, this kind of car is not people's first choice.
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars, the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport.
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for--- laughter, romance, and tragedies.
We would buy next, impractical high-heel shoes, which will spend a couple of years in the wardrobe.
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping, is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets, and they could rob us.
Interestingly, the purchase price of "Carde" and "KD" is almost the same.
However, "Sebu" leads with a purchase price of $ 1,000.
Whereas "Carda" and "Sebu" score with warranty expenses of under $ 150.
As a long term investment, I would choose the "Sebus" model even though its purchase price is very high.
Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a picnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax.
After natural areas, such as farmland, forest and wetland, are destroyed on a large scale, there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit.
The building land is supposed to be their home.
It will save lots of plants and animals. It will save the environment, so it will save you and me.
She had a feeling that her birthday wouldn't be ordinary.
Firstly, just after she went into school, they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes.
Eventually, they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexpected.
In my opinion, I recommend you to stop going to sports classes, because I think music classes are better, because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that.
Ever since a curse was put upon Ailee's grandmother, the girl has been living a daunting life.
Max was so anxious to see all the different kinds of wildlife.
Halfway through the trip, Max heard a weird noise close by and he decided to see what was going on, but before he knew it, he was all alone.
Max could not have been happier. "
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton (yoga of Thai hermits), learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand, and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga-Correct Approach to Spine school, the way of exercising I found the safest, the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded.
She was a foreign student in Palmira, in the north of Syria.
Then Stefan's daughter, Aurora, goes to live with three fairies.
The three fairies lead a prince, Philp, to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love.
After that Aurora doesn't wake up.
Subject: Application.
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday's Daily News. I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience.
To begin with, evidently, technological progress has noticeably enhanced quality of individuals 'lives, contributing to the economic growth of numerous nations.
one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014.
! If, (one day) I have the possibility to do it, I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began.
I mean the timetable punctuality, time interval until the next bus and so on.
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader in the chemical sector.
Try to be spontaneous and not too sliced.
Do not talk too much, as it is a symptom of anxiety.
I worked on that team more than ten years ago (new employee recruitment) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression.
I also teach children at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it.
"Carne Enchipoclada" you need to choose the meat (pork tenderloin, beef steak or deer meat) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chille chipotle with potatoes cambray. "
As a matter of fact, viewers are not able to decide the script, but they can still decide to switch the television off.
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of "Best place to work in 2013", and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year.
According to the CDC, the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States.
This means that in the past three decades, obesity has more than doubled in children, same that had diseases just like diabetes, asthma, cardiovascular risk factors, mental health disorders and musculoskeletal problems.
I have little cousins and sisters so I'm very good with kids. I've experienced all kinds of situations, so I think they won't be a problem for me.
As I said before, I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entertained.
I'm also very good at sports. I practise track& field and ping pong, so sports aren't a problem either.
I'm an outdoors person, so I will be very happy with the accommodation. I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application.
The cards included the programme of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world.
I did everything by myself because everyone had something to do on their own.
I've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it.
Many people today have pets of all kinds.
First of all, a pet is a friend for the family and, much better, is a member of the family.
One more advantage of owning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and caring.
On the other hand, there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities.
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercise outside and not to be always in an apartment.
I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town, and that is terrible.
In my opinion, it might seem good to have a pet if we take care of it.
All in all, owning a pet in a big city must be done carefully, ensuring all that the pet needs.
In the class, you should take notes and write down what is important. If you have any questions, then you should ask teachers to help.
I really do hope you get used to the neighborhood.
Nevertheless, I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well, I still got confused.
Nowadays, people are aware of environmental problems and they will try to figure out solutions.
Moreover, there will be important technological advances in our lives, like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day-to-day tasks.
Nevertheless, people try to save money by every conceivable means.
You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine, from sausages with choucrut to Gullash with spatzle.
Most of the paintings and photos are from Germany, because that town was occupied by German people many years ago.
Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university, but do we really know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entails?
It is also said that at the time of heading to college, those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before.
Many automobile companies are working for a new future of automobiles.
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positive effects with it.
At the moment, people who have got a handicap cannot drive a car by themselves.
In contrast, self driving cars are very expensive and many people cannot buy one.
Buses are the main transport in my area.
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage, taxis may be the best option.
Conclusion
The majority of users are young or elderly, since they aren't old enough or they are too old to drive.
This is happening now, and we are not even fully developed in technology.
So, I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer deeply through the songs which are on this amazing CD.
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport, because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and, nowadays, a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment, and refuse to use the car every day.
There are a lot of benefits to public transport. First, you don't have to drive yourself, you can listen to music, read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic. It is true, too, that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it, and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone.
However, so many people love having their own vehicle, a car, a bike, a motto, because this give you other kind of freedom, you chose the way, you chose the time, you chose the way in you drive it, the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you don't have to take a bus, for example, crowded with people, you can go alone in your car, or with whoever you want, but the important thing is that you choose.
In conclusion, we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons, but in my opinion, the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way.
Guys should not go snowboarding.
Most people eat scrambled eggs and drink a cup of tea.
As usual, I'm on a diet, so I prefer only yoghurt.
In recent years, people's attitude has been changing.
However, public transport has been criticised more and more in recent years because of its inconvenience.
Therefore, buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to.
In the end, the public transport service needs to change to attract more people and to have a brighter future.
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment.
And there is a big university community involved in recycling.
However, Granada cannot be considered as cycle-friendly. There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size.
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment.
When the weather is good enough, close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and entertainments.
That day was a terrible day for Michael. He woke up and felt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party.
He did not answer at all, besides, he hit the chair near her, and unfortunately, that chair hit her in a serious way.
I think that many google users will be happy if the developers bring more useful information to the main page, for example, weather information, currency rates or hot news.
Moreover, google map service needs some improvements, such as street names, map accuracy and more city panoramas.
In my opinion, a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German-owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years.
It contains a little museum which is open for tours.
There you could buy some souvenirs-glasses, bottles, T- shirts, cups and, of course, beer!
They serve all meals in small portions, and they suggest that the servings can be shared, so everybody can try more items from the menu.
As a result of this, many people are trying new options, like car sharing.
I'm a teenager and nowadays I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something.
In the past, technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer.
Here we have some of them: anemia/ anemia; rickets and malnutrition
The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire.
Its true attractiveness, in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art, is also its location, which is unique.
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer, I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance, which is celebrated in Genelalife's gardens, where you can enjoy amazing artists and orchestras in an unrivalled setting.
After that, the printing process comes into play.
The most significant procedure is called inspection, which means manual checking by special machines and staff, and then they are classified into 3 different categories, including good quality sheets, partially damaged sheets, and bad sheets.
Namely, Design, Preparation of metal plates, Printing, Inspection, Packaging and Distribution and Disposal.
process is inspection, where the printed sheets are
If they are not very good, we can destroy them securely. However, a few sheets may be partially damaged. That doesn't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets.
Remember when in school you learned the three essential things for living; reproduction, nutrition and interaction?
Well, humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement.
I might not have the typical sportswoman body type, but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement.
My favourite sport is tennis. Although it is not the only one I practise, it is the one I most like to play.
Apart from obviously having fun and socialising, the way you feel after running and burning feels really good.
Therefore, in the future, I will keep improving those abilities and become a more organized person.
If you want to start practising this sport, you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport.
Let me introduce myself. I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infrastructure company called Acciona.
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my country and I am also extremely flattered.
It's one of the most beautiful castles, in my opinion, and it represents the most important thing this country is known for, and that is Dracula.
He was actually one of the rulers of this country and his real name was Vlad Tepes.
And if you want to have some fun too, there are some festivals that you might enjoy.
The biggest one in the country is in the city where I live, so you'll have a place to stay, and for free.
I hope my advice was useful and I look forward to seeing you next year.
For three years, I babysat my neighbor's two daughters.
There have been rumors of the construction of a Metro in our town.
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of public transport in developed countries.
Modern megalopolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles.
At the beginning of the 7th century, Cceres was conquered by the Arabs.
At the end of the 14th century, Cceres was conquered by the Romans.
Therefore, it is a multicultural and multiracial society.
The center of the historical city is the Big Square. There are mixed Arabs and Roman buildings, and two cathedrals.
My favourite restaurant is Chinese.
In Caceres we can eat Chinese food at Food House.
I love swimming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful, you will feel well after thirty minutes in a pool.
Actually, this sport is very healthy, so some doctors are recommending this type of sport.
Afterwards, I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union.
Secondly, I am going to inform you about how our citizens are trying to keep the area clean.
-There are cleaning campaigns twice a year.
-Last year there was a campaign to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village.
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our village.
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separately.
For a very long time I've been doing my best to separate rubbish, and then, it was a really bright summer morning, I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish...
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago, as soon as I passed the exam, I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more, both written and spoken.
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike, there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one.
It makes my every journey unpleasant and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight.
But this mode of transport isn't so comfortable, especially when we must travel onshore; then it's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river, the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks.
In general, the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled.
The workers are very kind and sympathetic and enjoy teaching.
Disadvantages
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide, making the earth warmer.
Floods, droughts, and famines. All of these have great effects on humans and animals. For instance, the loss of property, the disappearance of people, which is not good for the development of human beings.
Finally, governments should use the space properly, for example, making plans before building buildings, estimating the effects on humans and animals.
I think I could be the right person for this job. I'm really patient and I really love to be with kids, play with them and take care of them. I always have fun with them.
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks.
However, acquaintances of hers, the students at the University, comforted her.
Surprisingly, when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too, so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it.
Personally, what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it, it also happens when I am watching it, especially during the World Cup.
Curiously, there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport, so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch, because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries, but keeps you active to keep the level of your game.
It is a majestic castle conveniently located on the river.
First of all, they are supposed to be designed with great care and many considerations, such as the background colour, artwork and security issues, all of which are crucial for bank notes.
Next, it will come to the most important step, inspection.
The next step is the most important and it involves inspection, which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process.
One of the measures that we, as world citizens, can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others.
This is causing diseases and allergies that are affecting the citizens.
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly, but even so, we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution.
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving through cities.
Some of these have the same aims.
Taking public transport can efficiently reduce the emission of carbon dioxide and will help the earth to recover from those disorders.
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statement that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient.
It is important when we work or study in international areas.
I think that there are not many disadvantages of learning another language.
Also, I found some books on the internet with Cambridge's exams.
The Forbidden City, one of the most famous museums in China, has opened its online version to the public, which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time-consuming flight to Beijing where the museum locates.
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France, but when I went to France to see the real painting, I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were.
Admittedly, a museum has its own merits; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country.
A documentary, a book about the culture is cheap and easy. We can consider it an economical method.
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknown country, a museum is not a wise option.
Machines can tell us lots of important information.
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are like in the American films but they are very uncomfortable.
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena, which is a Caribbean and tropical city.
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service.
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter, and then he can work abroad after finishing military service (August 2015).
In terms of protecting the environment, taking public transport may cut down the carbon emissions.
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions.
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses. Perhaps we will be living under water?
Many buildings, like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground, and that is not extraordinary, but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun?
The marketing department also gave me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook.
In my opinion, the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career.
The last point that has changed people's lives is the tendency to have the same thoughts or the same goods.
Yes, they will, and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not "supreme" and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world.
To my mind, the beauty of music does not depend on its varieties.
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes: mountains, beaches, lakes, and you can enjoy adventure activities, for example, trekking routes, climbing, bungee jumping, surfing... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go.
However, I recommend travelling to Extremadura in spring or autumn because in summer it is too hot.
In Extremadura, you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfrage National Park or Tajo-International Natural Park.
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags, bottles that end up floating in the sea because humans don't take care of their environment, and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die.
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes.
There seems to be nothing better, nothing more interesting, exhilarating, breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport.
It's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries, so it's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor!
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market, which very often catch our eye, but I definitely want to warn you against them!
The "Mariahilferstrae" is the perfect place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls.
Especially on a rainy afternoon, the "Donauzentrum" and "G3" are the perfect way to spend your day.
I'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross, so I'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events.
We don't have to think too much about almost anything, needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation.
I'm really glad to know about your future plans. I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures.
I worked in the OIL MINISTRY's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field.
Just do not order the pancakes, because they do really bad pancakes.
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle.
Their novels have a lot in common: first of all, the plot is usually pretty complex (as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte), and so are the characters, who are always well described, especially on a psychological level. Furthermore, both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class.
If they want to use it, they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge.
Nowadays, it's common to think that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport, but it's not true at all.
As for the pollution, it could be reduced if people used public transport; it is well-known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car.
They can't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi.
Sometimes, famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make-up appear on the Internet.
As a result of this, many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record.
You certainly will learn to fail and win, but the most important thing that you will learn is never give up.
It usually starts with small talk or compliments, as at school I was taught that expressing appreciation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationship.
Now the question under discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages.
It's not a secret that gas, insurance and repairs are costly.
Safety issues are also very important.
It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirty cars with a single person inside.
Moreover, cities 'authorities encourage the development of public transport because it creates employment, lessens the impact on the environment and contributes to road safety.
He knew that Peter was a little bit irresponsible, but he thought that the arrangement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong.
But there's something in her big bright eyes, circled with long brown eyelashes and freckles, that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing gaze.
Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from minuscule to vast has made adverts all-pervasive.
Local people were invited and a talent competition was held.
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP-Logical Programming Teaching Group, that, with the local city hall of Araraquara, aims to transform the city into a national technology, research and software producing center, accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and algorithms to kids, diminishing future evasion in many exact science courses.
It was awful.
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next, but I wasn't ready to make that decision back then, so with the agreement of my parents, I decided to take a gap-year.
I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually terrified me.
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a decision about what I want to do next year. I am going to study at the university.
Even though they are well known, they have a right to have free time and they should be able to spend it however they want to, without anyone disturbing them.
The idea of the sublime that Wordsworth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime: forms of nature that inspire feelings of awe, danger or weakness.
There is also a food court on the third floor, catering to all sorts of customers, as well as a few restaurants on the first and second floors.
Another shopping option is the main street in the centre of Via del Mar, which used to be more popular in the past, but which was displaced by the shopping centres.
I've always liked to play with kids and do fun activities with them.
Away from busy and noisy roads, the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houses and shops in light colours and with old-fashioned roofs.
Travelling across the Atlantic Ocean, for example, requires an airplane or a ship.
Fortunately,
Hundreds gather there, parking spaces are full, again facing long queues in stores-no matter how unpleasant it sounds, it is the reality nowadays.
Afterwards, some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home, it causes more tension and destroys your mood!
On the other hand, the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions, without any rush, they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes, best quality garments, stylish items.
On the other hand, searching for your favourite brands, non-seasonal products, some special goods, just looking through shelves, trying the garments on, asking for advice, testing products, there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase.
Fortunately, this unavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore, as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home.
As a shy person, I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interaction.
I am at home in my lovely house, where I love every detail of the interior, where everything is in its place.
My kids are proud to have parents like me and my husband.
Friends, colleagues, family all those people who were next to me on my way to this wonderful day.
Much shorter than their fellow tennis players, they have always been able to compensate for their physical shortcomings with an extremely good technique accompanied by a strong head.
You must never surrender: until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground, you have to keep fighting, regardless of the score.
Nonetheless, it helps to shape your own personality.
She is regretful because their relationship got worse and it wasn't what she supposed it could be.
With this in mind, money would be spent on constructing a running track where no-one would have to worry about traffic or obstacles in their way.
Conclusion
The lecturer's second argument involves capturing and destroying the toads using volunteers.
One of the main advantages of cultural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability.
My study plan is to undertake a pre-university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas.
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students.
Trash distribution, using green products that respect the ozone layer, not wasting water and many other actions.
For example, we can take at least one family member with us.
When it seemed impossible to catch him, a girl, who was crossing the street in a wheelchair, crashed into the thief and he fell down on the pavement.
DIY Classes
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms, without their parents, they are obliged to fix malfunctions by themselves.
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match, since its flexible rules, no-coach system, intensified relationship between the player and the crowd, and reduced number of participants widen and complicate its field of possible actions.
But still, our customs have evolved a lot.
Due to the geographical conditions where Japan is located in the Pacific Ocean, people here have adapted to eating raw fish and like to offer it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants.
Successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express ourselves precisely and interpret the information accurately.
They are courteous and industrious.
And then everything had crashed.
Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instead to what she was saying...
Her voice was weak and feeble as she said ".. and I was really depressed, you know, and then I thought... we always talked about going to India... and I thought... maybe we could fix everything.. so.. I'm just asking.. will you go to India with me?"
In the case of politicians, I don't mind what they do on their holidays, for example, if they work properly when they should.
I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens, so I think we (as citizens) have the right to know everything they do if we want.
I had to take care of other volunteers.
Dealing with other people is the hardest part, especially when they're the same age as you.
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside, a car is irreplaceable for families with children or animals.
She used to live in a flat, so she had never discovered how different and beautiful the world was.
Therefore, one should not waste time watching them.
In these cases, TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment.
If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time, I recommend you to watch "Now you see me".
So if you enjoy magic tricks, surprises, very handsome actors and splendid actresses, why would you miss it?
But, let's face it, doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers, being kidnapped by aliens or singing a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga.
We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Germany.
To help with this issue, the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable, and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation, helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster (Snowball, 2012).
Also, I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sights, to feel the culture and speak to nice people!
If you prefer shopping outside, taking a trip to King Street would be the thing to do.
If you want typical souvenirs, you can go to Buckingham Palace, you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonable price.
I have a high level of spoken English, as I have been learning it since early childhood.
Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with sterile seeds, encourage non-sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era.
In many cases, volunteers are crucial to helping support life, as when meals are delivered to housebound people.
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my revenues started growing.
It turned out that they sent my work to a few institutes and one of them was interested in me.
When you use a technique or defend against a technique, you control your body's movement and coordinate them to work at the same time.
I thoroughly enjoyed the lesson and, according to student feedback, so did they.
I suggest visiting the Vatican, as I said at the beginning; the country inside the city.
On the one hand, I have been learning English for so long that my good proficiency has given me the chance to get a position in an international team.
On the other hand, I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months, because I was curious to learn the official language of the countries where friends and relatives are living.
The writer lets us observe the fear, anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam, a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation, sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he doesn't know anything about claims to be his wife.
In Korea, we have many kinds of work which are related to English, so you can get a job easily.
If you get the internship, you can work as a real businessman.
Sheets in the second group then get separated into good ones, which, together with good quality sheets, enter a process of packaging and distribution where separate notes are cut and finally enter the market, and bad ones, which go to disposal with bad quality sheets, where both groups get securely destroyed.
First of all, let me tell you the advantages.
She nodded and made another effort to look around.
The other person wasn't convinced, however.
"He made sure his voice was heard on the streets, to reaffirm his social position.
The couple nodded and showed the ID of the man from the other city.
The receptionist nodded and conducted both to the main hall.
It is in these moments that I give it my all and realize that all the practice I had really paid off.
I am a cheerful, energetic and hardworking person, and I am also a very responsible person, able to deal with small and medium groups of children, and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the position advertised.
First of all, in this film you don't see a gangster Al Pacino. It's about a retired army colonel who suffers from loneliness and depression.
There is a great public transport system.
He used to dream about him coming into his bedroom, laughing out loud, showing off his sharp teeth, threatening him with the most horrible punishments.
Secondly, public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus, thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment.
Without the routine that studying gives you, with all the deadlines, the exams, and other stuff that force you to get things done, and, as a consequence, teach you to be a responsible person, which you will need to be when you get a job, you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break.
One thing that I've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to, due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason, otherwise you will be, I repeat, just wasting time, time that you could be spending in a useful way, by getting something done, or improving yourself academically, intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life.
I like to believe that, like the old Latin proverb says (and I have already said this), there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships on his path.
I hope you don't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddy.
I am writing in reply to your advertisement published in the local newspaper for the vacancy of Junior Chef.
Moreover, I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me with not only practical but also theoretical knowledge.
Furthermore, I always try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur.
I have fond memories from my childhood. She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or difficult times, even when she was not feeling well.
Dancing requires a lot of things, like coordination, flexibility, and physical fitness, just to mention a few.
This can range from the rules your parents have set for you, to the laws created by the government.
And, of course, to add an extra activity to my CV as I usually do every summer.
I must say that not all of them are very easy to work with.
However, I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedom, you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way.
It is known, that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour, and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere, but an interest in someone's private life, when the person doesn't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing.
If there is any problem with the cash register (very common, actually), you have a phone number under it of a good technician.
He was following an important European summit on environmental issues.
Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people's lives and their surroundings.
-access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car; though initially it might look like a huge investment of money from the community, in the long term it shows itself to be the most efficient way to travel!
This kind of action, when performed collectively, requires coordination of efforts and an ability to work together, two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world.
If you play football, you know how to act when in a team.
Also, football is a physical game.
In times of escalators and cars, it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement, velocity and strength.
In fact, it can be argued that the human virtues are a by-product of conflicts and fights; that they are those character traits that we acknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition, be it for a trophy or for a country.
In a club, you will find professional advice and also as many people as are necessary for a match.
My name is Aly Meeuws. I am 16 years old. I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future, so this would definitely be a great experience for me, especially for my English and being away from home.
Besides that, I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home, so working in the kitchens would not be a problem at all.
Finally, it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technology.
Namen and Kinnison (2012) indicates that "the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include (1) creation of an online identity, (2) establishment of relationships between users, and (3) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes".
On the other hand, on Facebook, people can share pictures, videos and thoughts without restrictions.
Furthermore, some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects, and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication.
For example, while women think about millions of things like what they want to do or have to do during the day, men just do not think about anything and can be like that for hours, just with a blank mind.
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man's mind, and depending on her, he is going to be a sexist or not, he is going to help and be an honorable man or not, he is going to be a good and caring father or not, he is going to be a responsible human being or not.
Women do not know their importance for the future in their own homes.
I found this movie both exciting and emotional. Both thumbs up for me!
We regularly organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film.
For example, with every film seen, our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions, particularly as we always have discussions around a subject related to the film.
Also, our monthly speakers are excellent. For example, last year we invited a well-known actress, Janet Hewitt, to share some of her experience on Broadway.
Unfortunately, organising these kinds of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough.
Being founded in 1920 by our well-known alumnus, John Carter, the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college.
The fact that everyone from the community can participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community.
We hope you will be able to take all this into account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us.
It was a hot summer's day, everyone was walking to their usual destination; work, school, to buy some groceries, pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners. Everyone except Peter.
In her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael's new shirt when he bumped into her.
One second later, Michael was covered in coffee, burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was winking until it finally turned off with a dying flash.
In this article a teacher reflects on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English.
The most effective way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end.
Some learners will not want a speaking part. You could even ask them to be promoters.
Also, they can see how much language they can produce.
Regarding my academic experience, I am currently completing my degree in Primary Teaching and Psychology at the University of Valencia, Spain, where my current speciality is misbehavioral children.
So far, I have received excellent grades in all subjects, and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester.
Enclosed you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates.
It was from the most dangerous and terrifying gang in the village.
That was the first crime I committed and here I am now, in jail.
If you like animals, you'll enjoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can.
However, I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsibly, according to one's personal needs.
Before the trip started, the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was impossible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft.
When you are sitting in the plane next to your instructor, with your legs hanging and your arms crossed It makes an indescribable impression on you.
And obviously, you shouldn't be afraid of heights to enjoy skydiving fully.
My colleagues are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them.
Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfunctional.
In these cases, journalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more.
During this period, the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities, and the modernisation of leisure facilities.
She was walking around the city thinking about the job she just got.
Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed doing before the accident took place.
This is an easy word to understand, but it hides more than the definition says.
I have 5 years of experience of managing, PR/ marketing communications for leading brand named companies: "Barbie", "The Children's World", "My Toys". In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys.
These images became the subject of Feurer's eponymous book, lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs, illustrating his five-decade-long career.
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted last week in our school.
Improvements to socialising opportunities
Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedule of activities: job, children, housework, fun, free time...
By the time he arrived at the riverbank, some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch.
I remember the warmth of twilight, which lures you to the heart of this town.
I remember children, running about the small squares in front of the cathedrals; elderly people in wheelchairs...
Nevertheless, when you are learning a language, it brings confusion.
As a consequence, he had no money to pay for a sod, so he was thirsty all morning.
Tom was getting really anxious, worrying that he would never make it back to his job. At 2pm, the flight arrived.
Also, in Red Square one can see the Mausoleum, which is can also be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country.
A curious fact is that, out of the five most popular sports in the world, only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that's exactly what sets it apart from the others.
While watching or playing any kind of sport, there's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time until the clock runs out, the game becomes dull and boring and you can't enjoy the excitement that only the up-tempo style of play can provide.
The bottom line is; a fast-paced game is a much more exciting experience for players and viewers than a slow paced one and that makes the "shot clock" fundamental to the dynamics of the game.
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desirable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations, and the combination of the two is the only way to success. So if you want to be a good player, you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and survey the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you.
The "10,000-hours rule" is said to have a scientific basis, in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that established it.
A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland, especially to try to save thousands of Jewish children.
But now, they have told the whole world about it, some of them are now considered as heroes in Israel for what they did during those hard times.
As the population grows exponentially, the resources fail to do the same.
The hard truth is that until someone has to face the situation himself, it's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wasting energy, food, materials, water...
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay. You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful country.
Kyiv is a good destination for shopaholics.
The best manufacturers of clothes, linen, accessories have their shops there. Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby.
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impress with interesting design ideas and unique styles.
Even though their relationship was of the quarrelling type, everyone around them, friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair were as solid as a rock, and despite the ups and downs, love had always won in the end.
First of all, the biggest problem is that the world's resources are extremely unequal.
Secondly, with the increasing of the earth's population, the areas of farmland are also decreasing.
People in economically developed areas are in pursuit of the perfect life and the people in undeveloped areas are starving.
Grandma's wrinkled face can be horrifying at night.
After an hour Mindy was holding her baby- girl and Peter was trying to realize what had just happened.
This kind of transport is regarded as a convenient way to travel.
However, I disagree with this idea.
On the one hand, it is environmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars.
Although I rarely watch the show on TV, I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring news so vivid and interesting through short video clips, pictures and their choice of words.
They had all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful, old-fashioned dresses.
Its historical importance lies in the fact that this place represents the fall of the Muslim kingdom in my country.
After a few drinks, I told him that I'm currently looking for a job, nothing big, just a couple of hours during weekends to make some money for my journey to the Netherlands.
It's literally 10-15 hours on Friday nights and Saturdays, stuff like carrying instruments (which means hanging out with musicians), tidying after (finding things, like wallets and cellphones) and, generally speaking,-helping.
I'm a chemist, I can't kill people because I want to.
However, their whole lives will be turned upside down when an eligible bachelor and his friends set up home in a nearby mansion.
Friendship is overall an act of will.
Friendship is a type of love which is characterized by being unconditional, reciprocal, and ready to forgive each other.
Since ancient times, public transport has existed, and it suffered numerous assassination attempts. In China, for example, the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport (at that time, chariots) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against the Mongol's dictatorship on it; the situation was reversed in an early socialist regime when, in 1960, Mao considered personal cars an instrument of oppression and symbol of devilish capitalism.
Convenience has little to do with the fate of public transport. Countries with high HDI (convenience to be drivers), like Germany and England, are those with better public transport systems, and they are even boosting them.
Hi! My name is Alexia, I am twenty-three years old and I live in Argentina.
As I have already said, I play sports, and that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities.
I learned how to cook when I was eight, so I am pretty confident and well prepared.
Bad sheets and bank notes will be securely destroyed.
My goal, I decided then, was to become a pilot when I grew up.
My mom has a kindergarten and I love helping her out.
Every summer I help on my mom's summer camp, but it's a summer camp for babies and I would like to work with older children, because I think it's more challenging. I would love to work at any place across the US.
I am very good at artistic things, such as, drawing, painting, cooking, dancing and a lot of other things.
My cousin, who is studying English Literature, told me that you have much more freedom when you start university, so don't worry!
Language itself also becomes vitally important: the boy s 'speech is peppered with made-up words that highlight the isolation.
There must be something very special about a movie when, after the third time, you're still leaving the cinema thinking "I have to see it again".
Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini (who also wrote and directed the movie) in the main role of Guido, this life-affirming tragi-comedy is about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of Nazism in the Italy of Mussolini.
To achieve this, Guido creates an imaginary game for his child once they are deported to a concentration camp.
The strength of the movie relies on the goofy, loving, eccentric character played by Begnini, his exceptional comic talent and his ability as a director to deal with such a delicate topic as Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line between comedy and drama.
Honestly, I could not agree more, as the website as it is available today is an inconvenient tool providing insufficient information.
If you haven't been yet, you should definitely do it. I promise you will love it!
But most teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or elderly people.
Sometimes it happens that a couple who have a child aged from 12-16, quarrels.
Teenagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school, future job, which way they will goin their life, if they want to be in a relationship with someone.
Thirdly, I do not have to be concerned about the loss of quality of photographs and pictures.
When we thought that the night had ended, we had the perfect dessert.
One of Slovenia's qualified sommeliers will help you choose from the good wine cellar, so this is the place where I recommend our class can relax, eat, drink well& enjoy the happy atmosphere.
For example, in India and China the technological advances have enabled them to mass produce really affordable cars, which are also imported.
After eating a delicious salad and drinking tea, she went to her room to do her hair and put her make-up on.
Lancaster is situated close to the Irish Sea and just around the corner you will find the stunning Lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks.
If you leave the main roads and turn into the little alleys, you will find charming tea rooms and gorgeous antique shops with a wide range of antique goods.
I did that for three summers and I still help out at my parents 'restaurant when a they are in need of a hand.
from her outer appearance, she seems like a little girl.
Talking about her outer appearance, one can easily see that Scout is not "the usual" girl.
Instead of celebrating it, she somehow inhibits Scout's learning.
The most important ones are probably hotpots: mashed potatoes and vegetables, often combined with smoked sausage.
In today's intercultural world, one of the best assets people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from their own.
However, it is probably a truism that reading about or watching films about a country are only pale substitutes for actually going to visit a place and experiencing the differences yourself.
The article "Stairways to Heaven: Gothic Architecture, Heavy Metal, and the Aesthetics of Transcendence" is an unparalleled one in terms of the discussion it provokes.
I competed in singing competitions when I was younger and I took acting classes.
And finally, the moment was there, the opening night.
I put on my costume and walked on stage. I had to wait until the curtains opened.
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills, and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable.
Kachl's Park is a perfect place to spend some time walking along paths, sitting on a bench, talking to each other.
Security against terrorist attacks was promised to be stepped up, but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras.
If you have strong nerves, do your window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zrich.
Usually he was energetic, full of confidence, ready to party.
He was not stupid, but you could not expect any pearls of wisdom from him.
However, all the people in his neighbourhood feared him because of his past.
In this way, he moved to his new neighbourhood where everybody respected him.
Although he had been trying to hide this, his personal problems were obvious and Magda didn't feel happy with him.
This means you can set the time you want to leave, because you do not have to respect a specific timetable.
This way you will have the chance to have a more relaxing journey through the countryside, traffic will not be so intense and aggressive, and finally, you can plan the time you want to arrive, using a GPS or other technology to help you plan your journey.
To sum up, travelling by public transport can be advantageous when you travel inside a town, but when you have to travel outside your specific territory, nothing is better than a car.
You can tell because everybody looks at her like she is some crazy murdering kid.
If I have to, I search the web for information and implement it but it requires time.
His name is John, and like me he is doing a degree in Physics Engineering in the hope that someday he can work at a research center, such as CERNE, conveniently located a few miles away from his house.
But getting used to the Internet's rules of communication, they might find it difficult to face up to reality, and make friends in the real world.
Using messages, people forget to use grammar or even form full sentences.
There is also a building which can be considered an interactive museum.
In a very interesting way you can find out something about the history of Siemianowice and about mines.
One day I dreamt that I was a millionaire. I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful city, maybe in a city like Seville.
I enjoy participating in debates.
If you would like to take my application further, then I would be pleased to hear from you.
All in all, I think this would be the best restaurant for our class to go to, since it's close to the school, it has good prices and a friendly ambience.
You only live once and wasting such a great possibility is unthinkable.
We are slowly but inexorably loosing readiness to solve problems, unless we can surf the Internet, so that even a single day without technology would turn out to be a nightmare.
In my view, we should all reconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives.
In addition, my knowledge acquired by managing a bar and a certificate in hygienic food handling will guarantee a clean environment in your bar.
Now we are going to evaluate the main characteristics and differences between a pellet stove and a pellet boiler.
As mentioned above, the heat is necessary to warm up the air that, thanks to the fan, will be blown out to the room in order to warm up the external ambient (e.g. room, bathroom, kitchen...).
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove. The difference is that, instead of a fan, here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house, so it needs a pump to do that instead of just a fan (the purpose of a fan and a pump is the same: move fluid from a point A to a point B, but in one case, you have to move air and in the second case, water (they have a different density: water has 1000 times the density of air).
Then with TVs, information started to spread faster and faster until our contemporary instantaneous reports from across the world in the palm of our hands.
Sometimes, it seems we have reached the pinnacle of existence.
I'm sure the pharaohs of Egypt felt that way when they gazed at the Pyramids.
Firstly, online learning conveys flexibility in its schedule.
Students can attend courses when they decide, but always respecting due dates.
Consequently, both learning options have their positive and negative aspects.
Public transport is always going to be slower, less flexible and much less convenient, but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet.
These people believe that over the next few years we will see a severe decline in the number of people using buses, trains, trams, etc. to get to places.
In my opinion, this is disappointing for a number of reasons.
Imagine going to work on a rainy day: you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag, the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt on your stilettos while you are making your way to a bus stop.
He walked up to her room, where she was comfortably sleeping in her bed.
When I was in school I used to go to my grandparents 'home to have lunch because my parents were at work. I fondly remember my grandma's great cooking skills that she still has to this day.
By the time my high school years were done, and when I attended university, I developed a certain predilection for typical healthy Spanish food, unavoidably combined with less fast food due to the usual dinners with friends.
The cost of the waste disposal service depends only on the volume of non-recyclable waste produced.
There are also public containers for glass and clothes all around the village.
Michael had a chemistry test the next day, but he wasn't in the mood to study and so he decided to call Alex, his best friend:
-Sounds great.
Michael grabbed his coat and crept out of his house in order not to wake up his parents.
He remembered that he still hadn't studied for his chemistry test.
If we think about it, the car is better because we don't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground, but on the other hand, cars cost more money than public transport.
In a car, we can just be by ourselves, which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we don't need to be around people that are unknown, but if we choose public transport, we can meet friends or family, so both modes of transport are good, and cars don't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport.
But, even if it's true that it's the fastest option, you must be very careful when it's time to get off a plane.
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation, obviously, you have to take a boat.
There isn't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window, enjoying the route that you are taking and, the best part, the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days.
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable. I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer.
As I didn't find anything, I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about. So as I continued to go to his house, I noticed he would always go to the same house, s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl. She might be his girlfriend, so I finally got an idea. I would drive him crazy just as he did me. That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him. But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united, so I decided to drive them both crazy, almost to the brink of death, just as he did with me!
I screamed. My anger had dominated my mind. I didn't have any control over my actions. I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do, but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge. The best revenge.
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible, and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater. I had made a decision and I was going to do it. If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy, the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I won't stop until I have accomplished my goal.
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology.
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children.
I always smile at people.
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day.
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and, with low budget private cars in the picture, the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years.
At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day.
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport: "You must believe in yourself".
Hallo my friend,
You regret that you weren't there with me. I'll try to describe everything precisely, because I know that you very
It was a long time ago, but, I still keep the rhythm in my body!
Around the city, you can find many places where people throw fridges, ovens, "amianto", old things or furniture.
I remember, when I celebrated my 15th birthday, only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party. I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life.
I'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly.
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam, and it's very difficult.
Technology has changed people's lives a lot. In fact, we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents 'or our grandparents' lives. For example, my parents didn't watch TV, because there wasn't any TV in the world when they were young. But that isn't the only difference: we can think about the mobile phone, the computer and finally the internet. Our grandparents couldn't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives.
So the best way for them to travel is public transport.
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life.
In conclusion, investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably. Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future can't be replaced.
Are you free at the weekend? Have you got any plans?
If you are interested, meet me at 8 o 'clock near the cinema entrance.
Jason is my friend, he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend.
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen, he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now-so in his eyes, he learned how (not) to act in that case.
Apart from educational content, there is so much bad content, business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens won't be able to tell right from wrong.
First of all, you need to be able to afford to buy it. After that, you must pay for the insurance, road tax, and mechanic's bills, and so on.
On the other hand, with public transport, you only have to pay for the ticket, you don't have to drive, and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down, it isn't your responsibility.
The next day, Huck went to Tom's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill, so the two boys considered like an adventure.
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices, so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking.
So he went back to Sarah's house and cleaned the whole bathroom, but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that, so before Michael entered the bathroom she said: "I know what you left there" and Michael went running to the bathroom.
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand.
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and, before the operation, he came with me and, every day, I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair. I hated that!
I have a dog and its name's Chente. It is a golden retriever.
Also, I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis. He is twenty years old, his personality is dynamic and funny.
My mom and my dad are good people.
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people. We are searching for someone who can impress everyone, also someone who can give the customers good attention and service.
It is easier than you think.
Every Sunday, we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves.
Meanwhile, we recycle inorganic rubbish too.
First, I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future, because people want privacy as well as freedom, which is quite impossible on public transportation.
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation. As a consequence, generally, people avoid travelling by public transportation. Finally, I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government. As a result of this, the consumer gets more benefits, like lower fairs, privacy, freedom and safe travelling. In addition, many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices, which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles.
Usually there are generational problems; sons don't understand parents and vice versa, but by talking and listening to emotions and facts, everyone can have another point of view.
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay!
In my opinion, it's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports.
He took the money the next day, he finished the registration and started writing the story. After spending a long time writing and doing a good job, he went to give his story to the international student magazine office. He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled. He came back very sad and told me what had happened. Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake.
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot.
In my opinion, the police should stop the vandalism.
What they will doin future they see as in a fog.
Secondly, such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres.
Also, they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work.
This year-long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education.
I believe that there is no future for public transport, using trains is more convenient and less expensive, so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer, people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment. Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport. This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport.
Because if we are Chinese, why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language?
Woolypools is a specialist of meal, it's a meal restaurant.
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations, a lot of agricultural land, forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks.
To start with, there are a wide range of problems it may lead to.
Additionally, people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs, which will destroy the ecosystem, diversity and biodiversity, especially the endangered species.
In light of the problems mentioned above, there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem. First of all, reducing building construction from now on, and planting more trees instead.
Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals.
To sum up, this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse, and the governments have to take the responsibility for that.
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted, so when I heard about that opportunity, I said yes.
I want to say something about learning the English language. It is hard for me for the following reasons:
First reason: the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language, my native language.
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish, so just imagine the same but not in your native language.
Second reason: in English syntax, the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences, the verb is written before the subject, but not always. What is the rule?
I can recommend you to my uncle's company to get a job.
In view of my age, evening activities are not a problem for me, and I have played many sports during my life, such as soccer, volleyball,...
To sum up, I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient.
Even if it happens, there are many people who can't get a car, because it is too expensive, not only to buy, but for fuel, service and so forth.
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives, it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants.
Alongside its development, the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another.
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism, as well as to the idea of globalisation, since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country, but a global citizen.
There are countries, such as Greece or Bulgaria, in which the economy relies completely on tourism.
If tourism influences the economy, it thereby influences the environment, and if it influences the environment, it influences transport. How? people become more careful at their historical sites, thereby preserving them. Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale.
On a small scale, in cities, in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently.
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition, although in my city there aren't a lot of competitions of this kind. If I had the possibility of going, I'd already buy the tickets.
At the beginning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski.
My father took me between his knees, because I could ski without falling over and it was fun.
I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it.
I enjoy snowboarding, because you feel free when you are going down the piste.
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect.
No future for a public transport? Is this claim true or not?
I think that it all depends on the development.
Yes, I agree, if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car, because, firstly, you'll spend less time, your journey will be comfortable, you'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time, as you need to.
But if we are talking about travelling across your city, would you prefer public transport or car?
I think that this is the question for everyone, and there can't be one answer for all, because one person can use public transport, and save in this way not only money, but the environment, but some people don't like to use p.t. because they spend more time travelling or they simply don't like to travel with other people.
guide people and give them information, details and guidelines about pollution.
I'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant. It's name is "Lemon". I go there every week. It has different food to other restaurants. I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce. It's an excellent choice for me. And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like "Vadge" cake with chocolate sauce. I feel at ease when I go there. I enjoy classical music while having lunch. About the service: it's very good and all the staff are respectable. I can't imagine one week without going there. That would drive me nuts. I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there. Also, this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really. It's excellent. The striking thing for anyone, is that despite all of these advantages, the prices are not expensive.
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team, I am in another world in which I can be free and happy. Apart from this, when I am feeling bad, this is a distraction from university.
You should try playing, it's such fun, but I warn you, it is not easy at first, but you have to try many times like you should doin life.
On weekdays, I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work, which starts at 9 AM.
In the newspaper, he read an interesting notice.
The notice was about a competition.
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story.
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you.
I felt like a star! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs, but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them.
Advertising is everywhere.
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way.
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he hadn't achieved anything.
As our town is well-known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels, many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal.
Well, the airport is located just outside Reus. It's small but it has a lot of services and transport.
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club, besides its good points, I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems.
Designing the bank notes is the first and indispensable step.
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues.
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets, people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes.
If the partially damaged sheets are bad, they will be treated as bad sheets, which will be securely destroyed.
Everything began a few years ago, when Alfred, the Mayor, read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people.
You probably won't believe me, but I met all the members of Dem band. I talked to them and we had lunch together. They're very nice men. Because of helping them, I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record. I didn't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant.
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films.
In addition, I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance.
Although I am a young girl, I think I am a qualified person for the post.
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old. I consider myself quite patient and fun. In my opinion, they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job.
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular, and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries, it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future.
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies.
In New York I ate so much. I also went to the city that never sleeps: Manhattan.
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family.
In conclusion, I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things, visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square, received a lot of presents and, especially, ate a lot of delicious food.
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico, I would give two important pieces of advice; first, try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour.
In this way, visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country.
Also, this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life, because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays, travel, special occasions, etc.
What if you don't have any of those requirements?
Then you know hockey is the answer.
Nevertheless, it is never enough, because dog owners are mostly to blame.
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle.
They occupy too many seats, including priority seats.
Moreover, some old people might take this considerate action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners!
I have also worked with large and small teams in back-offices, managed many administrative activities related to mortgages, personal loans, contability and investments.
We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere.
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today.
Second, for finding a good job opportunity, the business exchange is increasing at the international level. If you speak a foreign language, certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary.
Dear Sir or Madam,
On the one hand, holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life.
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love, helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts.
I have worked in an Easter camp too, and I have already organised a lot of activities, like "rappel", paintball...
What an unforgettable day!
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight. It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients, because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections.
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time.
Regarding advertising, technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising.
It will suit me sometimes, and it will even be useful, but I'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive.
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens, no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are.
But, technology is here for better or worse, and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can.
I'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok.
If I had this house, I would decorate it in a modern style.
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment, where and with who, to watch this or that television program.
Actually, students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university, because they don't have time to cook food. For these reasons, I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home-made food, and a good idea for the main course is: baked potatoes, steamed vegetables and, for dessert, apple cake.
They are incredibly delicious.
She was eighteen years old, she had to be independent.
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand. '' Bell, why don't you play with me anymore? Are you bored of me? Just because I have only one eye? But you removed the other one.
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence, '' Why did you leave me that way? ''
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and others.
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football, is that you have to be ready to receive some punches.
On one hand, becoming a public figure is associated with journalists, mass-media, flashes.
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society, which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary.
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals.
When I worked as an educator, I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities.
The same with my parents; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health.
Concerning video-games, I agree with scientists that think it helps children's brains to develop, but it is important to supervise them, because there are a lot of violent games.
DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
Doing exercise is an important thing to doin a healthy and happy life. While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body.
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends, you can stay fit, but you also need some skills because it's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field.
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids.
So, as you can see, I agree with the statement that famous people, who are recognizable, deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them.
Once per week on Wednesday, rubbish is collected.
That is a very good idea, because that rubbish undergoes recycling.
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden.
Marginalization has a link with the illegality of this activity.
I am writing to apply for the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your website.
I speak English, German and Polish and as a counsellor that is very handy.
I am hardworking, reliable and well-organised and I can take control of difficult situations. I am talented when it comes to entertaining people, which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor.
I'm seventeen years old and I'm an electronics student from Italy, in the north.
Recently, I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world, so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries.
Mar Azul Restaurant, in the north of Mexico City, was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitour.
After her 18th birthday, Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away.
After finding the adoption papers, she contacted the adoption agency.
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of "her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant".
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen.
For instance, if my goal was to increase young people's awareness, some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings.
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional, experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide.
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting, as well as develop the communication, organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school.
In conclusion, I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate, whilst at the same time, contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one.
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes, many more are just as interesting and beneficial.
For example, things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons, such as not having enough money or not getting a job.
In addition, we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment, so I am able to be a member of your highly-skilled staff.
Since I was 13 years old, I have helped my parents with bringing up my four younger siblings.
I have a friendly, happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments.
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when, across the river, they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What's that? ", Max said aloud.
It's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer, and they have different ways of thinking about life and death.
This movie touched me very deeply, it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciating the really important things.
It is a cyclical process.
Rome had its heyday in the first century AD, but just three centuries later, it was only a shadow of its past.
One day in the future, another Franz Ferdinand could be killed, and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another, but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times.
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War, a Third, hypothetical war, could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already.
During the next centuries it was expanded, and in the 16th century, finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style, which has remained unchanged until today-the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard.
During the tour, the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments, as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world-famous tapestries of the Polish kings 'collection.
Everybody say it's the best period in our whole life; what they don't remember is that it can also be the worst.
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents: every time we discover something new or we say something, they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas.
As I said, adolescents can be very confused and if there's one thing that gets under our skin, it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite.
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of; the type of love that doesn't let us fall asleep at night.
Travelling by car is also much more convenient.
In conclusion we can say that, from the standpoint of doctors and nurses, working abroad is a much better deal.
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people. The new boxers could be even more at risk.
There are all sorts of proposals; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn, ban punches to the head, headguards worn, or make fights shorter, as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds. These would all show off the boxers 'skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch.
However, such a rebellion cannot be seen clearly in each minority work, and, therefore, the products of ethnic American literature cannot be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression.
Emphasis changes with each work, and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple, other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters 'responsive action which the previously mentioned works show.
This again implies that these ethnic American pieces of literature cannot be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression, but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences.
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for some good.
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged.
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe.
In fact, in political, economic and defence terms, I feel this reallocation of resources can and will be very positive.
Whilst, to a certain extent, I may be guilty of having an island mentality, I wouldn't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg.
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process.
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers, the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage.
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance.
These superpowers were economically, militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states.
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe.
To remedy this, the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses, with mixed reception.
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic.
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport; i.e. the railways.
People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas.
Then people would be more likely to catch the train, as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk, wait for a bus or pay for an expensive taxi ride.
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services. This would get people off the roads and onto the trains.
To improve the rail service, trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times, i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six.
The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap, i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car.
The basic dilemma facing the UK's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population.
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport, thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods.
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere, damaging the ozone layer, creating smog and forming acid rain. Torturing the Earth we are living on.
To illustrate my point, if every time you took a train, it stopped for 2 hours on the track, everyone would stop taking it.
The most likely answer lies in 2 areas. Firstly, the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner.
I am by far and away no 'greeny' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup. However, I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today.
Do we, the western world (5% of the population of the world), have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental cost?
Just because we cannot be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport.
That could have disastrous implications.
The 2nd reason, is the problem that the public transport service, for example rail, is declining so much; there is no train to catch in the morning.
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies, profit motivated.
The vital, small rail links may now be closed, whereas previously they where subsidised to make up the loss. Now the private companies cannot afford to do this, so many will close, cutting off small towns and villages.
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it, and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves. If we make the effort to use public transport, it will expand into a good service. Unfortunately, the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea.
Although it may sound cruel, I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks.
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the 'sport' safer: having ringside doctors, banning bare hand fights, but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage.
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport, and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion.
The family, who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport, would be leading the protests against boxing.
This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future.
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive, especially with the introduction of scratch cards.
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets, only to be disappointed.
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes. The rest is tax the prize fund, profits, and the so-called charities.
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions, i.e. highly unlikely.
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high. Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruined their life, alienating them from friends and family.
In conclusion, I think that the lottery should be retained, but not in its present form. I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds, and the prize fund shared between more people: it is better to give fourteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person.
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to a more deserving 'charity'.
The most obvious example of this is the calculator, an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations.
The world watched in anticipation. We were mesmerized by the images of the TV, expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it. I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school: "Have you heard?", "I can't believe it!", "After all this time!", "I never thought it would happen.
Bolstered by the Germans 'success, the people of Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well. Now, three years later, communism as we once knew it no longer exists.
The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and, not only that, it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again.
Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone, a car used to run someone over, or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate.
Normally, more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy.
There are people who are against this, saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube, as they believe life starts from the moment of conception.
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles, for example.
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e.
People in our modern times are now able to have liver, heart and even lung transplants. There are many complications but many are successful.
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed, and the baby is then inserted back into the mother.
The foetus is left to grow and develop naturally.
This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children.
As the foetus begins its life in a test tube, and the sperm is selected, this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected.
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSE.
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming the animal.
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism, although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSE.
Although British farmers have learned to diversify, dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain.
People throughout the United Kingdom were, doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalopathy, or BSE.
For beef to be reprieved or condemned, we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked, and, more importantly, whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former.
This claim has devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness.
As you can imagine, this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants, where beefburgers are the main item on the menu.
The answer to this question lies in one's feelings about Democracy.
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century, Women's Liberation has been met with adamant, and often obstinate opposition.
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists, made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild, disgruntled zealots and was, therefore, detrimental to the good of society.
Like many other aspects and movements in life, they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded.
However, throughout the years, television has lost much of its integrity; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education.
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties.
Though it has probably been around for a while, it s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently, and it s consequences have been devastating.
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world, because it always leads to death and there is no cure.
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations, the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever-circulating Chief Executive command post from the air.
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally-occurring antibiotics through synthesis.
In part, it has created The Information Age, as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled.
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first-hand information from the network, such as impeachments, coups d'etat or civil wars.
40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers.
Unfortunately, the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible.
The waters of the culinary seas had been calm and consistent for centuries.
Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change.
However, with the dawn of the twentieth century, a storm brewed.
In an age where time is the scarcest commodity, our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen.
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century.
Every morning I listen for the weather forecast and dress accordingly.
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be.
People are more mobile, can work more, and buy more things, but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV. In America, this growing individualistic society, one no longer sees the relative humanness between people, instead one sees the differences, the unlucky, the unsuccessful, and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort.
There was a group of scholars in France, l'Academie Franaise, that set guidelines for French literature.
According to l'Academie Franaise, all literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics, including sex, violence, church, and state issues.
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys, and of the Baron who bathed with the Muslim and was punished for his homosexual act.
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Muslim, he receives 100 lashes for his sin.
He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman's father being the Pope.
Desegregation reduced some prejudice, but it still exists.
This is based on equity theory.
The opposite of love, beauty, intelligence, light, joy, life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference.
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through, we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity.
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference.
That's why I'm very excited to teach students English!!!
I don't understand why so many people are into this stuff. Anyway, I decided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by/ following my own style/ doing it my way.
I attended Japanese tea ceremony lessons one day a week for three years, before I came here to Japan.
I wanted to study more.
It was kindergarten level.
The roses grew and their flowerpots are now too small for them.
Well, I'm into the Ray Charles song ``Hit the Road Jack`` recently.
Strange Japanese Customs?
One example is drinking alcohol outside. Most countries it appears, doesn't allow drinking outside.
It is very convenient that it's cordless.
Today's class is the same class which I wasn't able to teach because of CHOTA MAJI.
And I fall in love with the Library in our school!!!
I went to a balloon lecture as an assistant at ``OMOCHA OUKOKU``.
My mother committed suicide when I was only one year old and since my father worked in a town far, far away, I was raised by my Grandma.
Because of its particle size, which is less than 100 nm, the nanoparticle has mechanically, physically, chemically, and electronically different properties than that of bulk materials.
Japanese marriage system
The bride and groom simply go toa registryoffice andcomplete the marriage application form, which has the bride's, the groom's, and two witness's signatures.
No picture IDs are required to complete the marriage application form.
Somebody else can go there instead of the couple.
Because of the system, problems sometimes arise.
When a couple go to the city office tocomplete their marriage form, they sometimes find out that one of them (or both of them) is already married to someone else.
At that time, he was just interested in this class but had no awareness of the importance.
It's a kind of a hot-water bottle, but there are cherry seeds in the bag.
So I bought two, one for my feet and the other for my neck and shoulders.
This is my first post in English.
He joked ``Please buy meat for me when you visit me. Especially chicken for Dak Galbi.``
By the way, a Typhoon is coming soon and maybe a lot of students think, ``Whoa, I can rest a day and hope the typhoon stays in Taiwan.
I would like to write a letter to my English teacher, so I want you to correct my English.
I drove alone. I'm not afraid of driving anymore.
Next time back home will in many month later, I really don't want to go back to school in a broken-hearten state, but I can't do nothing!
I am writing the diary and doing many other things. I check my e-mail and read my Hi-5friend's comments to me. Hi 5 is like Facebook in English. I think It is very famous in Thailand, and I chat with my university friend there. We talked about the job she has. I do not have a job at the moment because I left Bangkok.
She lives with her family. I know her because she went to Bangkok to study.
I was so humiliated because of our accent during my childhood that I tried to modify it.
Because it was a gift from my ancestor.
Yesterday I rode from our main campus to the medical college.
I took part in a job interview this morning, but after the HR kept asking me questions for about 30 minutes, she told me that maybe the position didn't fit me well for me because I don't have the SQL skills required.
I'm looking forward to waiting for what Apple will make in the future.
But I want to continue studying English every day.
Today I felt very happy, because my class was very funny.
I also have to shovel the snow around my house, my parking space and my office...
I just started this SNS.
Spring is coming!
Today is a holiday.
If you had stood next to the sliding door of the room hearing what was being talked inside, you might have heard intermittent laughing sounds made by a female, and monotonous, enthusiastic talks by a male, which might have given you an impression; the atmosphere was not too bad, or too good either.
We haven't had a lifetime employment system since the late 80's.
Instead, I've witnessed powerful harassment like ``You're incompetent!``, or, ``We don't afford to pay people like you,`` in order to force them into early retirement.
Luckily, I have a job and a dependable income.
And yesterday, I ate dinner, but I ate two hamburgers late at night..
I have not drank alcohol in a couple days.
But now most Japanese buy it at the supermarket and department store.
Because there once lived so many people in a family, and the mother and grandmother made many dishes for their children and guests, however, (nowadays) there are many nuclear families in Japan and guests are few.
When I listen to this music, in particular Marc Anthony, I become one with the melody and I feel really free and every thing around me disappears and I feel only the heartbeat of my heart that follows the rhythm of the music.
A Little Hesitant and Nervous
Now what can I do for people in MIYAGI??
I went to Chibi Canada to prepare for the zombi Walk.
I practiced making a zombi face.
I think I'm good at mimicking zombies.
All of the animals I saw in Mongolia seemed comfortable.
Right now, my favorite song of her's is ``If I were a boy``
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada. We were all together to watch Teresa's last episode, hoping that she would end up homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our surprise she didn't.
I watched a DVD ``Who killed the electric car?``; this is a documentary film that deals with the history of the electric car, mainly focusing on The General Motors EVI.
7 students participated in it and they were great ^ ^ Some students didn't memorize their script enough not to look it but still I thought they put in a lot of effort.
I've studied English in Canada since this month!
Mainly, Japanese teacher taught English grammar, accents and various words.
Another boring week is awaiting me.
I don't think they should mention such details about the flight!
Tonight, I will stay inside; I won't go out.
For that, I am studying English for many years, but not many..
I would like to speak and write more natively..
Public service personnel is a part of the conscription system.
We have to study English now, or we won't pass an important test in three years.
Also, there is going to be a Japanese school visiting our school.
There will be eight Japanese students in each class.
And we will teach Taiwanese history about Japan's aggression towards Taiwan.
We have a lot of activies planned for when the Japanese students come.
before she had gone, she did not say some thing before as give me anything as usaul, she did it because she sundently had gone.
He couldn't sing but he could hum and dance and and play the guiter.
But when I tried to go there yesterday, it was difficult to drive my car because I had to meet a friend who lives in Seoul.
I'm a pitcher and 5th hitter
Our game started at12: 00, and I was so nervous.
My baseball career is shorter than anyone's, but I have good physical abilities like fast feet, strong shoulders, and an endurance for pain.
The famous rapper known by the Japanese.
The reason Eminem is known by Japanese people, is because he was an actor in the movie, 8 Mile.
There are many rap music artists, but there is only one Eminem.
Introduce myself
dreadfully spicy...
But I don't understand English grammar.
I could not explain ``a certain probability`` in English when I talk to my friends.
So I want to explain it here.
The probability represents how many people are watching (a) particular program (s) in each area.
I take German and I study various countries 'cultures.
So it is very expensive.
I like listening to music, like every type, especially jazz, rock, and some nice soft music, some times I listen to death metal too.
and also do some reading, which r written by ppl who r not famous but special....
This is because I'd love to visitTAIWAN.
Itried to study Mandarin when I was in junior high school.
Chinese-characters are used in Mandarin and Japanese, so I thought learning Mandarin would be a lot easier than learning any other languages.
However, Mandarin has four accents in one sound (I can't explain it clearly in English, try to understand!).
I participated in a web developer's event last Saturday.
But, in a foreign country, does the person who has a birthday treat the guests?
By the way, my Japanese friend in France had dinner at his friend's Taiwanese wedding party.
This temporary job ends on the end of this month.
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamiliar place.
So I had my boss buy some vegetables for me.
After I received them last night, I kept them in the refrigerator.
:) I would like try this website out, but I don't know how to use it.
It's an important professional cycling race.
Thanks for your help for improving this passage.
I'm not sure how to tip at restaurant because I've just moved to America and my mother country, Japan, doesn't have such a custom.
If I do 3, should I write the tip on the bill?
I went to the shopping mall because my daughter wanted to go.
When I tried to buy the ticket for the film, I was recommended by a clerk to watch the 3D version, but I heard from my friends that some people tend to feel sick while watching 3D films.
Especially the last scene of the film, the battle between Harry and Voldemort was impressive!
We're going to move to another building next week so today all my coworkers and I were packing a lot of stuff.
I lived with my parents and my elder sister who is now married and raising her son and daughter with her husband.
and I'm learning Japanese tea ceremony once in week.
Some people wear kimono often or everyday (for example, people who are obsessed with Japanese culture, who study/ teach tea ceremony, Japanese etiquette or Japanese flower arrangement...
However, many apanese don't own their own kimono; instead they use a service to rent kimono when needed.
We don't do tea ceremony in daily life except when our families or ourselves are familiar with it.
when I study tea ceremony, I become eager to learn good handwriting, languages, behaviour, and flower arrangement.
When I studied martial arts, I became eager to learn behaviour.
As a beginner, you need to have every skill at a beginner's level.
If you progress to the intermediate level in one genre, you need to have skills which are better than a beginner's in other genres as well.
I will try writing about these things I learned.
The Tengu's bodies were like a human being's, but he had wings and could fly, so we adopted it as a character and our squadron's good angel of flight.
Actually, each squadron's yearly flight time is assigned by our headquarters.
I mean, we were too busy both mentally and physically to take time for others.
To solve these problems, I should relax a bit.
I got a serious headache this morning sitting in my cubical, so I took a half day off from 1pm.
I was very busy in April because of recruiting
Even if I try to find a language exchange partner, they will think I'm boring and bothersome girl.
I usually get on a/ the train from Zushi station, it's in next town.
I don't need money, or anything else for that matter, but simply to hear from you about my party. I think you will be satisfied!
various kinds of vegetables that are pickled in a sakekasu, which has a slightly strong sake flavor.
I asked her to promise me to eat breakfast before going to the school.
His exhibition is held this year in KYOTO.
Now, I'm growing some scallions, turnips, and lettuces.
I felt the climate in Japan has been getting warmer and warmer over the last several years.
I will try to looking for a pair of cute sandals tomorrow.
I picked up my husband this morning.
Yes, I'm thin-skinned.
When I watched a TV program and I learned about the store.
I cannot be here in Kyoto until April because of my job.
I realize now how easy the languages we learn are forgotten.
I'm always surprised by those who keep their journals in foreign languages.
I envy them.
The recent consecutive holidays, which lasted for ten days, are now over.
By putting daily events into text, I also aim to review each day and make the next day better.
It takes (about) 30 minutes from here to Tokyo.
I like spicy foods such as the Korean dish, Kimchi.
It increases one's metabolism.
In Japan, a sad incident occurred.
I will eat at a restaurant in the department store.
Incidentally, I enrolled in a temporary employment agency.
Although we always have dinner with her, this is the first time I've invited her on a formal outing.
My favourite movie is ``Back to the future``.
To do so, I have to work harder on doing rehab.
Trains run every 2 minutes following timetable and if a train is late for more than 5 minutes, we can get a refund.
There are chain restaurant whose prices of foods aren't that different from Macdonald's.
but I prefer Chinese.
Fortunately, it is easier for Japanese to learn Chinese characters because we use them in our language.
It tasted yummy because it was free.
I forgot to bring a toothbrush.
I have been feeling frustrated to see talented people who cannot express their opinions due to English skill limitations.
Can you explain thisto me?
Will this phrase, ``th,`` keep going?
My nephew is coming to my home.
It was the book I had borrowed once but failed to finish reading because the due date was up.
I would like to celebrate the new year in Bangkok though.
this movie is really famous in Thailand.
The man who running on the elephant is a really good boxing expert who did not use a stunt-man...
The stationery which is used for erasing pencil writing is called an 'eraser' in America, and 'rubber' in England, right?
I ate ayummy bar of chocolate.
Write your five items in the comments, if it isn't difficult for you. =)
Canadian Dollar shaped chocolate!
Therefore, I go to Kyoto several times a year with my family.
I've decided...
The table shows the percentages of water pollution due to four major pollutants in four cities (Taipei, San Paulo, Tokyo and New York) in 2003.
Aside fromthem, Tokyoreported ``pesticides`` as the worst waterpollutantwith 31% whereas theamountwas much smaller in Sao Paulo and New York with only 9% and 6% respectively.
Tokyo also showed a higher percentage for ``Erosion`` with 23% as well as ``Domestic Sewage`` and ``Phosphates in detergents``, which was larger than that of the other cities.
At some points I laughed, and at others I cried.
Snow around here is very rare.
My English level of conversation is ibetter than my writing, but I need to practice a little more.
I don't mind if your Spanish level of conversation is not very good. I think that together we can improve our abilities
Does it furthermore mean that you ``make them sad`` or ``hurt their feelings``?
It `s my first time on this website, and I don` t know how to use it properly yet, but I hope that I will meet new friends, and that they will help me.
I would like to speak English fluently, but I do not have any friends who speak English, so I have been learning English for several years, and still my knowledge is not enough!!!!
I often go out to coffee shops.
Usually I go to ``Tully's coffee shops and
my favorite coffee is always ``Today's Coffe``.
Of course, I have a cup of delicious coffee when I go to there,
but my real reason for going is not only to drink coffee.
to my surprise, when I arrived at his house, I found it to be very clean.
Something I like but something I don't like (also).
Umm, sorry, I'm being negative today, aren't I?
Hello everyone I am back.
It said I should follow the sentences from newspaper or book.
and then read it again after finished writing.
I wonder what clothes are suitable for guests.
I heard that Americans give presents from a wish-list; is it true?
The customer was so delighted that he advised the old woman to change the name of the shop from 'Kakegawa-local power rice cakes' to simply 'Cat rice cakes' for the sake of prosperous business.
I'd like to communicate with (those) people who speak English to study.
I'm going to go to COSTCO.
What do you recommend?
After bathing, he always took his teeth out of his mouth.
What singers do you like from Japan?
I started studying EngIish today.
I'm not sure if it works but I would really appreciate it if native speakers could point out which words I don't pronounce well.
The recent boom or topic of my works is ``Our company will take the customer experience to the next level with digital``.
But now is the time to use IT for developing a close relationship between our stores and customers.
I cooked curry with a pressure cooker last night.
I usually push the reset button each time I boot my PC.
One layer was a cream cheese layer which was heavy, and the other was a strawberry layer which was sweet-and-sour.
You have to know how stubborn your little daughter can be!!!
The teacher told me that my daughter is not good at remembering the multiplication of 3X8 and 2X6.
My head was bumped onto the floor really hard so I feel a bit wheezy.
My daughter is one year and three months old.
In the afternoon, I did my laundry, baked muffins, and studied for the test which I wrote about in this diary yesterday.
I'm going to go to bed earlier today, and wake up at 4: 30 as usual tomorrow, preparing for the begining of the next week.
I think I can keep a good rhythm for my lifestyle this way.
I like drawing with a ballpoint pen.
When I was a child, I used ballpoint pens for drawing.
So the ballpoint pen is useful for me.
Suddenly I felt it was something strange, she looked like she was ill.
But I really enjoyed this race.
But as I have been exposed to a lot of kinds of English on the net,
I really surprised when I heard my alarm clock.
I didn't go out except for when I went food shopping.
UNIQLO is a brand name, and it's corporation's real name is The FAST RETAILING, established in Ube city, Yamaguchi prefecture, in the western area of Japan.
After that, I could meet him at around 7: 00pm.
Every time I drink beer or some alcohol, I always feel like going to Karaoke!
My Wacom Graphire3 tablet (computer drawing tool)
so I'm learning English because I'd like to watch movies without subtitles.
I love rock-n-roll:)
But I love bossa nova too:D
I often hear that many girls have no sense of direction.
We have similar pespectives on many things and I found that he's so funny and smart.
Summer is coming soon, so I need to lose weight in a short time.
Summer... I love it, but I do not love fat!!!
It was worth climbing all the way up there, it had a beautiful view.
I especially love ramen, ice cream, tempura, and so on.
It has been/ will be a tough month at the university, but there is nothing I can about it.
I enjoyed playing soccer.
In the new millennium, with scientific technology becoming increasingly advanced and the disparity between the wealthy and the poor increasing, some individuals link the gap to technology.
An empirical point of view, I was really hard pressed to believe how the technology spectrum lead to the wealth gap; since it goes without saying that scientific technology decreases the disparity between the wealthy and the poor.
It is widely acknowledged that the cell phone, as one of the most significant inventions in twenty century, transformed individuals 'lifestyles making them highly efficient and convienient, especially for the poor.
I guess I need much more vocabulary and a large amount of reading.
Aaahhh I can't believe it, spring is coming soon:D. Of course, it's still snowing, it's windy and the temperature is-3 degrees (Celsius).. but the birds are singing, the sun is shining and everyone's smiling.
I liked to see them suck sap we fed and occasionally fight head to head over sap or females in the plastic case at night as they are usually nocturnal.
just wanted make fun of that because I'm tired of studying this language
yea I know this lonely diary can also help my studying
According to a newspaper article I read recently, people with higher salaries produce higher quality goods than those who have lower salaries.
This is my first note in lang-8, also is my first time. I am learning English now, but I feel a little sad. It's hard to struggle with what I want to say day after day, and I don't know how I can do better.
Moreover, I am afraid to disappoint others rather than I myself.
However, it is difficult to keep my tension calm when she seems not to hear me, or does the same mistakes again.
The sheep was finally found by the shepherd and felt relieved.
I am Buddhist, but unfortunately the temples generally don't give this kind of service periodically for small children.
It will lead to the increasing of enthusiastic Buddhists in the future.
Seriously, it is super expensive!
I lack of physical activity.
When I used to use an iPod Nano, the battery would be drained really quickly.
without running out of battery!
My friend told me it was not a copy but a homage.
KAWASHIMA will be traded to another team in the Premier League?
I `ve heard that West Bromwich Albion FC in the Premier League offered him to play with their team.
so I will buy the book, Eclipse's original version.
Even though it is still late June, the air temperature became 31 degrees celcius in Tokyo today.
It is still hot and humid, but I have to go to a clinic to take a prescription for medical insurance.
My duty still continues, when I finish talking to him, I have to go to a motor bike shop to renew my bike insurance.
I emailed him this morning about tomorrow's plans.
It's needed to live abroad or you work in company which need to speak English. ``
Sometimes people in foreign countries don't understand them.
Tiger Woods has fourteen girlfriends.
I apologized with my friend but she seemed to hate paying for it.
I negotiated with my friend so I can pay for the meals next time.
I think it's tasty?
I hope to make friends with you!
I talk to my parents on Skype every Sunday night.
Skype is very useful, because we can see each other's faces.
For I live in kansai area, my family and I are all right naturally.
I'm not surprised because the March disaster in Japan was broadcasted all over the world.
And my friend taught me about it.
However, vigorous pictures and unforgettably vivid sound would be engraved in their minds.
Stimulating the subconscious may help your memory.
Today I had lunch with my colleague. We had a Nepalese curry.
If you look for the city on a map, you'll find out that it is situated in Ural mountains.
Some tourists are very disappointed by this fact.
No idea:) But it is situated exactly on the watershed dividing line of the Ural mountains. If you go there, you can stand with one foot in Europe, with the other in Asia, or with both feet in Asia and your head in Europe if you want:)))) (You can see in the first photo)
And, when I got a mail from him, my heart ached... (I was) nervous.
In only four days I will be back home, and I will begin my summer vacation. I have made a plan for this vacation: I want to join my cousin's company and work for him for free.
Therefore, companies should contribute to remedy the environment as much as possible.
Now that environment problems such as global warming and air pollution are among the most discussed issues worldwide, people tend to have much more interest in the protection of the environment.
Further more, it has even become a trend for the stock investors to buy stock off the companies that contribute most to the environment.
If I speak English, I would like to visit many countries!
In fact Naples is famous for its pizza;D
Thomas Jefferson was born in Shadwell, Virginia.
In these acres, he built his residence, called ``Monticello``.
He was continental delegate of Congress, Governor of Virginia, state secretary, vice-president and president.
Are the idioms and slang which are in these books still used in the world?
If not, how can I learn new idioms and slang?
I just went (over) to Yokohama where my uncle and his family live.
Trimming is important because it is easy for bacteria to grow the surface of the raw beef.
As a result, his restaurant caused food poisoning and killed four people.
However, she often fussed a few weeks ago because of many reasons, the reasons were simple though.
It seemed that she released them by accident.
The doctor diagnosed that she suffered from a hemorrhoid.
So, I speak English at school, but I usually speak Swahili in my village, because most of my neighbors who are in the family of my coworkers cannot speak English.
My coworkers and students know English, but others do not.)
So, I have received/ gotten a lot of chocolate as a birthday present.
I like chocolate but not this day!!
I hope study abroad, and work overseas.
Though I like to read, I am not really good at English literacy.
Today we had a violin class.
My arm was getting tired from holding the violin.
Tomorrow is the concert (sort of).
We're playing the violin at the school library.
My brother's girl friend is Taiwanese.
I am about to study English for a really long time.
I will study English hard.
Yesterday, I went to Yoyogi park, which is located in center of Tokyo, and saw cherry blossoms.
Even though our military corporation is a good place to live,
Anyway I will ask him to read it because the examination is really important.
Have a good weekend.
Tomato sauce
I made tomato sauce today.
(I am or I'm) going to go to a Taiwanese restaurant for lunch with a coworker,
The reason is clear,
I `ve been to a Go-kon party when I went to the college, but people say there is something different between a student` s party and an office worker `s.
I went to Utah, US 2 years ago to study English& to teach Japanese in an elementaly school.
The weather has been really really cold for several days.
Because of that, I caught a cold and had a headache.
There will be a dance performance in our studio on the 22nd of March.
We started with the choreography yesterday.
For example, I managed to write these sentences first in Japanese in my head and then translate and put them into English, which requires a great effort and is tiresome.
However if I get areally bad headache, I might as well take the medicine rather than just suffer.
I Watched 90210
I watched the final episode of season one of 90210.
I'm looking forward to watching it next season.
Today, I studied physics for an exam.
So, I always grew some vegetables in a planter.
I'm looking forward to it.
I need you to help me improve my english level.
It's 6 hours to go until the beginning of the match.
How to conjugate for Lang8!!
After he left, my daughter and I talked a lot.
It is the central city the northernmost Japanese island, Hokkaido.
I am sad because my sister deleted the program (of the keyboard) for writing in Korean!.
The stylist in the shop was a very friendly woman, and had a good sense in cutting,
When I checked my diary this morning, the friend whom I had just met had already corrected it.
He thought that I rarely ate meat (beef) because I live by myself.
If I eat a hamburger slowly, chewing it well and tasteing it, I always regret eating it.
On the way home, I bought seven bottles of maple syrup and three boxes of maple cookies at a supermarket.
Additionally (or, Also), prices are negotiable.
From your crazy sister, Haruna
I registered an account with Lang-8, but can't understand this usage.
I'll stop complaining.
Sorry, just a question.
Even if I get a boyfriend, I will choose to live alone, because even we broke up, at least I would have my home. I don't want to end up not having a boyfriend and a place to live, that would make me feel like a loser.
Mainly because I was in the Philippines and
Due to typhoon I dont have class in the morning
u know a tyehoon will be coming to japan.
I heard it was the same in China or in some European countries.
I have a problem with choosing new jeans.
He faced about one thousand and nine challenges, and finally, he met a person who was willing to buy his recipes.
I graduated from Nihon University last year.
I majored in International Relations.
I didn't know the name until then
I know they are not interesting at all, so everyone wouldn't want to read my entry.
I've had a lot of experiences like this and I've realized that men and women can't be close friends.
, so we would like to make the accommodations as comfortable as possible for the newcomers.
but there was a language problem. (Sounds natural)
but after drinking a couple of glasses of champagne, I was very drunk.
Recently, I make many kinds of bread too.
Do you remember those days, your mother knit a sweater in the dim light for you when you woke up at midnight, or because you came home so late that she wasn't? able to be assured; you know that there are many things like this.
I went to a study group for CMS (Content Management System, an internet system for blogs and websites, like WordPress) and had discussions with members.
Because I am abstaining from drinking, it seemed that not having much alcohol made me drunker. Hummm...
Mubark was the president of Egypt for 30 years.
Allah helps people in Egypt.
What are your favourite sports?
There are many beautiful clothesand dance movements in the film.
But I have the good luck to be surrounded by brilliant friends, excellent teachers and an affluent campus (The only weakness is that it is too far from my house...).
Even by doing so, it might be difficult to attain something special, but what is important is to try to have an awareness of issues and start a voluntary pursuit.
On top of that, I heard that grown-ups feel as if time has passed faster than in their childhood.
Thanks for reading my journal
A public viewing is an event where you cheer for the team through a huge screen with a crowd.
Japan played well, but I think there was a critical diference between Japan and the Netherlands.
I don't know why we're supposed to take classes in such a marvelous summer vacation, which should have been full of joy, laughter and merriment.
Although it sounds a little pessimistic and overstated, what I really want to say that learning should be a lifelong and happy activity rather than pushing us to the limit when we are in a bad mood/ depressed.
Improving our knowledge by practicing instead of talking theoretically is the most significant, positive and effective thing in our life, in my opinion.
This week, I'm staying with another host family because my host family is going to be in Bali for two weeks.
It was so amazing.
Then, I remembered that the foreigner was seating alone. (There are two seats at one side and I had my partner.) Initially, I hesitated to talk to him because he only speaks English.
I carried him in my arms and looked around to find his master.
She doe n't have confidence about English, but she knows many verbs and conjugations.
To my surprise, there were no stories nor paragraphs on her textbook but conjugations and exercises.
Thank you for your cooperation.
The shop where we went to was owned by chicken egg farmers.
Of course I also liked ``Jack and the Beanstalk.``:-)
So I hope that I will be write at least one sentence correct.
After that I lost my confidence in speaking English.
Although I didn't get first prize and practicing English speech is really hard, this English speech contest was a really good time for me.
I hope my English speech skills will be as good as a native speaker!
I would like to introduce some disgusting examples to you.
When I was a student, I spent a lot of my money on music.
Okinawa was warmer than Tokyo, because of its location.
This time, the airplane was delayed by 2 hours due to the maintenance.
It's on my way to my hometown.
I thank her for helping me to study English.
I ask my coach if I could take a break, then he suggested that I take the intermediate-first lesson.
hello guys from japan; my first diary about japanese disaster
Two women are in their forties, another woman is in her thirties, and I'm in my twenties, but we only speak in English when we get together so I can't feel the generation gap. I feel like we are friends.
And I find that even after several Chinese have corrected someone's journal, there are still some errors/ mistakes.
Sometime its punch lines are too ridiculous to believe that anyone on earth is really that stupid, but that's what makes it so good. Somehow I can't help watching it everyday.
Recently I have been busy with job hunting and class in university.
So I am so happy that I had slept until noon.
In Japan, the replacement of prime ministers seem to have become an annual event.
University is said to be a life experience.
They can strengthen their bonds deeper through other school events such as cultural festivels.
Doing somthing for the first time is very exciting, as you know.
My cousin bought a chicken for my dogs..
But I also lack English language skills.
Do you know Kao Corporation?
So, in conclusion, I want to state that not only must the government make the already existing laws tougher, but also censor the media, which has a tremendous influence-especially on young people.
It is a little dificult for me, but I always enjoy discussion with her in English.
I've only had a few food but I don't feel hungry.
Sometimes I'm not hungry but I want to eat....
At last, I arrived at my destination, Narita Airport.
The goddess did not want them to be together, and so used her power to turn them into two stars.
but I brought </ FONT> some bread to eat with friends.
Shiba dog is a Japanese dog. They are medium size and very
It's her first time to go to a foreign country by herself.
Do you know ``Syabu-syabu``?
It is a dinner that consists of many vegetables and thin beef swished in boiling water.
There were many foreign visitors in the restaurant.
I have made some friends who are Japanese.
Thank you for coming and seeing us at Onoda-shi, in Yamaguchi on January 21.
One mother said your reading of the picture book was wonderful!!
The first time I met him, he talked about ``SD Gundam`` and ``The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya`` and I couldn't understand anything he was talking about.
After leaving Tokyo, he will go to Shizuoka to view a big Gundam model.
Without Anna, my English might not improve.
Anyway, I have one thing I want to say: that I leave on August 26th, for the US.
I want to thank everyone who has helped me with my English so far.
So, I expect that many people read my diary and correct sentences.
please correct the sentences and be my friend!
I never learnt (/ don't know) how to play the piano or guitar, or learnt French or Japanese like some people.
As a result, I found this website and enjoyed correcting articles written by some foreigners because I am good at it and it makes me feel good no matter if they thank me or not.
I had lunch with two friends (and friend's daughter who is one year and seven months old and very cute) today.
This afternoon, our class will be having a class meeting about electing the elite as members to the Party.
I don't care if other people say ``You can't be a milionaire because you are not already rich``.
This Saturday I went to Shiga because of my group activeties.
Today, I got some classes at my college.
Showing my true colors, I want to skip my classes!!
So, now I should go to college.
I didn't have any Indian friends in, Taiwan, before.
All my foreign pals are Japanese.
But the type of rice is different from Taiwan.
Every ethnic community has their own character.
My favorite color is white, so my car is also white.
Because of that, I want the white iPhone 4G.
I also want to learn German because I really love German football and Fc Bayern;-) This is my first diary.
I am interested in fashion, art, and 90's music!
I am ``good at`` speaking Japanese but I am ``not good at`` speaking English.
Please help me!
I am going to send an E-mail to my friend who is an international student today.
Mixed feelings again.
First I feel happy because of someone who told me I look like a singer.
I'm not alone, right?
I think it is about the guy who kept eating only McDonald's hamburgers and potatoes.
Yesterday's dinner
I started surfing about 2 months ago, but then the earthquakes and tsunami hit the Tohoku area.
Now I want a motorcycle and dream that I will get a big one and travel around the world.
It's like making blended whiskey using single malt ones.
Not to mention learning other languages.
For these reasons, I think the education that aims at the development of individual talent rather than learning by rote is needed the most.
One of my classes called International Communication course is one of those systems, where we can learn other country's traditional way of life as well as English, and we can see many people from other countries.
My high school gives us many opportunities to go to other countries.
What is the Au pair Program?
I can study English in various ways on the internet.
By taking class in an English center, I can practise listening, pronunciation,...
Generally, I don't say much if the atmosphere of a conversation gets stressful.
She never thought of anyone else.
You wanna be somebody who complains, but you won't be a listener.
I am sacred of you now....
Usually, the beans are sold with seasoning such as soy sauce.
I was born in a city north of China, and I went to college at a city north east of China.
I love snow very much, and the winter time during college gave me deep impressions of good memories.
Hence, more and more visitors should have opportunities to travel to other places.
I've been a lacrosse player since I was university student.
During that time, I felt quite uncomfortable.
It was atough time, but I enjoyed talking with thecustomers.
These flowershave special colors and shapes, too.
Recently I could only go to work for two days a month, because I have been receiving post-surgical chemotherapy to prevent a recurrence of my cancer and metastasis.
Though it was regrettable that I got sick, I believe that my disease has developed a greatness within my soul.
These days, I'm always shopping, singing in the ``KARAOKE-BOX``, drinking liquor or doing many other things.
The Spring Festival is the Chinese New Year, and it's the day when all the family members come together and celebrate.
Why can you earn more& nbsp; in Canadian companies that estimate indindividual skills more than Asian companies?& nbsp; It really depends on the your skills, whether you earn a lot of money or not.
I hope my English will be getting better for many reasons.
And I will help you with Korean, a little bit of Japanese.
We are going to go to Himeji castle and some other places.
but, my english is not good.
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.
I think it would be fun to write a diary on the web.
Everyone seems delighted by it.
My father had a lots of potatos in my house which was more than he can eat before they get spoiled.
I mean, real diary. Of course, I have written English compositions in school, but those are not diaries.
One of my friends recommended it to me.
When I found the (rain boots), I (thought) I (loved them).
My First Time Writing In My Diary In English
I purchased a training suit, which is similar to what boxers use before their matches.
They control effictiveness!
But, I really feel unhappy with my English right now...
In this movie, Led Zeppelin's famous song, 'Immigrant song' was used.
Unfortunately, the long holiday ended today.
I'm going back to school again this March and I've been planning my course schedule while reconnecting with my friends via MSN messenger.
And then, after reading those comments, I was really pleased and happy because the explanations helped me understand the parts that I didn't understand clearly and there were a lot of examples to help me too.
Well, I had a delicious breakfast, and the weather today isn't as cold as it was before.
But musicals contain many songs, and it is a bit more accessible for me.
I really want to recommend it to everyone!
However, I suddenly heard a terribly loud sound.
When I say that, people around me look at me surprised as if they didn't expect it and I looked odd.
We can listen to the radio and do simplistic jobs at the same time, and also feel relaxed.
But I apparently looked like I was listening to an iPod, so most of the people were surprised to see me change the radio channel.
I was surprised that Filipinos don't use such a convenient tool in everyday life.
If we find out this information we can help satisfy the niche foreigner's desires and it is a business opportunity too.
People there are very cool, I love chatting with women.
For example, they can learn how to speak and begin to understand different languages by watching TV.
Always in the serene night with the dim lamp by me, this platitude would penetrate the gloomy air through the sound of my mother's breath, reminding me to be more stout and obstinate about my hard-to-reach dream.
Of course, I recognize that my range of vocabulary and how to express myself are not enough.
I'm feeling more comfortable even though I recognize that there are still many mistakes.
I want to take advantage of this happiness and time to improve my English.
I should remove the worms from these leaves to let them keep growing.
Because of that, the first day was going to be canceled, but the typhoon has gone the other way, so we were able to continue with the festival.
During the ride, a Filipino woman spoke to me in Japanese.
I hope this accomodation remains for a long time long against the upcoming tough economic condition.
I'm going to study English and German hard on this site.
Should one expect a reward when doing a good deed?
My body is still craving a cup of coffee, so I am counting down to the opening time of my favorite coffee shop.
It is also difficult to explain technical documention in English.
I'd like to join in fitness clubs now.
In the gym, there are a lot of foreigners so I'd like to get in.
Sometimes I think that days are too short, because I cant do many things, but on weekends the days are longer and I dont know what to do!
When I watched his behaviorat these supermarkets, I found that he was walking around there quickly.
We can enter free of charge and the price of food and drinks is very reasonable.
I'd really be grateful for any help in improving my English abilities.
I think that it's about time when I start Skype and talk English positively.
When I am walking down to the street, it looks like only umbrellas are moving on the street.
Maybe they have seen my old picture on lang-8.
In my senior high school, anHK friend and I have writewrote a letter to JKR.
Although I didn't gain any messages from JKR, HK friend sent me a great Christimas gift: A HARRY POTTER MAP. (Print by himself) The map is just like in the movie.
Because Japanese books have manypictures about maids and theVictorian time.
France has ballet, and Hawaii has the Hula.
Generally speaking. most of them were built during the Feudal Period.
Each of them has distinctive features.
So, even if I was a little bit interested in these kind of things, I tried to hide my curiosity.
We have re-instructed the packers to take notice of proper packing material to ensure that panels will not shift in the carton to avoid any damages to the board.
It was my fault, but he didn't need so angry.
I hope he will be re-assigned to another department next quarter.
He had a heart painted on his forehead. That is lovely for Valentine's day.
I would like to ride him, even though the first time I might be scared of him
It is famous for hot-springs and it's beautiful ocean.
June is the rainy season in Japan.
When the rainy season is over, summer has come.
I am twenty three (years old); it seems that I'm not young, but I am still in school. I hope in the future I can have a beautiful life and I know it's not easy.
But I'm still a student now and can do nothing except learn and learn every day. I hope I can do something for my family, but I don't know what to do.
Jeju is a beautiful island.
How about your country? Do you display
Restart Toilet Training
Mothers shouldn't be too nervous about this kind of discipline.
One day, she was playing with her friend climbing the jungle gym, but her friend climbed higher than her, so she started to cry out of frustration.
We are planning to play games with kids.
Also, I grilled chicken breast and sprinkled some salt and pepper on it.
Obama's presidential inaugural address.
Honestly speaking, I had never heard a presidential oath in detail in the past.
The economy is badly weakened... ``
-He holds respect at the forefront...
``For us, they fought and died in places like...``
But when you come (go) to their country, and begin living as they do, and begin speaking their language, you understand that they are not different from you.
I am studying two languages every day.
Do you know of stores that sell many inexpensive swimsuits?
She is always kind to me.
She is lovely to me.
Maybe I can borrow some more accessories for my other friends. We will see...
Although you have many things, if you see something your friend has that you don't you really want to have it as well.
However, although this is true, I believe we can learn to be satisfied.
I came to Australia last September, and it was my first time traveling abroad.
Actually all of my luggage had been automatically transported to my next airplane.
But I had already made a fatal mistake because I was waiting for my departure time at the 1st gate but I actually had to go to the 60th gate.
I am an engineer at a construction company and I am constructing a pharmaceutical factory in Shizuoka.
Hence I enrolled at a correspondence university to get a teaching license.
As usual, I had some bread, coffee, and salad for breakfast.
It goes very well with French bread.
Today I happened to meet with my ex-colleague.
So I gave her some advice.
It is more relaxing there than in the library.
Therefore I'm going to go to New Zealand next summer vacation.
Starting today, I'm going to write a diary in English.
I took an exam this morning.
I will have to have the same class next term.
Yet it is very warm and springlike beautiful day!
In the first, he threw a carrot, in the next pan he put an egg, and the last pan was filled with granules of coffee.
After some time, he took out the carrot and the egg and poured out the coffee.
-The carrot and the egg have boiled and the coffee has dissolved.
But what about the coffee?
-It's most interesting.
Oh, it seems like the 'Spam' sketch by Monty Python, I watched it just last night!
I got into a university finally!!!!!
Today we finished lessons earlier than usual, so we returned home earlier too.
It would suck to be sneezing all day when the long and cold winter is finally coming to an end.
I am going outside Bangkok today.
I have to study tonight for tomorrow's tests.
We were strangers, but he made a good impression on me.
a mountain eruption =(
Yes, I know I will soon enter university, and that Iam 18 years old
when some people find out about that, they are suprised and they think I have a problem
I can learn new information from it. especially if it was about history.
I love a lot cartoons, especially Japanese anime.
Such as: Conan, Anne Shirley, Remi and many other anime.
I like anime that showcases problems in society, or about history.
Anyway, my friend who lives in Christchurch was fine.
and she decided to move to her relative's home.
If a dog is a rabid dog, it's very dangerous.
I'm college student.
So many of my vegan friends cook 3 times a day, and I always help to read what the package of ingredient says at supermarkets:)
Nowadays, I found out that people smoked in the streets.
I was driving my car, feeling that I lived in the early 21st century.
Right now I'm at the bank, where the last fireworks festival of this year will take place!
I know I'm crazy, but I love them and really think they're beautiful!
I grabbed a great spot up front where the fireworks are being shot. Many workers are now setting up fireworks:)
I'm happy if I get one!
So everyday or maybe sometimes I'll send you even if you will not reply.
so it damages the hair.
I want to improve my English because I like talking with people, girls in particular lol.
Because of exam day, we left school before 4 o 'clock and soon got to the studio.
We practiced calligraphy at first; after that teacher started teaching us to sketch.
sound in British English.
tell me whether the British are more likely to pronounce it as 'I: ~'?
Ipoh is also a city in Malaysia.
My computer is slightly old and slightly weird.
I've already graduated from university and my major was occupational rehabilitation.
I have just registered in Lang-8.
I usually record music from CD and transfer them into my iPod and watch DVDs on my PC.
It worked well except the thing it didn't have any disk drive.
My life seems such a catastrophe that I couldn't help but sob for all my past teen-life.
Is it alright for a sophomore to dream anything about her future?
I had to mediate a conflict of opinions, because an employee had been in trouble with the store manager for a couple of weeks.
On the other hand, 12% of people report that they dislike obese people, less than the 16% in 2003.
By the way, recently one my lang-8 friends said that he dislikes female smokers.
The idea that a person's character is decided by blood type is wrong, because the fact that there aren't relations between a blood type and a character has been proved scientifically.)
I studied English in many places in Peru. In Japan I use the little I know. Maybe I speak English poorly, but I feel that I speak fluently. I don't think I can understand much.
This morning, he woke up early at 7.
I usually eat out because I have lived a single life for 9 years.
It's a very famous dish in Japan and it's very easy to cook!
I haven't written a diary entry for a while, haha!
I found I would be late to my German class.
(A heavily edited and dubbed English version of this film was released under the title ``Warriors of the Wind`` in the 1980s, but it didn't follow Miyazaki's original plotline.
Now a ``no-edit`` version is available.)
I recommend the manga version too.
My husbund called, ``Pass the salt!``
I didn't know why he asked, but I brought the salt box to him.
She said that she wanted me to read outside her room, because she would like to sleep in her room, but I didn't mind; I still stayed there for a long time and fell asleep in her room.
I write down my first entry into my english diary today.
I'm very nervous because my english is so terrible.
I had my hair cut today.
What was interesting was that someone who wore an armband which had the characters ``STAFF`` warned a man who was smoking in the yard nearby my lab not to smoke there.
My other friend Nez (Short for Nezacant) gave me a shield.
The reason was work.
before I answered that question, I asked how old she was.
One of them is the General Relativity, Special Relativity and Photoelectric effect.
In theory, we can go to the future by way of Relativity.
But, there are problems (with going) to the future.
You can go to future when you solve these problems.
So light spread as wate and light is composed of particles which we don't see.
Light is the only material which has quantum nature.
Even if I get a full score on the writing test, it's unlikely that I'll pass the ikkyu test.
I'm a house wife but my family let me alone and prepared food for me during those two days.
When I went around Paris, I saw a lot of beautiful places, including classic and old buildings.
I could not write my entry yesterday because there was thunder and lightning last evening.
My friend and I looked for somewhere quiet to study Chinese and Thai language, we did not find a good place so, yesterday we studied at Macdonald's but there was a lot of music and a lot of student doing their homework.
I don't know why but I know we have a good mood all the time and like to smile at people whether we know them or not.
I asked her about if in China they have Kung Fu or not, she laughed and said yes but it's different in the movie because they can't spring up a tree or a roof and things like that.
Look at the first picture. Have you seen it before?
I'm reading, searching and writing in the train using my MacBook Air.
I have some plans and hopes for 2009.
I hope to study English continually with members of my office department, as well as start studying Chinese and other languages.
I think it is difficult for me to choreograph dances,
Rakuten's president said that speaking in English is inevitable to expand its business outside of Japan since the Japanese market is shrinking due to the reduction of the population.
But it's a little bit controversial because it's very rare for a Japanese company to use English as an official language.
Even successful Japanese companies in different coutries like Toyota, Nintendo, etc do not use English as a official language yet.
I think people who already study English like us in Lang-8 don't think it's a huge burden.
I wonder how they prepare for its goals.
This Diary is an English-Learning-Record and Life-Record.
Today I attended an editorial meeting of an academic journal of gerontology.
I'm fifteen, I study Art in Malaysia.
Yesterday was very good timing to come back to Japan, because now a big and
Next time I write, I'll describe many things.
I love animals.
Eating dogs should be banned.
Headache caused by a bad smell.
Do you have any hobbies?
Do I call them ``hobbies``?
Because, coffee farmers should get a higher income.
This game is between Japan and Holland.
my sentences are very foolish..
I can't select good sentences..
I studied much harder than before, but unexpectedly, I got poor grades.
She is such a cool woman, isn't she? But, the only word I know of to describe her is ``cool``.
I am a person who looks on the bright side and is an enthusiastic self-motivator.
These days young people don't necessarily have it on New Year's,
I live alone and far away from my hometown, so I wasn't going to have osechi ryouri because it would be too much for me to eat by myself.
Last December, my sister called me all of a sudden and said: '' I won this expensive OSECHI ryouri in a BINGO game at my company's party, but I cannot receive it on December 31 because I'm going back to our hometown. So I'm asking if you could go and accept it at the restaurant. I heard its very delicious! ''
She said that she misses me, and she may possibly come in October, but only for a weekend.
Shikoku is noted for their noodles, hot springs and beautiful nature.
If I run into a foreigner, he/ she gives me a kind of smile.
But native speakers occasionally can't understand what they want to say even though we as non-natives can understand it.
For our office, we usually buy toilet papers through the delivery service of office supplies, however, because the earthquake occurred on March 11th, this service had stopped.
I like him because he is very kind.
I didn't know that many people in korea can speak english fluently even though they don't have any experience abroad.
I was shocked and I thought back to myself.
I am taking English lessons.
Do you guys care whether your brothers and sisters are older or younger than you.
When I ask you, ``Do you have any brothers and sisters?``, you might answer ``Yes, I have two brothers.``
Every Friday I felt tired, although there was little work that needed to be completed immediately.
But, I couldn't understand his English...
I shall call him again after I can speak English fluently.
The reason is: there is no chair.
Waiting for the bus took about 40 minutes, until it came to the station:)!
According to the weather news, it will snow next week here in Niigata, Japan.
This is the first time I'll experience the winter in Niigata so I'm wondering if I will survive the upcoming winter.
it might be bad thing because many men would like to marry women who are good at cooking.
As I get married, it would not be good for my relationship because my husband will be eating my dinner and my breakfeast. So if my cooking is bad, we would have some issues that I can't make a nice dinner.
I am jealous that this site's members can write such good Japanese compositions!!
and yet we sometimes regret our choices.
Just compare merits?
Or just listen to advice?
But the result was the result, I must accept it.
I usually tap dance alone.
It was cold, but we felt hot
He is the blind twenty-year-old pianist who won the thirteenth Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in June.
I am not familiar with classical music, but I think his music is very beautiful and touching.
Today, I went to shopping near the station because today is a national holiday in Japan. oooh FUN!
Electric utility expense rises this summer.
Hm, sounds stupid?
I was so proud of myself.
Would you tell me if the scenery is still as beautiful as the sunset I saw with my family twenty years ago?
When I was a junior high, one girl who was not my classmate came up to me and said, ``Are you gay?`` I couldn't understand what she said at first but I replied ``well I have a sister so you might feel so.`` This is not an answer at all but I managed to say that.
It is very rural. I love Yamagata because I can relax.
I practiced drawing dinosaurs, but they look like crocodiles a little.
I don `t have anything special to do, so I usually watch American dramas.
The other thing I remember well is that the victims were transfromed into hedgehog monster-like figures like once in the aircraft.
Bean throwing, which is called mamemak, is done at home on the day of Setsubun.
But such a consideration is a dangerous myth.
I think they're definitely great.
I begin to study English with this site.
I prefer the version where the princess kisses the frog and the frog turns back into the prince.
We promised to go to another tennis camp in the summer!
I have memorized lots of vocabulary, but the dictionary that I use is still very limited.
dealing off the bottom
The police found evidence that the two companies had been dealing off the bottom of the deck.
I see a pile of clothes and I question/ (ask) myself: ``Why do we wear clothes?``
She was a completely/ really stupid girl and she spent two years in jail in America.
She experienced life in an American jail.
My name is Kaori.
because it isn't the same as Japanese.
I'm going to school tomorrow, so I hope it'll be good weather.
I've been learning english since last summer.
and I want to talk with foreigners.
My friend who is a 28 year old woman is thinking about getting married.
Her thoughts are completely different from his parents '.
I will go shopping to get some groceries.
l am studying English at a language school in Brisbane.
I want to speak and understand English better.
I made Miso soup and another dish.
The Miso soup was a little bit thick.
I always wanted to be a cook.
I sometimes use stamps at my job for my customers.
I made a decision to buy a house, and moved to a better neighborhood in late 2007.
I will write just a little bit of English today because
I will read my old diaries and try to understand them again to help me make my English good in the future.
Although the internet is more and more popular among students, there is no doubt that a book is a vital way of studying.
However, I have to consider the people who corrected my grammar.
It is still very hot, burning hot, in the daytime, but it has been getting cooler in the morning and the evening day by day.
Moreover, all of the users are friendly and very kind.
Last night I spoke on ICQ with my friend in English.
Themes were different: religion, music, job.
We address those who are older than us by their names + san, but when I was in Cairns, Australia, nobody asked me to call them 'Mr or Ms ~'.
Perhaps they would get nervous in the fight and they couldn't give their full power and technique because they are polite and gentle guys.
This is my first english diary, and I am very excited. I reside in Chengdu, China. It's a very nice and friendly city. hehe, It's like a panda country. Have you seen Kung Fu Panda?
She thought that she had been living a boring life.
So many people are suffering because of unexploded bombs and mines in Vietnam and around Thailand.
But at Shinjuku, JR also announced that their service was stopped because of an accident.
On the way there, I drew out 100 thousand won from my account using a card.
The roads/ roadways of HCMC are always jammed/ jam-packed with traffic.
For entertainment and creation, all you need to do is install it.
Beautiful Spring!
I offen see couple of Japanese woman and foreign man.
is Japanese Man not popular with foreign girl?
Plese correct my diary.
I hope I will have someone to give chocolates to next year!!
Also, I realised that I got close to paradise or heaven in a different way.
In the bus, I met three foreign student, one is American, another is German and the other one is from Holand. They want to visit the ``Tian an men``, but they didn't know how to get there.
I want to go to many restaurants, but I'm only here for five days.
Before the coming winter, I (prepare) for the cold.
I saw two of my idols today.
The correctee might have believed those mistakes were right.
I have noticed that I feel the Japanese economy gradually worsen.
To solve the problem, I believe that young people should go overseas and study, travel, help developing countries and so on.
I went to this course, because I can read English text (not good, but I can), I can understand english speech (worse, but I can), but I can't speak it!
David Coverdale is one of my favorite singers.
Because his voice is adorable, many people are fascinated.
I couldn't understand!!!
I haven't written a thread for a while.
Meeting my friend, eating nice food,
Sleeping a lot, studying english, I can do that ^ 3 ^
I'm going to take part in Hana where I learn English speaking with. foreigners.
If you eat HoBBang, you may say ``Ho ~ Ho ~`` while eating.
So I've made up my mind to learn it seriously as I study for my profession.
I'm growing some vegetables in my veranda.
Last Saturday I had my hair cut.
Today is April Fools 'Day. In the US, people usually fool their good friends to make everyone happy.
because the older generation don't like it. In their ideas we will be very impolite if we did that.
After posting my journal yesterday, I regretted it a lot because I wondered if my journal entry might sound offensive.
I want to say that English helps me to express my emotion more easily than Japanese.
I think that there are some cultural differences in there.
As my college is in Kyoto, I usually only go around in that area.
but, I am going to Tokyo to take a seminar for job applicants tomorrow.
So I think that I am busy, but I would think that ``busy`` is evidence of living a full life.
Well I just signed on. I hope that with this web site I will improve my English skills
Eating is important.
They don't want to upload their own pictures or careers.
I want to have the ability to be able to help somebody easly.
May this new year bring you many opportunities
I'm a university student studying architecture.
This is my first trip abroad.
The next day, my left hand had turned pale and a little swollen.
I went shopping with my mom.
There will be an unique ceremony.
By the way do you know, '' Turtle Talk ''?
First I have to decide a specific goal for example to pass one qualification, to take an exam, or to get a job.
It is most important that I continue with my goal.
I ended up eating too much.
I have a running nose, but I don't want to see the doctor, because the medicine will make me more uncomfortable.
I think music is like a beautiful performance. It's something essential like a type of language.
There is beautiful natural places in NZ, and it is similar to my hometown.
Tomorrow, I will walk around town.
The day before yesterday was the Midsummer Day of the Ox.
Even if I achieve that purpose, I will not be able to speak English, because paper tests evaluate only my reading and listening skill.
Studying the written and reading tests don't help me speak English and learn English expressions.
I've just looked up the word ``progress`` on an English dictionary which is Longman dictonary.
I came back from my business trip last night and I jogged to the office to deal with the receipts to get the compensation now.
I often eat out, like at McDonald `s.
Right now, I'm watching a TV program about the Hubble (Space) Telescope.
Mein Vater ist Beamter.
Active: I washed my dishes before I came here.
* Japan 1-0 Cameroon!!
They had great performance
It was too difficult to communicate well with the foreigners, but I enjoyed spending time with them.
As a matter of fact, I like listening to him at the meetings.
Some of my friends can't drink them because if they do, they hurt their throats.
The most important thing about English is to grasp the common vocabulary and the pronunciation of each word, which I am sticking to neither.
We mostly choice the topic about the teacher, only he choice tennis.
He also used his camera to record other student's activities exaggeratedly.
When once in the class, he also did this, the teacher was very angry, he hit the student's head with a dumbbell.
I want to visit the school to pay my respects to the teachers but I can 't
I feel like the happiest person in the world
It is my first time writing a diary in English.
In conclusion/ Finally, I think I become a more complicated person when I speak English.
Actually, my parents are getting divorced as they always argue about things. even in front of me.
So, this incident reassures me that I should get out my own country, Japan, since there is no place I can be return to after I graduate from my college... even though the real reason why I wanna leave Japan has something to do with my big dream.
I wanted to go on a trip abroad during GW, but my wish wasn't realized because of the reason above.
some people might tell me
I'm staying in Australia to study English.
I drove my car onto the main street and found that it was congested (du che); it was raining at that time.
Heavy traffic blocked the street. Thirty mintutes later, I got out of my car to find out what had happened.
I walked back to my car, turned on the radio and waited.
because this book has so much slang
Other than the internet I learn from aplications such as ``Windows``:)))) I need a lot of help because I find English a difficult language to learn.
Because it takes about 30 minutes to drive there from my house.
I need to do some stretching and start to take care of my health.
I won't fail to fullfil my resolution.
If I become a member before Jan.
Yesterday I arranged that I would learn English grammar.
He jumped into the sea and he almost drowned.
Whenever I see an English sentence, I have to think about it, and then translate it before I can understand the meaning of it.
This space seems like a place to write a daily diary.
I thought, I should write something in the ``About me`` section.
I was unpleasantly surprised that a lot of my mistakes deal with articles.
But I found that Japanese was much more difficult than English to learn.
I wondered if he mentioned it because he wanted to invite me or because he just wanted to tell everyone the news?
But the realiy is not allowed us to choose right (decision).
First, when I wanted to buy some street food or drink I always used my index and middle finger to show I needed two meals or two cups.
But they show a thumb for one, and the index finger was for two.
They were allowed to smoke in the restaurants, too.
Silvano was so patient with me.
As you know I don't like politicians publically speaking, but there is one politician that I want to hear speak, Junichiro Koizumi.
Now Tarou Asou is president, who is known as the way to fun speak. (??)
I often talk with my friends from Europe on Skype, but I always forget English words and I cannot explain how I feel well:(I feel very frustrated and I've been wondering when my English will improve!
But my vocabulary was too limited to make the conversation interesting.
I'm not going to say anything about the story anymore because there are some people who haven't seen it.
In Germany, a genius Japanese doctor named Tenma had saved a boy's life through operation.
Unfortunately, Johan was a genius person who killed without thinking about the significance of human life
MONSTER is one of the most popular comic book in Japan
Thanks a lot for reading my sentences.
I even thought anything would do as long as it was a living thing.
After I separated from my friend, I also felt another aftershock in Tokyo while I was waiting for my bus.
After taking my antibiotics, I made a rush for the school so desperately that I forgot to eat something. I thought I would be able to buy something once I arrived.
But my vocabulary is poor for translating the meanings of this.
Before the semester started, I was join the magic club in my university.
Fireworks to be held tonight in my town
Fireworks is an annual summer event in my town.
But according to the weather station, it seems like the weather might be poor today.
In Japan, the 29th of April was a public holiday.
However, I am often said ``You look like a half-breed!`` I think that's because of my brown eyes, but I'm pure Japanese.
Today, I woke up at 8: 00 AM, drank coffee, and watched TV.
When I am writing a diary, I use a vocabulary book.
Do you know about Nagano? Do you know about the Nagano Olympics in 1998? Nagano also has famous places.
For example, Zenkouji is a very old shrine!
Would you search the internet? It is a very big shrine!
In 1992, I went to Thiland for meet my family.
But evetually I managed it and we made delicious ``Japanese mugwort rice cake``.
It rained cats and dogs in the morning, but then turned sunny in the afternoon.
In the Middle East, they've made a truce between the Israelis and the Palestanians.
I'm not as fascinated with it as she is (that would be difficult:P), but I enjoyed the beautiful romanticist and photo-realistic paintings.
They are so calm.
When president obama was speaking,
Recently I've watched 'Star Trek-Voyager' to improve my listening skill.
But my english teacher recommended to watch 'Star Trek-Voyager' because the actors and actress speak clearly.
So here I'd like to study technical English and find new friends (from all over the world, but it seems to be only a dream).
However there was no answer and I opened the door. A middle-aged woman in a green shirt was sat down on the toilet.
When I opened the door she looked surprised and I was also surprised because I thought that nobody was in there.... We looked at each other for a very short time.
Today,_ it was a beautiful day.
I created a Twitter account.
So I hope that some day, we can meet in heaven.
Everytime, I always use my iPhone for something unnecessary.
I have been in the USA for 1 and half years.
While I was working at a Japanese company in Japan, I sometimes got phone calls from the other country's company.
I'm fine thank you and you? ``at that time.
Please correct my sentences if I make a mistake.
I have been working for one year and I have learned a lesson--I lack courage, which is a disadvantage at work.
Life sucks without true love, I must learn what to do to find zeal for my work.
I would not be skilled enough.
'Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!', she shouted suddenly and ran into the living room, and she said that some black object fell.
Do you knou ``Fantasiata``?
First of all, population growth has greatly influenced the world.
For this reason, I dicided to use this gym quickly.
But to be honest, it was totally fun. haha.
If only I could believe it caused no pain or little pain.....
It is very gothic and turned my thoughts to ghosts.
I was taking some photos of the church itself, and of me next to it, but this photo is the best one for me, because it creates joyful emotions in my heart and soul.
My mother took us to the station and I took the train.
I think I lack knowledge and books may help me to express my own ideas.
I finished reading ``Wuthering Heights`` yesterday.
If you have any recommendations, please tell me. ^ ^
I only have the database in my PC.
I got a ticket for aKenji Ozawa concert.
He is very critical of capitalism (particularly America) on his site.
I sometimes use paper or solid models which I made, because it's hard to describe through only speaking.
I jogged only on the weekend, but I think it has is little effect in decreasing my weight.
Please correct my Poor English sentences.
The daughter who will arrive first will arrive early next Tuesday morning.
But she is really English, and she speaks almost exclusively in English.
Since everyone has his own fate.
Another two days of the week, I worked in the training center of an university from
Could somebody think of adjectives which do not have superlative or comparative forms?
Hello, everyone!
I got always frightened (scared) every time I heard it.
It's especially good for improving my listening and speaking skills in English.
I think studying English by watching soap operas is more effective than studying with books.
``Charo`` is a English learning program by NHK, a Japanese broadcasting company.
The radio version is little bit longer and more difficult and has more details.
When I get tired of studying English, I just listen to the story.
That's why I believe it is the best program.
I am writing for the first time at Lang-8.
I know some of my friends work about 14-15 hours a day.
So I practise my English, study accounting and go for a run to exercise in my spare time.
I think that foreigners are more open-minded, so I can make friends more easily.
I see John get on a train and it leaves XXX station at 6 p. m.
And on the train I come across a man and he asks me what train John got on.
I think I could say something like, ``(John got on) The train that pulled out of XXX station at 6 p. m.`` But, I want to explain without referring to time.
ideal: What's the ideal educational style for American people? (for?)
However, because we chose an area of higher altitude, we had very good snow conditions.:-)
I felt very tired and stressed, but it was very interesting.
What is culture? It refers to the civilization and customs of a certain race or nation.
We do and say things that maybe we would not doin other counties, so knowing a counties 'culture is important if you will communicate with global people and travel to different areas.
I think a very imporntant reason is that we have different religious beliefs, follow different customs, and live in different environments.
I am learning English language in a short time and I don't know how to write it well.
I think that it is a nice website because a lot of people can quick learn language, so I want to write here once a week and if you can, show me and correct my mistakes.
Today I received 4 pieces of clothing that I bought from Taobao.
``Gheimeh`` is a popular dish in Iran and it is also cooked in most religious ceremonies like some ceremonies that are held in two days called ``Ashoora`` and ``Tassoa`` (``Ashoora`` and ``Tasooa`` are the days that Muslims, especially Shias mourn for ``Emam Hossain``).
Because of this use, some people called ``Gheimeh``, a dead person's meal.
For cooking ``Gheimeh`` we need some ingredients like beef or lamb that are cut into small pieces, some onions, split-peas, tomato paste, some potatoes, cooking oil, salt, and some spices like red or black pepper and tumeric.
In the next stage, peel and cut potatoes and fry them; you can also cut some mushrooms and a green pepper into small pieces and add it to the frying potatoes, then add salt and red or black pepper to the mixture.
But when my room is tidy, I feel more energetic.
I've always wanted to buy shoes for spring.
When we lend some money to someone, we should determine a precise date of repayment.
I appreciate the memories and wonderful favors in my life.
One of friends said they are just looking for a Japanese girl because they are pretty and easy to play.
According to the program, he still lives in a small town where he was born and lives like an ordinary local person even though he is a billionaire.
However, I've succeeded in losing weight byten kilogram within a half a year.
Actually, I like wearing smart clothing and want to be seen as having acool apearance but it is crucial for me to have a good, healthy body.
I am going shopping today andI can't wait.
I am looking for my own house these days.
So the principal decided to suspend the first grade class.
I haven't been here for more than a month because I didn't have a computer.
But I couldn't understand very well.
So, I am starting on the diet when I cook traditional Japanese food.
Today's menu is Udon and seaweed salad.
I was amazed that Japanese food really doesn't need oil.
I felt that I couldn't do that, so I remained standing.
On Halloween day, I joined the parade at 6 av in NY.
I want to have a more creative job.
Conditioner makes my difficult hair easy to comb.
Reading sections, especially the grammar section, were not very good.
I bought many souvenirs, for example, postcards, ornaments and a lot of tableware.
it takes ten minutes to get there by bicycle.
It was made using concrete, not wood like the other castles, so it is just a museum inside.
The foundation of this castle is a stone wall using a lot of big stones like other castles, but there are some huge stones here, like the second photo attached.
My ankle still aches a little: <
Tomorrow, I'll enjoy being with my family, playing game together and talking about something in traditional event days.
I'm worrying a lot these days.
Finally, they became friends.
I was frustrated.
After watching the movie we went to an Italian resturant and chatted a lot XD
They usually say ``happy Valentine's day``. But then I often feel annoyed because the day didn't belong to me.
But then other people messaged me ``happy Valentine's day, even though we don't love each other``. haha ~ ~ now I feel happy, even though I haven't** But I have some good friends. The last time, we went to Barbecue restaurant to eat a lot of different foods. And it's interesting, a group of obaasan (old women) were singing loudly and drinking next to us. They looked so happy that day. Just some old women, no roses, no chocolates, but happy all the same!
My holiday has been going so fast
collecting donations and taking them to the communities office before ten.
I saw an USPS driver throwing a package up onto the second-floor balcony of an apartment house!
To my dear friends who are living around the world now:
If you don't have that, I too suggest you find it out soon.
I hope you will be happy to finding a nice partner.
Anyway, the doctor (s) told me to get some more exercise (>_ <)
At the end of the month, we must submit our presentation to the chief executives.
Melbourne is good city to live but I hate Melbourne weather!
It's the last concert of university.
When people criticize it is hard..
The sports festival will be held next Friday.
I envy her because her English pronunciation was more fluent than when I saw her 1 month ago.
My department held a welcome party for new employees today.
I want to be a prischool teacher.
I'm in my friends room, in Yokohama, listening to music
Talking to him, I detected that my english was becoming poorer and poorer.
It is very important because there is a danger that a new product will eat into the share of the market `s existing products.
She told me that the company wanted to fill several manager positions with people from all areas of Japan, then she called again to tell me the day of the interview.
Today, I will answer a question.
The question is: ``When you're feeling sad, what do you to feel better?``
It takes 60 minutes to get there and 60 minutes to come back...
Ono was taken to a police station under suspicion of violating the (a?) Maintenance of Public Order Law.
The prosecution and the Court ratified the ``Black Trial`` made up by the Tokko Police.
Because it was so hot and humid, just staying at hotel was irritating enough.
However, there was a laser show that night.
But he is pretty cute to me.
I figured out the reason.
I think that they met their fiances, fell in love, knew each other well and decided to get married.
My older sister sent me a picture of her and her husband.
Recently, I began reading and listening through iphone.
English tutor said: ``You have to study grammar lessons.``
The main purpose of this trip is to attend a conference hosted by Microsoft Corporation at Microsoft Campus in Redmond near Seattle, but first, I'm going to Las Vegas today (for no special reason).
I want to join other class from this autumn, kind of gym, tennis, or something like that.
It was not too sunny yesterday and I didn't care if I became sunburned, but now my skin has become an awful red color.
I'm a Chinese girl who lives in Australia now.
This is my first time using this kind of website because my friend recommended it to me.
But I always do my best to communicate with foreigners by using as many expressions as I know.
I have never come into so difficult questions given as practice.
A few minutes ago, there was an announcement that the flight to Shenzhen will be delayed for about 2 hours.
My grandma said that holy ghosts protected me as guardians and kept their eyes on me at my birthday.
Actually, I finished all of my classes except an English Advance class.
When I lived in Japan, playing the piano and going to my favorite places with my husband were the best way for relieving stress,
Of course I like talking my friends, going shopping and so on.
Should CEOs be limit on salaries?
This theme is mentioned by that Wall Street provided complax financal products that led to recession on worldwide.
Of course I sent a message to my English teacher.
There is not a single cloud in the sky.
But I don't like to study grammar, so I always use few words with broken grammar.
Like every student in China, I have studied English for 10 years.
We went shopping and bought pants and a jacket.
This test is very important (no comma) because it is essential for me to be an exchange student between my university and Florida State University to study.
My cousin taught me how to see my friends 'sex and native language at Lang-8.
I can use skype& yahoo messenger!
We played soccer game and wii sports.
I have two ways to improve my vocabulary study; one is to read DUO 3. 0 books and the other is to read a simple English news site every day.
Recently, I haven't been studying English because I have been neglecting it every day.
But, I will start studying English again from today onwards.
I've taken care of the people who have depression, so I can handle them, but it was my first time treating a person with bipolar disorder.
Here in Japan there are many rain showers in the spring and autumn.
I'm looking forward to coming back here next time.
I want a Korean-Japanese dictionary to understand the words oftheir songs!
I'll stick to studying Englishin the future!!
My supervisor told me that it is tough to teach students English.
So she is cute.
The guy sitting next to me is bothering me.
There are Japanese, Korean, Brazilian and Chinese students in my class.
My teacher looks like Hagrid.
But to tell the truth, the reason why I love her is unexplainable.
I wish everyone a happy time on Valntine's day...
I remembered my trip to France three month ago:)
I have some questions.
When we take this examination, we are all very nervous because volunteers play the role of patients.
Then he died at 65 years old while I was in my first year of elementary school.
I posted my first diary half a month ago, but to my disappointment, it
After that, I went back home and cleaned. In the evening, I went out with my friend. He isn't my boyfriend yet. We've only known each other for one week,
I'm afraid that I might be falling in love!
I'm watching the Japanese movie ``Death Note`` on TV.
Both an investigator and the criminal who uses the notebook take center stage.
What do you think about Japanese car makers, for example, Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Mitsubishi and Mazda?
I read books for 10 minutes when my eyes feel sore, or I'll run outside to make my blood stream more active.
It's time to finish writing this entry because at this time, 8 p. m., I've got to walk around for exercise.
The books are ``The traveler's gift: seven decisions that determine personal success`` and ``Mastering the Seven Decisions that Determine Personal Success`` written by Andy Andrews.
After half of a day I received it by a deliveryman and read it immediately.
Finally I finished reading the book
I accepted the situation, and now I'm crazy about Lang-8 right beside them.
I couldn't calm down, so I hit the wall in a restroom in the station.
Yesterday, my sister and I went to the cinema and watched ``Gnomeo and Juliet``.
reflect: If the light from a mirror reflect to the paper, it burns. (I feel this sentence is weird but I don't know why:p)
defend: He tried to defend himself but everyone spoke at once, so he couldn't even say anything.
My parents and uncle visited a temple where she was buried.
My family is Buddist so we believe that the 49th day is
We had a religious service and prayed for her.
but I can't think of a serious topic so I decided to talk about techniques for men.
``Don't laugh!`` I said to him in English.
(Question:) Should cars be banned from city centers?
It leads global warming.
Dunno why, but I was cracking up badly lol
The band I saw is a Japanese band called Kirinji, which is not so famous even among Japanese.
It's sometimes not fun (to much pressure) doing work in my clinic.
I feel interested when they smile after I say something to them.
Let's try having fun (pleasure) in our day even if it is work!
The right picture is the second tea.
Wave dynamics, thermodynamics... (particularly WAVE) everything about physics makes me confused.
We've had studied English at least for 6 years.
My family is going to my grandmother's house.
Haha, I looked it up in the dictionary, but I couldn't catch the slight difference.
I can read English newspapers and books without big problems and have made a big improvement in listening,
I should learn more about grammar,
I cooked Tandoori chicken with my friends at a cooking class. Last week one of my friends said, ``Let's go to a cooking class together.`` I wanted to know how to cook Tandoori chicken. I decided to go to it.
And, the order, starting from closest the barin is; thecerebrum, the brain stem, which is a vital part in thecenter) spinal cord, whichis atthe end of the central nervous system) and peripheral nervous system, whichare the nerves below spine).
In Japan, I can't imagine all adults would wear helmets when they ride their mama chairs (?); that would be ridiculous.
But I don't forget to drink beer!
While she was out, I came into the house and hid in the box which my mother-in-law had prepared.
I switched/ turned on my favorite radio station.
So, I think that my post is finished.
It's my first text on this site.
so I baked a cake and made rice this morning.
I gave her a present for her birthday, which was 5 days ago.
I think that remembering other people's names and calling them by them is very important.
When it comes to remembering people's names, we try to make excuses saying ``I am busy with my own work, I don't have time to remember people's names``, or ``How can I remember everyone's name?``.
A leading actor is Sylvester Stallone, and he was the movie director, too.
Another actors were Jason Statham, Bruce Willis, and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently slid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.
I got up early this morning because it was terribly cold.
Ok, knowing that categorical vocabulary is getting more important than it was before, I take the responsiblity to memorize them with a more efficiency.
'' Was my brother reluctant to get up at three in the morning? ''
My major is international relations, and I want to be a diplomat.
In Japan, TV programs are highly developed and devised ``;`` or ``, and`` culture and languages can be shown through the device.
There were a lot of people coming from different countries.
I thought he was poorly taken care of.
I was surprised because I often parked there instead of parking in the parking lot by now.
I 't is weird because I don't see thered line marked along the street, I don't know why it is illegal to park there.
And the same day, I arrived at Heathrow, England.
Originally I'm not good at English, and additionally, Japanese people learn American English in school.
Maybe I saw Selena Gomez (After seeing her, I used ``google``, since I knew her name).
Last, I ate a delicious cake and that was the end of my birthday!!
I made an appointment with my friend, but she is not the same person from the chicken conversation.
They all said that the cabbage I cooked was delicious! It was a great success! They gave me the courage to learn more about cooking.
Though I study English a lot, my score is the worst score in decades.
I started studying English because I am a computer programmer.
I'm optimistic ha ha ha.
When we are learning foreign languages, we are liable to think that we shouldn't use our mother tongues often.
What makes our lives collapse is definitely negative thought.
So I was very excited when I read the news about Haneda airport, the closest airport to Tokyo, opening a new terminal for international flights.
They emerged from MySpace first, and recently they have become famous in Japan, I think because of her cuteness and some songs...
They must have felt more scared than me.
I have some flowerpots and a variety of flowers are planted in those.
Thanks for your reply a few lines.
If we recite a sutra once, we will live peacefully in the next world.
I found this site on AERA english and I'm interested in it because I am studying English now.
My husband has entered for a full marathon but he hasn't run such a long distance in his life!
I don't want to participate in any marathon definitely.
I remember how I got discouraged by my English teacher in cram school.
There, instructors always cheer me up when I can't say what I want to say.
I can learn what is wrong with my sentences and a more natural style of writing.
* Today I learned where can communicate with other country's friends.
* As English major student, I think I should learn English well, so I am reading an English book, 'Black Boy' by Richard Wright.
I couldn't understand all of the story, but I know approximately what this book is about.
Although I read the book slowly and don't understand all of it, someday I will be able to read fluently.
I believe that.
How about Britain??
There were many believers and tourists visiting the famous temple.
However, in high schools we can't choose the classes. That also includes middle and elementary schools.
And if we want to make high schools bigger, we have to build more construction and it will waste a lot of money.
Some iPod applications are very useful to me for learning more English vocabulary/ phrases and sentences.
Some example sentences are welcome.
I am a new employee in a company, and because my job may use English, I have to improve my English. When I was in school, I studied 6 years of English, but I have forgotten some.
Since then, intricate networks of power lines and utility poles have become prevalent in a short time with the increase in human residences.
Now the beauty of the neon from human civilization is are replacing that of the starlight here.
We went to an all you can eat restaurant, and the price was NT550 per person, which is equivalent to 15 us dollars.
Because the restaurant is so popular, we had to wait for like a half hour.
That Taiwanese guy asked my students's phone number, and she gave it to him.
I realized that I had wonderful friends and that I should enjoy anything that may happen.
It was not possible to go to Nanodee sea.
and I arrived at city after 30 minutes.
There was a lot of delicious food.
I have been waiting for ``twilight``.
I asked my friend for the audio books as souvenirs.
I will continue reading from page 52 tonight.
In addition, walking and hiking around parks and collecting flowers and plants are also a good example.
I saw many of my friends online.
article.
In addition, I have something to request of you. Can you share your experiences about learning Japanese?
I even forgot a lot of grammer.
I'm in such a good mood because my weekend was wonderful.
It's raining today, thus I'm so gloomy.
Since this morning, it has been raining outside.
We had some bread for breakfast.
I've decided not to use a translator for looking at how sentences should look.
I would keep dancing but I don't have enough money.
Accessories like rings, necklaces and bracelets, Hanbok, Korean traditional clothes, and more.
I feel so bad after getting angry.
Is he a clone of the armor pilot whose father is a heroic astranaut?
I had no plans to begin with, so I went to school to check if the exchange list and the exam schedule were available yet.
Returning home for the second time, we remembered that two of our friends have a birthday in the coming month.
We don't like them because they're good at sports (football, tennis, cycling...).
They eat horrible things such as jelly or pudding, one of the most horrific nightmares for a French person.
-Africans (black people in general): they are lazy, only good at athletics or football (but they're not technical, they only run).
French in general: it's agreed that we strike, criticise/ criticize, and moan too much.
And my car will be a total loss after test-driving it!
Its content is to improve the communication skills.
I was a system engineer in Japan, but I want to find another interesting job here.
I was so sleppy, I couldn't consentrate on the class.
But if you are in relationship and if you say to your friends that you are not going out with your boyfriend on Christmas holiday, they would think it is a little weird.
I registered on this site because I want learn English.
He acts like he really cares about the puppy in the computer.
He might want to say 'Hello I am a puppy nice to meet you':)
After checked in the hotel, I went to Union square to take part in a ride on a private cable car that took us to our diner restaurant.
It has been while since I last wrote here.
So please keep writing in here and I will continue to support you.
One of them brought insecticide and an antiseptic spray ttle, and he squirted and sprayed me.
They are crazy and make me frustrated!!
I watched a random episode of Friends and realized how much I loved the show when I was younger and I totally shipped (loved??) Ross& Rachel, because I always thought they belonged together.
I don't usually buy imported items because they are a bit pricier than regular items, but they were on sale.
Going to Italy ~
Today, I will introduce my favorite building ~ The great wall.
But I don't wanna be in this present situation.
Yesterday I was caught in a sudden shower when I went out with my girlfriend in Ginza.
Therefore, it encouraged me to communicate with others.
There were also a lot of people who had frequently spoken English, they could talk with others as what they wanted and express their thoughts and ideas clearly.
You can see that I'm totally not interested in what you are saying (those fucking business), and then you get pissed off and say that I have bad attitude.
I just found this site now accidentally, and I think it will help a lot with improving my English.
But to me, his English seems excellent.
The other ingredients are Tofu, cabbage, pork and mushrooms.** space after commas
Although a ``know it all`` is an ironical title, I still pursue to be one.
Hachi goes to the station with the professor every time, and from home to the station when hearing the sounds of the train.
Hachi never missed one train and never missed the professor.
He still never missed a train, though his master never appeared again.
One day, he finally goes to heaven to find his master.
I want to make friends all over the world.
But, nowadays I have began to say to them.
when we spoke, I couldn't help embrassing like stammer.
They were very beautiful and looked like big flowers.
Finally, Tegomass (which is a Japanese idol group) appeared on the stage.
Also, you should sit down at a seat near the door.
I often practice dancing with a mirror, but I can dance freely, using my practice, at nightclubs.
As a matter of fact, I spent about two to three hours talking to my friends on Skype and surfing the internet, so I didn't get enough sleep.
It couldn't be helped.
At least I can say I didn't waste my time thinking about the things that could never change.
I work as a private tutor for students.
Today, I'm very angry because a my unitersity's student break of traffic rules.
Today I registered for a Lang-8 account.
I work for a Japanese restaurant as a waitress.
Oh my God, It costed 80 thousand Vietnam Dong.
Luckily, I found a quite cute pig with a cheap price, just 10 thousand Vietnam Dong.
This week is very hard for me, because I have part time job on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, I plan to play on Thursday, and go Kyoto on Friday. (^ ^)* Of course, I have class. so I must study.
I watch SESAME STREET podcast on my ipod in English.
my reasons to study english
so I have to acquire good English communication skills in order to work well.
My plan to study english is to write English compositions and watch DVDs of ``FRENDS,`` which I heard is an interesting comedy in English, everyday day.
In spring every year, Japanese hold parties in which they welcome freshmen.
Some get too drunk and misbehave. They can be seen shouting and urinating in the street, while breaking signboards, and so on.
A few days ago, a drunk celebrity was arrested on a charge of indecent exposure, but many people put their signatures on a petition.
Kiyomiya, a very famous Japanese professional rugby team director.
I know of one great japanese restaurant in shanghai.
My feelings were a little bit complicated because I didn't study very hard so I wonder if I should go up or not...
He is shy, so I thought he might hate me.
(= this means grandmother) ``, and hugged her.
The memo's contents are life, daily, work and so on.
I hope I can learn more English and share my life.
Oh, I don't have time now.
There are many dishes and many things such as chopsticks and so on.
One of my friends is going back her own country at the end of October.
I will introduce you an interesting article in the morning papers.
I am watching 'Ponyo' created by Miyazaki Hayao on TV.
After lunch we strolled along asmall street.
I became a member of ``Lang-8`` today.
American Yahoo's account
I would strongly recommend that you go make an account too.
Then, when I started an application ``S/ W`` to make a design for cards, I
noticed the address data or information was missing.
the addresses again.
But my cellphone didn't ring.
Other contestants recited formal speeches, for example some presidents 'speeches.
I thought my recitation was out of place but one of the professors said it was good because everyone knows the story.
When I was a student at university, I climbed it two times.
I'm excited and feel a little uneasy.
At the end, they played at Carnegie Hall.
Thus I always wear contact lens
In Japan, most high school students wear loafers to school. (``when they go`` is not necessary.)
This is the second time I write a diary.
I can go anywhere I want.
I couldn't find any empty seats so next time I will come into the class earlier.
I am fed up with arguing about problems.
It is first time I have gone to the mexican restaurant.
Sometimes, I dream of speaking english fluently.
The lake water was glowing and shimmering.
The graduation ceremony of our university takes place on March 17.
Each of our club students traditionally/ usually write comments on a large graduation card to each student every year.
Because we have common topics and talked very well before.
I told them I would sign off soon.
I'm not good at electronic stuffs... so now I'm fighting with them.
I wish that all the world's problems could be solved like children's way of thinking, naive and simple.
Today, I began Lang-8!
Little Amy was fearful.
I worried about what should I write on here mainly.
Exotic Zest
Oh, I have a feeling no one gives them to her...
My grade is not good enough at all.
So I try to keep a close eye on the hall and the customers.
So I couldn't concentrate on the customers.
My Vietnamese colleague asked me to go to a karaoke shop and I went to karaoke.
So, I need to write jornal about this, and post? other? web site or make somefor notice it.
Recent, I wrote on lang-8, but lang-8 didn't receive it.
That result worries me!
My husband and I went to a hot spring last weekend.
Anyway I took the English conversation class yesterday and I was so dissappointed because I found thatI could no longer speak like I could when I was in Canada.
and of course I have to answer them in English.
If you found any mistakes or kinda correct but awkward expressions, please correct them.
I hope I don't commit errors, otherwise I will have to recover with your corrections.
I'm not sure how I can make this a sentence if I want to talk about this topic.
I'm attending school to be a jJapanese teacher for foreigners.
So when I get the skill, I can teach anywhere in the world!!
So, I can bite him from the tail, better than having had eaten him from the head.
I almost lost my life, but at I last defeated any diffiy and caught my life again.
I will visit the US next year so I need to know more about the US culture.
It's different from Japanese culture.
I haven't experienced giving tips to a staff.
The Korean woman who served him in the small restaurant was probably surprised because, usually, Koreans don `t expect an expat to speak Korean fluently.
Unfortunately there is no chili papper Kimbap on the vast list of this restaurant though.
He told me that the spa is becoming popular in the Filippines.
I finished giving a Halloween lesson in my classroom even though Halloween has not happened yet.
It was popular with the mothers, but the little kids didn't know what a sisiter was.
Some students had thought she was a ghost so they felt like crying.
There are 2 months left until this year is finished.
It is never pleasing or proud to hear that the origin of your name came from an advertisement copy!
``Whenever I call your name, I feel like my tongue rolls smoothly.
I went to ``Dockland`` where there was a shopping centre.
I loveher so much but I can't meet her in real life.
But I could not do anything about it.
I couldn't believe it.
Although I filed a complaint against him, I didn't feel good.
When I get stressed, I will take a bath for a long time or I will watch a movie.
I prefer comedy movies to action movies.
It is fun to watch if there are unknown actors in the movie.
I wonder what he means exactly...
Second, I jogged 5 miles this morning and practised golfing in the driving range for 3 hours.
The scenery was so beautiful and there were wonderful buildings in Disneysea.
Because we were there from opening to closing time, my legs hurt.
That night, we had a lot of fun talking.
We had a really good time, even though we were tired.
I remembered the theme song of Halloween.
Because her birthday was coming soon, we gave her a dinner ticket for that night.
It seems like the inside exposure's damage can be lowered by taking iodine as it helps the body excrete harmful chemicals.
but please don't take this too seriously.
I have loved a boyfriend until recently.
Of course we feel a sense of alienation when we see foreigners at airports, other countries or our towns.
Imagine if your country was a small island and if English is spoken in only your country; it would be a big handicap for you guys.
But of course they only spoke English while we were drinking, so I could not join the conversation.
The cheaper price and the better quality are the characteristic of our center canteen.
I like studying other languages because I can meet a lot of people and learn about the world (?).
The things that happened last night didn't arise from the differences of our cultures but were personal matters, I think;-)
But our American friends couldn't understand her feelings (of course, they didn't understand Japanese).
I think it is natural that this happens and it is interesting to communicate with someone who is from a different country.
Anyway, I am turning 20 this month.
But I figured out the view of the town is so amazing!!
twice, and been to 4 cities, Pheonix, Chicago, Washington.
When I had some opportunities to speak in English, my Japanese supervisor was in the audience and said ``You said a water and forgot to add s to he want`` and so on after every one of my speeches.
I became more nervous about doing speeches in front of him.
hey guys, it's my first time in here, I am so happy to know you guys to help me to learn English.
In thinking about languages, I am always haunted by my enormously ambivalent emotions.
Thanks a lot.
His wife is a Japanese.
One of my cool Japanese friend told me about this website.
Fireflies.
My favorite person, Kudo-san, is from Iwate.
At my school, I have a Venuzuelan friend.
Everything About Me:)
Especially on festivals and weekends, KTV is almost the premier gathering place for young people.
So scary:-(
After we left the shop, we went to two other shops and only looked for something in the shops.
By the way, I'm going to Spain, France, and Italy next month.
The reason why I spoke so loudly was that I wanted everyone to be able to hear me no matter which corner they were in.
Anyway, I enjoyed it.
Yesterday it was rainy, but I took them to the doctor.
My daughter didn't like theENTdoc.
She didn't sit still and cried, so I had to hold her whilethe doctor examinedher ears.
They pester me to go outsideeven though I play with them, suggest new games, give them new DVDs, new snacks, and so on.
I began studying English two months ago because I want to go abroad to study it.
I hope I will have a permanent dream.
I started this job in January.
I have to communicate with customers and take care of them.
I have confidence working with people, but selling is not just about communication.
In fact,_ I am crying as I read his mail ``
We had two visitors from Vietnam at my home.
I watched the news yesterday and I heard that there are many people in the world affected by this influenza, and also there is one person who visited Mexico and guessed having this disease in our country,
My daughter slept by my side (last night).
So, I always feel sleepy...
I forgot the timetable was changed from usual day.
Unfortunately, I was eating lunch in the park so I was 10 minutes late.
I `m not sleeping, because I am trying to translate my favorite songs.
In the x-ray, he and the doctor could see one earring.
Actually, I'm pregnant and often have morning sickness, so I felt gloomy before the wedding.
I hope I will be a top salesperson.
I'm great because I keep memorizing boring words.
I'd never played tennis before I took the class, but the coach teaches me how to play step-by-step, so I'm getting better.
LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT (part 2)
I think the theater will be crowded this weekend because of ``Avatar`` fever.
I believe ``Avatar`` will reinvigorate me with its visual technology and emotional story.
I'm learning new information that I didn't know
although I memorize that, I can't make use of it.
The differences between America's and Japan 'sabaut traffic rules
When I came home, the game had just just finished...
So, probably I will have internet there, too!
They are learning Japanease in uni, so they practice Japanease with me, and we Japanese exchange students practice English with them!!
My name is Frank, and I am Chinese. I live in the Guangdong Province with my family.
I graduated from the university 2 years ago.
Since all the groups would probably be using Powerpoint, I went to the electronics store to buy it with no worries,
My concern was the compatibility of the English software with my Japanese OS.
There have very beautiful traditional Japanese gardens.
But whenever I meet my friends,
But I don't have any complaints.
I really enjoyed my home life because of my email (?) friends.
I don't want to go out, I don't want to cook, I don't want to study.
All of my friends will spend long 4-days vacation in their hometown except for international students who can `t go back their own country.
They are not vegetarian.
When I read about this website, I couldn't believe that someone would help me and correct my mistakes for free.
If anybody of you are interested in the history or geography of my country or city-please write to me-I will do my best to help you.
That's why I researched some local tours through the internet and some books.
I sometimes teach students Japanese and Mathematics.
My favourite articles are about the international life, design, and fashion.
They throng to pub on Friday night to sing a song, play an instruments, and, of course, drink a beer.
During summer quarter, I took an ESL (an abbreviation of English as a Second Language) class.
The main activity of this circle is organizing what is called ``IW (International Week)``.
Let me explain, my university cooperates with foreign ones.
I'm sorry for long sentences...
After that, we dated a few times and I was a little confused about our relationship.
In chinese, relationship has a wider meaning than in English.
Fortunately, his skill was not that good and I just can't enjoy it that much to lose my mind. (Is there anyone who is under 18 here?)
He asked me do I know anyone who would go to Japan, and can buy Japanese cigarettes for him.
I helped him to get the cigarettes so he should come to see me to take them.
First let me introduce myself.
Although I am interested in English, I am still not good at it.
Actually I have a good enviroment to learn English--I study in an International college.
Almost all of my teachers are foreigners.
I am a college student and my major is informatics and communication.
I want to learn English to study computer languages and technology.
I look forward to seeing your correction.
Actually I graduated from Seoul Women's University about two years ago, but it's near my house so I see it almost everyday..
Bahrom Education, teaches people to share and learn important things with others, like philosophy, etiquette, religion (christianity) and even the history of SWU. Classes include group discussions, performances or individual learning.
After 30 minutes of walking, I felt tired.
Although, I don't really have to go to bed right now.
I like a movie in which I discover and solve some mysteries with the main character, so I was unhappy with this movie.
Actually, sometimes old eggs cause food poisoning like salmonella,
I am pleased to meet you.
Tomorrow and the day after I am going to visit Miyagi prefecture in Japan, where there was severe damage from the huge tsunami that happened in the last 11 March.
I have had two jobs for two and half years. this is more natural.
His act was illegal of course, but was it so serious a crime that investigation of his house was necessary?
Then, I happened to think, ``It's unusual for me to eat bread for breakfast``.
It's unusual in Japan, because there are rice cookers in all the houses in Japan.
I bought my new Windows PC for mobile last Thursday.
Yet weather forecast said it would be snowy today.
We usually start to study English from junior high school as a part of compulsory education.
But the native English teacher speaks fast instinctively.
In Japan, it is very popular for girls wear them at a fireworks display.
We did some sightseeing, had lunch, and bought seafood, such as crab and flatfish, there.
So I keep on studying!
It's just nothing else than a program which is displaying us the flashcards and making sure that we are learning them.
You may also ask, 'what the hell are the flashcards'?
I don't even have the strength to go prepare myself tea.
I have a bad headache recently, so I can't easily think in other languages.
I want to be able to write fluently and quickly...
Please teach me the meaning.
I have to get my license by April, so I'm learning how to drive.
I'd like to talk and debate with my kid (child) in English in the future.
Sorry I can't write anymore cuz I'm so fuckin 'sleepy right now.
I worried about getting fat because I put sugar and milk in coffee.
After graduating junior high school, I joined the Japan Air Self Defence Force.
Today I had an appointment with my friend.
I've just finished writing my lyrics! Please read!
I'm going to go my friend's wedding, and I'll congrate her.
It's famous for it's peaceful village atmosphere.
I didn't even realize that the HALLS were making my stomach ache worse.
To my sadness, villains certainly do exist in all societies.
Recently, I am tired because of work.
However I was able to understand her by watching her body language..
I got out of bed, and opened the curtains.
I finally got a day off.
I am a cook, but also a student in university.
I still have lot of things to write but the things above can describe my feelings for Zidane.
I haven't written in my journal for one month already.
It's delicious!!!
because you are a japanese, you can get huge income.
But I think going on a trip on Christmas is a good idea, because you can enjoy illumination for Christmas in a place you have never been and also sight seeing.
Yesterday, I read an article about ``Lang-8`` on the Internet.
She also sometimes stays at school until 9 p. m. working on the project.
If you say yes, you're a person who likes adventure and lives now!
He hit his head on the ceiling hard and gave himself a concussion.
HI I'm an Italian girl, studying English in Melbourne. I studied in Pisa, but I'm Calabrian.
One of my friends called me this evening and told me one of my friends from high school was dead. It was difficult for me to accept the news even though she was not one of my close friends. However, I used to copy her homework before exams, and go to her house. We liked to sing songs and go shopping. I didn't think she would leave my life so soon like this. I am sad.
My idea through my experiences is that work requiring brainpower (like studying something) in the morning is much more efficient and effective than in the evening, keeping away from sleep.
I don't want to stop challenging myself.
Yestereve, I helped my friends write compositions until 3am.
So I'm so tired today.
Many people who can speak English fluently are introduced in the book.
I was happy because I got him smiling!
Actually I've been going with my girlfriend since my time as a student teacher.
So I hesitated to go there, but today I decided to go because it is fine and cool day today.
I'm happy to have 3 friends on Skype.
The island was so wonderful, and from that time, my dream has been to live in Hawaii in the future.
I have decided to go on a working holiday in Australia.
If you speak English and maybe interested in Russia, or the Russian language I guess you'll have something to talk with me about.
I'm a college student in Japan, and I'm going to go to Vnacouver this April.
when you go to different countries, you will learn more about your own country than about the others.
I've been meeting Japanese learners through internet and they are very good at writing Japanese on text chats, even though they are very young.
attend: I decided to attend the language school in Umeda.
occupy: In this company women occupy 60 percant of the executive officerpositions.
concentrate: I was scolded by the teacher and told to concentrate on the class.
pursue: Humans have been pursuing the truth but only few people have found it.
First, I want to take a city-tour bus in Seoul.
It's famous for a huge bamboo forest and a metasequoia road where metasequoia trees are planted along side of the road.
I'm learning English to communicate to foreign people.
Please check my sentences and pick up on my mistakes
I planted sweet potato last Sundy I also planted cucumber, eggplant, tomato, corn and watermelon.
I'm looking forward to a big harvest.
Everything is nd beyond my imagination.
That'd be because, when I study by myself, I can proceed my own pace, and so I don't need to wait for other amateur users that are less skilled than me.
``Pirates of the Carribean: On Stranger Tides`` was also exciting.
Eventually, I stayed with my friend.
I bought pasta, iced tea and a chicken and rice casserole.
I want to study English by using this coool website!
Actually, I'm not good at speaking or listening to English.
So yeterday I looked fearfully at the scales.
Also I am willing to reduce by diet
The way America killed bin Laden doesn't reflect the democratic face of America.
The way they used instead reflects an undemocratic face of America.
Oh, America if you call for respecting human rights and human dignity, why did you throw bin Laden `s corpse in the sea as if he was an animal instead of a human being.
It's so expensive.
Am I too serious? Definitely yes> <
is a good night
I am on the computer, my family is asleep beacuse is late at night!!...
We live near Zi Jing mountain.
This is my first time on this site, I'm excited!
I seem to have no talent for learning foreign languages.
Today, I made some friends. ^ ^
Recently, learning English makes me very tired,
but talking with friends in English is very fun and it makes me
How do you spend the valentine's day in your countries?
I will take the TOEFL test before long, so I am going to practice for the TOEFL Writing Test.
First, we were divided into two teams.
Of course, the team being questioned had to answer quickly (too).
I've spent my time drinking with friends and watching American dramas.
Today, I just found myself watching an America drama again!!
I met some foreigners and many students who also want to practice their language skills.
Sometimes some people asked me questions, but I didn't respond to all of the questions because I wasn't sure what was said.
I remember that I didn't speak any words expect ``sorry`` when I first came to here, what's more, I didn't know any of their dailog, but I can ask some questions and can communicate with others in English in here.
I have no friends to study English with here.
We went to a library to study until 4 in the afternoon.
Our heartbeat was the rhythm that made us connected, and we were dreaming together about this new life we'd live.
I'm working as a cram school teacher and I'm good at Japanese ^ ^
As interesting as these activities are, some people still regard Ghost Month as an unlucky month; hence some people keep out of the water, some go to temples every day, and some are very wary of what they do and say
Oh ~ My ~ God!!
I've made a dress for my daughter.
I have made my daughter's dress which is pale yellow because she wants to be a princess too.
Their dance is very energetic and I think it would give others a power when they saw it.
The two brothers are very vigorous and their mom says they have fights constantly with each other.
We made an appointment to meet at a cafe near my house.
We arrived at the cafe at the same time; 10 minutes before our lesson was to begin.
So I want to learn this very important information.
Because I watched it a lot of times before.
Recently the weather is so bad.
According to the weather news, a typhoon caused this rain.
(the PlayStation3 has individual e-mail addresses) [remove the period]
So I was a little bit disappointed.
About the mine accident in Chile
At first, I_ was happy and impressesd by the news that all the miners have been rescued.
After that, I felt a little strange.
Why did Chile govornment agree to re-digging such a dangeorous mine without the appropriate research?
I believe learning languages is the same as learning another world.
There were many beautiful, big, traditional buildings.
All of the food was fantastic!!!
I wondered if I was a princess.
It was I inconvenient, but I thought it was actually kind of funny.
I have read another piece of news just now; according to this, at least 51 people were confirmed dead due to ``Ondoy`` storms and 280000 displaced due to the flood.
In the beginning, I was at a loss.
3) My another partner, who is an American-Born Chinese, told me that he was busy typing a menu for a restaurant.
I had a bit of trouble when I attempted to sign up the forum.
The song was used as background music for a documentary of The Olympic Games in Grenoble.
Maybe I'm still scared of the feeling of losing him, someone who was very precious to me.
I got myTOEIC results.
Sportsday is going to be held at my son's preschool next week.
Because I did not get up early.
Please check my diary
I also met new friends, a Japanese woman and a German man in Zurich.
Yesterday, I had an English lesson where we talked about abortion using an article titled, ``Obama Lifts Ban on Abortion Funds.``
So, please talk with me on Skype.
has taught me to stay whole.
How I miss the days when I speak Cantonese and proudly take people speaking Mandarin as outsiders
Yesterday, I bought a video game.
There is only one cabinet competing so it'll automatically win
At the checkout, a cashier told me that ``this is for display, not for selling.`` Then, I had to go back to get another dish set.
She had had no children but she had enjoyed her life with working, hobbies, and socializing.
(For Chinese factories, Christmas isn't a holiday)
They were very sweet and delicious.
My first diary in English for you
So I intend to write regularly.
If possible, I want you to correct my diary and know about Japan or Japanese.
I roast it with garlic and put added some basil sauce.
Marina became a famous language teacher and her website hit more than 100 million.
I'm always wondering if my English is natural or not.
I had tea with the participants after this class.
I had a good time because we talked about systems of studying English.
We decided to get a construction company repair them.
I was stuck in the tube for 40 minutes and had to abandon the Picadilly line.
I couldn't understand why she chose that place., and I didn 't
I want to become friends with those who are learning Japanese.
its been a long time since I spoke english, because I'm studying japanese in dalian, the beautiful city in northeast china.
there are many interesting things and delicious food in my homeland, especially hot food, pandas, and lots of good indie music.
Yesterday I started PickupPhone study.
So, I think we should keep and preserve our old buildings because of our culture and historical legacy.
It's a big decision and quite a challenge for me.
Now I'm worrying about homestay
I am always looking at my co-workers and following in their footsteps.
Brown is my natural color; my mother's hair is the same color, too.
``No, I haven't! It's natural, honestly!``
Each time I got a scolding, I grew more tired of it.
I hardly understood what my teachers said during my online English lesson.
Freedom!
On hot days, I need a handkerchief because I'm very sensitive to heat.
Tonight, I drank a little alcohol with my co-worker near our office.
Today, we changed the world.
According to my Singaporean friends, in Singapore, a flight attendant is a not high standard job at all.
For Singaporeans, flight attendants are just servants or something.
And we promised to help each other with our language learning.
Now I can write in my diary in English, on my PC.
For instance, ``I graduated from Waseda university (it is the very famous Japanese university)`` ``I studied hard, for theentry examinations`` ``I did not study that much when I was a student`` (But this guy graduated from a famous Japanese university).
We were looking forward to having a special dinner at your restaurant.
Recently, I was surprised by the financial results of a certain company.
This weekend, I will play football, as/ because I am looking forward to participate in a soccer festival.
Recently, I've been interested in diet, learning English, the Internet, and shopping.
I am studying at the Tokyo Institute of Technology. (another option)
Im tired because writing in English is very difficult for me...
There is fireworks display today.
But the whether takes a turn for the worst.
Sometimes, foreign customers come at KFC.
Finally, should I say anything?
Because I often think ``I want to some sweet coffee!``
complain: I complained to my teacher about the scope of the test.
hate: I hate insects, particularly cockroaches.
despise: I despise people who think money is everything.
worry: You don't have to worry about your health, you're healthy enough.
I felt very comfortable.
I booked the tickets for the 9o 'clock ferry the previous day, so I left our home early so I would not miss it.
I asked strangers if there were another way I could get there, furthermore I ran at both the platform and the road, finally I reached the ferry station almost too late.
I couldn't climb the stairway to the crown because it was already fully booked into next September. But I spent much time there, and I learned more of the history of America than I knew before.
A lot of celebrities have gone there.
I said, ``What a beautiful view.``
but I couldn't find any difference between religion people and non religious people..
, I was so surprised that some developing countries donated relief and condolence money.
So, I've been eating a powdery fermentation cabbage (It's a powdery TSUKEMONO) for 2 weeks.
I've been here for one and half years.
But unfortunately, as well as no interview, there was no reply for my application.
thanks for your comments on my previous journal.
I want to compare the two great religions as there are many differences between them...
however, after many years becoming an apprentice, he found it difficult to lose his worldly desires and he decided to leave his master.
I sometimes watch METAL GEAR SOLID 4 videos on youtube these days.
which may be difficult for foreigners to understand.
Soccer? Football?
The American soccer team is also very strong.
Some people were hoeing and fertilizing the soil and some were watering their plots.
Last time I put a mark on the juice's label, and I looked at this mark and thought that they drank at least 400ml.
If you want to know about Korea, please contact me.
the lady uses a marker to mark two dots on my ear, and then (she) just uses the piercing gun to poke two holes.
although it looks like it's very painfull, I just feel a little bit itchy.
thanks to alicia for acompaning me to the piercing shop.
In1803, Thomas Jefferson, the 3rd president, purchased the great wild west for about $ 15 million from France because it doubled America's land mass and would provide rich natural resouces as well as great farmland.
Maybe it seems like no big deal to most of you, but since I'm now studying in Japan, (and the Japanese are so difficult to understand), I must be careful about everything I do.
At the end of each semester, the teacher asks us to write something about the lectures: advice, suggestions or even just some opinions.
It may not look very strange in English, but I am really not sure if it sounds like a compliment (in Japanese) to the Japanese teacher, who really did do a good job.
Some people think that the death penalty is the best way to punish murderers.
Survivors must want murderers to live so they can reflect on their cruel actions.
I am going to go Beijing to present my research results in English before the end of November.
The title of the book is ``How to Walk in the World``.
I recommend you to have the book; however, do not read it all, because if you know everything about the trip, the trip becomes less interesting.
Anyway, Washington will be rainy or snowy.....
Today, I'm going to watch an American movie to help me learn (study) English.
The genre that I want to watch is either 'melodrama' or 'comedy'.
and, I did drank vanilla latte at Java city Coffee
I love coffee ~ very very much
I've just found this lang-8 place today and registered right now.
Actually, I was worried about this thing.
so when I knew that it was not my mistake, I was relieved, at the same time, I am now aware to be very careful not to do that again.
To find the best friend is very difficult.
A lot of people don `t have friends, and me too/ and neither do I.
Children like to play pranks on people on this day.
In other words, It had become a piece of garbage.
There are many things affecting the world like air pollution, climate change, environmental pollution, the destruction of the ozone layer, and the clearing of the forests.....
And every year we suffer many natural disasters like earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, volcanic eruptions, and tsunamis. And they unfortunately kill millions of people.
Mastering Natural Expression
Recently I met with a friend who is living and working in Vancouver.
Why did I have an interest in America?
And also, I felt like I came to a different country like a resort:) haha
By the way, it's difficult for me to figure out the differnce when I use the same verb but with different prepositions.
Because he appears to have been on bad terms with the executives like the front staff, owner and so on for the last few years.
I work with free medical insurance. If a person's income is low, they can qualify for free insurance.
It includes coverage for medical prescriptions, dental, vision and emergency care.
I realized that even if people live in different countries, they learnthe same important things.
It is liquid and it contains necessary nutrition.
I am sad that I don't have a lot of sophisticated (sp) writing skills.
Tomorrow, I'm going to practice drums and English!
Study!!
I'll study English a little by little...
I pre-orderd a concert ticket for a front row seat.
I'll go to the mountain regularly every morning!
I'm a Brazilian, I've studying English for 3 years and I just noticed that my English is not as good as I thought.
Whether or not we have a lover in the future, we'll still support and encourage each other.
And, bilingual people usually say that you should reject Japanese when you're learning English.
So, if you meet an incomprehensible word, you should search in an English-English dictionary.
But, I can't write or speak English without using a Japanese-English dictionary.
Learning a foreign language is hard.
It has a very comfortable room, gim area, and spa.
In villages, farmers are very poor. They need clear water and livestock.
But if some factories just emit dirty water, its not good for people's health.
My country needs to care more of its people's welfare, and not focus only on good things.
Of course, if you tweet in English, follow me, and I will be more than willing to follow you too.:)
Rumor has it that the first year of college is the most comfortable one, but somehow, I think I was cheated.
I have strange habit of going to Odawara castle every day.
I take the first or second Tokaido train from Hiratsuka.
Recently another person took the place of our president,
so his prediction wasn't realized.
It's located in Kyushu.
I should study harder.
The lecturer gave those attending the task of discussing the government's new policy that English classes should be taken by native English-language speakers only.
He arranged us into small groups, so that I ended up talking to two people who are English-language teachers.
I heard that in Finland there are no textbooks, so I was so curious to learn how the Finns could be so sucessful without textbooks.
The students in my class are clearly bored and I too find the learning experience unenjoyable. Especially when the stories in the textbook are so dull. Wouldn't it be better, in such a case, to have no textbooks at all?
They're farmers.
Currently they preparing for planting rice.
The price in the restaurant is fivefold more expensive than general Taiwanese diners.
Yesterday, I felt sick because I got drunk.
Suddenly, I realized that I had been a college student at that moment, and I would start a new stage in my life.
I went to the library after the test.
I'll go to Okinawa this coming Sunday with my school friends.
But, because I'm shy it was so difficult to make friends there...
I managed to talk with some people.
my listening and speaking skills are not good..
we have learned only grammar or reading...
I've been writing very simple sentences, but it takes a long time for me to make them 'cause I'm not used to doing it.
The tomato jolted in the basket, it makes made tomato juice.
Sometimes customers scold me.
I have a friend who lives in Hawaii.
After that, he went to Hawaii.
He has lived in Hawaii for 9 years.
The question is whether we should eliminate the one child policy.
I always regard her as my anti, although she is Vietnamese.
Indeed, why do I learn the languages, if I have no one to communicate with it?
I'm fond of music, espesualy, of Folk-music.
I'm Japanese but I feel that I must learn the Japanese language even more.
He has to stay at home and I can't be near to him because it's only been 20 days since my operation: <I feel guilty and I really miss him: <
Where is the sunshine going?
Of course, I am really happy that we realized that we loved each other though.
Yesterday, we had a translating class and it was exciting for us.
In the class, we learnd how to translate texts from English into Vietnamese and vice versa.
So far, when I read something in English, I can understand them if they are on the fields that we have been touched.
So if I am not good at my own language, it will be even more difficult for me to be good at other languages.
long time boarding is very tough for me, but I had to take a bus after arriving in Tokyo to go to my hometown, Sendai.
We are planning to meet sometime, as we are living in different places.
As you know, we have a new president, government, and a new coalition.
Since 7 people are using my stuff, the roll of paper towels is diminishing fast.
so I was jittery when we couldn't park there.
Besides I've been expecting a package and letter from another place in Japan which has been delayed
TRY-WORKS conducted questionnaires on the web and the street to ask girls about which character was the cutest.
They were sold at game arcades as a prize, and Kapibara-san became the most popular character of all the prototypes.
He became a big hit among girls, and he has kept his popularity ever since.
I am currently studying at Gifu National College of Technology.
My favorite sport is snow board.
She `s sooo cute, especially when she makes Homer chew on her pacifier by force.
A patient came into my clinic 3 minutes before consultation hours ended.
But nobody commented on my diary.
They're very nice but later, my legs ached.
This holiday has many days together. I enjoy staying at home with my family.
He loves Disney, so I wanted to send a Disney one. However I couldn't find one.
It was my first time going to a job interview in English.
I'm wondering if the sentences below have any differences.
I studied English at school, but I never did learn it.
I finished my bachelor's at the beginning of the year.
I almost forgot all the words and grammar.
Just because they are so yummy, they become others 'prey including ours.
Suddenly I felt sad about quitting this job.
The author of this book is genious or god indeed.
Since I was brought up in a poor family, living without worrying about money has been very important for me.
We gossiped about our boring routines and talked about some interesting things, like the Casino.
I've wanted to have as many friends as possible worldwide, because I believe being friends with them broadens my sense of view by sharing our opinion about things!
Because of this, when we went out last weekend, I kind of got lost in Harajyuku and believe it or not, he led me to the right direction.
When I came back home and opened it, I just went insane..
I decided to make a plan in order not to waste the time left.
So I would like to keep writing and speaking English.
My grandmother gin to has started going senile.
I have finished (watching) Gossip Girl season 1 on DVD.
Since yesterday, I began to study English by myself! First, I read and recite words.
At first I didn't know the cause of this riot, as Japanese TV station didn't report the details.
Today, I saw my psychiatrist because of my depression disease.
So unfortunately, my depression disease is getting worse,.
first diary
I'm so happy, even though it was expensive.
But I thought the tiger one was cuter than the lion one, so I chose the tiger.
My address is on my profile.
They don't like me because I was put in charge of an important project and I'm much younger than them.
She was my friend when I was in elementary school.
I saw ``The Blind Side`` yesterday.
I've been eagerly expecting this parcel from my parents.
These days the temperature is always 25 to 35 degrees.
I'm learning conversational English through the Internet.
Althought it is a site that focusses on children (the books are divided in three categories: from three to six year old children, from six to ten, and from ten to thirteen years old), there are many different types of books and in many different sizes, so I think it is a good way (for us) to increase our vocabulary in a second language. [too long]
Alice runs after the rabbit and disappears after it, into a hole in her backyard.
Unlike foreigner, people like going to the beach, having picnic or outdoor activities.
All in all, I think that both inventions are good but the Internet has more advantages.
If I eat an ice cream every time I feel it's hot, I might gain some weight: ')
is really bad especially writing T_ T
I'm trying to talk English and listening to English every day.
The title was ``Science Allergy``
We Asians performed a play (or skit). To tell you the truth, I didn't really perform.
At lunch time, I was talking with a manager.
Anyway, I recommend that you should watch this movie!
First diary
I am a beginner.
The people who will attend Zufar's class are better than I am, and I think
I think one person only has one life, we should cherish our life, and live happily.
I saw a movie which is called Harry potter.
Today was the last day of my course and I received a certificate.
They are famous in Osaka, where I was originally from.
I have always been a girl who really likes to smile.
(There are two types of Zorb. In one, you can grab the handles inside the compartment or you're fixed with your arms and feet and there's no water. In the other, the ``hydro zorb``, there are three or four buckets of water in the compartment.
But, sometimes I am dying to eat a lot of junk food like pizza, chips, and burgers.
Yesterday I picked some.
As long as I am writing this, I suppose that I have to withstand biases (or comments) from other people.
Today, I'm going to write about yesterday.
I always eat food carefully and with gratitude.
I have heard that a reusable grocery bag from TRADER JOE 'S is very popular in Japan.
I feel this way strongly, especially when I feel insecure, like when I walk alone at night.
As soon as I realized that I was being chased, he grabbed my neck and choked it until I passed out.
But in 30 minutes 'time/ But 30 minutes later, I was almost dying in the river.
She's a golden-retriever that is very pretty, cute, and clever.
Moreover, I didn't take charge of the register today.
I'm studying English and Spanish.
Now I'm considering applying for the Fashion Designing Course at the Central Saint Martins in London.
By the way, I have been interested in Spanish since before I entered my high school.
It's nice, because it was made so that we can learn it in 30 days!
But I don't believe it, because I cannot speak English very well even though I have studied it for long time X (
Despite a strictJapanese society, I feel happy whenever I have dinner with my family.
We shouldn't label it right or wrong, but explore it in depth.
There was a terrible typhoon.
Hello, everyone. I'm a new member of the lang-8 community, I find that this is a very interesting site. I'm not restricted to only learning English, but I can learn Korean or Japanese as well.
He is a very powerful man.
When I was little, I watched the Gundam series as well, but even women and young boys died easilyin each episode. I finally stopped watching halfway because of depression lol
In order to save money I decided to ask my parents for some books I've wanted to read for a long time. (I'm also a little chubby; that's another reason why I would rather read a book than eat chocolate...):D Yesterday I bought them.
In many cases, which is even more disappointing, typhoons cause landslides on weekends, just screwing up our nice Sunday.
I felt that they deliberately come on weekends.
In recent days I feel good to drink hot green tea,
some interesting things.
Learning English alone makes me feel that English is so hard.
I answered my boss, I'm your ``right elbow`` or rather ``right arm``.
Last time, I mentioned my undergraduate days.
Actually, the women's college from which I graduated is in Kyoto.
It is a pretty historical and mysterious place.
I have heard that Kyoto's central city is being protected by a magic square.
In the Heian era, a noble women who was very jealous
I arrived in Canada in april.
Other sources say that children who have imaginary friends may have advantages in terms of language ability and other intellectual functions.
I suppose that this is a difficult problem.
In winter holiday two big events are celebrated, Christmas and happy new year.
I can't drink alcohol.
My friend and I decided to launch a project called 'getting a boyfriend.'
When we're in front of the restaurant, we'll pick one guy a week.
``The workers in Google doing the smallest developments have a doctorate.``
If I hadn't found out about this method, I wouldn't have
I hope Lang-8 helps me improve my writing.
But in September, I will go travelling to ``The Hakone`` with my girl friend Fujiko.
The friends gave her earrings and FORCED to have her ears pierced. (It looked painful, so I couldn't see her get it.) and I made her choose as to what she would receive.
In my hard times of adaptation to a strange place, they will be a kind of energy for me!
I think it might have been anaemia or an epilepsy attack-I think it sounds better now:D
My mother just listened to my opinion and encouraged me.
Tonight, I attended the public speaking club I joined last winter.
There are many kinds of people in the club/ Many kinds of people enrol in the club.
There are business people, college students, foreign residents, retired people, house wives, etc,,,,,,,
(but I will not be a blackberry or Mac pc user.
There's no water, no electricity, no gas, or no food.
Okay!
I can cherish a teachers relationship with students no matter what.
At New Year's Eve, many Japanese prepared for a good New Year.
By day we prepare New Year's dish, general cleaning of the house and write New Year's postcards.
Today, I went to a fruit market and ate some durians today.
The first picture is the ancient tomb of Umako Sogano, the most powerful minister in Japan at that time.
So I went to the supermarket in this morning.
But I'm a little nervous becouse of my poor communication skills of English.
My job is a project manager for developing web sites.
This is my first trip since I got my job, and every month I save a lot of money in the bank.
I want to say ``thank you`` to my lang-8 friends, thanks for your help!!!
At midday/ In the mid-afternoon of August 4th, one of my new colleagues and I came to the company to report together.
On Monday August 8, at about 10: 10am, we got on the company bus that was waiting for us near our apartment and headed to work.
How beautiful the sky was!
It is a popular sport which has spread to every corner in China so much so that we now call it the national ball game!
Thank you very much for improving my sentences.& nbsp; I really appreciate everyone's help.
When most Japanese people speak to someone who is older or whom they are meeting first, they usually use honorifics.
My First Diary
However our company (probably all companies in Japan) is very nervous about the flu and gave employees an instruction note if we have symptoms of the flu.
Don't go directly to a hospital or clinic.
``Doc, I know I'm OK, but I have to see a doctor due to company regulation.
I saw a foreigner who imitated DRAGONBALLs character Gokuu.
I like Roppongi, but I don't have many opportunities to go there.
It was slightly rude of him, wasn't it?
I'd like to watch some TV programs but...
You can find a lot of churches, temples, mosques and indian temples.
Malacca is a historical place where it was colonized by the Portuguese.
It is famous for its cable car traveling the fastest speed in the world and is the longest in asia.
And the theme park is fascinating with its roller coaster.
And when I arrived at the library, I noticed that on Sundays this library doesn't open!!
To make him interested in the Korean language?
After that I went to Chofu where my friend lives.
Maybe it's because of the differences between our cultures....??
The latter part of golden week, it rained.
By the way, are there long vacations like golden week in other countries?
Today I went cycling to keep healthy.
I bought it at Takashimaya.
But I don't usually do farmwork, so I was exhausted.
I was finally able to come to the site a few minute ago.
So, my friends and I would go dressed up with a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid for comics, manga/ anime or Japanese culture.
It's raining heavily in Nigata and Fukushima prefectures.
Those prefectures are raining so heavily that an evacuation order was put out by the government.
And about four hundred thousand of Nigata's people have been evacuated to a safer area.
Shopko is one of the biggest shopping centers in Wisconsin where I am living right now to study English.
After I walked 30 minutes, I had the worst thirst I have ever had.
I decided to buy juice in the Hopko instead of from the old vending machine.
Au pair is famous in Europe, but doesn't seem to be in America.
If anybody doesn't mind talking with me, could you help and advise me?
As I have shown, art festivals are strongly dependent on local people and contribute to stimulating regional economies.
From now on, try to look at the buildings, rooms and spaces around you carefully. You might notice there are actually hidden designs all around you.
But I'll upload entries at my own pace from now on because I'm satisfied with this.
I got bored with that.
Although I konw my new school, I have many worries, but I think I will study hard.
BUT my parents don't always agree with me.
The Asahi Beer Company should appreciate the fortunate coincidence, shouldn't they?
I try to talk with foreign people often.
I am happy if we don't have snow in winter because I don't have to shovel snow. (It is tough work) But it means the earth is getting warmer and warmer....
When we entered an Okonomiyaki restaurant, we were showen to the seat in front of the big window. (shouwed to the??) We could see the Doutonbori river from there.
I had not aware of this profession, but as I looked back on my life, that maybe influenced me.
When I was in Ireland, I was in TV add for Smirnoff Ice in 2002.
The first reason is: I can't come up with the next word to say quickly.
And my mum raised me.
Mom passed away in 2001 and her room is now quiet and empty.
My class teacher is a foreigner.
I want a relationship with american people.
We are working hard to fix this problem.
Recently, many people have been visiting this area.
First, I saw it in English with no subtitle.
Recently, I read 'Norwegian Wood' by Haruki Murakami.
My home and car is covered with snow and the landscape is beautiful.
Actually we did not yet know what we would buy. But I know she like to cook and read books.
Everyday, I have to do a lot of experiments and research, so I have no time to do what I want.
Dear friends!
We ate lots of chicken ^-^
It's raining hard outside.
I like the landscape after the rainy days.
I like it, it draws a smile on my face and it often makes me think of many things.
Should I put off some tasks to complete the following day?
All present politicians should watch it.
Seita is hero of this story. His father was an officer of the Japanese navy; therefore, his father was not in his house but on the battlefield. (I guess his father had already died in the war but his family didn't know yet.) He had a mother and little sister, whose name is Setsuko.
When his family tried to escape from bombing, his mother got involved in the explosions.
Seita's house was completely destroyed as well by the bombing.
Many Japanese people who were in right screen completely forgot these historical facts, and they enjoyed their luxury and busy lives in a big city.
I'm studying English, and
Recently I happened to find that itunes has many internet radio station channels in its menu.
The itunes list of internet radio is good, and almost all of stations are now in service, so I can hear lots of different music genres.
(Futon is on my bed.)
I usually sit on the floor and use the PC but it's uncomfortable, so I decided to buy them.
I should have separated them into two parts, and cooked them twice...
I mix it into tomato sauce or curry sauce as a hidden ingredient for extra flavor.
Can you tell me what this sentence means?
She decided to take the seashells which she found home.
But they gave me portraits with a message.
Although the price of a plane ticket is not as expensive as tickets to other countries (minimum 45000yen = $ 450 for Narita <-> Moscow), the process of getting a visa is complex.
There are a lot of kinds, such as: yolk mooncake, ham mooncake, moon cake with meat etc.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is a time for family.
I don't think all Singaporeans are lazy.
There are many kinds of food like seafood, meal and vegetables.
Dealing with hectic schedule
Today, I went to a book shop in Shinjuku.
Octopus is a sacred living thing, isn't it?
Hi all, I'm Midory from Hokkaido, the northeasternmost island of Japan.
It is a good time to visit overseas because of the high-valued yen, but the oil surcharges are still expensive!
The hero, who names Luffy, fights an enemy every week.:)
On the way home, I got caught in the rain..
I often see it. so I asked my mother where the cat gone? My mother answered me that the small cat was dead.
I bought jasmine tealeaf at department store in Kobe a month ago.
I can't leave it so its gonna cause me to gain weight...
He and his friends made cupcakes at the night because of white day.
I love a Techno music.
I heard that nowadays sake is more popular in foreign countries than in Japan.
A Japanese company announced that they will use English as the official language in their offices.
But she said in a shopping center (COSTCO) in the neighborhood, two people were killed because of the collapse of it's parking.
I'm planning to play baseball but it's rainy.
Maybe you have to write a long and boring essay, maybe you have to find a job, maybe you are suffering from a disease, maybe you just lost all your money...
On Girls 'Day, Japanese set up beautiful Japanese dolls.
But the dolls which, we call Hina dolls, are very expensive
I want to write [my introduction] again.
One day I told a story about the ``Gorgon``. She felt very afraid. However, she painted a picture on a piece of paper and put the paper in her pocket.
I'm going to university to attend classes.
Yeah! I passed the quality test today.
The difference between them is the long tour permits you to go inside.
And we should do something we can do easily, for example, to send some food to the areas with a food shortage.
In places which don't grow crops, it may be difficult to increase crops even if they can use technology from developed countries.
But also I think that having a relationship while being young have bad effects.
I can speak it a little, and gradually getting worse these days because there are fewer opportunities to talk with English speaking people.
Whatever happens, I will never quit studying English.
(At this time, she was eating a rice ball with seaweed.)
Then I went to the library to study my major, and
I always sweat in this season.
Then, our topic shifted to onomatopoeia (This means imitative sounds like bark etc).
That English school sometimes holds some events, like a picnic.
tempt: Advertisements exist in order to tempt customers to buy their products.
conceal: He didn't try to conceal his scandal, but instead, he apologized to everyone.
decline: He decided to decline the offer from the IT company.
I start working in my office in the morning, but I have to work till late at night.
On september I am thinking about going to Victoria, BC.
I am an easy going girl, and I `d like to having many friends!!
I am very confused about using grammar and the sentences I wrote.
I'm going read a draft; please check my gammar and pronunciation.
Hello, My name is seohyun and I'm second grade.
second, I have to study about hair-style.
I also made hairstyles to my friends or dolls.
I want to buy something that's not so expensive but is very useful.
Maybe this town is also a very famous place to visit among foreign tourists.
Nowadays, Akihabara is becoming diverse, and there are a lot of shops featuring anime goods.
Japanese anime is expanding in overseas markets, and many foreigners know (about) Japanese anime.
I will write (about) it sometime soon.
After that, we played second game.
Since 11th March, they had taken shelter from aftershocks and radiation.
I want to get into university, but also I want to go abroad to America, so I will have to go to university 5 years.
Today, I am/ I'm going to an English club, because I really want to study English.
Yesterday I bought new shoes for jogging.
Three years ago I was a menber of the fitness gym, but I resigned because of my busy job.
However too many people are here just looking for someone who speaks Japanese.
I didn't play video games for many years because you know, studying, working and reading.
I recommend to you FF X.
I recommend: www.
My grand-father made a liveing by raising chickens and a calf.
It tasted different to Japanese beers.
Today is the general election which looks set to bring a historic change of government.
The Liberal Democratic Party has governed for over 50 years.
Please introduce yourself.
Thank [space] you for reading:)
Is this my reductant reaction?
I am taking an oral examination in five theological subjects this week. The subjects are the old testament, the new testament, church history, systematical theology and practical theology.
Most Japanese people are not good at speaking English, because we only study English grammar when we are students in Japan.
Yesterday Jei taught me one rule of grammar in English.
As the motion of their gestures are too large and radical, it's easy to hit me, especially when I stand by them too closely.
After I googling this product on my mobile and finding out the user response is really bad, I said 'Really?' as a response to all her sales talk. snow word isn't used that much.
I heard the salesperson talked to her co-workers, 'Wow, nowdays these consumers are really smart..
My winter holiday has already begun, in my opinion. I want to read some English magazines or newspapers for improving my English during this holiday, but I don't know what I should read. I hope to get some advice from here.
I'm expecting to have a good improvement when the holiday comes near to end.
Japanese are only spoken in Japan, so when we go to other countries, we will feel loneliness.
I want to ask English speakers ``Do you feel a sense of closeness to people from English speaking countries?``
At least, it doesn't seem as hard to get good grades in university as it is to get them in (senior) high school, because I only need to take some subjects I'm interested in.
Recently in Japan, there has been a demand to save electricity.
Because in China people always learn languages from books, so there is no chance to speak them.
I also like Japanese, because I like to watch Japanese cartoons.
I watched a baseball game in the Nagoyadome yesterday.
A lot of people have asked me what restaurants I would recommend in Kamakura. (Indirect question.)
What I had was various sashimi (raw seafood): tuna, salmon, horse mackerel, scallop and salmon roe.
I heard that people who have experienced study abroad need a score of more than 800 to prove their ability based on their experience.
The business career exam is coming soon
The business career exam for logistics is coming soon, but I still haven't prepared enough for it.
While hearing the quiet, slow tempo music, and calm voice of the instructor, I stretched my body.
A nieghbour's help can be the fastest.
The shop was proud of various high quality, imported products There were many customers who came from other countries, looking for ingredients to make meals from their homeland (I would often be asked by Australians-``Where's the VEGIMITE?``).
It was really traditional, so just few people (family or relatives of the bride and groom) can go to inside the Jinja during the ceremony.
Please, correct and comment my blog.
A lot ofpeople who write their dairies in English can't get that many comments you know.
The second is that maybe Japanese people are kind.:P
In my school days, boys competed against boys, and girls against girls, but in my daughter's school, they didn't divide the boys and girls.
Recently, I think about that everyday.
However, I couldn't write them because of my English.
Because my train leaves at 7: 30 AM.
An agent named Smith found these pictures of President Clinton and Ms. Lewinsky.
My final goal is not to be a permanent resident in Australia, but I was planning to obtain a permanent visa to accomplish my goal.
Then I found a recipe in internet blog and started making a pizza.
Aritayaki is pottery from the Kyushu region.
I could not answer him clearly...
I went to Seoul for a long time.
So he called every animal with ``mung-mung.``
It was especially a great performance from the trainer riding the dolphin.
After the show, we ate lunch on a mat in the forest and it was more delicious than eating in at home.
It is a cloudy today but the temperature is not too warm and the weather is comfortable
and I'm looking forward to the start of the school year.
Although It is hard, I'd like to study English.
and I believe it will some day be.
This only reason I'm studying English is to be able to clearly express my thoughts and achieve my goal.
As I went shopping, suddenly my shoes broke.
When I'm writing my diary, I'm not certain on the tense of the verb.
When I speak with a foreigner, they often have trouble due to hesitation (Is it possible to use 'from' Instead of due to?)
I think I should be able to learn from you
Though Asakusa was crowded with many sightseers, according to my friend, there were fewer foreign sightseers compared to before the earthquake had occurred.
V-day is the only day when girls declare their love to boys.
Before the test I always feel pressure.
My husband is Indian and he commenced running a small guest house in Rishikesh from this April.
It is fomous place for yoga, meditation, the Ganges River, and the ashram where the Beatles visited once.
Yesterday, my family and I went to Ganghwa-Do.
It was a beautiful place.
It was surprise, too.
That's what the parents of Harry died from!
Tomorrow I have an exam in mathematical statistics.
It was slippery and dangerous.
He taught me that dreams can definitely come true if I don't give up.
In Japan, most people start working as regular employees immediately after their bachelor degree.
Waking up early makes me feel more tired and frustrated.
Hello, I am feeling very good. I like English, but I am not very good at English as you can see.
Help me write in english!
``I'm fine!`` ``I'm good!`` and, ``I'm OK!`` What's the difference between these three sentences?
It is approx. 10 feet tall.
I took my motorbike and drove to the dog market, where they sell pets.
I agreed and sat down, waiting for him.
Hello, Lang-8 users
First I write some words in English, drink cup of coffee, and read my e-mails.
What is the best method for learning new words?
It's too difficult for me not only because of the grammar but also because of the words.
So we couldn't go anywhere else.
I don't have confidence in whether native speakers can understand my English.
I'll attend some meetings and an exhibition of the heating, air condition and ventilation industy in Las vegas.
'Poets are not so scrupulous as you are.
But I like going back to school, because I can be together with my girlfriend and play with my friends.
I'm studying English right now and hope to acquire skills to speak fluently with native English speakers.
Philosophical issues, religious issues, any kind of intellectual issues are welcomed and I hope to have an intellectual connection with someone.
Today, I went to the police station to get a new driver's license.
If they find one of participants to be good, they exchange phone numbers and they will be friends or boyfriend/ girlfriend.
(There will be) my friend, a friend of my friend and Iso men's team had three people as well as women's team.
We enjoyed the party and had a lot of conversation.
We play roles of yakuza, Japanese gangsters, of Kyushu district, southwest Japan.
After some time we separated, promising to meet again.
But some say that the government and electric power company are trying to
I am learning English. I'm espically instresed in learning spoken English. I am a postgraduate major in computer siences, and I am instersted in network security and DB. I welcome more friend exchanges.
I'd appreciate it if you read and fix these sentences.
I think that these toys may be good for people who are not allowed to have real pet hamsters, or for those who love hamsters but are too lazy to take care of them.
In Japanese, this is called 'toilet training'
I prepared all of the tickets but not completely.
I was confused because I heard it just before boarding the airplane and I was arriving in Bergen at 11pm the hotel would be closed.
I looked around in the airplane.
We talked about why I was staying at their house and they recommended some good places to see in Bergen.
Could you change this paragraph into something more 'speech' like?
or if you don't have enough time, just correcting is of course very welcome.
By the way, I think I am quite a strange person because I feel excited when I hear the wind screaming, or just maybe because I just drank a cup of coffee, which always makes me excited.
You are (were) my friend and I always believed you. Why did you have to lie to me?
I commute by train every day.
In the evening, I catch the 8 to 10pm train.
I often read books on the train.
My friend recommended Korean movies to me.
Some geographers say ``There are no places where we have not explored on the earth.``
I say this because only little girls are heroines in his works except for in this work.)
Nobody believed in the testimony of his father, except for his son Pazu.
The girl who slowly came down from the sky, whose name is ``Sheeta``, had the magic stone; she was pursued by the army and she had a secret of the Castle.
Pazu decided to search for the Castle of the Sky with Sheeta.
I'm going to take the entrance examination for a Japanese university in case I fail at my first choice, that is, some American university.
In Tennoji, we were spoken to by drunken men.
Could you give me some advice to learn technical writing?
Also I like green tea candy and azuki bean flavored candy.
I was waiting for the powder snow because I really like go snowboarding, but it seems there is little chance for it this year!
Does speaking only improve your/ ones speaking skill?
Please recommend:)
Unfortunately, I might lose the draw as I anticipated...
I was born in Ooita prefeture which belongs to Kyusyu area in Japan.
Also of course for talking with foreigners on the phone in English.
Some of my favourite locations include Lubuk Sembilang, Kisap, Telaga Tujuh, and Datai.
The first dream you have on the first of January is important here in Japan.
Unfortunately, I had a bad dream.
You've screwed up everything, you know! ``I couldn't understand what he was shouting and I was just petrified.
Last English lesson, the instructor told me about this site.
My head itches!
This is my ninth entry.
I'm writing a manual for the installation, maintenance or conversion of these machines.
Yesterday I set up a Christmas tree.
when my daughters were very young, I felt the tree was too big,
Because my daughters can do it themselves.
But I decided to keep setting up our Christmas tree every year if they go out in the future.
But when I went to university, I knew that English would be very important for my future career.
I can tell my opinion in simple words, write (with mistakes, of course) and understand other people when they don't speak too fast.
First, we are reading a book about stock for beginners.
PS: Rewriting or reorganizing my sentences would be nice if need be, thanks.
I guess I'm too young, but I want to learn English very much!!!
Lately I feel very, very bored and upset when I have to study. I dont know what is wrong, but it's just boring!
The difference between ``journal`` and ``diary``
The car exhaust messed up my laundry...
And I love him playing the violin ^ ^
Tomo-chan ``wears`` the laundry basket like a backpack, and says, ``I'm a turtle.``
I always go there by car with my husband.
Buying groceries for 7days, the luggage is very heavy.
On the way home, It's difficult to control the bike because of the heavy laggege.
In Japan, there are many delicious foods, such as sushi or tempura, but I don't know any American foods.
My daughter always wears a one piece dress.
In my opinion, you are already so busy studying and working, you won't have time for a dog.
You should give this matter (some) (serious) consideration.
Recently, electronics technology has improved so much that it is common for people to have a mobile computer such as a notebook PC or a cell phone.
Afterwards, I listened to it many times while studying.
That song supported and inspired me while I was striving to pass the exam.
I'm determined not to sell the CD I bought because all the songs remind me of my ``golden`` time.
Only unmarried women can wear a Furisode on ceremonial occasions.
I think they have strong motivation for working and learning but they have no self confidence, so they cannot try to deal with a new environment.
They need to find enough power that they could continue to the future even after they failed once.
Now my wife is preparing herself by make up and winding her hair.
I'm from China.
Have you used an air conditioner yet?
Anything I read teaches me something: new and different ideas, to understand and know how others think, learning about history, scientific discovery, new vocabulary, new sentences...
I have already taken the circuit analysis exam
Even my professor, who is a ``sister`` from America told us about this situation in class before.
Taiwanese are xenomaniacs.
Are Taiwanese really xenomaniacs?
That sounds not too hard, I would just translate my original report from Chinese to English..
Please give me some positive words to encourage me ~ I will be full of energy!!!
I need help to correct my sentences.
Een hartverwarmende video (in het Japans)
Of course it is very important and I never considered not attending the party itself.
I was watching TV, so I slept in my living room without covering my body with my bedding.
That is why I caught a cold.
There is nothing but rice fields in my hometown, but I feel lonely when I think about
He knew it was ridiculous to do something like that without realizing that everyone could see, and wasn't so proud anymore.
So, I go on business trips often.
shut down all nuclear power plants?
As far as the Fukushima nuclear power plant is concerned, it had been operating for
My first diary
I will go to the park near my house to play catch with my boyfriend.
Next term, I will be very busy, I have to prepare for the TEM8 and post graduate examination.
But I am confused because I have no idea how and what shoud I do or what to do..
This is my first time writing a diary entry here.
Today, I left a comment on someone else's diary for the first time.
The door was in front of the class so I had to pass the professor to exit.
but I'm 19 years old, so you may think that to watch anime is funny.
So I haven't read the book.
anybody knows some ways to treat this bad illness?..
Has anybody seen tfhe film Brazil?
When I was a junior high student, I used to write my diary in Japanese but I quit.
Even more funny was when I was walking in front of her house and I passed by the window where he was placed.
I usually spend time watching DVDs of American drama to study English.
From now on, I will put today's date as the title
Recently, I have been seeking a new job in which English is required.
I need to get a high score on the TOEIC test next month on Sept. 11th.
I also want to improve my spoken and written English.
In Kyoto, there are many historical monuments, shrines, and temples.
After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images projected rapidly in the sky.
A few days later, a beautiful girl appeared at the grandfather's house.
They could hear sounds of weaving.
We had our senior's graduation ceremony on March 16th and it was a very important event for this school.
In Taketomi-island, we stayed in a Japanese-style hotel and enjoyed swimming in the hotel pool and the beautiful sea.
Fourth, I can't use the punctuation in rigth ways, so when you read my diary entry you would feel confusion.
Yesterday I ate sushi for the first time in my life (I know that is a little shameful, because I'm fan of Japan culture and...
Although I wanted to talk about the Lions, I digressed from the subject.
I am lazy to control myself, as a result of that I'm always disgusted with myself! gee!
Today, I'll tell you about a famous Japanese comic called ``ONE PIECE``.
I got a holiday for five days.
This Jindaiji park didn't seem like a place that was 30 minutes from Shinjuku because the area was very calm and has old traditional atmosphere.
I'm excited with the class even though I'm still not in the habit of using English.
Long flight
The novels were written Japanese.
I'm lovin'it!
And, I'm lovin'it.
I seriously need staple food!
I ate lunch and then went to English school.
I'm studying at the University of Arts of my country, I'm studying Liric singing.
I am planning/ (I plan) to visit Singapore in the middle of May.
``Staying healthy is the most important thing in our life.`` I totally agree.........
Actually I really appreciate him because I knew he is always taking care of me and trying to encourage me, and doing his best for me.
(I accept recommendations for places or courses.:D)
I asked my teacher about this.
I think this is a strange thing in Japan.
The Simpsons is an animated film.
I am at Changi air port.
The following is just something I heard from a Korean radio program.
Please don't hesitate to correct my sentences, and I would very much appreciate if you would write another natural expression in addition to my sentence
They are going/ willing to pay up to $ 2500 to patients (patients) if the paicients (patients) are qualified/ qualify.
Tanabota probability is supposed to be very high tonight, because on the night of July 7 we celebrate Tanabata Star Festival.
The students who can't come to school will be behind.
So many things have happened since I last wrote in my diary on December 14th in 2010.
In this field, you have to be very careful of every detail.
When I was a high school student, I studied English to prepare for college entrance exams,
I certainly feel like dieting is not easy. hahaha ^ ^;
Our relatives all came together to talk to each other and to cook a lot of delicious food that we all ate together.
The massage fee is so expensive, but I will go there again.
So you add me, friend, and help me improve my English.
Yesterday I was listening to Gilles Peterson's show on BBC Radio1 thorough internet.
I don't like to rest from work but I couldn't move this morning.
Some people feel that it is necessary to know what is going on in the public through the infomation provided by advertising.
Thanks to advertisements, we can gain the latest infomation effectively.
I was at my mother's home from Friday 11th to 13th of June to participate in the reunion of my Junior high school class which have held on the 12th.
So I had to leave my mother's home at five o 'clock and take the first train at twenty to six on the Sunday morning because my home town is Shimoda, three and a half hours from the center of Tokyo.
Because I slept in the room next to the kitchen.
Then she called me from the kitchen ``Are you all right?
Thank you for reading this poor level English composition.
Although we are not together anymore, he still remembers me. I feel very happy.
Because I'm cold-natured.
It looks boring, ha, however I understand why it really attracts men.
Pho tasted very well.
there wasn't any probelm throughout the group league since Japan was keep on winning to next round step by step, but it is tournament now.
While a doctor was treating my teeth, I cried all the time.
Do you have your profile, where you can write short messages (no more than 140 characters), and those messages will be displayed for all your ``followers`` (people who follow you, have access to your updates).
I saw that the sky was quite blue, and seemed very far away.
There were many people who believed in it.
In order to use the internet via I pod touch, wireless LAN is necessary, unlike the iPhone.
Chakras are located in each auric body and are responsible for retaining and metabolizing the energy that the body needs to work optimally.
In fact, we don't have (just) one cardiac chakra, for example, but seven: one in the etheric body, another in the emotional body, another in the mental body, another in the astral body, etc.
Usually the literature on/ about this topic describes chakras from the emotional body as the only ones that exist.
And I think these tastes are greatly influenced by each country's cultural backgrounds.
You may feel thirsty without milk or anything else when you eat sweet potato.
My mother keeps saying that I should solve more math problems, and my father keeps saying I should do three things this summer vacation.
Monday, Thursday, and Friday, I have a class in the morning, and Tuesday and Wednesday, in the afternoon.
I want to speak English and Spanish, and of course Japanese:]
It is sad to realize, but for the last 4 days, that I've spent on this site, in my posts there was done only one correction.
My favorite ramen restaurant
I have a week-long vacation, but I don't have anything to do.
First I got up late, then then while I was in class, my teacher asked me a question regarding the meaning of a word.
I always think too much and hesitate when I want to speak in English.
But, I feel so nervous about it!! xd
I'm waiting for the delivery.
Because it can be used for exercising.
Yoga, boxing, bowling and muscle work outs are available as well.
C. Escher drew impossible architectural structures, they seemed like infinity but limited and they seemed to change pattern.
I like play guitar, draw and play volleyball.
Peters stupid jokes always amuse me.
More often than not I feel that there is/ a cultural difference between Japan and Korea while I'm staying in Korea.
Most of the jewelery was huge, so they seemed to not fit Japanese people because we are smaller than European people.
He replied to me with an interesting and long message when l sent
I'm from Japan.
Now, my father is in the hospital because he has a mental disease.
but I worry that she will collapse.
but today, when I rebuilt my computer (system), there was no problem.
Can anyone help me with my English?
I chatted with my international friend on Facebook.
Because I just had gotten results and thrown them away.
Please teach me I can't separate them.
What is your technique in learning the language you are interested in?
In my opinion, you cannot learn a new language or even travel through the world (which is my dream) if you don't know how to speak English correctly.
Hello my wonderful friends.
What an unforgettable day!
But I have been continuously woken up by aftershocks.
I know that everything depends on God and my abilities in English, but I really want to pass it.
I'm worrying about two things.
Another is the expensive tuition fee of business schools.
now I'm considering (think about) which countries I'll go to.
And this vacation is almost 1month long, so I want improve my English level.
I wanna send ``Thanks for pointing my mistakes and correcting me`` and ``good job for correcting``, but I have no idea where to click on my page...
They shut down the factories and laid off laborers/ workers.
I haven't read the book Black Boy yet and I have to write this diary.
``The Fundamental Teachings of [Quran and Hadith] Vol. 1& 2 Compiled& Edited by
I don't know why. Maybe it's because it's 35 degrees C and you can't do anything outside.
Then I was hungry an hour later and ended up eating a bowl of noodles.
If this continues, I think my friends will not be able to recognize me over vacation.
Most of my friends are already gone
He plays basketball with his friends after school every day.
Last year, when I walked around my neighborhood, I noticed a small signboard for a Shodou school.
I will enjoy this page. And I want to help the people who study Japanese.
The story is about a girl called Jessy who has a grandfather who faces death.
Sea is the goal for each person.
Homecoming visit
I was surprised at the air ticket price.
Public bath in Japanese is called Sentou and I love it.
In Sentou, everyone is usually naked without a bathing suit.
I am proud that I have such a friend, who knows english very well and can travel in England and other countries.
My friend said that the (air) temperature was twenty degrees this afternoon...
Because of some very spicy ones and coriander.
However, I want to mention that my English is very poor so if you are reading my diary right now, please have patience and I'll be very grateful, <3 thanks a lot.
I am not a romantic person so my wife always say to me that I should be more romantic
I really appreciate it.
I bought many things, for example, a vacuum cleaner, a refrigerator, a table, a bed and curtains...
I can't sleep because I'm lonely.
Please be informed that this shipment will be deliveried as LCL via Hongkong.
May be this is because I do not want to learn English in the beginning. But I will try my best to learn it in future. My English teacher has taught us many words, but I cannot remember them and use them in the wrong way. What can I do?
The food is not as delicious as I expected.
The food doesn't taste as good as I expected.
We happened to meet a Japanese tourist group.
I asked someone in the group in Japanese.
My bad English wasn't understood to Peruvians.
I want to go to Peru again.
It was a very nice memory except for the Japanese tourists.
I was impressed!!
Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries, I am able to improve my skills and develop my career.
So I remembered about the time I chose my job when I was a teenager.
I dropped by the library on my way back and I borrowed ``One Piece``.
Today, when I was about to get in my car, I found something on the ground.
I quit smoking in April of this year, but because of stress I started again.
I know it's not good for my health, but smoking after feeling feeling so much stress is beyond expression.
I'm Japanese, but I live in Beijing presently.
Today I learned some new words from this conversation.
I think the uniforms you see in the picture are orange and blue,
In the practice match, I got punched in the stomach and fell down!
The instructor said that it wasn't very strong, but I couldn't speak.
We laid on our backs, and the instructor stood on our bodies and jumped three times.
We voters probably won't be able to know all the results of the election till midnight (today).
This election also addressed the? relations? with many foreign countries.
The U. S./ The USA, China, North and South Korea and all the others countries around the world.
The result is known by God alone.
They probably broke because I listen to music too long>_ <(this also works)
When I become a teacher, I would like to be the coach of a high-school football team.
Anyway, football is an extremely organized and systematic sport.
I replaced the sentences in the grammar book with my own sentences.
As a woman, wrinkles are the number one killer of beauty.
My big brother participated in Tokyo marathon last month, which is one of the biggest citizen race.
He finished in 3hour 6minites.
The saddest part is that his older sister had also committed suicide.
I don't know why, but this year has had a lot of Fridays the 13th.
As a result, we have Hence the spectacular congestion on the highway.
my name, special holiday e, photo and so on.
Today is a boring day.
I want to drink alcohol.
After that, I watched a DVD at home.
My elder sister is a doctor too, so once they start talking about their jobs, I have no idea what they are saying.
We go to the temple and pray for our family's health and happiness, and for world peace.
These are very delicious.
Next Tuesday there will be a presidential election in Sri Lanka.
I don't know what the most important thing is for me; I have many problems that I have to solve.
While I was studying, a friend on the Internet told me about an interesting video game called Age of Empires 3!
The test was quite difficult, especially the listening section.
We spent 2 hours at Starbucks.
My friend gave me a Goya yesterday.
If I keep on my refrigerator it will change to yellow color and very sweet taste.
My father is pastor, and he loves studying.
If you buy adeers rice cracker, I caution you.
Deer will pester youviolently.
He had no problems or concerns and was very happy.
We cried and said good-bye to our best friends with whom we studied and lived together for 4 years because we were all going to different parts of the& nbsp; country and pursuing our dreams/ goals.
My favorite fruit is pineapples.
I always wonder if it is better to buy a cut pineapple or a whole one.
Just have to live for now and prepare for the future.
go abroad..
some of my friends have gone to foreign countries
to learn English...
but I don't have the time to go abroad..
and other European countries (nation)
Because they are in small cages always and walking time is once or twice a day which is only ten or twenty minutes.
I know that it's going to be difficult to keep up with this class, but I believe that this class will be the place where I can grow up because I will be given many opportunities to say what I'm thinking in the class.
At first, I felt a little down, but I like it now because my friends said it looked nice:))
I took TOEFL this morning and I found my English typing speed is too slow, despite my fast Chinese typing.
So I made the decision during the test that I must find a way to get more opportunities to type English, in order to improve it ~ Maybe I should keep on blogging in English.
Harajuku has its own character and is representedby (?) the lolita look and cosplay.
So she wanted me to get an arranged married.
Once I was forced to see a man on a date arranged by my mom.
Actually, she did liked him at all.
It happened a long time ago but I still am reminded of it whenever I see my mom.
At last, I hope everything will improve!
They are have good service, and changed it to/ gave me a new account.
It's about a pirate called Luffy who is the hero in this comic.
It's called ``devil's fruits``
I am interested in videogames (for example: PS3, PS2, PSP, Xbox, Wii, NDS). Also anime, and technology like the iPhone and iPad.
Have you planted the seeds of appreciation?
Here I uploaded some screen shots from this documentary.
BecasueI am a lazy girl.
I hardly save any money.
Please enjoy the song while you helping me correct my diary
both internal and abroad.
But,, after this episode, I'm careful eating Kimchi in other country.
and it's a bit boring, but there is a crack from where you can enter the underworld if you kill all the enemies on the area that leads to the crack/ opening and to the garden and at the end, you can enter the Hero's Hall. There, everything is made of gold and in the last part you can find three mesmer (?) bosses called The Darkness. If you kill them, they give you two green staffs, and each staff can be sold for aproximately five thousand gold coins.
If I had spoken earlier to him and my seniors, that would not have happened.
And also there are a lot of various matter (?).....
This is my new goal, and I've set a date: 30 june 2011.
I have been using the iPod application and iTunes so that I was little more familiar with the Apple products.
My classmate and I will play it at a performance in July.
I felt so much cooler despite knowing that the temperature might/ may not actually go down that/ so much.
I have to make a presentation about Accounting.
So, I have to study Accounting!!
I think they'll give you good answers and help you resolve your Japanese problems.
My target: I want to talk with foreign people in English!
I believe that the first experience of everything is very exciting/ memorable
When I chatted with Atsuya, who can speak English fluently on Skype, he recommended that I buy them.
When I went to Canada I was impressed with the stunning scenery in Louis 'Lake.
With some deep-green shadows around the lake, it seemed more magnificent.
But at my home we have not used it yet, because the weather as changed so quickly..
I think it is very fun to make friends.
Green leaves work and create energy vigorously on the trees during summer; they turn golden, and fall onto the ground after their hard work.
I wanted to buy another magazine but I didn't buy it.
I found some nice clothes in this magazine but they are a little expensive.
Since I went to theNeko cafe for the first time, I was so surprised to see many cats.
And also, I caught a cold from him.
In Japan, almost all students (elementary school, junior high school, and high school) get summer vacation from the 4th week of July to the end of August.
Research also requires English skills.
Today March 10 is the day when candidates can know whether or not they passed the entrance exam of national universities in Japan.
I have a girlfriend and love her, but I `m so embarrassed that I have not yet told her so ^ ^.
We go to the same private university (University of Keio in Tokyo) and belong to the same class.
But she also studied to pass the entrance exam of the University of Kyoto!
I feel sorry because I won't be able to meet her if she passes the exam (Kyoto is far away from Tokyo), while I support her and believe she will succeed.
The topic is staying healthy, we have to write some points on the note card and say it in front of classmates in three minutes.
here's my whole speech
And then, I didn't exercise in the past, because I hate sweat.
But now, I realize that I can't be like this anymore, I want become healthier, so, I changed my daily rountine.
I want to learn English because my dream is to visit many countries. Maybe all countries of the world.
Luckily, we had nice wather.
My favorite thing.
They will see the full bloom cherry blossoms for the first time.
I was translating an English e-mail for my boss the other day.
But I have gotten the idea that it's good enough in quality and looks at this moment.
I'm looking forward to this weekend very much.
Even now, the accident is going on, and because it is known that boric acid absorbs the atomic products ejected from the fuel, I heard they put it and water around the NPPs to deal with the problem.
I could not watch the perfect eclipse,
My iPod doesn't work because I washed it today.
But, these thoughts make me feel pressed and I have done nothing recently.
I had a conversation with him about complaint of our current state until 1: 00 a. m.
I felt really happy when my former boss told me that I would move to the Okinawa office, because the Okinawa office is quite popular among my coworkers.
During our first year of living in Okinawa, we didn't have a child yet, so by my wife driving us we could go anywhere we wanted (In those days, my drivers license had expired because I forgot to renew!).
It is true to studying languages consists of the letters.
If you have done that yourself, share your experience, please.
So I think it's good to keep in touch like now.
Another one was personified risks are perceived to be riskier than anonymous risks.
I'm working part-time at an Italian restaurant.
I want to make friends with people all over the world, especially English and Spanish speakers.
Maybe we won't be able chat (often) because of time zones, but I really want to get to know you.
I used to hate writing something because I felt it was such a hassle.
have no subtitles.
But the next exam is coming soon, it makes me a little nervous.
This is because it was just in full bloom.
He said ``take this/ some medicine (anthelenintic).....`` But I had not eaten (yet).
Here have a quantity of foreigners.
Sometimes the foreign friends help to correct my English diary.
I spent some time, to think of an answer.
But I think people who have beards don't look good. (on some people it looks cool, like Johny Depp)
I get a runny nose very often (kind of allergy?) and I get tired easily.
I haven't written this blog for a long time.
I was surprised and (still) feel very thankful.
The dolphin was spotted bearing deep wounds from the bite of a large shark on Friday. Until Monday the animal had not emerged from Morten bay for its nightly feed, and it was feared it may have succumbed to the injury, but the twelve-year-old dolphin returned to his regular feeding spot on Monday night, and was transported by boat to Sea World on Australia's gold coast, where he underwent the surgery and now recovering.
I will go his restaurant again in the near future.
begin new days.
Please recommend an English name for me!!
Please recommend an English name!!
Actually, I deleted history on Windows Explorer, but I did not clear the document history.
I'm greatly looking forward to meeting him.
In the morning, I hurried to get up and eat the sandwiches that I prepared yesterday night.
At that time, I began to realize that I forget my ticket and wallet at home.
The relationship between parents and children is very important.
If you're interested in the special culture, I'll introduce a useful tool for browsing through the night markets in Taiwan.
My listening skill is very weak, so I always got the lowest score on the listning category of the TOEFL.
Are there other effective ways to train the listening skill?
I always go to clinics, to meet doctors and advertise or inform them about my company's medicine.
However, sometimes I am appreciated by doctors for my support.
In Madrid, it has been raining all day and going outside has been impossible.
My hobbies are listening to music, watching TV, playing sports, and so on.
According to the weather forecast, it will rain tomorrow.
And two typhoons will come close to Japan.
Because I hope to make a present for my mother on Mother's Day.
According to the article, in Belgium, there are four parties and they all have trouble with language.
This writer's point of view, you can tell there are two worlds in the Cinderella story.
In 2009, many scientific studies showed that chocolate has many interesting properties: it is rich in flavonoids, provides good protection from the sun, improves heart health, decreases blood pressure, and even protects against cancer.
What is correct?
is there anything else...?
If I go there again, I will go bankrupt.
While there, we were taught about the Asuka era of Japan in English by foreign people.
I went to a toy museum with a foreigner.
I hope one day I will speak English, one day....
I also like cosmetics, fashions, and magazines. Movies make me excited.
Today, a typhoon hit city.
I won't go to work.
I wish tomorrow will be fine.
The difference was, however, he kept on going to his potty even when wearing his diaper.
When I found this site, I decided to post in my journal everyday.
When I said that her students seem to have been improving their Japanese a lot, she looked really happy to hear it.
I know her feeling. When I was an instructor of drawing software at a business school, I was happy to hear about my students 'efforts and improvement.
They often gave me the energy to teach.
I could do it anyway but my friend couldn't and held the bar whole time... it was so cute:)
I want kimono for myself but you need special treatment to keep the kimono in good condition.
I love this language, and my greatest wish is to speak and write English (fluently).
And it enabled us to enjoy taking a bath outside and to overlook the valley.
It seems a little bit complicated to me.
It seemed to be a very nice day.. so I took a chance to ride my bike because it had been a long time without using it.
I am so depressed. I study English every day, and when I finish class, I come back to home. I continue to study English, but I feel my English is not improve much, I memorize English words every day, bu next day I forget half, I feel so upset, I think my IQ is good, but my memory is not so good....
I want to know whether foreign people have dyed their hair or not.
Because an upstairs room is cheaper than a downstairs one in an apartment house in India.
But I can't remember everything I study.
If you know the best way to remember, please write your way in a comment.
Today I finished my thesis finally and I may be able to graduate from school in two weeks.
My brother has told me that my grandmother has been transfered to the emergency room for brainsurgery.
My allowance is far from being able to afford even the cheapest one.
So today I will write something in English.
I desperately searched for an Australian conversation partner, but three months were not long enough to master conversational English.
He answered me, we introduced each other, and began to talk.
Maybe you will meet a liar that will steal your money, because who knows anyone on the internet, where people can promise anything? God knows!
There are animals there which have been abandoned.
However, he miraculously recovered and he is full of energy now:)
I need to study English, but I don't have any motivation......
I admit that I'm a little insecure, which I don't like to be.
She fascinates me though I don't listen to pop music very much.
Although the weather was not perfect to see as far as Mt.
I am really nervous.
It's the business language.....
Until I read another person's journal, I had never heard about it.
Only suginami-ku (one of Tokyo's towns) was entered in Japan.
Now, I want to be a customer ofsurvise agent in airport.
Hope I can successfully pass this examination.
I'm a big fan of ``The Dark Knight`` and ``Memento`` and I like Ken Watanabe.
Absentminded story
How about in your holiday?
I'm sorry for no contact for such along time.
While I was at work, I met a pofessor who was Mr. (nome of my lats supervisor)'s friend and he introduced himself to me.
I am not sure if I will have good topics in the future, if I will pass exams and enter the University, or if I will find a job in a good newspaper or a magazine.
On top of that some fuel rods have already suffered damages. [suggestion]
I wish I could recover immediately. I hope I recover soon
Whose background music is excellent.
my choir teacher has been soo annoying lately.
The population of Japan is decreasing now, but business in Japan is poor.
Gonna work as a web creator after graduating (only 2 months left!),
They were the offensive side, and we were the defensive side.
I need the computer because I am studying English and I must do myhomework.
So, they are not eager to get married.
I didn't think it was relaxing.
We slept only 3 hours every day.
I think people are unaware about how little we care about things as we get older.
Anyway, I think this movie is not only for a child but aslo an adult.
It's a very exciting, entertaining, and heartwarming film.
I was going to buy running shoes but what I actually bought were like DVDs and so on.
He will soon stand by himself.
I'm planning to get a driver license before long.
I never finish reading the books that I buy; I am a crazy girl.
I know it is really hard to do it. Sometimes I am lazy; sometimes I am drowsy and would like to sleep.
I'm practicing ``In too deep`` by Sum41:)
In japan, girls give chocolate to boys.
Aroud 328 people& nbsp; died.
Last week, my classmate who is& nbsp; now a& nbsp; teacher. Told me that& nbsp; two classes have been& nbsp; Cancelled, due to the H1/ N1 in her school.
I think I have a responsibility to remind you, my friends, to pay more attention to your health.
Personally, I insist that health comes first.
I am looking for people who can teach me English.
To tell you the truth, I felt sorry for him, because he really looked sad...
I went to Izu and Kumamoto in this summer vacation.
Umm I still don't know what to write about. I definitely need some help, because I never have time to practice my written English...
AlthoughI don't know how to use it.
It rained heavily today.
Especially if you take two totally different language courses, it would drive you crazy.
He played football till he was a highschool student.
And I'll correct entries written in Korean on Lang-8.
But after a little training, I learned to operate it.
In the end, we choose to wait for the special bus because it was more convenient.
Heavy raining!!
It is hard for me to concentrate on my studies.
because my friends all have girlfriends, except me!
from IT technology to people's values.
The Tokyo Electric Power Company said ``We will use the accomodation later as we don't want the field workers to dirty it.``
Therefore, I waited for her at the station yesterday, so she was pleased as well.
And by this morning I'm already almost finished!
He can speak intermediate level Japanese, and would probably be able to explain English grammer in Japanese.
Now, I rarely talk with people even in Japanese because I am busy with work.
Therefore, I decided to run at my fun-run pace.
It is very beneficial means to learning a foreign language, so I'll try to use it when I have time.
I have been having toothaches these days.
The TV program showed/ explained that the children of immigrants who had to go back to ``their mother countries`` were not receiving adequate attention. (by whom?)
I would like to study abroad.
Generally speaking, most Taiwanese are warmhearted and friendly.
He then had an operation at a Nanjing hospital where the doctors removed half of his lungs.
Now I'm not comfortable eating hot and spicy meals...
Then, I talked to many people, but I couldn't communicate well.
And now, I want many foreign friends, I wanna talk about many things.
I guess this is the most important quality that I write until now.
Moreover, a thoughtless act or remark can spoil a perfect relationship.
Recently I take a shower twice a day.
Members arrange a meeting in the local area via twitter.
I try to do exercise but I usually must open the window all the time. Today I did not read but I will be at home after I finish in the internet room. I bought fruit before I took the bus to go home. I eat on the bus a lot. I have a headache like I drank beer.
I recently haven't been to a music concert so I decided to go to a concert.
Something happened to me that put me down.
I get up every morning and feel like a loser.
In fuct, I was studying meteorology when I was about 20years old, but before I knew it, I stopped being interested in Meteorology.
Today is a historical day because we could see a solar eclipse over almost all of Japan.
It means the electricity is cut off at a regular time every day.
So I found that electricity is one of the more important things in our daily lives.
I made a big effort to learn, because this is so interesting for me more and more.
People in Canada usually put their foots on across a seat in the bus.
A few days ago, I was complaining to my boyfriend that I'm so envious that others can have fun all the day and night but I can't, he said nothing but ``that's what you chose.`` I was so depressed then, because what I want is only some comforting.
The man. was a Canadian
But my new office is in the city, so I have to wear business suits.
Today, I bought a lot of new things to wear to work, for example: business suits, shoes, and so on.
I can control my computer to play a video from far away.
I was going to make a team but I coud n't after all.
I was sad and disappointed.
And I doother sport which are badminton and volleyball every Wednesday.
Although I don't know if I will get the best
By the way, I want to learn Japanese during my summer vacation.
I `m a student and I can work only at night.
I hope you can help not only correct my grammar mistakes but also develop my arguments.
Of course I liked them, all the same, I was getting sick of the colour gradually, so I asked my husband to paint it white.
But it seems to be impossible for me. hahahahaha
In elementary school, we are taught to protect conformity amongst the people in our class.
When I told them what time I started cooking that day, they were surprised because it was too long and pointed out that I tended to cook time-consuming foods.
Basketball, Volleyball, Soft-ball, Tennis, Table Tennis, Soccer and Jump Rope.
I played Basketball and Volleyball.
A couple of months ago, I took a test called TOEIC, which is a English reading and listening test.
When the score was annouced, I was surprised becouse I got a 930.
I was really gratifed and I was proud of my score.
He is a Japanese comedian.
The score is not that satisfactory, but I'm just really happy that one of the biggest burdens on my shoulders finally got offloaded.
There was interesting campaign against hunting cheetahs in Africa.
This campaign was led by the African organization of cheetah, and there were a lot of well-known people. For example, Oprah Winfrey talked about the horrible decrease of the cheetah population for 50 years.
Also I paid the organization $ 1000 so I can't go to the cinema with you, because I don't have any money now. But I'm very proud of myself and its so much better than this new film with Stallone.
Today, our laboratory will have a student from Mexico.
Foe example, we can get healthier bodies by physical exercise and improve our blood circulation.
Playing basketball is good for increasing the height of the body and improving friendships.
and I got your information from the internet.
These web pages are for your reference:
Giant sushi
I always gaze at my PC screen, and I make decisions whether the applications are similar to previous ones.
And I hope I will make friends with many people for international exchange:-)
You may think I stayed there very short time,
Suppose we could only get food that is tasteless or stinky; we might be able to survive, but we might also find life meaningless since the essence of life is gone.
Lucky enough as we are, we do not have to worry about this hypothetic tradgedy.
For this, I have been practicing speaking in English by using a textbook and a CD.
come on! God help those who help themselves.
So today, I want find (or make) some friends to help me with my English
By the way, I love Geo of ``Ugly Betty`` and I think ``Jim`` of ``the Ghost Whisperer`` is the ideal husband!!
We are a little tired, so we are taking a break right now.
We are waiting for an answer now.
I feel really good because I will not go to work tomorrow morning. I plan to go there later after I have finished reviewing some things at Sanamhoug. I'm really happy.
She teaches me like I paid her money and we plan to study English and Chinese together.
She is really nice and will teach me Chinese while I plan to help her speak Thai very fast.
I really like when she speaks Thai with me. So, on Sunday, we plan to watch a free movie together at Suvimvit 55 road.
I like reading books which teach me how to deal with the things in human life.
Before I left for the shopping centre, I looked up the collections of my favourite clothing companies online.
I started off looking round my favourite clothing shops, but they had nothing in stock that I liked.
I purchased them, but in my haste I made the mistake of picking up the wrong colour!!
I will study English.
Then I tried to add ice but the ice came out so quickly that I received a_ lot more than I wanted.
One thing I was surprised about was that the people on Car1 got off at Suidobashi station.
It is too difficult to become fluent in a ``no-English`` environment...
I'm interesting in seeing how the Japanese government handles
To acheive that, I should study English grammar and increase my vocabulary.
I think it helped me regain my health (get healthy) again.
Although I have learned English grammar for six years throughout middle school and high school in Japan, my conversational skills are not enough.
I'm in the lab waiting to assist students who are learning Japanese, but no one has come so far.
I have read a few blogs which say that olive oil makes vanilla ice cream more delicious.
Because it cools your body down, you consume the calories in order to warm your body up again.
I only go back to my parents 'home every autumn.
However, this time, it seems to be fixed easily.
But the computer was down with a blue screen.
My roommate, a Japanese, introduced me to this site.
I'm really happy to have known this site and it's a pleasure to show my 'useless' diary lol
I will take an English conversation class at the office.
It will begin from the 13th of October.
I always think and worry about my fears. Worrying about whether I can make it and what should I do if I fail...
This time, I bought English books.
But I'll try to study hard.
I came across an article on the CNN website last night which enumerated a number of useful sites specially designed& nbsp; for language learners just like us, and the lang-8 was high on the list, so I signed up and joined this big community, I hope my enthusiasm& nbsp; for learning foreign languages will be satisfied& nbsp; on this site, and also I'll be zealous with people& nbsp; who need& nbsp; my help.
I answered, ``I don't think so.
They don't get holidays or days off.
I am Korean and I'm studying English for an entrance test for a university.
Then I will go to sleep. I always sleep late.
I love MINISTOP's chocolate and vanilla mix Ice cream.
Now, my throat feels much better and I don't have a headache anymore.
I have been trying to find a friend for studying (?) Russian-English a long time.
The day before yesterday, the president said, ``Everyone speak English.
For example you can say good morning ``in the morning meeting.
I can speak in English to everybody.
Perhaps they are impressed by the boy's deep-rooted loyalties to his teacher but it seems like an effort is made to nip the talented untouchable boy in the bud by the nobles.
I walked forty minutes.
So, I started this site, and I also bought a DVD called ``CORE Rhythms``.
This DVD has gotten popular in Japan, because a Japanese comedian (woman) tried this DVD and she succeeded in losing weight.
The DVD itself was not funny, it was just a regular dance exercise video.
Especially, my vocabulary is terrible...
That made us laugh loud since our class is in warm atmosphere.
It was especially difficult because each sentence was very long.
I spend a lot of time drawing.
When I went to a supermarket last night to buy some frozen fishes, I was surprised that there was a difference in the price between frozen fish and frozen processed fish, frozen fish is more expensive than the other, it's amazing!!
I graduated from high school on March 1st.
But I didn't tear a lot during the graduation ceremony.
The show lasted only a few minutes, because the boss was back so soon, I had to stop the music and lhad to stop the dance.
It's been getting warmer and warmer by the day since summer is coming very close!
Today we watched the movie called ``An Inconvenient Truth`` which was made by Al Gore.
I played soccer with my friends in the park last Sunday.
I visited friends who graduated.
There are IT-English courses provided by my company, but they are rare, quite expensive and all the places are currently taken.
Catalonia (Catalunya) is now an autonomous community of Spain with specific characteristics like its language (catalan), its culture, its gastronomy, etc.
compete to get the best score
If you believed in me ``
If someone believes in you, you believe in the world.
If you know good way, please teach me.
I really appreciated that, especially my girlfriend.
Moreover, we are expected to have a wide range of information not only to teach all subjects but also to help students broaden their world.
Will they keep me standing until I concede on some issues?
Next week our family is planning to go camping in the forest.
Flour contains water, proteins, carbohydrates, lipids, minerals (inorganic substance) and vitamins.
By the way, he is a very naive person, as well as being shy sometimes.
As I have said in my self-introduction, I like meeting foreign friends, so I do feel desperately happy to meet or receive any information from them.
I have to write an essay on Japanese education for foreign students, and I'd like to know how all you Japanese learners really think.
Though I am a leader of my department, I always feel that I'm lack of confidence.
I told somebody, but of course they didn't believe me.
Until what age did you believe in Santa?
On another note, I bought a grammar's book.
because I don't like grammar.
Those who cannot pass the test will have many problems next semester.
That's the reason I'm able to learn it more effectively than English and I have more fun with it.
I live in Taipei now.
I listened to a worker speak about job hunting.
I think I have to aim and try to achieve the goal.
From now on, I will try to explain about the basic rules in Japanese.
If you need to be polite, you can say ``watashi ha hashirimasu``.
Regardless of the subject of a sentence, you must not forget to add ``ha``.
If you have some questions, I'm willing to answer you!
I tried to cook something like that even though I didn't know the vegetables.
And then someone in the Japanese EMI heard the album, and asked me why couldn't I write in Japanese?
Internet addiction
I am addicted to the internet.
I spend much time searching for information on the internet too.
She and her family came to Japan for work 21years ago and now, they've become Japanese citizens.
I am very happy to encounter a good teacher, but I always feel that to learn foreign languages in Japan, an island country, is really difficult.
Since I don't have any chance to talk with foreigners, especially in a countryside like where I live.
Sadly, I didn't bring a good camera with me, so I could only use my cellphone to take pictures.
earthquake in the Tohoku district and there being lots of the victims from it and the tsunami, some parks are asking people to refrain from hanami this year.
What I thought, though, was that the part time job was unnecessary at the test because there was no examiner who was a native speaker.
I promised myself to write a diary entry every day since I found this great website, but I already failed to stick to my word.
I was going to write this last night, but the temptation of chatting with my friend was so powerful even though there was nothing beneficial for me (it was just time-killing).
finally, I went to bed at three am this morning. what's worse is that I couldn't go to my class that started at 9 o 'clock.
Saury is in season now.
But actually, it is an old American car.
There have been rumours of match-fixing.
However, the rumours has never been proven true.
The Japan Sumo Association has decided to cancel the next sumo tournament.
Today, pastors and leaders from Taiwan, Uganda and Singapore came to our church.
(Someone said that this sentence is the worst opening in the world) I have just graduated from my university, in which my major was computer science.
After the coffee hour, he had planed to play soccer with his friends, so I joined them.
-The North-East direction is considered to be a source of bad luck.
I wonder when my toothache will get better
I am writing this entry on my journal at McDonald's, the famous worldwide hamburger chain.
in all the stores in Japan I can use my PC with the broadband network when I come and sit at McDonalds.
But in reality I can use the internet under the broadband connection of 20Megabite/ sec over a cup of coffee, which costs only 120 yen here in Japan.
I think I should go to the hospital, but receiving treatment in a hospital abroad is a little bit scary for me.
I was waiting for my friend in front of the school.
Kimchi has a strong smell.
The husband is a native Canadian and his wife is a Filipina.
I hate complicated movies because I can't understand the story as soon as I concentrate on the subtitles.
Jane is tired of dealing with customer complainants and wishes that she could do other work.
I'm a Cerezo Osaka suppoter.
Shinji Kagawa was a member of this team.
Now he belongs to Dortmunt in Germany.
Making friends is absolutely another goal for me.
I bought it, and of course I bought a battery too.
Would you explain these sentences below?
I was happy to learn that there is such a good restaurant nearby!
We had a big hamburger.
To take the side of Superman is very easy. He can fly and shoot rays from his eyes. He has super strength and incredible endurance.
I decided to take the Graduate exam instead of finding a job.
Although June has cool temperatures and cold rain.
words, spelling, grammar, and pronunciation.
Since Australia used to be aBritishcolony English in Australia is based on British English.
I'm going to write the text ``End N`` at the lower-right corner of the illustration.
She is one of the most famous singers in Japan.
One of them adores Ayu and she goes to Ayu's concerts all the time!!
(Of course, the contents of the concerts were the same.) It meant that she paid about forty-thousand yen only for this time...
I do not see Pepsi in neighborhood supermarkets or convenience stores.
Yesterday night, I had an argument with my 14 year old little brother who is in junior high school.
After finishing up the fliers, I will hand them out at the station.
Needless to say, they ate it greedily and quickly.
I think they are the cutest of all animals
Oh, I wish I saw many beautiful stars when out in Mother Nature.
If you know English and want someone to correct your Japanese sentences, please be friends with me!! I want many friends to help me improve my skill.
The morning was not so bad because the teacher was not so tired and had a sense of self-composure.
As the teacher felt tired, she became nervous.
As kids were scolded, they became defiant.
There are many flavors: salmon, cod roe, sea chicken and so on.
Suddenly, it started raining and I had to go home T T
I prefer Chinese, but I don't want to lose my Japanese songs and I don't have enough time to expose myself to two languages, the former for the fun of the learning experience and the latter for the pleasure of the songs of my childhood.
I want to see more colourful butterflies.
So people in Tokyo buy everything in the shops and I cannot buy water, rice or paper.
Yesterday, I went to Restaurant Hajime for lunch with my girlfriend.
My favorite dish was roasted lamb.
It was so cool that we felt very comfortable.
Let's plant good seeds in our hearts together.
[Please plant good seeds in the garden of your heart and you'll be happy for sure even if someone doubts it].
Please tell me your thoughts about this.
My headset was damaged by someone I know, but I didn't want to directly blame her (for this incident).
After that, I became worried about my friends who are living in the area near the Tohoku area, the worst-hit area.
One of my friend said that she is suffering from aftershocks and blackouts.
She told me that she is very scared because aftershocks occur from time to time.
They even use the wrong grammar (in lessons).
I really want to study English. Well, hope you can help me! ~
My husband is good at working with wood.
A couple of days ago I joined a team, that was created, to have University students translate English into Korean.
Our team's slogan is to be in the middle of the world that is emphasizing indepedence and creativity.
I went to the building near the Pusan city subway station to attend OT.
So my primary problem is pronunciation.
they lost to the Orlando Magic. (;_;)
It was a little gross, but I liked it because its plot was easy to understand.
The only way to make me happier is to find someone else.
Every year, I gave him chocolates.
I caught a cold!
(I evaluated this cooling system-It is weak.)
I went to the department store on New Year's Eve to buy some ingredients.
On the morning of New Year's Day, many people go to a temple or a shrine to pray to achieve their goal in that year even if they don't have any religion.
The story is mainly a pirate adventure, and the characters also have special abilities that are similar to Naruto's Ninjutsu.
And, this drama satisfies me with the fantastic graphics and unbelievably surprising plot lines.
I normally play
I have a habit of checking the back of my hair a lot.
It is funny that even though I know my hair can't grow that fast in one day, I check it anyway.
I wanted to eat something for lunch, so I went to the kitchen.
I made macaroni and cheese yesterday, so I decided to eat that.
I looked for it everywhere in the fridge, but my lunch wasn't there.
Then, my hostfather came to the kitchen joyfully and began to talk.
I want to solve this situation.
About two months ago in the US, I saw a free trial service on a cosmetic company's website.
I only started learning English recently. I'd like to speak fluently, but it's quite difficult for me now.
I recommend it.
One of my friends went to Myanmar as a volunteer with her circle members.
I'm going to introduce some of the goods later.
It's too complicated> <I wish someone could teach me how to use it> <aah
Anyways, I taught one of my dog a new trick yesterday.
In Korea, there are four seasons which are clearly different from each other.
In the evening the weather was good so we played badminton for a long time.
When I got it, at first, I suffered from tremendous pain for 2 days.
Many things have happened around me during that time.
That's why I'm writing a diary at this time... It's 6am in Japan now...
This earthquake happened when I was traveling in Europe.
I've never seen the foreigners coming to sightsee in Tokyo after I came back.
All paper towels at the public restroom are a waste of resources, so people should bring their own handkerchiefs to dry their hands.
I answered, ``Actually, I dye my hair a little lighter.
I'm going to write a journal in English everyday.
Even though I visited Vancouver for 6 months to improve my English, my English sucks....
Anyway, China's National Day is coming, and we will have an eight day holiday all over China! That's so great ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
I want to be good at using the computer.
``Japanese scientific techniques are no. 1 in the world.``
An unforgettable movie
Unfortunately, I'll likely to have to sell my motorcycle because I'm going to study abroad in Victoria, Canada this September.
The Green revolution has brought about great benefits for humankind as a whole.
After he succeeded in making his own company and joining in the market, most of his friends have changed into green-eyed monsters.
The core concept of this theory is based on reversing the ideas of drawing a picture.
Until the last moment the mother kept hugging and protected her
However, I made a stupid mistake at the bar.
I though it was a straw, so I tried to drink using it, but the drink didn't come up to my mouth.
I was so embarrassed lol
What is difference between a mouse and a rat?
It felt (so) unnatural.
I want to make a business card and I'm thinking about my catch phrase.
I wrote it 4 times on paper and looked at the sentence before correcting different words.
I find out about me when I write the sentence like the diary. I feel happy and I wait for someone to correct it before I check it. I feel excited and I think today someone will help me correct it.
Futon is a bedcloth.
It is obvious that I am easy to make happy.
I know that it sometimes seems immature, but candies are my favorite, so they absolutely can make me happy.
do my best, even though I could not answer all the questions perfectly.
You know what they say: ``Winners never quit; quitters never win!``
And my mum, she is generous and lenient enough to make me brown bag lunches when I need them.
She satisfies my familie's culinary taste.
Whose is this car?
Whose car is this?
They have three rooms decorated with many accessories that are hand made by the LIFE STUDIO staff, and You was taken about 70 cut pictures.
I have to read some scientific papers by tomorrow.
First of all, your families are always near you. This means that you can learn what you want to know anytime you want to from your parents, brothers or sisters.
When children are troubled by their relationships with their friends at school or solving their homework, parents usually tell their children kindly what to do for problems, and what they teach will remain in children's memories forever.
In general, the things people learn when they are little are hard to forget, and sometimes are indispensable teachings for their life.
Agemanju is very delicious.
One of my co-workers is Filipino and we talk in English although I am Korean and she is Filipino.
And when I work with foreign teachers, I feel the cultural differences more.
I swim at gym once a week but my output of energy is smaller than my input (eating).
At that time, I believed her.
We held a farewell party for him at an Okonomiyaki restaurant yesterday.
(Okonomiyaki is one of the most famous Japanese dishes in the world.)
the most important thing to remember is one that I didn't spent the time being with my family although I'm the only daughter.
I practiced pronunciation this morning with my teacher over the internet.
But today I enjoyed my lesson because I did my homework.
I want my own domain and I can pay for someone to create my homepage.
Writing in english is little bit challenging for me.
He said, ``I was raised in Japan until I was 14 years old and then moved to Portugal due to my parents' work, and now I've been living in England for almost 3 years. ``
In August 2010, I left Japan for South Korea to study economics, and Korean culture and language.
I couldn't say anything in reply because I could not speak Korean but my Western friends could.
This is really helpful for foreigners.
I check meanings and example sentences, but it doesn't always work well.
Maybe I will be a tour guide, but not sure. Maybe I will just use it for my own travel because I could get free access to some scenic areas with it.
These grown ripe are very sweet and tasty.
Her grandparents are coming over for the festival too,
I wonder if an school athletic festival is commonly held in other countries
Summer vacation will be over this month.
I was lazy about studying English.
But he only talk to me for about 10 min, when he waited for the meal in a restaurant or only if he had spare time.
His house maid said his mother did not wish him to get married, because they needed his salary for the whole family.
When I was in his room for a few days a year, I was disappointed with his behaviors; watching TV, checking his phone, no talking.
I want to spend my time with my BF and have dinner together.
In particularly, after his anger surprisingly hurt me.
I had a BF, but I cannot talk, called up, share any ideas, no opportunity to go out often and have a temper.
I'm looking forward to receiving it!!
I will hang out inIkebukuro and eat some nice food.
The correct sentence is: ``Would you call me a taxi?``
My teacher told me not to fear using incorrect English, but I absolutely don't want to make mistake like this!
However, this situation symbolized the kind of distorted affection and shallow nature some people have, called 'Naebi-geonsung', boiling fast and then getting cold just as quickly.
I am hungry
I prefer low sugar to high sugar and I prefer fruite cakes to vegitable cakes.
Give me news of you regulalry and also news of your mom, your dad, and your brothers and sisters.
At first, my friends didn't want to watch it but I recommended it because this movie is made by Disney.
I live in a rental house, so I called the owner.
I can wash my face comfortably because the sink is new!
what can I do about it?
Maybe she had gotten influenza.
All activities were great, especially The Hallywood (Hollywood?) Ride (this is a roller coaster) and Spider-Man The Ride.
While in the US, I went to the Starbucks.
Still, I go to Starbucks becasuse I can spend a longer time studying there than at other cafes.
I am working in a Group Home, where old people who suffer dementia related diseases live, and we take care of them.
I think I should explain my situation first. I have been living in Australia for a year and 9 months in order to study English, and have been living with them for about a year. They are really nice friends so I want them to see my home town where I was born. The Zew Zealand friend also took me to see her country this past January. I really want them enjoy this Japan tour, and it will be a good chance to be like a bridge between Western and Japanese people, because one of my dreams in the future is to become a transrator so I will be able to see how good my English skills are. We are going to go to Okayama (my home town), Hiroshima, Osaka, Kyoto, Shizuoka and Tokyo, I can't wait to go there:)
At first, I didn't believe it because I thought it was a joke. I lacked confidence at that time.
I talked on Skype with my router.
I worked today.
It was a sunny day.
But after I entered a university, I realized that I can't speak English as well as I would like.
If people eat it, according to the animal experiment, it causes kidney calculus and then finally becomes carcinoma.
I disagree it, because I think people will not be motivated to do their work.
That will make me more stressed.
In our lifetime, about 100 years, we are supposed to choose only one person to have sex with, but sometimes people try to choose two people at the same time.
First, when a couple gets divorced after 10 years of marrigae.
Second, when a father or mother has a relationship with other man or women while still having a life as a family.
However, I haven't received any satisfactory replies so far.
What I am worrying about is the fact that if I can't find a internship position this summer in Shanghai, I will have to go back home and stay there all vacation.
After that, I'm going to study English at the ECC school.
I was only free for a short while to buy vegetables and chocolate in the city;) I need chocolate to reduce stress;) And now it's time to go to bed.
The event was canceled, due to the over crowding at the race track.
The holidays are called Golden Week in Japan.
But how can I accept him?
And I look forward to drinking with the teachers because I promised them we would go drinking someday.
But, I wanna write my diary on lanf-8 as much as I can!
They label the phonetic symbols beside the Chinese characters.
All Chinese students begin to learn pinyin for at least for 3 months once they start school.
I am still thinking about how humans can solve the energy problem themselves.
I keep searching the internet for answers but still have not gotten them.
Are you influenced by the economic crisis? What influence can you have on your country?
From now on, I have to prepare myself for the up-coming examinations.
That was the highest record ever.
(Yesterday I talked about a Manga Cafe. I'll talk some more about it today.)
I married fourteen years ago, but I don't live with my family.
Providing a good education for their child is also important though.
Besides, think more before what doing something,
The volunteer work is basically something like this: if tourists ask how to get to their destinations or particular places, we'll show them how.
And the girl (or woman, more accurately), who is much younger than me, was very cute and nice, and we talked a lot about work, marriage, siblings, friends, etc.
I went to Yoyogi Park for cherry blossom viewing last saturday.
I am studying commerce in Melb.
I still feel unfamiliar with Melbourne,
Most of the Arabic lands are covered by deserts, therefore the animals in Arabic are very special.
Of course, I've never donated blood.
All the professors have gone to the conference, I am having a break.
It said ``especially small penis.`` Then he laughed so loud at me.
Now you know why I can remember this word more easily than other words.>_ <
After that she is going to do yoga and I am going to go home full.
There all people were foreignerS.
Because I can catch my teacher's pronunciation.
I had a bad headache today.
By teaching your knowledge and trying to convey it as simply as possible, you can obtain deeper understanding about your knowledge.
I'm a university student, and I major in Chinese Literatre,
One semester of studies in Brussels resulted in unforgettable memories and valuable experiences.
Lastly, Brussels is a beautiful city to visit with picturesque places, numerous parks and museums.
My most favorite song is ``Lovers Again``.
This song is one of the most difficult songs in the game.
I'm so happy that I have found some friends here! I like to play games, let's discuss it.
I'm really sorry for my friends who are waiting for my pictures.
Maybe Wikipedia is better than me!!
I also met my parents and relatives.
I like to eat Umeboshi, Mozuku (like seaweed), and fried chicken!
Because I don't know!
However, when my first leg stepped out of my room on the way to complain about this to the hostel office, my cool mature roommate stopped me.
``A true/ real man will never be afraid of little insects.`` And he said with a calm voice, ``I used to be bitten by insects too, but now they cannot harm me any more, coz/ because I have already grown a layer of iron skin.``
I think it is a good opportunity, so I started& nbsp; my English diary (it may be weekly or monthly...)
Because my English class finished on Friday.
Please, would you become my friend? ``
I like that menu, but I have an allergy to cucumber and tomatoes.
I forgot to tell the chef to avoid those ingredients.
Yes, he started to feed them, but I have been taking care of them instead of my son.
My son is four years old, and he is too young to feed the larva well.
As summer is coming, cockroaches appear in the kitchen, my room, and everywhere else.
As you know well, this is a traditional tactic of ours. (``For us`` is okay also.)
I am writing a diary in English because I have a few pen pals and I want to improve my English skills.
He is the president of his company.
The race in the North America is not good for people in Japan because of time difference.
I went to Chinatown in Yokohama on New Year's Eve and celebrated the new year there.
It was yummy!
Anyway, this is so famous in Japan that bananas used to sell out lol If u are interested in this diet, try it ~ I've never tried this though ~)
Our class has Korean, Japanese, and Taiwanese students.
They're good classmates who are studying with me.
My teacher is American.
Citizen watches Japan cannot supply just the parts.
but he is going to be deployed to one of the government offices because he got in a car crash several years ago and doctors implanted some metal parts in his left leg.
I've ever seen either but I still believe they exist.
Places has identical features.
These last few years, I have come to love the beer, ``Kirin the Premium Muroka``.
My band favorite is Green Day, the best punk rock band, because they're irreverent, their lyrics are cool and their music has a lot of energy
Of course, amime is Ok.
The class always gives me stress/ stresses me out because I teach students who are preparing for their university entrance examinations. (It's very difficult and important for them in Korea)
I played the piano with my daughter in the concert for the first time yesterday.
Are people in modern society losing their moral values?
Nowadays there is a growing awareness that poeple in modern society are losing their moral values.
Every year, bullying at school occurs and it doesn't seem to disappear, rather it's becoming worse because there are some students who commit suicide after being bullied and the way of bullying is becoming terrible.
There are some pople who talk so loudly with their mobile phone in trains or buses, not considering other people around them.
Have you seen Avatar?
Yes, comics called Manga are part of our culture, there are many mangas for adults and Manga is translated all over the world now.
I used to read fiction when I was young had a lot of free time.
I went back to my father and mother's house.
then she claped her small hands and swayed to the song.
Jim Parsons's smile is cute. XD
Many flights have been cancled.
Anyway I had a chance to talk with many people, including a few members who I don't like...
I thought I would be late.
When I got to my office, the meeting in the morning had already started.
There is not much difference because it's Asia.
confuse: Both of them told me different information about nuclear plant so I was confused.
compete: 57 soccer teams will compete against each other this summer.
Recently, there was a big earthquake in Japan.
We appreciate it very much.
On the second day we went to an island near Kota Kinabaru, by boat.
We returned to the hotel and had a nap.
I asked `What do you recommend?''
There are many shops, factories, companies, and even a bank.
Then, he worked as a engineer of a printing company and a researcher of a medical lab.
Hi, today I bought an electric guitar on an internet-shopping site!
I decided to start guitar so I joined a music club at another college.
My senior said ``I advise an early start on guitar and you should buy a guitar priced between 70000en to 80000en``
She instructed me to call her friend who was a professional guitarist.
He told me his favorite internet-shopping site where he bought his guiter from.
And he said, ``I think at first you should try a cheap one and if you think you want to play the guitar more, you should buy a more expensive one.``
I trust his word, because he is very kind man (and my mother's friend)
Will you listen to my music, if I could play guitar very well? (haha)
They're really really cool pants.
They are my dream pants xD and now I will go to my summer house.
Potato chips
However, it can be hassle to wipe it every time.
I will be starting work as a computer programmer from next April.
If I was not able to understand slang, it would be difficult to communicate with native speakers.
Of course, I know it is important to learn these things.
I think something will change in Japan now that spring is coming.
It has been a very long time since I last saw snow.
She describes the mental state of women in a variety of situations in her songs.
They cry for a lost love and are delighted with a new love.
this season will be meaningful.
I'd like to tell Japanese how foreigners are interested in Japanese.
By watching NHK, I can watch many kinds of programs.
Plus, when I listen to English in a similar-way, I can't keep up with the conversation.
I heard that some mosquitoes (3) which inhabit in Australia are really harmful for Japanese people because they (4) don't have immunity for some types of mosquitos.
My friend was bitten by poisonous spider and she now (8) has fever from the venom. Her situation is much (9) worse than mine.
Geez, why didn't I realise this before?
But I will go there tomorrow anyway. I won't care about my ankle:P
When I was a kid, I believed that rabbits lived in the moon,
And so, I go to the small kitchen in the office and drink coffee.
I appreciate it if you check my English or send a message.
When I was 14 years old, she came to my house.
A very, very beautiful goddess stays in a toilet.
That's why if you clean the toilet everyday you can become beautiful like a goddess.
Because Stockholm is made up of many islands surrounded by the Baltic Sea.
I am a doctor, specializing in anesthesiology.
So I'm searching the Internet for a long time.
I take English conversation lessons online every night.
Soon after that, the problem was solved.
My reading teacher tells us that in this final exam we will have a reading exam, a writing exam, a grammar exam and a listening exam.
But I have things to do such as the laundry, buying food, making some plans for an exam, studying English and even editing a movie!
Father and mother r. work as teachers.
USA and Japan will go bankrupt
like the russian economy 1990
I even don't know what I can do for you.
Actually,_ I like more kangaroo more than beef.
I attached a picture taken through the window in my house.
This is the first time I came here, and I hope I could find friends to
By this tool, we can have more opportunity to practise our language ability I think.
We can share each other's cultures and languages.
I was really suprised and happy for her!!
Japanese horror movie.
Summer is horror season in Japan.
Japanese horror movies are very scary and interesting.
I so hated cleaning, especially washing floors.
And I like to rid of useless things.
I must will have to find myself very embarrassing one day, than there will be no stuff to through away.
Sometimes my friends are joking that someday I'll turn to Monica Geller.))
Three years ago I visited Rio de Janeiro, Brazil together with my friend and her mother.
They opened EVERYTHING: bags of souvenirs, pouches of cosmetics...
The Brazilian officer opened her bag and found a pack of umeboshi and was asking her what it was.
The officer opened the package.
At first, I was saddened, because it gave me a feeling that she doesn't think I am her friend because she always complains that she really wants to meet the other friends.
I registered on this site a few minutes ago.
Recently I attempted playing the guitar for the first time in my whole life.
I go to guitar school and have a fun time with my teacher.
But I want to play for someone sometine.
I want to enjoy writing my diary and get to know many people around the world.
One of my goals is to improve my English ability so I can communicate with foreigners.
If you understand my goals, please help me improve my English.
Usually, many Japanese spend the GW by going for an overseas trip or going to their parents 'home.
However, I had to go to the driving license centre, because my driving license was almost overdue.
Moreover, the driving license center was so crowded.
They overcome their weaknesses through religion.
'Cause I finished my essay just now.
So I cancelled my plan, and instead, played the guitar...
I decided to have a personal trainer at home.
Then I'll play tennis with my friends, study English, and apply myself to my research to graduate from my university.
Many Japanese English teachers use college entrance examinations as an excuse for them to stick to the traditional method.
Friends is so funny!!
I recently started watching the North American sitcom ``Friends``.
I ate an eel and he ate curry and rice for lunch.
Hi THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY ON THE WEB, I'm a studant of English. In Spain we have a bad system to learn idioms. (It's not like the other countries in the European Union), in those countries when you are 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 idioms, but in Spain you can't talk very well in English and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in French...
hahaha, I should learn as much English as I possibly can.
I worked overtime today.
I enjoyed this trip.
I started to study English yesterday.
I'm very tired.
Also, it was exciting for me to play with my niece!
I expect it will arrive tomorrow.
So at 10 o 'clock p. m. tomorrow, I'll be going to my hometown and maybe, the morning after tomorrow, I'll have been there.
I thought ``I need to learn English because I want to make a trip to somewhere
I would like to tell you about yesterday's lunch. This sounds more natural
First, they didn't separate the non-smoking area from smoking area.
In fact my teeth is not so great, since I didi n't know how to brush my teeth when I was child.
It was fun for me and maybe they also enjoyed the story.
So I said if you really clean your teeth, you won't have a bad tooth like me.
There are many interesting places though, but it's really crowded everywhere and rather dirty, and it also makes me very stressed.
My co-workers all quit their jobs because of depression..
but it is also very stressful work.
I am studying English now.
We didn't feel like sitting in a hot car so we went to there by bicycle.
It was a little funny because we rode down a strange road because my boyfriend thought it was too dangerous to go on streets where there are cars.
Someone else said, ``a teacher has authority because he can educate people on not only (academic) subjects but also ways of life.``
I understand any situations, they have a different purpose for using the SNS.
I know I need to be confident and patient while learning another language.
Anyway tomorrow is Friday.
She is going to have the baby in October.
But It's unbelievable that she is having a baby at such an early age.
I don't have a cavity, but my teeth are poorly aligned.
I have been studying English for many years but I am not yet good at writing English.
To improve my written English, I joined Lang-8 today.
This summer, I had an opportunity to contact with an African-American, but I could not understand what he was saying.
I went to a ritzy restaurant.
I always nibble food like pizza, hamburgers and spaghetti.
A Japanese novel
I think that it is too difficult for foreigner to read.
She said, ``Outside it's very cold; would you like to borrow your uncle's socks?``
Of course, it's a very common operation but when it's happening to me, it's much more dramatic.
Today is August third. When I finished studying at my cram
I was happy because it hasn't rained in Taiwan for two or three months.
do to attract the man.
In Japanese culture, people clean their house at the end of the year.
I want to improve my English.
However, in the middle of (the) development, NEOREX noticed that the words ``Lifelog`` and ``Lifehach`` are becoming popular and more and more people are interested in recording their activities and making their lives better with ideas and tools.
Normall, y $ 20 a week for each person was the regular price.
Everyone who registered on this site would like to practice, and they need people to correct their writing skill.
Since I am not an English native speaker who is familiar with writing skill.
So I concluded that my learning process is best experienced from other peoples mistakes, especially the best writer and a brilliant helper.
Yesterday, I went to an Onsen near my home.
I have nothing elseto do so I powered on my laptop and amchecking thelang-8 site now.
Different from our Chinese TV series, plots of American ones are more intriguing, which are containing more information.
So I choose this picture which was taken at Fushimi Inari Shrine which is famous for having thousands of Torii in Kyoto 2010. 12. 31.
So today we'll go there together.
I hope our conversation will be fine.
First of all, regardless of living in a global world, we still cannot stop wars and many countries have illegal weapons.
Although the human lifespan is longer than ever before, we still have to combat diseases that are lethal to humans and animals.
Maybe some news from officalsare not true.
I was very perplexed but I managed to explain my innocence.
It happened at 4 o 'clock.
I ampleased when I can hearthem singing.
However, I was just lazy temporarily.
Everything that I do is recorded and is going to accumulate in my body.
I studied English at school 6 years ago and now I'm trying to learn it again on my own.
He has been a fugitive for two and a half years and was hiding in my
Is this sentence grammatical?
I felt like a salesperson visiting the door.
I wish I could have these wisdom teeth pulled out, though rumours say that it would hurt the nerves and made one stupid.
There are a lot of tourists from various countries in Japan.
Besides, on Oct. 15th, our college will have its celebration of its 80th anniversary. I'm very lucky I can witness this important event, and I'm also very honored to be a volunteer for the anniversary!
I think that it `s important to study hard and have hard time (?) a lot when we` re young.
Besides, our team virtually doesn't have a player to replace my position.
It was delicious.
Last week I got a few orders.
I feel better now, and I can forget (about) it because I wrote my complaint here.
What a beautiful and wonderful movie/ film it is.
On Friday, I went to my friend's birthday party at Shevron Renaissance. After that I went to ``The Fiddler``.
My first English diary has not been corrected, I do not know why not.
Since I have bad stiff shoulders, I welcom the campaign that we don 't
After three hours of simmering, however, it all came together. = It was okay.
We don't have opportunities to express ourselves in English.
I cannot explain the reason, perhaps Sengawa has a loungue atmosphere.
So, I would like to make some junk entries here which are completely meaningless and trash and from which I can't expect any positive comments or corrections.
Maybe because my summer holiday is coming, and there is only one exam which will be heldin ten days is waiting for me.
It was so palatable that I did not notice when I became really full.
Eating slowly makes the feeling of hunger disappear more quickly
I did not abide by the rule. Instead, I just pigged out and now I feel stuffed and somewhat drowsy.
Recently, I've been busy, so I couldn't write a diary in English.
So, I tried tonight.
For the first 3 months, I had been very busy and had not been sleeping.
It's because I want to improve my pronunciation.
But I don't know if my pronunciation is OK, or not.
When I went to a neighborhood beef barbecue restaurant, which has many students because of how cheap it is, two of my friends and I ate raw meat. My friends, not I, had stomachaches.
I hope I can return your help in the future.
Today, I read that Japanese law now says a nuclear operator has to keep the general public radiation exposure below 1mSv/ year.
I think it is reasonable because ICRP also said that the general public radiation exposure has to be kept below 1mSv/ year.
In spite of that, Japanese government said that it is OK to expose radiation upto 20mSv/ year.
I think this is too high, especially for children since they are more sensitive to exposure than adults.
Can you tell me the difference between ``can`` and ``be able to``?
What is they difference in meaning?
I brought her to a hospital, so that's why I'm late the class ``.
My husband, mother-in-low, son, daughter and me.
I'm a Japanese girl that's learning English at the Kansai Gaidai University.
The black car started to move again when the traffic light changed to green
When we crossed the bridge, there was a big intersection. The traffic light was (showing) blue.
If I had been caught, I would have been killed or beaten up by them.
Macaroon is a French sweets.
My daughter is really looking forward to seeing the house of wax
Today's menu is tuna sandwich and milk tea.
I look forward in going to the cafe every Tuesday.
Two or three years ago, I tried to learn English because it was needed for my job to communicate with my colleagues abroad.
Last evening, I got insomnia and couldn't fall sleep until 3: 00 am.
All kinds of things came to my mind: work, study, life, family, friends and so on.
It's difficult for me to hear speaking at ordinary speed.
I feel very uncomfortable today.
From last week, about ten people from Los Angels have been staying at her church.
Recently, there was a Christmas.
but I had a special day on 12/ 26.
when I went to her house, her Hong Kong friend Tiffany was there.
Then, I was very nervous.
cause it was the first time I've talk with a native speaker of English.
the year 2010 is almost finished.
the picture is of my breakfast I ate.
The doctor told me that the cause of the symptoms was my warped pelvis and
At first I had planned to travel with my friends, but at the last minute I pulled out.
But anyway, there was still a pain in my shoulder...
But I think that my writing is not good enough because I have no practice.
My Buddy, Koflach KC725 Racing Comp, because the inner was worn out, had gotten hard for me to ski with for a full day.
I woke upat 6 o 'clock this morning, then I got dressed and I had to hurry, because my friend and I were going to the beach, but he was late and I ended up (plus idiomatique) waiting for him for a few minutes.
You know the Vietnam War broke out in the late 20th century.
I think that America wouldn't have fought against Iraq and Afghanistan this time, if Americans had learned something important from their failures.
I saw it in a theater yesterday.
I'm so clumsy that it still takes me at least 10 minutes to open a can.
I am a member of soccer club.
But there is some fun in my school life.
We will conduct research for about one year, and our goal is to create a similar proposal for Japanese open innovation.
We are now learning about open innovation in Europe, US and Asia as compared to/ with Japan.
The next day, I took my computer to another specialist, he identfied the cause quickly.
I suggest you to employ someone more skilled and with a better personality in order not to cause your customers to lose their time like me.
I said it is nice we learn about other countries.
I like my country but I also like other countries.
One of my friend asked me before whether you like other countires because you don't like Japan because most Japanese that go overseas because they don't like Japan.
It cause of my country's system, I feel.
And I know that I am curious about all things, and it doesn't matter whether it is in my country or some other.
I was happy because we talk about each other.
And I touched a hamster.
I couldn't use all of lang-8's functions before by iPad, but apparently now I can use all of the functions by iPad.
Would you mind telling me how to get it at the discount price that your invitation letter said.
This evening, when I loaded on the news web 163.
He was only 48 years old. He was very excellent that almost every Chinese man knew him through his news report program.
There are more diseases from pollution of our environment, so we should protect our surroundings in every day life, so we can enjoy our beautiful lives.
This month I have written 48 journals.
Can Japan national team win the game?
The announcement said that some people might have a heart shock because around the top of some attractions, the temperature was too low.
I am going write about a person who is not only respected, but also successful.
I have learned english for more than seven years now.
My mother recommended that I buy a cheaper one, but I wanted to buy an umbrella with cute characters.
I'm looking forward very much to sees my friends and family:)
Though I can't help worrying about places that have been affected by the earthquake, I'm going to go out more frequently.
I feel refreshed.
Though it is not very long, there are some words that we don't use today, and some sentences are difficult to make sense of.
Because, the big earthquake came to Japan in March..
Here, I am studying EE (electrical engineering) in graduate school. This sounds boring and difficult to others.
I gotta go, so I hope you correct my English writing and that I can be your friend.
I found an interesting article in a magazine.
Does it Make Sense?
When I hear someone say ``Does it make sense?``, I have a feeling that the person is either getting impatient or just being rude.
However, I am not a native speaker. My opinion is not for certain.
and in one of episodes, I heard the phrase, ``getting back on the horse``.
Can anyone explain what ``getting back on the horse`` means?
Are there any differences between them?
Zousui is a Japanese risotto which is good for hangovers.
My wife's zousui contains sliced Japanese radishes which are supposed to be good for you when you are feeling sick.
Speaking of zousui, Japanese sometimes eat zousui or ``Otyazuke`` (rice immersed in Japanese tea) at the end of drinking.
However it is probably a strange custom for Western people. I had an experience being rejected with a chuckle by an American and a German when I proposed that they have zousui when they finished drinking in Izakaya (a Japanese restaurant and bar).
``Let It Be`` was released after* album but Abbey road was their last album, because they recorded it later.
It is useful to me because of the English subtitles and it's free to watch.
I am surprised by them.
It seems that I will have to watch the whole episode each time.
Indeed, sushi tastes good if the chef is nice and tastes terrible if the chef is not nice.
But traditional Japanese cuisine is different from sushi, tempura etc.
There are a lot of restaurants are in Kyoto.
But you can find good Japanese cuisine restaurants in Tokyo and Nagoya, too.
Becouse, I enterdmy bankpassward wrong three times.
In Japan Japan TABACCO INC which produce and sell tobacco is very influential in many areas, for example the media, the Federation of Economic Organizations and politics.
The tax on cigarettes is extraordinarily low in Japan.
However many politicians opposed it and the policy was abandoned.
There is a person who is against increasing the price of cigarretes in the medical field too.
He always makes comments in the media like ``what is the scientific proof that smoking is dangerous to our health?`` ``Can you prove the relationship between smoking and health?`` ``Of course I dont need to say anything about passive smoking``
It is obvious that smoking is bad for our health in Epidemiology, but he insists that there is no perfect explanation, so we mustnt impose a special tax and exclude smokers
I got a small gift from an English magazine company today.
Some Japanese are getting crazy about this, even they don't drink that much wine regularly.
Almost all the people there felt thered wine had a raspberry or cassis flavor.
The pregnant was sudden, she said ``I'm really happy, I've never felt like this before.``
Many of my co-workers helped me learn the new system.
I went to the wax museum.
The museum was brilliant.
When they looked closely at the airplanes, my elder daughter was frightened of the sounds of takeoffs and landings. My younger daughter also began to run a race against an airplane.
Oh my God, I'm crazy, first I don't love him, second I think he can't finish with her, but he doesn't listen to me. I don't know what to do.
I am looking forward to the dance class on Friday
Afterwards I was bitten by one of them and got hurted.
After that, I went to the hairdresser's.
Oh, my sideburns went away:D
They work for our subsidiary in America, but I had not met them before.
When they went back to America, They told me 'Learn to speak English and come to America!!'
So, what do you think about it?
Last Thursday I got a homework assignment to write an article about a famous sports person using emphasizing phrases.
and this is the first step to learn English!!
I have never studied English seriously before, but I believe that my English will improve if I study hard.
The snow is beautiful, but it's so cold:(
But I am still looking forward to going to Taiwan.
Unfortunately it was very windy and cloudy.
Kim Yuna's performance was excellent!!
If I spoke more English, I could make many foreign friends.
So we laughed.
Of course, money is very important for living in society, yet, we should not forget that this is an illusion made by human beings, much like laws and countries.
My niece who is 5 years old came to my house and gave me a souvenir yesterday.
Twenty minutes later, I found that my stomach was making some sounds.
I couldn't concentrate on the exam.
Tuna is reallygood, so I hope thatbreeding tuna will be achieved in the near future for tuna loversall over the world.
He said to CNN that ``I can do anything, I can be anything``
I often watch several sports games after I finish exercising and studying.
It's a live meeting by phone.
There were people who work in other countries participating in the conference meeting.
Others are hanging wind-bells and bamboo blinds as devices to create that ``cooler feeling`` for getting relief from the summer heat.
In Japan, we can watch it on Sundays, so I am in the habitof watching it.
Creating a virtual life that/ which correlates with your destination is the best way to get it.
When I get tired of studying, I can take the stiffness out of my face.
Today, I am joining the big family (lang-8)
I am a chinese girl. I want to make good friends here.
I'm a beginner learner of English.
I read an English newspaper about art in the morning.
I tried to memorize new grammr (grammar) for the next lesson.
Today I met a foreign couple.
I heard that there are a few foreign people who don't eat raw fish.
The woman was almost not eating raw fish.
Recently I have had a keen interest in taking photographs again.
I am sitting and enjoying the view from the window of the hotel and I feel a bit regret because I am going to leave Nha Trang tomorow.
So please search for me!!!!!!
Some people say it is due to the influence of electromagnetic waves.
I could 't eat it 1 year ago, but now I am familiar with the spicy curry.
On the way to there, I found the big rainbow crossing a river.
And If I have Chinese friends, I might come to like Chinese as an individuals at least.
I believe her rival, Asada Mao will do better next time, ^ ^
although in today's game, she made some mistakes..
If you want to say ``of coffee``, then it would be qahwatan (``tan`` is fatha plus tanwin).
When I was busy, I just wanted to have free time,
I have an appointment with my friends tomorrow
Good morning everyone.
I go see my nephew, who had invited me.
The first time I was in England was 4 years ago. I liked the indie rock music of the UK, it made me want to study English.
I hated English, but now I like English!
Rakugo is one of the Japanese traditional art of storytelling.
Our oldest son went to Australia this summer for a week.
Fortunately (fortunately) Grace got her space in the car.
My husband set up the hummock between the trees for the children.
First two years, it was very hard like I've never experienced.
I hope it will be good opportunity to get my motivation up.
In my prediction, Hideo Higashikokubaru has a slight advantage over the others because of his publicity and his achievements as the former governor of the Miyazaki prefecture.
When it comes to the types of damage done to crops, in Australia ``fire`` was the greatest
After that, we went to a bouldering gym.
Bouldering is a sport in which you attempt to climb a wall about 5m high.
We practiced bouldering for about 2 hours.
First of all, I have to thank ``jupiter827`` and ``Tokyo_ Girlie``, who answered a lot of questions for me. It was really helpful.
This morning, I suddenly wanted to make a Spanish omelet.
I really missed her Spanish omelet, so I decided to make it myself.
Instead of potatoes, I put tometoes into the omelet.
I recommend you try it when you make an omelet.
I am turning into a lonely person.
When I was young, I fell in love with American-style junk food such as pizza and hamburgers.
At frist I thought that is like English language but not really, It is for people who cannot hear so they converse through signing.
good night from Thailand now.
I went to a chili festival in Fremantle today.
I hear that the best way to studying English (especially reading) is to start by reading very easy/ simple stories.
I'm sure this isn't my general level English because it only measured my writting skills.
I invited two young ladies to come to my hometown, Kamakura.
The first video clip was taken in Torres del Paine, a place near Chile.
This place is coincidentally located in South America like the the place I introduced just prior to this.
Since I didn't answer with the number of the apartment, he asked me again (a bit louder now) where I was going.
She sent me an e-mail, informingme how she's been geting along.
During this time-space travel he found his first love, Livia Beale starring Moon Bloodgood, who left him without saying goodbye 8 years ago and disappeared since then.
I decided to go back to Japan.
I'm going to Turkey!
I'm going to Turkey with my customers tomorrow.
I met with my friend's friend last night.
Basically, this is the first time I have spoken with regular people.
I will keep on making an effort to write the English diary on Lang-8.
They should control themselves although there's the word 'youthful mistake'.
avoid: We should avoid direct conflict when we disagree.
delay: The flight from Taiwan to Japan was delayed because a Typhoon was approaching.
interfere: Some kids say that they (?) don't want their parents to interfere with them, but actually kids can't live without their interference.
Answering my own question: interview style
Nara is one of Japan's more traditional prefectures and is famous for its deer.
I have just joined this site and I don't understand how to do corrections, not comments.
I tried to correct some people who want to learn Russian, but I could only leave comments.
And She recomended me to do it.
But the classes will start the day after tomorrow!
I have been so depressed and sad because he was leaving.
he didn't want to spend four days with me before he left just because he is tired of seeing me depressed.
I'm going to Glastonbury Festival from Wednesday.
Or I want to go backpacking around Europe.
Autumn is just around the corner.
Everybody at the circuit immediately regarded him as being special.
Only optimizing programs so that they use the CPU or multi-core CPU more efficiently makes me happy.
And my teachers can't do anything because it is my friends 'last year of high school lol!
So I'm happy because the holidays are coming and I can get out everyday with my friends =D
I want to go to America, Britain, and Australia.
I would be grateful if you could correct all my mistakes.
I am studying at the Gymnasium No. 32.
Minsa is very well known. This beautiful woman fabric can be found in gift shops throughout Okinawa.
They are made in the shape of a legendary animal and are usually placed on gates and roofs to ward off evil spirits that may harm the people, their families and the village.
My friend said his relative who is fifteen years old is going astray recently.
those are very expensive in Singapore.
For example, a cigarette is triple the price of a Japanese one, also alcohol is from double to triple price of Japan one.
Additionally, the government manages them strongly and if they go wrong once, it's very difficult to recover their career.
They can buy cigarettes and alcohol, and also drug.
We watched a comical movie and drank together.
Recently, on Saturday and Sunday, I helped out at the preliminary games of a senior high school baseball tournament.
In particular, I activate the electric scoreboard whenever the teams get a strike, ball, out, etc. I also keep the score. It's very fun because I love baseball so much!!!
I am taking theTOEIC test, which is a famous English test, next weekend.
This hotel is managed by a nice woman, she is about fifty years old and she treats us as if we are her own daughters.
What I learned from today's lesson is that I have little vocabulary, so I decided to do some difficult paper work.
There are four different plastic bottles and a can of green tea.
If not, you should go there for a day trip from Budapest, otherwise you will be obliged to stay at pricey hotel.
I caught a cold.
As you can see, they were almost naked with the exception of a Fundoshi. It is a type of Japanese traditional men's underwear; I don't have my own, unfortunately.
Sometimes, though, it is really difficult for us to keep our motivation high to do it for a long time.
Although, It was so chilly, I felt very good.
I thought that art and business are unrelated. (or unrelated field, right?
She also is interested in social welfare and social irregularities.
I don't agree, which one is right?) although, no doubt about that he is much more famous than she.
Besides that, we want to go to seoul tower.
I have never experienced eating outside, so I want to try a street resteraunt ^ ^
Nonetheless, there are many buildings here that are several hundred years old
In software business, English is one of the most important languages because almost all major software is created by the USA.
Technical documents are written in English.
The time for enjoying the blooming flowers this summer was so short; I felt sad.
It is Kansai-dialect.
Please help me with my English.
I had a good time with the little cute girls.
The TV program is going to be on until 0: 55 a. m, therefore I'll have set it to record!
I was going back to Tokyo form Izu on Sunday but I couldn't because of tsunami forecast caused by Chile's earthquake.
Railroad company decided to stop all their trains until 5pm on Sunday.
Many news sites provide us with voice files and scripts of the everyday news.
Nevertheless, some companies still take advantage of the Japanese with 'English complex' to advertise suspicious items.
When I see a sentence or a word, I can remember the meaning of it.
The king said to one of his servants
if we bring one day from January? ``
Janually is an auspicious month.
from February? ``
All children have dreams.
But I think a lot of college students don't have dreams anymore.
I bought some English movies.
I don't know what I should do.
I thought I had to spend time at McDonald's or a place that is open for twenty four hours like Karaoke box, but luckily I found a private room at a net cafe even though rooms at the net cafe don't have any locks and it's a little difficult to sleep without thinking about security.
I had a banquet today in Japanese restaurant.
Probably, the picture makes me who I am.
I believe my dream will come true.
But now, I noticed that I'll be having my presentation tomorrow.
When I was young, I read through this comic.
I am happy today, I can spend time checking e-mail and reading English books. I can write English too. Tomorrow I must arrange a document for the employees in my company
I have a job far from my house so I must feel tired every day when I get here. Before I go to the company I cook food to eat there. I can't cook a lot, just omelette.
I must read books before I sleep today
After watching it, I became positive, and I think It is important to don't be afraid of anything.
Her director recommended her to quit because he thought that her work was not important and that the other staff could do it instead of her.
I have a boyfriend who is younger than me. He is 6 years younger than me. I was in love with him a lot in the beginning 3 months but now I am confused whether I love him or not?
We have been together for 7 months and we stay with each other all day.
Recently, I have had a problem with my neck after I hurt it 2 weeks ago.
It is very useful and makes it easy to write English diaries on the train.
I want to become a translator especially of the movies.
It will be so hard wrok because words that translator can use in a line is specified by the rule of translation.
I don't know how long I will spend time, but I want to become a translator
Well, I'm going to buy some ingredients for our lunch after this post.
In this country, foreigners can't buy flats except condominiums which are super expensive.
But there are many foreigners in Singapore, and according to some websites, 45% of people in Singapore are foreingers.
In Japan foreigners still can rent rooms from real estate companies.
It's definitely because many people want to live in Singapore for the rest of their lives.
I know that English is supposed to be people from England.
Is this correct?
Learning a language takes/ requires patience, motivation, and opportunities to use it.
The mouse 'name is Chu. I created him. He can fly because he is a supermouse.
He knows he is special.
They should have considered their plan more carefully.
I had a vaccination against flu today so that I won't catch the flu when I take the entrance exams for university.
I actually like having an injection, but it hurt much more than previous ones I'd had:-(I have to have it again next month...)
Also, I want to know which Japanese grammar I should introducefirst when I teach survival level Japanese to my foreign friends
Today I went to a Yakitori restaurant with my family.
coated with a sweet soy-based sauce called Teriyaki Sauce. Do you
I can guarantee there are no young Japanese people who don't know this song
I read a few pages, it is very interesting!
I'm looking forward to continue reading.
My recent worries are that it is too hot in Japan, and my back is aching......
He looked embarrassed because I didn't get angry before.
``The Academy consists of many departments:
The Academy also includes/ There is also the Institute of/ for Advocacy and Municipal Law, and the Institute of European Law.
Professional educators* who have Doctoral and Candidate Degrees give lectures and organize tutorials.* more formal
(The)/ Graduates work as officials in central and executive bodies of power.
Some graduates later/ eventually become judges, prosecutors, and lawyers.
I was amazed by how realistically the author described the thoughts and actions of the main character.
What's Pirate English?
When I was trying to change the language from Japanese to English on Facebook, I found some other ``English`` es there.
What I saw on the screen was really unfamiliar English for me.
In Japan, customers always come first, so we have to treat customers like a god, so that kind of thing can't happen.
But I'm sure many people are stressed out and really want to relieve their stress, so I also think he is a hero!!
Other members didn't want to dress up as seafood but nobody stopped him.
Before I passed them my clothes, I thoroughly checked in my pockets, and I found about 60 dollars.
Children could carry out experiments.
Yagyu pays for other regular customers to eat food and drink alcohol.
Since then, he hasn't liked to drink and thinks that his vice is drinking alcohol.
They like to cook with sugar. Sometimes their dishes taste a little strange.
And I must mention the terrible traffic, Bangkok has the worst transport system I know.
For cities other than Bangkok, the situation is much better. Other cities are quiet and beautiful.
Time is useful and life is beautiful. Someone told me that and I believe it,
Although the weather was hot, I felt merry.
Because one of my French friends said that she will go back to France soon, so she asked me if I can take a leave and go to Taipei with her.
After I filed for a leave, she told me that she needed to go back to France earlier.
I felt really happy and sad.
These days I am busy because I have a lot of work to do.
Her American jokes make feel happy and I think it is the difference between American jokes and Japanese jokes.
We visited almost every city in Holland, but by far the most beautiful was Amsterdam. Now we've gained more experience, I would like to travel again some more.
Today I helped a friend with work from 5 PM untill 8 AM this morning.
in my country you can easily buy the ``fake`` thing.
I took a picture. they were my favourite cigarretes. (I don't smoke anymore.)
They were ``run out of,`` ``put off,`` ``put up with,`` and ``put up,`` but since I didn't know their meanings, I couldn't make sentences.
Yesteday we had a hanami party, it means a 'cherry blossom viewing party' in Japanese.
Most of the participants of the party were working everyday on weekdays, so (naturally) they wanted to sleep on weekends.
We shrared the only blanket and drank lots of whisky to endure the cold.
We often hear that foreign people living in Japan are surprised by the Japanese train system.
Today, I received a phone call from my family, because of the big earthquake New Zealand had.
I found Lang-8 to be interesting and very helpful to improve my English skills.
I was very excited about the after party on a boat.
So today I called the Apple support center.
I like to read books. If it's literature I can get into the story, if it's society books, they can suggest to me ways to benefit not only myself but also everyone else. But today, I just studied English.
My name is Shogo, graduated from Hiroshima University.
I'm good at creating new plans and unique ideas.
When I become a working member of the society, I want to make full use of my creativity and receive others 'opinions to make things better.
weil es viele Gegenden gibt, wo es selten regnet, und wo die Menschen immer an/ unter Wassermangel leiden.
The quality, the art, the characters 'emotion.
I want my writing ability to improve so badly.
I expect/ hope that my English and Japanese will improve.
The Lucky bags, called Fukubukuro in Japanese, are very popular... URL
I'm an interior designer, but I'm working as a market researcher now.........
Unfortunately, one young couple that sat near us were very impolite since they were discussing the movie very loudly, this behavior is very irritating when you are trying to watch a movie.
She released her new album in Japan.
One of the remarkable sub-plots is that at first, humans created robots for themselves, but at the last, it backfired on them and the robots nearly destroyed all humans lives.
My hobby is listening to music!
I want to study English to communicate with lots of people who can speak English.
I introduce you to my dear pet.
My family has a cat.
We decided to keep it, because we thought it was sad and loved the cat.
We thought it was a ``she.``
But I love love love him.
I wonder what is your opinion, dear reader...
time after time, unusual things and coincidences occurred more in my life.
nearby the river, there is a restaurant that served pizza straight out from the oven.
Self-introduction!!
I can help you with correcting your material written in Japanese in return.
This company continued aggresive overseas marketing, and as far as I know, today is opening day for this corporation in Japan.
I decided to study English again to accomplish that dream after I entered university.
I thought I was not good at English, so I relearned it starting with the fundamentals, such as pronunciation, grammar that I learned in junior high school, easy vocabulary and short phrases.
But I can't do that forever, I gotta make my new goal.
English is very hard.
He will massage my muscles and stick needles in my neck, shoulders and back.
The area where I am living is surrounded with many apartments and residents like me.
It's not the time for writing a journal otherwise I can't go back to my place and sleep peacefully.
I had a deep talk with my psychologist.
The reason why I don't rue the past is that I think no matter how much we try, we can't undo the past, at least with contemporary technologies, and there's no moment when we didn't choose what we'd done.
Usually it is rainy, cloudy and cool.
Did you see the movie Karate kid that recently premiered?
However, I am in Singapore now, it is clean and safe here, sorry poor Japanese workers, ``I AM IN SINGAPORE AND I AM WORKING NOW.`` You guys will have to work so hard and for a long time as slaves, no worse than them.
I felt shameful while watching the movie, this movie showed foreigners how disgusting the Japanese culture is.
That is why I wrote this letter to you.
Though it is the big city in the north England, I hear that living expenses are low and the people there are friendly.
Oh, it is not determined yet whether I'll be employed or not!
now, I am studying English.
I can read English books which are written with easy words.
As expected, after the announcement by the health minister about swine flu, many people ran to buy masks.
I went to a study group, so I could study for the midterm I have next Monday.
We studied for over six hours and afterwards, I was so tired.
That is because, in one hour I am going to see a football game and after the game, I am going to eat at a friend's house.
I decided to enter the Chinese speech contest this October.
I'm working at an English conversation school as a front desk personnel, but my English skills aren't good enough so I can't communicate with the native English teachers.
I saw on the news that many countries are praying for Japan, and give us aid; money, foods and so on.
Sometimes genes have a great influence on children, but the quality of upbringing at home and teaching at school would be more important.
It's a pity that I have not found this website earlier.
My son has been in the hospital for 9 days with a serious disease.
I want to speak this beautiful language!
And our school has farming class, so some teachers have to work in the dormitory,
but when my son enters elementary school, I will have to to do night duties.
I wanted to talk to other Japanese morons about how big Australian cheese burgers were with a stupid face.
But when an Australian Chinese staff member brought my meal to me, I was very disappointed with the Australian society.
I gazed/ stared at the cheese burger meal for 5 seconds.
When I started talking about the weird news, I found him under my table on the floor.
I have been finding books written in English for my studies.
Recently, websites introduced a lot of books and digital books.
Recently, free digital books were introduced.
Digital books have many good points, for example the digital dictionary software that we can use in digital books.
This April, almost all my friends are starting to work, so we won't be able to meet and drink easily; but I hope that we will meet and drink a lot together again ^ ^ They are precious friends to me.
Today there is a fireworks festival in my city.
But, now I think this is good for me, I've kept studying harder than usual since that happened.
Merry Christmas
Dear** Association Staff
I want to become a member of the** Association, and I have attached an application below.
I'd appreciate it if you could register me by Jan. 5.
I have a lot of homework, and have to make a presentation..
Yesterday my boyfriend and I went to a nice place.
Although it had been only thirty minutes since the festival started, the lobster was sold out when I arrived..
happy they understood each other before they had problems and
I'll be back on Monday, the other members will be back on Tuesday.
I wish I could get paid-holiday for Tuesday, but I can't.
I'm looking forward to going next Sunday.
Everytime I go to bookstore, there are so many foreigners.
So I believe that I already know English grammar.
I'm learning a group of vocabulary to be accustomed with it efficiently.
Shocking LaLa Mountain trip
We got stuck in a traffic jam on the way to LaLa mountain.
cockroach!!!
I couldn't believe it.
We killed `` five cockroaches `` that day and retained the `` corpses to show to the manager.
Of course, this sence of security is one of the attractions of Japanese way of life but unfortunely we often behave the same in other countries as we behave in Japan.
but it's very difficult.
I think my reading skills and vocabulary are good
so I've decided to write a diary in English on this side every day.
A part-time job will start tomorrow and school days will startthe dayafter tomorrow.
I am reminded of Steve Jobs, the CEO of Apple Inc., who gave a speech to his investors while wearing jeans.
Yet, English as a second language is so hard for me.
There is a very interesting phenomenon in Hong Kong.
nipple& pacifier
I'm not native speaker of English, and I don't like talking people who don't know well either.
Fortunately, I like to go on journeys alone, so I made the decision soon after.
To make matters worse, the cost of transportation fees is very high!!
Since then, his mother has slept in her son's bedroom for around one year, even though my patient's daughter recovered long ago.
I'm studying Japanese, but suddenly I wanted to write an entry in Engilsh.
but, after I came to University, there was no reason to study English.
So, after work I did a relaxation exercise at home.
That coaches (or instructors) are two beautiful (ravishing, gorgeous) women.
For example, I'll read a book, play on the computer, wash clothes etc.
Hello, everyone!
The invention of the computer brings us a technological innnovation.
Obviously, our life has changed enormously by the use of computers.
I like reading comics and watching movies in my free time.
If we had few vending machines, Japan would not have nuclear power plants and less accidents such as Fukushima would occur.
It is unbelievable. We never wear coats in September or October.
Even after my graduation, I will still often go the cafe.
Because my grandfather and grandmother were Finns.
These stories contribute to the understanding of Japanese archeology.
Thanks!
One of the Japanese formula races, Formula Nippon, takes place this weekend.
I stopped for 2 years and started playing piano again but with a different teacher:)
But I am scared of her during teaching sessions, because she gets angry easily and tells me to use my brain properly T_ T
I found this website in a magazine.
And surprised to see so many people here speaking several languages.
Do I use this site steadily?
Being nervous easily is my drawback and defect.
I tried to read 'Heart of Gold' by Neil Young.
Clearly, I lied intentionally when you asked me whether I will study in the USA.
I have English class, Math class, piano class, and Chinese class.
Anyway I don't know whether I can continue to post diaries.
I also try to read paperbacks (?), do some walking for my excercise,
I have studied English a lot every day, but I can hardly speak it.
I can't easily/ comfortably make sentences for conversations
Because my school work is interesting (very fun), so I'm having good time, but I will have to graduate from school next March.
I don't have confidence but I don't want to change.
I went to Canada to study (the) English (language).
I hope to speak English very well and to speak to people from all around the world.
I live in Vancouver, it's an interesting city.
It consists of 8 written test which will take about 17 hours and 7 multiple choice tests which will take about 5 and half hours.
A 2-hour written test on civil law, a 2-hour written test on civil procedure law, and a 2-hour written test on commercial law.
I have consecutive three days off, but I recently stopped jogging for a while 'cause it's too hot and muggy these days.
Today, I find this web when I look over the web of my friend. I find that it is real usefully for our to improve language level. I'm very happy that I can express myself here.
But we cannot decide on the country.
Last Sunday, my Taiwanese friend...
(And it was the first time for her husband to eat beef tongue!)
Yesterday, I ate and drank with my sister and my boyfriend at his house.
he cooked Cold Shabu, lasagna, and fried chicken.
It was very delicious.
I can bring some spring rolls and clues. (clues?)
He was teaching a half year seminar of gospel piano and he invited me to join. (It was not for free! haha)
The concert was very good and it became a pleasant memory for us.
There was an aftershock and the building shook like pudding.
And the 'progressives' insist that the conservatives are using the death of the North politician to strengthen/ improve/ further their political position.
Then, a gentleman from a foreign country escorted me.
I've always wanted to become an animator or illustrator, but right now I'm studying journalism.
First, the actors performed the process of dying with horror.
Second, the special effects were added to the preliminary video.
Illustrators put a worm's mouth on a hapless guy's head and then let more worms swarm on his body...
But my friend said, ``I want to meet their request. Culture is always changing, isn't it?
Of course, I like science but I really like English, too!
The heating system in my house stopped working two weeks ago.
It has pictures of sandwiches uploaded on it.
There are many unique sandwiches which were designed using ham and cheese to look like something.
My boyfriend washed the dishes after dinner; that's nice.
One of my colleagues will be transfering from Fukuoka to Tokyo.
After transfering, he will work at the headquarters of Japan's Air Self Defence Force.
The students in the class congratulated him on this great news.
I seem to always get into this situation.
While listening to music, we can eat american foods such as hamburgers, spaghetti, steaks and so on.
My dream is to go to Califolnia in the U. S someday.
Nintendo shipped 400000 game consoles, and almost all of the distributors were sold out within two days.
I thought they are famous thai foods.
... crowded with old people, young people, men and women in spring or summer.
Basically, the problem is that it's difficult to answer with accurate grammar.
Well, I will do my best! I'm not sure how well I can do.
Maybe people live within the foreign country for a long time.
Mariners starting pitcher is Doug Fister.
I like his pitching style.
I enjoy these programs a lot.
I was bit afraid to watch without written help.
There is comedy and romance in this show.
This sunday my French friend and I will play badminton.
I registered at this website today because I wanna brush up on my English skills.
Well, I'll write my next diary soon.:)
I went to a Chinese restaurant with a friend who is Chinese.
I mean, he gets his money from hisparents.
It will be released as a film in 2010.
50 years ago there was another enormous earthquake in Chile.
I saw through their sad or pathetic eyes so I decided to ask why
Recently, ihave not beensleeping well, so I took these drugs.
Sometimes we use foam balls or styrofoam, and when there isn't enough money, simply wrinkled newspaper sheets.
On top of that, local governments relatively far from Fukushima prefecture recently bowed to public pressure and finally started more detailed investigations on radiation levels.
Many typhoons come to Japan every year, especially in Kyushu where I had lived until after high school.
When I was child, I felt happy when typhoons would hit Japan because school were closed, so I didn't need to go to the school.
I went to bed hoping that tommorrow's typoonwould be very strong and it would bring much rains in this area
Of course, he was dead.
I remember him whenever any typhoon hit's Japan.
Weather forecast is currently saying that typhoon would hit Japan tomorrow.
Today I'll explain why I'm studying English.
While I was at work, the sound of an explosion surprised me.
Thank you for reading.
I plan to travel to Thailand next February.
And next, I will try to find very, very cheap flight.
I'm looking forward to visiting Thailand.
Recently, many water accidents have appeared around me.
The flow of the water was stopped because of the wastage of the filter.
One of my dreams has came true, and of course I will continue to pursue my other dream!!!
I bought 4 packs of Sushi and some delicious beers.
My neighborhood has a ghost.
That is to say, it's a scar of glory!
if you can't get a satisfactory score, it means you can't go to the best
I can write my mood or interesting things in foreign language everyday.
Yesterday, I went shopping to buy a present for my colleague.
Please give me your advice.
I was very surprised to hear that.
The weather (news/ report) said ``there will be snow``.
The only things that I need to do are to take the ingredients from
I am Biqi, and I want to study both English and Erabic.
However, I am rather inept at both.
I studied English in college <a very little bit>
But now I realized GPS systems are very useful and even the cheapest one is very reliable.
Very delicious sushi are very expensive.
As a matter of fact, I could hardly listen to what they were saying, because they spoke so fast.
Actually my pronunciation and intonation (?) were quite weird.
Everyone in our class was laughing out loud.
I called the ETS lost and found office and left a message according to the directions.
So far, I didn't get a call from them, but hoperfuly they will inform me soon.
At 5pm, we met at the classroom, and walked to the pub.
Some of them including a Swiss guy who organized the party for us, a Chinise girl and a South Korean girl were leaving Edmonton soon so we took many pictures.
I reviewed her plan, which was for a server hosting company's website renewal plan then I made a report.
It's a really nice place but there's something a little bit troubling..
``It is a good daily practice for me, so I can study English hard at the moment.
Even the pleasure boats on the Tosabori River were covered with jolly lights.
I happened to see the lighting ceremony, and a Governor of Osaka.
my student got driver's license.
The K-BOX has a free car service, so we took the car when we went there and returned back to school.
I think that life can be very hard and sometimes very simple.
All of them use English or Chinese or half and half, I am not sure, so I want to hear to your suggestions.
Second, I have sent all the agents '(have the VIP status) full names to you, please check them.
After that, could you get back to me ASAP?
I also want to drink bowls of gruel and eat steamed buns, which are not easily found at night.
To become a skillfull computer user.
I've heard that Japanese tend to follow the majority and reject anything different.
They always accuse me of being too stubborn and tell me off that why don't I accept other ideas.
Despite of his class, a Japanese professor (actually he was a vice-president) came in and started summarizing his story, even though he had 10 minutes left for finishing his lecture.
I saw the professor was upset about that, so I raised my hand and said to him, ``The professor seems to want finish his lecture first, so could you talk later?`` and I stopped.
Afterward, some of my friends came over to me and started criticizing me for it.
They asked me why I did that thing to a vice-president, that was too impolite and so on.
However, I also think it might be not about Japanese culture, just about me.
I usually try to take a nap, study English.
I lack exercise now.
Now I am dying to learn English, since I will go abroad to study next year.
Today is 16th of April, but it's very cold, so I'm wearing a winter jacket.
A Nurse of Indonesia. If I could polish me....
I don't like examinations even though I know we sometimes need them.
I think everybody is born with their own abilities and possibilities.
They really wanted to get a nurse licence and wanted to learn good Japanese.
But we have a lot of work to helping our patients.
I know that they were sometimes confused when they couldn't understand quickly what we were saying in Japanese.
Essentially, when we invite people from another country, we must help them to feel comfortable living here.
They say it is too difficult doing both work and studying a second language.
So, I brushed my teeth quickly and got ready.
I went to a Korean restaurant today.
I love Korean food.
He also taught some tongue twisters.
I don't know foreign songs well, but I like ``Red Hot Chili Peppers``.
I'm looking forward it:)
So I do my best to study English, and I made it a rule to keep a diary in English.
This term, I shall keep a diary.
But unfortunately, I don't know any classes for beginners.
The Japanese government sent her some gifts to show our gratitude because she donated a lot for Japanese people after the big earth quake happened.
I read a lot of articles about Michael.
Another of Guiland's popular destinations is Fantas, which has a museum that shows what life might be like in the next 100 years and also has many shopping centers to enjoy.
My native language is Chinese. I hope I can help someone here.
I have a chemistry experiment at my university on Thursday and Friday.
Unfortunately I haven't had any weekends to slow down a little, sit down and relax.
A long bath and more than only 5 hours of sleep are the things I need the most.
I think I did it badly when I chatted with you the day before yesterday. Maybe it was first time that I had communicated with a foreigner. When I wanted to say something I searched the related words in my mind, and I couldn't expressed my ideas properly.. My voice and intonation may be abnormal, I didn't know whether my speech was sounded a little impolite or something bad, if I had, I ask your forgiveness, I didn't do it intentionally.
We helped him in making the dumplings, but when (all the) people arrived, we noticed that we did not make eoungh for everybody.
I will go to my friend's house instead, and maybe we will drink a beer or some other kind of alcohol.
I watched the movie ``TRON`` last Sunday.
I'm going to have a Christmas dinner this year with my host mother, who I have stayed with before.
Last weekend I was going to get her family Christmas cards for Christmas but I couldn't find ones that I liked.
Last month I asked my friend, who is coming to Canada on December 1st,
I got a sunburn the day before yesterday, and later bought aloe vera to treat it.
Christmas is a big deal for me.
This summer vacation I have always woken up around lunchtime
I am interested to learn English =) I am also interested in Japan: I want to learn a bit of their language (I'm registered here for this) and its culture...
Then, we went to a Thai restaurant.
Although it was horror and I wanted to sleep, but I still finished all of the movie. When I went to bed, my mind was full of images of blood and guts! I should not watch horror movies at night........
But in the morning it is very comfortable!
It's my first diary.
I must say: Chinese food is so good, especially in Taiwan.
But my wife belonged to the brass band in her school days,
Althought Science and Politics have been developed suprisingly and Our lives have been changedto be mademore convinient, we are not satisfied with now.
It will be a really short stay.
I suggest drinking coffee without sugar.
I like watching movies with my friends.
Wakayama is an old town with a beautiful castle built during the feudal age.
To sum it up, VCS is a really a useful tool to backup the computer's files automatically and smartly.
I do not know the answers at all. In fact, I really want to improve my English. the title was ``ON Long distance education.`` oh, really difficult, right?
The day before, it lasted until two in the morning, so yesterday my husband wrote a letter and put it on his door.
I thought that I could write in Japanese here and then it would be translated from Japanese into English.
I went to Chinese restaurant with my Chinese friend.
After that, I teach japanese language for him.
I'm a shy and unsociable person.
After I finish my English lessons,
I think English is a language used to express things and Japanese is
Today, I attended a conference.
For two days now, my wife and I have been walking to the park early in the morning
The right one in the photo is Maccha Azuki (green tea and red bean), the other is rainbow:D
Today, I had seminars during afternoon, and evening, I'll return to college for more and more seminars.
I think, writing here is more comfortable for me, because I can think in English much faster (Yatta!).
Watashi wa supein ni umaremashitaga kodomo no toki, irelando to furansu nimo sundeimashita, sonotame, eigo to furansugo mo sukoshi hanasu koto ga dekimasu.
Watashi no otousan no okage de, nihon no bunka ni kyoumi wo motimasita.
Boku no nihongo no reberu ni tsuite, takusan no kuni ni sumimashita node, betsuno gengo wo benkyoushinakereba narimasen desita, demo daigaku ni benkyousuru koto wo hajimemetatoki, hitori de nihongo o benkyoshite imasu. watashi no otosan to watashi no nihonjin no tomodachitomo nihongo wo renshuu shimasu, rainen waseda no daigaku ni ikimasu dakara ryuugakusei desu.
I went to a bank to get a financial stamp to apply for a teaching license.
That was true.
Have you ever had any big disease or injury?
I really enjoyed it!
I'd like to go by car, but my car has been broken since 2 days ago.
I hope it will be repaired as soon as possible!!
I want to speak English fluently like an American.
I decided to go to America as an aupair this Summer.
I'm going to visit one preschool this Thursday.
But I'm a beginner at English, and I have never been to England before.
But in this class we did a wide range of activities using english. For examplewe sang songs, role played in front of the class, didyoga while following English directions and so on.
Also, it would be great to study another language, maybe italian or a slavic language (Polish, Serbian, Slovenian etc.) These cultures are interesting for me, and the words (are) not so hard to learn, I think.
Distance is not problem for me, because it only takes 45 minutes by train.
But the train ticket is expensive for me...
It was quite expensive, but the atmoshere was nice.
This is the reason why I have not been sleeping well recently.
I am a college student.
Normally in Tokyo, this occurs at the beginning of April.
Japan has a long and glorious history, good public safety and a strong army, Tokyo is one of the biggest city in the world, Japanese science technicians are the best ``.
The Japanese government and companies really know this fact.
Having such a life for one and half years, my English skills decline.
Because, there aren't famous Japanese celebrities in America..
Maybe Americans are not interested in Japanese celebrities.
I don't know why Japanese celebrities aren't popular in America.
A funny guy from Russia said that he realized Japanese women walk with short steps, and he thought that it was because Japanese women used to wear Kimono.
A girl from Sweden thought that it was because Japanese women usually wear high heels, and so they cannot take very big steps.
My favorite months are October, June, July and december.
Everyday when I wake up, the first thing I do is to power on my laptop and log into QQ (It is a software like MSN, in China it is the most popular instant messanger).
Have you heard or thought about the size of the vocabulary of the average native American or British?
I think the most important thing in learning a new language is to memorize a lot of words and idioms until you are able to read a newspaper without a dictionary.
I'm going to pick up one of my friends at Nriata airport.
I put emphasis on human resources development.
They seemed such kind and comfortable people.
I didn't necessarily take the exam light.
Unfortunately I was too hungry, dizzy, sleepy and sore in every part of my body
The oscillation continued for more than 3 minutes.
Of course, it will be more expensive but it can take more time. 0
It's not comfortable to live due to the bad plan of the house, even if we have some house renovation.
Gaga is at least being truer to herself than those who mock her and those who try to be as bewitching as her.
I couldn't contact her but I guessed I could meet her if I went to her restaurant.
Yesterday, I took part in an activity in my circle, university COOP.
Then, Shinobu Moromizato, who was the second money list player in Japan, appeared behind us.
Though she is the same age as my younger daughter, she is very courteous.
However I didn't buy anything because I didn't have any money on me.
So I replied to her on what I had been doing before and asked her what she had been doing too.
Straight after we made an appointment to have lunch together.
We spent the time just taking, using a lot of technical terms and eating a lot.
Forgetting their daily lives, two mothers enjoyed their past golden days.
We had grilled chicken there.
Especially the chocolate cake they served as a dessert was excellent!
I think, I will sleep all this week like death.
I normally get excited to see this unusual weather in Tokyo, but this time I hope that it will stop soon.
They tasted good, were healthy, nutritious and warmed our bodies.
There are sentences, which use both ``that`` and ``which``.
I am wearing a short t-shirt, which has blue and gray stripes.
It was very fun.
Secondly, without mobile phones we can spend more time with our family.
Thanks to the mobile, we can easily keep in touch with other people, make appointments and speak with long distance friends.
The mobile phone is not only for talking and sending messages, but also for enjoying music, taking photos and gathering information.
I was watching the final with indescribable excitement.
It's rainy today in Kyushu in Japan.
Actually, this is my first time coming to the US.
But a little far away from the port, there are a lot of hills.
If the flower's leaves are a beautiful green colour and the corolla is bright and pleasant colored it tells (OR: shows) us that the flower is alive.
I think that talking with somebody is a good way to get to know (and understand) each other.
I want to be a high school teacher.
Because I want to teach science to students.
When I was a high school stuent, I didn't like science.
I went to Barcelona by ship two years ago and I have no words to explain to you or, at least, to try to explain what I felt on that ship.
My position is forward.
my english is so pure that I wnat (want) to (make) some friends whose mother tongue is english.
Because Japan has isolation policy from seventeenth to nineteenth (centuries),
Japan was not influenced by foreign countries/ foreigners.
Lastly, he mentioned Japanese AVs (adult videos), which are considered to be pornography.
When I shelled the peas, I dropped one pea.
Japanese taste seems too light for him.
At last we went surfing.
Now I'm here writing my first posting, saying hi to all in this community.
Also, I'm interested in music.
I hope that I can do a performance on stage of their songs after finishing military service.
Sharing thoughts, opinions and my photos with my close friends is really fun and interesting.
So does it mean that I shouldn't go to Australia this year?:p
My husband's mother grew sweet potatoes last autumn.
If there is anything I regret about choosing to be a law student, it is that I underestimated the proportions of civil and business law in the field.
it is so hard to spend enough time to do what I have to.
Each of Japanese cake had a lovely, colorful shape, but 800 yen was expensive.
I said, ``Will you please sell me just one of these?``
The saleslady said, ``of course.``
Because I'm a Japanese, she might have been nervous.
Therefore, I guess our company recognized her skill and actual achivement and offered an extension.
I have to get lime sulphur!
You can get some information about the earthquake in Japan from the URL below.
I think that his is easier than mine!!!
The topic of this seminar is export documentation.
Watching movies without subtitles is my way of studying English.
American, British, East Coast, West Coast, etc.
I believe that their writing ability is probably equal to their speaking one.
But his English pronunciation was terrible. (I'm sorry.)
Recently I realized that writing is more difficult than speaking.
I've escaped written English training.
Perhaps you have problems when you are writing in Spanish because you don't know about the accent rules!
It is a superior souvenir for me.
And, I will give you a souvenir.
I think I've remembered about 200 words in these 2 weeks.
Fruits, vegetables, milk, chicken, and the ingredients for pasta like anchovies, dried tomatoes, dried mushrooms.
I transfered the fee to a convinience-store today, so the daywhich I can get it will probably be Thursday.
But I tried to write something even though it is short or boring.
The sentences, phrases and words are filled with his affection for children and nature, and his expression is so beautiful that I was filled with romantic feelings and was able to imagine each scene clearly.
I have read ``Grimm's Fairy Tales``, and Andersen's, but I feel that Ogawa's works are different from them, although they belong to the same category
I am an exchange student, so I need host family to live with them, and also there are some exchange students in my high school, they also live with their host family.
So this time they do want to change their host family.
I hope they will have new host family soon. They should be more energetic, otherwise they might have to change to another family again.
But today at dinner, she praised the cake, which I made, she asked me if I had made it?
Novac Dokovic became No 1 yesterday by advancing the finals in Wimbledon.
It was said that he is the eternal No3 tennis player.
Back problem
I have no confidence in speaking and writing in English.
and you know what? Japanese students who are in junior high school and high school have english classes 3 or 4 times a week.
and Fortunately at that time, I was really interested in English because I wanted to be American or someone who speaks English very well, such as native speaker.
I was planning to go to high school in America after I graduated junior high school.
It'll be so wonderful!!!!
My dishes are surely like paella in the sense that the recipe-book said so.
Am I making sense?
Some of them looked at the business hours but didn't catch the small words on the top about the holiday information.
He looked at me at once and suddenly he scolded me about my hair color!
He couldn't overlook that I seemed like I changed my identity and lost my pride in being Japanese.
So the next day, I had my hair cut really short, and dyed my hair black.
Beyond that, I only could tell him ``Thank you for everything, everything you gave to me.`` And I left his house with saying ``See you later``.
So I decided to try to take more opportunities to tell my friends, my juniors and you who is reading my diary what I learned until now.
I represent my honourable grandpa.
One of my classmates from college already got married last year. I'm a little surprised because it's only been two years since graduation and I think that their financial status may not be good enough for raising a family.
Since I need to use my English for my job and my boss scolds me about my poor English often.
Furthermore, I always introduce our culture if you are interested in Korean culture.
I hope we can become good friends.
Should I get married and have a family, bring up a baby, and find happiness in my daily life as my friends who look so happy do?
I got an early retirement when I was at the age of 56 after 33 years of being an electrical engineer.
Since then I have been studying English at ISS school, an English school in Japan.
After about five years passed, I have noticed I have various difficulties: vocabulary, grammar, and so on.
My friend told me, ``Noy, try to speak English.`` I could not hear my friend very well because the restaurant was very loud and I am not good English so I just said a bit..
Our 95-year-old mother had been spending a day at a local day service center.
That is, I always get sleepy after I hear the alarm go off, then I fall back asleep again.
We went to a good restaurant, and had a good dinner.
We have not seen each other for a long time.
It's okay!! I guess ^_ ^
I'm not supposed to have had anything to eat or drink, including water, but I already forgot and drank some milk tea.
I sat down there and thought about my future.
If someone asked me do you like english.
I'm probably making some mistakes since I am ignorant about this site.
The final result of the Formula Nippon Round-1
The final result was not bad considering it was his first Formula Nippon race, but most of his fans expected him to win because of his experience with Formula1.
I entered a site and chatted with an English teacher through a (microphone)
Today I was late for work again. I was late by 1 mintute.:D
KOICHI (koichiben) and Emily (applemilk1988) are youtube video bloggers.
They really don't care about environment.
Is this sentence correct: I didn't see my parents, because in the town fire had broken out and people must have been evacuated to save their lives.
My father and I plan to tend to my garden every Saturday morning.
Tough I reached my office late about 20 minutes.
I am Nana, I'm from Japan but I have been living in England since August, and I will be here for another ten months.
He took me to this stadium for the first time when I was 6 years old.
Of course, (space) I can do it.
We should try to get some beneficial information even if wecould n't catch some sentences..
Only the elite can enter this company.
Fukushima nuclear plant has already belched a certain amount of radiation there.
My sister who tied the knot with a man who lives in Yamagata last year and enjoy their honeymoon traveling to Italy, she got pregnant at the beginning of this year.
I have to pick them up at the pier soon.
I think today will be a wonderul time for us.
It's quiet and comfortable.
Already uncomfortable with muggy weather, their loud sounds makes me feel much more uncomfortable!
In autumn, the sounds of insects such as crickets, singing crickets or Japanese bell crickets, green tree crickets, and so on are very nice.
I want to know about your idea about sounds of insects from many people from many countries.
This is the first entry in my diary.
Beside that his speaking speed was so fast for me:(
Of course my English skills were part of the reason.
So what can I say when somebody's voice is noisy like in the voice-chat room?
He said this place is a good way to learn English.
But nobody asked me why I was late since they knew about today's traffic jam.
Most foreigners think that it tastes good too.
Coffee beans are more effective than Coffee Mix when on a diet.
I'm so sleepy.
I'm sure that I have a lot of mistakes.
or optimistic information, we wouldn't take action properly during a crisis.
I can only speak easy English.
All children, especially boys, have the experience of searching for a ``big treasure`` with their friends
They were deeply grieved over their families 'situation.
Goonies (name of their group) went in search for the treasure to help their parents.
I think if I practice this, my grades will increase.
Now with my friends I live in a very nice house with a balcony and four rooms.
We only finished moving yesterday, because on Saturday soon after we arrived we started an opening party.
A famous middle-aged American actor, who went to Japan for a business trip, met in a hotel with a young pretty American girl, who came to Japan with her husband, who was a busy photographer.
Please read my daily post and correct my grammar.
I read the newspaper before breakfast.
It's wonderful.
I'm looking forward to watch next 3D movie, Alice in Wonderland.
I have a major in Architecture, but now I develop PC software to do business for employees only.
I can't speak and write English well.
Recently, I've realized there are many similar words in English.
Please let me know the differences.
I like princess characters, so I enjoyed it so much.
Drivers license in NY
A drivers license is mandatory in the US.
Even though it is convenient enough, most people tend to apply for a drivers license.
That's because the license is also used as identification.
I take English lessons once every week.
Factory owner, who professionally breeds pugs, said me that it is a characteristic of black pugs.
I can remember running around the supermarket
We also listened to some little stories from my dad's CD (a CD that came with a book from his English class), then we listened to it on the car cd-player and translated to portuguese to see who got what the story correct!!
I have trouble writing an English self-introduction.
I was very shocked by the news about the disaster in Japan, and I couldn't believe the things that happend to my country.
As a person who is taking care of children, I am really worried about mothers who are protecting their children without heating and water for drinking in stricken area.
Yesterday, Motchy who is my senior student of my laboratory introduceed this SNS to me.
This week I chose to learn French as my secondary foreign language next semester.
and I thought about ``I want to go to abroad!!``
I must be more careful or I may set a fire.
Toyota had grown continuously based on strong consumer trust.
But now due to this defect, the company has been losing the public's trust.
Losing the public's trust may collapse even a stable company such as Toyota.
This restaurant has been serving very good mutton because they've been raising the sheep themselves.
When I woke up this morning, my wife had a Black eye.
The first diary
I'm at a loss on what to write in my diary in ENGLISH.
College students produced this show and placed a lot of artistic lights here and there around town.
For example, I went to Victoria Peak, Tsim Sha Tsui, Jordan, and so on.
I have nothing to write down anymore because I'm exhausted and I'm starving now!
about me
I need to use English and Japanese to watch tv, read comics and go on a world tour.
Tonight I went to a sushi bar with my family.
Many sushi bars let you order using a touch panel.
However, I realized that if I had told the truth to her, she would be hurt very much because she liked those clothes and the colour.
In thespeed skating women's team pursuit, theJapanese team got asilver medal, losing to Germany.
She said that the Chinese are not diligent as diligent as before.
I want to use the phrase ``over my dead body``.
They have had their own schedules already.
This is a photo of a man walking on a tightrope over the void against the background of Rio de Janeiro in the sunset.
I am really happy here. My new home is very beautiful.
I am Hitsun!
Fuji is centre over there.
I like intelligent and thoughtful people.
But they can't help other children, for example, they cannothelp diarrhea children.
I'll go to the stadium next month to watch the national team.
Several days ago, there were over one hundred school clubs looking for new members.
since the sentence structure is quite different.
Finally, I get out of bed at 7: 00am.
Come on, let's experience this amazing world:D
Once a week I take a tango lesson.
When I close my eyes and just move my body to the tango rhythm,
First of all, I want to change myself.
He has a fatal diseaseand a student in his last class wrote this book.
If the rain had started sooner, I wouldn't have been able to have my lesson.
Someone read my dairies and told me that: what your said is too Chinglish.
You can translate the title as ``My House`` in English.
If you want to know what a Japanese family is like, maybe this manga will tell you about that.
This is because I decided by myself to announce without asking them whether my announcement was convincing or not.
Another altar in Berlin, is very similar to this one,, so much so that a long discussion has taken place on which alter is actually the original.
On the first panel you can see a depiction of the birth and the naming of John the Baptist.
The last panel is about beheading John the Baptist.
Also, I talked with my Chinese friend on skype.
When I returned to my house, It was time for dinner.
Starting this November, I'm going to go to Canada to improve my English and learn a way of teaching English called TESOL.
You can see bazil, thyme, lettuce and tomato in the picture.
Many university students are free, however people in my circle, univ-coop (university coop), will be very busy.
Why does this sentence above use 'has basketball', not 'basketball has'?
I've heard that when women go through menopause, they're more nervous and fickle than they would be normally.
I love MOS (not Mcdonalds). I like most fastfood restaurants including Mcdonalds but I think MOS is the best.
Although I am very excited and I'm really looking forward to going, I am worried about one thing: the temperature.
Actually this is the biggest problem for me.
I prefer a hot climate to a cold one.
yoru ha hataraki mashita.
Car wash to Jollibee to Greenwich de hataraki mashita.
After the game, Okada who is the coach of Japan asked the chairman of the Japan football association if he will continue as the coach.
I love this kind of movie.
I want to write daily.
But I want to write daily in English.
Yesterday, my husband went fishing and brought many fish for me.
The summer vacation is drawing near.
I like to watch movies, so each year I am looking forward to see who gets the award.
Why did ``Avatar`` lose many Oscars despite the having the best performance of the year?
I thought the competition was only for dogs, but everyone was there.
There was also a mummy (the dog) and a witch (the owner), and a hotdog (the dog) and mustard (the owner).
However, when I looked at the units carefully, I found the unit was KJ, not calorie.
It is hard for me to walk around TDL& TDS all day!!
Telling The program is about other TV programs I like, USA or UK drams, for example.
About 10 seconds later, the raindrops suddenly became large and heavy.
My English is at basic or pre-intermediate level.
And I made it a habit to memorize what native speakers corrected.
What do you recommend me to do?
One of my female friends suddenly said,
The way to practice
I found this website on a discuss board and it seems interesting.
I've been learning English for many years, but still have problems on expressing my feelings.
It's very convenient to go to other countries in Europe from the UK.
It seems that it (was) the 5th biggest (earthquake) (since) 1900.
Munster city decided to ban cars in the city and use bicycles.
Suddenly my friend said: Toshiya, you can't go back home because the train left a few minutes ago.
I'd like to explain Himeji castle.
In my opinion, we don't need to be strong and perfect to
I love reading, so I love a book shop.
When it's someone's birthday, we always make the presents by ourselves.
there was an earthquake.
By the time I thought about it, the earthquake was finished.
Today when I was on break searching the internet, I found that there are really a lot of people who speak highly of this film.
I'll be a student, so I'll have many student's discounts.
Though all of my friends laughed when I showed them the pictures.
Now I'm watching Macros Frontier while working.
you can google it with ``* (asterisk)``.
And to search for an exact phrase, enclose the phrase in double quotation marks.
Japan has varied climates, so there are unique local specialties in each place.
At the shop in Niigata Prefecture, the employees carry plenty of snow next to the shop every winter.
Did Santa Claus come to you? (Claus is right.)
School just started one week ago, so I decided to insist on writing here every weekend.
LMAO, two Americans in the audience in that coffee shop were surprised when they saw Sunnie and I going in the one bathroom at the same time, and they were also surprised that we were holding hands all the time. They thought we were lesbian.
If I correct someone's entries, I can get 'stars' on Lang-8.
I want help from everyone whose English is good!
I am Nao, a Japanese person who is studying in India.
How do you think Sony products are?
But after a while, some of thembecome tired of raising the animal, and inthe worst case, they abandon them.
I'm trying get in shape lately because I have put on weight.
It might be successful if I keep dieting for a while.
He also liked soju (a Korean popular alcoholic drink).
his cousin, owned a small yard, but there was only grave there.
But the government won't do that because they get a lot of tax income from them..
``Clarify`` is a very useful and common word in daily life.
I've decided to dilute my passion for everything British, with American literature.
I don't know American literature very well, so I would appreciate it if you could recommend some of your favorite American novels to me.
From his movie, his harmony sounds quite eccentric, he used
Aside from these, his appearance and behavior is also strange.
Every three days I change the water.
Today all my classes were cancelled so I had much more time.
This book is about a traveling essay about Latin America.
It is so fascinating and it's an attractive place.
In my case, since I'm an elementary school teacher, the government adopts new teachers, we basically train by ourselves, principals decide which grade we would be in charge of, and we have to cope with all of the problems and complaints.
My hobby is playing the piano.
Recently, I made an original song and played it.
Especially, I love gyoza.* I especially love gyoza.
How do you say gyoza/ gyouza in English?
Many my friends are going back their countries in December.
I'll try hardest on grammer, spelling and punctuation in my journals.
Because today is our 5 month anniversary.
I practice some tricks.
recentry I am crazy about ``hannah montana``!
We will be watching the movie 'Avatar'.
Controlling an avatar that is something you are not but represents you seems awesome.
The members and I have practiced very hard for that show.
As a result, it was successful.
When somebody eats my cooking smiles and tells me it's delicious, it makes me happy.
Please send me a message.
Good morning!
Before she started her IMBA program, we often hang out together.
I can tell she doesn't appreciate some Taiwanese culture.
Tonight was fun for me.
Our conversation was in English since I needed to practice for the up-coming interview.
I don't like Hollywood movies either.
We played together, laughed...
Of course, sometimes we quarreled, but then apologized.
He was a Canadian army officer and made a fortune from the hydroelectric power of Niagara falls.
Specifying my language goal.
We enjoyed visiting Kamakura.
In my next class, I have to teach a lesson, so I need to prepare a lesson plan.
The first, ni2, is generally used with colleagues of one's age, younger people, close friends or acquaintances.
I taught them some things!
Today, I got a health check at my school.
Nothing was wrong.
Computer graphics is a very difficult field, so I often search for hints to solve a problem on the Internet.
since I had no opportunity to communicate with them before.
I finally finished my first semester in China.
As it happeed, that she wasn't with my friend at all.
Recently, I've been trying to remain calm and to alter the way I think and my attitude about everything.
And it makes me slightly kinder to other people.
Meeting with Alcohol
As electricity has been cut off because of the earthquake, I cannot cook nor eat food which is sold at a convenience store.
The best one is a baked salmon rice ball and the second best one is a fried rice ball with various ingredients.
I recommend you to visit Nagashima Spaland!
By the way, she paid 170000 yen for the painting.
When I went into there, we walked down a slope which went along a large aquarium, which was cylindrical in shape.
As the slope is spiral, it made me dizzy.
We could see these fish right next to us, so I felt like I could touch them.
One day my mother took me to a psychiatrist, though to be honest I did not want to go there.
A big Tsunami has hit Miyagi, Hukushima, Iwate, and so on.
This Tsunami is the biggest I've ever seen.
I experienced many things this year.
I ordered seeds of a flower called solube YTT.
A white flower blooms (on) the first day,
The staff cheekily tried to make him apply for the half year course which was 2000 Singapore dollars for him (I think it's super expensive).
Recently I resolved to be vegetarian to lose weight and because I saw shocking video which made me think about various problems (I will skip the details).
I watched a movie whose title is ``Land of Lost``.
In fact, I wanted to watch the 3D Disney movie, but the tickets were sold out.
Three adventurers go to an ancient world, and they meet a monkey-man.
Hi, starting today, I am going to introduce you to Japan.
Actually she's not a social woman, and she doesn't have any opportunity to meet men.
One is an English magazine, and one is a quilting magazine.
In Japan, I had attended a quilting class for about 5 years and an oil painting class for about 10 years.
The climate here always changes; There was a typhoon only a few days ago and now it's already a sunny day of over 35 degrees!
Before coming back home, I bought the balloons and the pump to inflate them.
So I was very interested and excited!
One Italian guy said that he doesn't like McDonalds at all, and that the Italian McDonalds is different from American McDonalds.
Then, one Korean guy said that the Korean McDonalds has a kimchi hamburger.
I don't have a drivers license yet, but I soon hope that I'll pass the test and a get one.
But getting a car license is quite hard for me.
Because I am worried about slamming and crashing with other cars.
Fortunately, that hasn't happened yet, and I hope it never will.
She is supposed to stay in Arlington in Massachusetts.
I think it's very cool, if I could watch the english movie without subtitle written in japanese.
And I believe that, if I do so, finally I can make a extremely beautiful girl friend.
It's only 12: 26 and I (already) wanna go home!
I wanna try the real full-course French meal, or whatever you call it: S
Recently, I couldn't wrote a diary in English.
I think that this has a nice sense of rythm.
XD So, I have to overcome this psychological obstacle.......
First, I practiced speaking in english through videos.
Then, I wrote an essay.
Today's topic is ``a park near my homwhome``.
Today, I had a tea party at Yoyogi Park in Tokyo with some members of Tokyo Toastmasters, the local activity group where I can learn how to do public speaking.
The movie was very enjoyable.
I recommend you to have fun in your own special style when you see a 'colorful' movie like ones Disney produces.
(Could also say: I feel comfortable and at peace when I take them.)
Of course, I knew that I had no choice but to learn a foreign language if I wanted to be successful in the age of globalization.
We all close our eyes before starting the game, but the thieves can raise their heads up, open their eyes and look at each other to find out who the other thieves are.
After we begin the game, we guess who thieves are by discussing like ``You must be a cop`` or ``You must be pretending.`` We discuss for 3 minutes and point at the people who we think are thieves.
A lot of interesting andspecial TV shows are on the air in December.
I've justbeen so busy that I couldn't finish watching (and deleting) the recorded programs (T_ T).
I applied for a position and went to an interview last Wendesday.
Today, I made some sentences using dialog typing for learning I interrogative sentence.
good moring everybody!
Last night my friend came to my house.
she first stayed at my home
This morning I made her breakfast.
because she thinks I'm a good cook.
I wasted 2 months on my dissertation period...
I wonder if my students will like it.
From now on, I got to have sneakers on for a while.
I like me as I am nowadays.
I want to try to write some of my thoughts but unfortunately, I haven't read anything recently.
Including me, most Japanese are perhaps good at Listening and
THE DEATH OF MICHAEL JACKSON
And my oral Englsih can deal with some easy topics.
What's more, I have also begun to read English novels such as 'The Red And The Black' and so on.
Some people say It isn't practical...
Even though I'm using this website to improve my pronunciation, in the following passage, I can never pronounce the same sounds properly.
that's the reason I don't know where I should put my tongue for each sound even if I hear native English speakers saying it.
The first half of the story was really overwhelming and the advent of the monster changed the taste of the whole movie, I thought.
Then I had INARI ZUSHI and mushroom Salad for lunch.
I was not tired because I had taken a nap.
And my neck is very good today.
However my friend whois going together with me says that a natural disaster may strike anyywhere and whenever. We can't expect it.
Since I have the experience of beingkept in the elevater by blackout of due to lightning. I am really nervous about these kinds of things.
Some of you might know that if you go overseas or make a foreign friend, it's a good thing to have knowledge about your own country's traditions because some people are interested in Japanese culture.
It's a Japanese traditional food eaten on New Year's Eve and it's said that this custom was started in the middle of the Edo era.
Second is the belief that eating the noodles will cut off your troubles instead of carrying them over into the new year.
I will be nervous!!
Anyway I try to set up my account now!!
Are they different?
The very quick responses really encourage me to study my writing skills!!
After graduating university, I had worked as a chemist in Japan for a couple of years but quit the job to study English.
I studied in Canada and England for over one year in all.
After that, I became obsessed with English because I met a lot of people who come from various countries and learnt about different culture, history, food, and ways of thinking.
(If I had known the water in a pool was actually shoulder height (or: shoulder deep), I would have tried three years ago.)
Anyway, I decided to give it a try and now swimming is my favorite sport.
I hope to make my English more fluent so that my English would no long be an obstacle when talking with others
However, there's good news especially for me.
The book was written by a twitter user.
The book store near my house had a bargain sale up to 50%.
He told us that pronunciation is very important in the learning process, but he said we needn't worry about our poor grammar, because just about nobody will care about it when you are just chatting. Except for formal situations.
There was a beautiful young lady in the show that was forced to leave her lover unwillingly.
I know that it's better to turn off the Japanese subtitles, but if I do that it would be hard to keep watching the movie and have fun.
If I don't watch them regularly, then I will not be able to improve my English ability, so I watch them the way I said previously.
I feel that my vocabulary expands/ grows by reading English subtitles.
When I feel that way, I bring myself into feeling that I want to write more entries here.
and I am really looking forward to these events. ^ ^
I have been looking for some sites which are better than this one, somehow, I still couldn `t find one.
* Increase the ability to concentrate.
When we got out of the attractions, I found that my umbrella was stolen.
Although practically the number of people who are wahlers has been decreasing in Japan, some people who live in these specific areas continue whaling to make living.
just that it is more difficult to find the time to learn compared to when we are students.
I think that the student who recognizes the importance of this privilege can
make use of their college life for sure.
Are Japanese elevators the only ones that have a door close button?
The opening sound is really familiar.
I am eager to go to a theater and watch it.
However I noticed him in the trailer (maybe, full CG?).
Hi every one!
I want to improve my English skill!
Thank you every one.
Incidentally, our opponents were much stronger than us.
I couldn't believe my ears. It sucked.
And you are very good at drawing pictures.
I can clearly remember Melbourne.
Be honest, it truely works.
I am studying English at SDA.
Why don't you just fill the fucking vacancy?
Why don't we just keep silent and let time fill the vacancy.
Hi, I'm a student for product design's master degree, and I have completed a work Iicall it Finger Dance, which is a kind of dIgital communication equipment for cold environment, and be suitable for outdoor survival and rescue in the ice-disaster or snowstorm.
welcome to my blog to see my other works:
This is the first time that the DLP lost their seats in last 50 years.
--> Now I have started ``The Namesake`` by Jhumpa Lahiri, which is really interesting so far.)
I try to stay fit while not using cigarettes.
The pair of shoes I bought are Nike brand and they are available with the iPod plus sensor.
When I was a child, I heard from my grandmother that there were many treasures (buried) under the ground at the end of a rainbow!!!
In the beginning I was a little bit nervous, but the conversation went smoothly!
Twenty minutes is such a short time and I had to say goodbye, because the international fee is expensive, this can save money for our company.
Recently, I have had no time for myself.
Sometimes it makes me tired.
Without any interuptions.
Yeah, finally, I opened my mouth.
Three of my friends came to my home to study English together as usual this morning.
It is a very fun place for me because there are many kinds of cool shops, for example apparel stores, restaurants, sweets shops, nail salons and so on.
So, when I found this site, I was pleased with it and registered right away and then tried to write a lot.
I don't know if this method will lead to high score in the TOEIC test immediately, but actually, I really enjoy studying and I sometimes think in English now even during daily life.
Then, I can somewhat understand what they say.
My throat is in such pain!
We focus on difficult words and torture ourselves.
During the holiday, I had to finish my school work, essays, and other important tasks which still weren't done.
He had nothing to grab onto and hardly any place to stand.& nbsp; However, there was a middle-aged man that was sitting in one of the priority seats.
The middle-aged man looked at the old man and back at me again. I thought that his conscience was starting to bother him.
I have to go to must work and perform my experiment tomorrow morning.
To begin, I wrote my introduction.
I am studying for my exams at the university's cluster room, but I am freezing as the air conditioner is turned up very high.
She went out to the new sun room that's waiting for the materials to finish the floor where she found an old man.
He walked into the incomplete sun room so Siri said ``Who are you?``. He didn't say anything for a while then Siri found that he had a name tag on his shirt and recognized the name.
It is the internet that has had the most powerful influence on me by the prevalence of computers.
I think I won't go anywhere so I'll clean my room and I'll cook what I want to eat at the time.
For example, the shape of the rice cakes (round or square), flavors of soup (soy sauce or miso or sweet bean soup) and other ingredients (chicken or seafood and many kinds of vegetables).
Fortunately, South Korea has developed accommodations called Jjim-jil-bang.
When I was overseas, I didn't watch English news channels or movies. I could not understand popular programs, as I have no idea about their cultural background.
I'm required to learn formal words rather than informal.
In my case, I'm exposed to formal situation too often.
During class or school, I hardly get a chance to use slang words.
but statistics is very difficult.
By the way I would like to know the difference between 'personal' and 'private'.
So could you help my studying of English?
In Japan, we have a lot, like candied apple, cotton candy, takoyaki, roast squid, okonomiyaki, yakisoba, taiyaki, crepes, pickled cucumber, kababs, shaved ice, and countless others!!
In my opinon, there have been many changes in America's thinking.
They want change and achive their hopes by voting for Obama.
My hope was also that Obama would be president, and I am looking forward to watching the inauguration speech on tv.
I have no doubt tomorrow will be a historic event.
It's origin is a mystery novel ``kokuhaku`` written by Kanae Minato, it got an book store reward in 2009.
I have to get the certification, which is called MCAS.
So now I am not working, because according to our holiday tradition, we must meet our friends and relatives today to exchange gifts.
This provides many programs to watch, whereas NHK doesn't have so many.
And after reading it, we had to explain and summarize it.
Due to the pronunciation of a Chinese English speaker.
Anyway, I had to follow her explanation and summarization about it.
I just stayed silent.
I am feeling nervous.
I don't know why, but I drank 2 cups of coffee at 4 AM.
Both of them are from the same company, aren't they?
I decided to struggle with studying English, for the same opportunities that foreign costumers had visited.
Furthermore, some of the main characters also died from that.
I had class this morning so I had to get up early....
Staying up late is so tiring for me.
In good weather like this, I want to meet friends and sit at a fire in nature.
Consequence: We decided to go for a trip as a consequence of the long discussion.
Today I begin my diary.
It was 32 years ago, so I do not speak English.
This weekend, I am going to take a test called 'Eiken'.
It's always a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place of the world, especially about towns I know.
When the drama started, I felt I was having ``deja vu``!
I am too anxious to make many good friends who come from different countries and from different cultures.
I paid a deposit of thirty thousand yen.
Today im very unlucky.
And in bio I didn't finish my homework. (teacher let's me go to lunchbox.)???
I like it when the sea is smooth and motor yachts sail on it.
Sometimes you can see (some) coloured fish.
People hung fish windsocks from their rooftops and wished for their children's health and success.
If a factory is not managed very effectively and efficiently according to specific rules, it's prone to polluting the local air and water. An ideal community should be quiet and have fresh air.
My best friend said, ``you should just ask him and don't talk about your dogs.
I remember when I talked about my dogs with the doctor, he almost yawned and I was a little bit emotionally scarred.
However, the man's attitude towards her is deteriorating.
So far, you haven't shown any successful results. ``
I was happy to pet him.
When he feels good, his color is lighter and when he feels bad, his belly becomes a black stripe pattern.
The instruments they play are guitar, drums, bass, keyboard and many others!
Did a typhoon hit Hamamatsu?
and I'm writing a diary just to kill time until I'm ready to go out.
But on a second thought, I'm learning English online, too, so I can keep studying it! Of course, I want to keep writing daily on this site.
By the way, after I registered, I can now use ``PhotoAlbum`` above.
It's difficult for me to express my opinion.
I might have hurther feelings unintentionally.
I worked for my new job for almost one month, and I contribute many of my ``first times`` to this job. For example, this was the first time I walked to an office that wasn't only10 minutes away, or I ate a French dessert named Macaron, and today is my first time going to a photography studio for a photo shoot of our product
Although it's boring when we are waiting, I believe that when we see the pictures on the magazine everything will be worth it.
We enjoyed it and felt happy ^ ^
So I can eat those without having to think which dish is cheap or expensive.
It was ivory, long sleeved and high-necked.
Japan has had a tough experience in the big 3/ 11 earthquake and tsunami.
When I see the people's attitudes toward saving electricity, I am reminded of our national character.
This events often take place in summer.
Thirdly, I like to make new friends and get to know more about the places I'm travelling through.
Mobile phones are becoming fashionable recently, there are so many colors and designs.
And they have a lot of different functions.
For example, you can use it to listen to music, to take a picture, to use the internet, to manage your schedule and even to watch TV...
I don't need too many functions.
I have one but I don't know all the functions of my cell phone...
These days, most people have one.
Sometimes it gets too expensive... We should be careful when using our cell phones.
I'm looking forward to belly-dancing and also to meeting my teacher next Thursday!
We study at different places.
We both wanted to learn independently so we were separated by our parents.
And second, It is easy to raise cats.
I entirely understand that, and that's why I want to raise dogs and cats.
Now, humans control this world, so we take care of only ourselves.
It hadn't been strong enough to damage anything but it reminded me of the tragedy of Haiti.
usually, I don't make a habbit of writing in a diary on websites...
I am trying to look for a sentence so I can ask you but I can't find it. It's not a problem, I can read it by myself again.
Things interested me.
I'm sure it will help you broaden your horizons.
I commute to a language school.
By the way, the illumination at the racetrack is very nice.
Of course, I am one of those losers who regret their gambling.
However today is Friday ^ ^
Besides, I cannot read fast, speak fluently, or write quickly.
grandpas, grandmas, everybody is welcome!!
I have a presentation next Tuesday.
When she found the truth, she was very upset about it at first. But now, she is looking forward of seeing her baby soon.
So I'm not surprised that she was upset because delivery would be difficult for herand it's pretty expensive.
Hiroshima is famous for the atomic memorial park and Miyajima.
I didn't know him well, but I want to hear his interpretation of Paganini.
Um I wanna change my life.
I opened the egg pack in the refrigerator and found out the eggs were frozen solid.
I was able to see skyscrapers and the Opera House from there.
It is clean and comfortable!
I would like one day to leave my country and travel to England, but the problem is that my english is very bad and I don't know enough so I could travel there...
I will take part in a Chinese Speech Convention.
This is my third day using lang-8.
I'm not really familiar with the functions here, so I always send the same
It is good to meet many friends from different countries, and help each other.
When I woke up early midday, I hada severe headache because of a terrible hangover.
and I asked my friends about holidays when they traveled but they said they did not travel often.
sometimes they think if they use the money to traval they can't use it buy something better.
I think we have a lot of beautiful beaches like in Phuket and Krabi (?).
so about me, I did not travel in the south. I plan to go there one day when I have enough money.
Studying in Canada is a valuable chance for me to become mature and to [learn to overcome many difficulties and barriers.
Last time when my friend and me were leaving the Superstore and decided to walk back to the dorm, a Canadian couple drove us back.
Deaths from the usual flu are more than swine flu which is simply not mentioned.
I consider the vaccines, not just from swine flu, itself to be harmful.
Suddenly I recalled one thing---I have a TEST in a couple of days!!!
Afterward, I looked in the mirror, and I liked my new hairstyle very much.
As I was passing a park, I found that my shoe was loose, so I sat on a white bench to tie it.
After leaving the park, I continued on my way home.
However, many people just stared at me and laughed.
At that moment, I thought, ``What's wrong with me?
Arriving home, I rushed to the mirror to look at my new hairstyle again.
When I turned my back to the mirror, I saw white paint on the cloth of my skirt.
So many things have happened since I was here last.
I'd like to get another dog.
I feel [as if] my opinion is [very] selfish...
[Because] I've never discussed about it with my husband [yet]! (Husband to be).
Before that, I need to get my father's permission.
Watching movies and listening to podcast or radio programs or even music would be a great help for the better understanding.
These days I think I ate too much so I am gaining weight.
I like to drink a cup of coffee when I feel tired or want to sleep, especially after lunch!
In my opinion, no matter if teaching (the) students who have already had plenty of knowledge of English, or the children who have never contacted English before, the teacher should recognize the importance of teaching.
And they should know well the different methods for teaching different grades of students.
The Art of Disney Gallery is held outside in Downtown Disney.
The Legend of Saint George part-1
I timidly tried to sink it in the bathtub a few days ago and I timidly tried to take some photos with it in the bathtub yesterday as well.
So far I only watch about two movies a week because I don't have enough time.
They were ``Graded Readers``, Penguin Readers, Oxford Bookworm,... and etc.
* When I work at the hotel, I will not only need the ability to speak English, but also the ability to express my opinions clearly while using appropriate jargon.
I played the guitar in a band at that time, and we copied their songs.
80% of Japanese Boys talk to others with humility and rest of 20% boys are totally insolent like kids.
How about the boys in your country?
This phrase seems impressive to me in junior high school
The sentence structures are not familiar to me.
The cherry blossoms are blooming in Kyuushuu which is in southern Japan.
My husband and I went to see a movie.
Before the movie, I went to a department store and bought a pretty ring.
The movie was called Gulliver's Travels.
I slept during the reading section and lost about 100 points more than the listening section.
I will buy more of them later.
It's really difficult to think of it because he's straight.
I 'VE HAD ENOUGH!!!!
I'm glad to hear from you, and I'm also glad that you've just returned from a trip to Scotland.
I fell asleep last night in front of my pc because I felt sleepy after I ate supper.
I am planning to go abroad in about one year to study fashion design in England or France.
Even though most employees are Japanese, some have sent emails to their boss, I have had the opportunity to see such emails sometimes.
When I went for a walk, I passed by a little restaurant.
We had a thunderstorm last night.
So I (often) pour some syrup into my Caramel Frappuccino.
I've remembered his free kick at the champions league 2006-07 at the games vs Manchester united.
Because I also have a moustache and a beard.
Now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens 'book' A Tale of Two Cities 'and maybe later I'll write an entry about the book.
Originally, I wanted to work in a pub in Itaewon that is located in Korea and where many foreigners come to hang out with their friends.
Frankly speaking, I expect that there are many beautiful women.
But I was disappointed.
One elderly man said ``There is something under the machine.``
Once I start writing, I can't limit myself to an appropriate amount.
Today is Wednesday, February the second.
Voice blog is where you can make your account and create your voice blog.
I have just registered with Lang-8.
But I haven't start new things yet.
Sight seeing?
MY ANSWER:
Finally I finished one of them, and then I emailed one of my colleagues to ask for his advice.
Fortunately, I was not injured in the earthquake.
But when I started talking, nobody responded to what I said.
So my topic didn't make sense.
In Japan we can see a rabbit on the moon.
In different countries they also see different shapes made by crater on the moon.
To learn a foreign language, we should try to speak it as much as we can, and in my opinion, a test will push us to speak more and speak better.
European countries are near each other.
So it would seem to say that men tend to be more of romanticists than women, who tend to look at reality and security.
I like him because he is plugged in.
One part of our job as an intern was to interface with the customers, which includes introducing the products, receiving the attendees at seminars, selling the Xbox 360, or hardwares, etc.
That's why it surprised me very much that he went for broke on those jobs, especially on selling the product.
And I like to play football very much.
Maybe wewill develop iPhone app, a simple game.
so,,,, we were hanging out till night, walking too much, my leggs were hurting.
I drunk a lot of alcohol last night.
American tornados are also American size. (Sometimes tornados appear in Japan as well, but most of them are generally small.
When we first see American tornados on TV, we are surprised at the size of tornados in America.)
There are many visitors and workers from foreign countries.
Our Prime Minister, YukioHatoyama, said that he would resolve theFutenma problem by the end of this month.
My favorite drink is green tea.
When someone kindly corrected my text, I feel happy.
I learn English at smart.
So, I am happy that her boyfriend is my friend.
I am very embarrassed with my weak ability.
My refrigerator is still operating now, but I bought a new one because the electricity bill is too expensive.
Yummy (T_ T)
Some young boys were playing barsketball, while some young girls were listening to modern songs and many old women were dancing.
Lately, I have been crazy about DIY.
I really like Whisper of the Heart especially from a lot of the movies by him.
How could he tell her girlfriend? Can you help me write a conversation?
One day my daughter said to me.
I watched ``The Big Bang Theory`` again today.
Hi, everybody.
Everyday, I have to acheive all kinds of information on amazing destinations.
I would appreciate it if you kindly help me correct it. <just more formal>
So recently I've started gaining weight.
I decided to eat to healthy food, eat less, and to exercise.
It's great.
They were above my shoulders in height.
Unfortunately, the temperature of water was not warm.
I did not know what was happening.
When I get home and settle in, I will write about my trip and put up some pictures!!!!!!!
There are some vegetarians, one Jewish person who cannot eat pork, and a guy who has a food restriction because of his diabetes.
I want to work internationally.
I am studying Korean too ^ ^
Anyway, it is a hard for me and I am worried whether it would hurt their feeling If I ask them several time to repeat what they said.
Therefore, I have to find someone whom I can practice conversation with the eldery.
I have worried about my English skills recently because it is one of the most important skills for working or enjoying our lives nowadays.
Although nearly 20 years old, I need 10 minutes to write these three sentences.
When I write something here in English, I always try not to make a mistake, but still, my entries always get corrected after all> <
His homework includes three book reports, an English penmanship, and a math workbook.
when I have free time, I always google words.
It was very dificult.
And we are going to have test again.
Although it depends on the country, as far as Japan goes, there are some reasons why we attend college.
They have great influence on children in the same generation, and those children show that practice leads to great success.
The reason why I wrote such an impolite thing is because I really wanna go to Singapore immediately.
I've only studied in Sydney; my real intension is to go to the beautiflul sea or something.
So, probably I can enjoy Australia and I can afford to see every thing.
As friends have helped me correct my blogs, I have gained confidence to go on writing.
Then, I practised my English listening skills by listening to the New Horizon3 at double pace (double speed).
He said that at his work (Japanese company), he is often told that he is too self-assertive.
Sports is not only physically challenging, but it can also be mentally challenging. Criticism from coaches, parents, and other teammates, as well as pressure to win can create an excessive amount of anxiety or stress for young athletes.
Unfortunately, I can't run this year, but I'm going to run in another marathon which will be held in my home town.
I will cost a lot of money.
I long for their life.
I want to be a millionaire!!
After it all, we discovered that we can't recollect (or: remember) anything from the last school year!) We had a headache, but it's natural (or: normal), because we hadn't been practicing for 3 months because of vacation.
But yesterday, I coudn `t say`` Happy New Year ``to my friend.
Sushi is a very (popular) food in Japan.
If the people of the future see the current world, they would not be approve of it.
By the way, could you tell me whether it is not difficult for native English speakers to distinguish ``want`` from ``won't`` in conversations.
I bought a magazine, ``Business English`` a week ago and I've just started learning with it.
This is my first time at lang-8. I want to improve my English level, and make friends from other countries.
I look forward to receive your message.
But I tried not to change it not very often.
I think the main causes of my not being very successful are-laziness, misallocation of time and tasks, and again laziness.
Today, I was working at Lotte World which is similar to Disneyland.* The original sentence sounded confusing.*
Although this Christmas I was lonely (lonely), I hope that I will be happy for a whole year from next year.
But I think the Singaporean government won't be able to settle this problem unless human beings successfully develop a technology which can change sea water to clean water.
The movie is about the life of Cuban Revolutional leader, Che Guevara, and his inspirational journey.
I didn't know of Che Guevara until today, because I didn't know much about the Cuban Revolution.
We are currently using a customized program that we developed ourselves.
Unfortunately it is not very common in my country.
By the way, today's weather was strange, because it suddenly began raining harshly.
I am not familiar with Maiko san,
Kyoto became one of my favorite cities.
``Can you play tennis?`` and ``Do you play tennis?``
She had even worn a mask from the beginning of May.
No one can give us a clear answer about the effect of long-term low level of radioactive exposure especially in relation to children.
The most important thing I learned is making a special point of ensuring their safety.
After they had their afternoon nap, I woke them up and asked them to
His medal was bronze indeed, but I thought that he deserved a gold medal because he must have made a lot of Japanese impressed and encouraged by his comeback.
He always cracks some inappropriate ejokes that make me sad and uncomfortable
It was a very pleasant party.
I got a good grades on most of my English exams, but English is still a field filled with confusion for me.
I must control my physical and mental well-being to complete the Tokyo marathon.
I complained about my looks to my mother.
A few minutes later, a friend of mine asked me ``oh-I didn't recognize you because you looks like different person today.`` Ok....
I am now working in Tamaki.
Sometimes I move my body if I hear some high tempo music at home, but I never do that when someone else is there.
But it's ok, I said before, I will protect my dreams, no one can take them from my hands, today I may be stupid, but what about tomorrow?
Different from middle school and high school, college campuses are much more interesting and fascinating.
Furthermore, what we should bear in mind is to be kind and tolerant towards the dorm-mates as they do it too.
Usually I read sentences from the TOEFL and literature, but I don't talk in English,
I drank at my home town.
The fugu is delicious but a little dangerous as a food.
Hmmm, I think MacBooks are not made for cats
Ize peninsula where I live, is a warmer place than the other areas in Japan.
If the Ume tree doesn't exist in the other countries, I think it's okay to just write Ume.
My other favorite things include playing the guitar, eating snacks (especially chocolate), dancing, watching movies (on dvd) and so on.
YAKUZA appears in this game,
I like Pikachu the best.
But I also like Raichu.
My friends and I often talk about our other friends.
Or: As food safety is becoming quite a worrisome problem (here), Beijing citizens are trying to find/ locate farms themselves that can provide safe agricultural products.
But when I'm able to comprehend the means of songs, I feel a huge sense of accomplishment.
The Maldives has recently become popular for honeymooners.
A Japanese friend of mine called me this morning, almost crying.
We hope this maintenance will bring...
The class is very interesting, I learn English and Chinese.
I live in Shanxi province which is located in the northweast of China.
I am a student and I want to learn English.
I never thought of meet such as great person in the university.
The price of potato chips has increased little by little.
Today I went out with my son, and we took a walk under the spring sunlight. In the evening we went to the market and bought something to eat.
I took many pictures, but I can't function anymore.
The aftershocks have faded out but another problem is coming.
This plant sends electric power everyday to large areas including Tokyo.
Because of this, Tokyo electric company and the government have decided to share the power in order to prevent sudden blackouts in all areas.
Ashita wa ichinichi chu koko ni wa narimasen.
Watashi wa Scout no atsumari ga ari masu.
I think it fits the atmosphere of anime.
Yesterday (February 3rd) was ``Setsubun`` in Japan.
Congratulations to me!!
Taiwanese people are always open to others from all over the world, so travelers can feel the Taiwanese enthusiasm very much.
I like cherry blossoms.
There was a single cherry blossom surrounded by other kinds of trees!!
This party is sponsored by the English conversation school that I go to.
About 70 people, including twenty foreigners, will attend the party.
I'm not used to communicating with foreigners. Also, my English is poor.
I'm looking forward to the party, but I feel uneasy about whether I will be able to communicate with the foreigners there well.
I hope to make friends with foreigners at the party.
Perhaps some (someone) may want to ask me why I worried about my relationship with my girlfriend, as I wrote several days ago here, even though I believe this.
First my throat was just a little bit sore, but now I have got a cough, a running nose and a seriously sore throat.
As I said above in the title, I finally got a job =) But the surprise is that I am not going to work in Korea. I am leaving for Vietnam next month to work there.
I feel I should take care of myself more carefully....
Nonetheless, after the Meiji Revolution, Japan grew as one of the developed coutnries in teh world and reigned over Asia while China maintained her close door policy and remained an undeveloped agricultural country.
From the Japanese perspective, the Japanese wish to reclaim their glory in the Meiji Era when Japan was the king of Asia.
We had to do sth in the room, so we stayed in our room for 1 hour.
They are authors of several books, such as ``Body Language-How to read others' thoughts by their gestures ``.
I'll introduce myself a little.
And also I know that the JLP teachers have spent so much time preparing for this summer course.
Acording to my memory, I might have done about 3weeks ago?
I met my friends in my high school class, went camping, experienced heart-breaking...
I don't know the case of foreign countries, in Japan many high school and university students tend to start their first part-time job in it.
My English is not good. There are many words I don't know and I don't understand grammar.
rain was like one of Tsuyu and called Natane Tsuyu in Japan.
I went to Vancouver for 2 days.
Yesterday was the last day of my Military service. It was a very happy ending for a long hard year. I have gone through some very rough situations
The 1st word is 'I' whenever I speak English or I write a diary in English.
I went to hot yoga class yesterday.
What is the best way to handle conflicts?
Cultural differences often cause confrontations.
Even in a classroom, there are cliques.
When we are in a conflict, we tend to regard our own opinion as right,
Firstly, we can search much faster for information regarding things we want to know about by using the internet.
Recently I failed to pass the entrance exam of Tokyo university, so now I don't have anything I want to do.
And, Tasmanian salmon tastes very good.
I am quite lucky after all/ though, my college classmates have had a lot of interviews, however they didn't receive any offer yet.
I searched for information about Los Angeles at home.
I had an orientation for an English conversation class just 45mins ago.
I was asked some questions in English from an American Teacher.
just laughing and chatting or thinking deeply about our future.
I don't have the right volunteer spirit.
If I can control my emotions, I will be released from my pain.
I attended a seminar about social networking services a few days ago, and one of the guest speakers indicated that human beings 'abilities are atrophying while information and Internet technologies are advancing. This is because the evolution of technology makes it easier for people to solve problems.
All these technological advanes changed our life for the better, but at the same time we should realize we are becoming lazy and our abilities are atrophying because of our inventions.
I'm stressed out by many things and have no energy...:(= more natural
I sold for 20000Yen a CD boxset of my business teaching materials, which I used to listen to
There were so many people screaming and yelling.
They reproached the director and actors for making the premiere so late and so short.
That day was my birthday, so I decided to eat unadon for my birthday present.
I like thinking about how should I take picture to makes everybody interested
Can you thinking about what's a different between them and you.
But sometimes I forget to try, so I think I should try to something again.
I hope this website will be help me with my English skill.
I went to a Chinese restaurant downtown, with my friends.
how much it needs effort to make it something
But It is hard work for me to write what I'm thinking promptly.
On top of that, speech delays always make foreigners confused when I'm speaking with an American friend.
And another reason the friend is confused is lack of vocabulary.
It is difficult for me to transfer the meaning of what I'm thinking completely.
However, I know that it is unhealthy, so in order to be a healthy and lovely girl, I decide to eat more of a variety starting tomorrow.
Lastly, I want to make foreign friends.
I ordered factory size spaghetti with rich meat sauce.
Konbanwa.
Tree leaves have turn into red and yellow.
you can feel Japanese autume if you look at.
but sometimes, I'm impressed by it.
I wanted to wear skinny jeans so I went on a diet.
I had to stop losing weight, but I'll keep excercising for my health.
Actually, computers wer n't my first choice when I was invited by Shaoguan University.
He has a big disease, cancer...
School festival.
It was a very big event x-D
Finally, I will spend less money if I live on campus.
But, as you can see, my English level is not good enough to enjoy English. For example, watching CNN and BBC news or listening to English songs.
It's a rare opportunity to talk with a native speaker of English, most of them come here to study Chinese.
I had been introduced by another Japanese friend and already knew him, but I had no time to meet him then, only knowing his cellular phone number.
But he wants to speak conversational Japanese fluently and he has plans to go to Japan.
I unbalanced my rhythm of life a little.
I will write about that very tiring trip, some other day.
What's a good way to join the conversation?
All of the band members have already had experience with other musical projects.
worked with many different musical styles from Ska-punk to Hardcore.
electronic samples.
So I had to look in the dictionary many times.
This means I have to read about 100 pages a day because I just started to read this book today.
Even better, I can assign different purposes for a few cups and only use one with its assigned purpose.
I was discharged from the army on October 31st, 2010.
It made me desperate
I feel eurphoric.
I asked everyone: ``Would you add me on Skype?
He is always full of energy and a real handful for me.
After dinner, we went to a cafe.
It was a great movie, as many people including my friends said, but it was a bit complicated.
I have two turtles and I have had them for about 15 years:-) Their names are ``KA-`` and ``ME-``.*
Lang-8 is very good website for learning languages.
I found it in a magazine.
Recently Lang-8 has not been running smoothly.
It's a little embarrassing to play it when there are a lot of people in the elevator hall.
So let me introduce myself!
By the way, I took part in an international party in Ginza, Japan the other day.
We can taste delicious foods in Hokkaido, such as chickens, Japanese crabs, shrimps, various vegetables and so on.
I'll look forward to it very much.
When I made a woolon tea with a tea bag in hot water as I usually do, I noticed a difference in taste.
I couldn't stand the difference in taste, so I went to an electric appliance shop to buy a water purification appliance.
In a part of the Fukushima prefecture, which has had a serious problem with nuclear power plants from the March disaster, thousands of residents have been told to leave their homes.
In addition, my laundry won't dry because of the humidity.
I performed two songs as a band member in the university festival last year.
We all have beautiful penmanship. (or handwriting)
I found out how good mutton tastes when I lived in China for three years for business.
Anyway, mutton is less popular than other meats, like beef, pork and chicken.
in Japan.
I do this so I can have a lot of bread, even though I'm on a diet!
Many Japanese foods are sold on the street, such as tempura, udon, dango, kakigori (shaved ice with syrup on top).
I delivered to six families for only two hours.
During the meeting, a professor and I discussed a way of teaching science.
Once the mark is caused, it is permanent.
So it damages a lot of things and many people feel uncomfortable.
When Joy entered Mcdonald's, Ji and Min were already sitting down.
This was her first solo concert and the first CD was released on the same day.
so my essays are always basic level.
It is natural phenomena, isn't it?
Please read my diary.
Today I cooked a cheesecake.
I pretended to call a policeman.
A Chinese women bullied a kitten like people do the laundry.
My dog died and I lost my job, my business failed and my money ran out.
and did not do work out as much as usual.
and after dinner, I went to the health center which is located in basement of the dormitory.
and I excercised with my best effort.
I appreciate your help and advice.
Although the temperature there was much more higher than in Taiwan, but the weather in Taiwan is usually hot and humid, and that makes me sweat all the time and feel uncomfortable.
It was July 4th yesterday, the birthday of America.
I've been trying to figure this out: what do Buddist monks do when they encounter sexual lust!?
I have parents, a brother and a dog.
It's been a long time since I last logged in to Lang-8.
My major is informatics, which is rather new and interdisciplinary, and includes many disciplines like philosophy, contemporary thought, science, engineering, design, social sciences, and so on.
I want to make friendship with many foreign people
I couldn't conceal my excitement for this communication, because it was my first time to communicate with foreigner face to face.
We only briefly greeted each other, and afterwords, there was a long silence.
I felt that it had been a complete failure of a conversation.
Anyway, I'm still confused about how to use it.
I don't have enough willpower to study more and more in the morning, wasting a lot of time.
Fortunately, we're on vacation this week and don't have to attend classes.
That gives me hope while watching dreadful stories of the world.
I graduated at a university this year, but the graduation ceremony was not held.
And I like taking pictures, traveling, eating good food and drinking, haha!
I want to speak English like a native speaker.
How do you study language?
It's a piece of software to memorize words and phrases efficiently.
Please try this method if you would like to learn a new language efficiently.
You can surely memorize many new words!
Apple's technology is amazing but I haven't yet learned how to search for words and write at the same time.
If my friend has time, we'll catch ball or watch some games.
My thesis was mainly about the relationship between languages and colors in old Japanese, modern Japanese and modern English.
If you are one of the people who lent me a hand on my survey, I really appreciate it.
Today, I had three classes; English, Japanese and Chinese.
Because it was the weekend today, many people came to the restaraunt.
Sometimes people from foreign countries come to the restaurant.
Americans, Koreans and Chinese people.
Yesterday, I had a class titled ``perfect pronunciation`` at the university.
His/ Her birthday is tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
When I had to pay, I found that I only had 4000 yen.
I have not been a student for 9 years, but I will never forget this holiday!
Inside there were 3 motors, a metal frame
She told me about her friends that went to America to work, travel CROSS OUT] America [/ CROSS OUT] and take care of the childrenn in the U. S. A for one year.
Yesterday my friend told me about Lang-8.
But when I bring her out to the street, she is so crazy!
Then my mouth opened and finally I smiled and said to myself, ``Thank you, my wonderful friend from Lang-8.``
It 'very difficult.
Have a good weekend
I think I will go shopping and look around the market. I would like to buy a new magnet.
I hope you have a good weekend.
I think it is good for me to improve my English.
My English is so poor!
we just connect to the internet.
In February 2010, I bought a new one.
It was a good opportunity to improve our relationship.
My vision
Okinawan people do not have good a image about soldiers of the American military.
I thought he had not forgotten about his ex-girlfriend and still loves her.
So we became friends.
Someday, If I can speak English well, I want to tell him thanks and what I think of him.
I want so much to program in other computer languages.
Sooo sweet and juicy.
4, Click the ``Update`` button and that's it!
Their expressed policies in the manifesto are as follows: The government subsidizes child rearing parents about two hundred dollars a month per child until he or she finishes junior high school.
Meals are more expensive than they were before the Spring Festival.
Fourth I chat with a guy in a QQ group who ignored me after we exchanged afew words due to my bad English.
My mom has 3 bothers and sistrers, and all their family will come back to spend new year together.
They don't know how to speak gently and everytime I just feel so uncomfortable and try to escape them.
Although we are good freinds, I still think it's embrassing to show her my room.
That made her sick eventually.
In addition, I don't see the reason why people are eager to volunteer work for poor children and sick people in another country.
People are probably just excited to visit another country even though they are going to waste a lot money to visit.
I tried to make a plan on Friday, but it didn't work haha
because we dropped by taco shop.
And I saw the of owner of Ralph's grocery store's mansion, and then we went to my friend's house to eat burittos!
However, while we chilled out and laid back on the sofa, they decided that they didn't want to attend the party.
The population is heavily concentrated in large cities.
Because in my English classes at university we don't practice speaking and writing.
It's a very beautiful and yet awful movie about nuclear (anti-nuclear) weapons, and it is also a bad comedy.
My bad habits
I have some bad habits.
But recently I have tried to fix my bad habits.
Since I'm not interested in studying English, I didn't study English after (since) I gruduated from high school.
When I went into the shop, I was surprised about their menu and mood.
The room is packed with people.
If you eat too much, you will pack on some pounds.
It is a big city, and big cities are not made for living in, they are made for work.
Except for the many shops along the street, there are many dolls made from bamboo and paper (paper mache) hung from the roof
It means mountain girl; yama equals mountain in Japanese.
They wear colorful sports clothes with pretty bags and shoes.
Anyway I can't recommend climbing that mountain in the summer.
I often felt thrilled and could enjoy all of those.
It seems that this usually could be completely recovered by 30.
He said also he should have painted earlier.
I went to karaoke with my friend!
The web covers the entire world. Many people have their own PCs which contain multi-language environments and are always online.
Today, I Went to ``Shionoe`` with my girlfriend on a motorcycle.
I argue that meat is better than fish for the following reasons:
Lately, I have been getting up at irregular hours.
Wedding/ marriage ceremony
It was sobad that my English teacher's pronnunciationwas n't so good.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is moving Northwest.
However, no matter how many companies I apply for, I haven 't
I have to learn how to use it better!
Today we are having a forum (discussion?) on the research that my lab has been conducting!
I resigned from my job last month and I will work in NYC starting DEC 31th 2010.
I like surfing, running in the early morning, and going to musicals.
But many people cry over the naughtiness of young people.
I like Michelle the best because her character and behaviour is soooo cute, especially when she is talking with Uncle Jesse.
The video was about a person who tried to bungee jump into a river that had a crocodile in it.
First, I was not sure if it was a fake video or not, but I wondered if the man who did it got bitten by the crocodile and was hurt.
I ran ten kilometres up along the mountain and then down the other side for another ten kilometres.
The mountain I was running over today was a symbol for Buddhist prayers.
The view is just amazing from everywhere along the mountain path; I feel as if I am stood at the same height as the clouds, and the wide open view makes me feel freed from everything.
The weekend is over, I don't like Monday's and I'm logging in lang-8 to see whether someone corrected my diary but the result let me down.
I am looking forward to meeting them.
We could sing to the accompaniment of a guitar, which the master played.
Because I will want to enter university.
I want to study biomechanics.
Although I have nothing special to write today, I still feel like writing.
if you're interested, then please pay a visit to my page and take a look at it!
So `native English speakers` refers to the Americans.
I thought that more people would come here for sightseeing and the number of suicides here would decrease as long as the path was maintained.
I think that this is a part of the reasons why suicides happen here besides the not maintained path.
The atmosphere was very quiet.
A little farther from the Forest Trees of Mt.
The board said that those caves were used to preserve foods several hundreds years ago.
I was shocked at the news about Asakusa Samba Carnival 2011.
I have to prepare some boiled eggs.
I can log in on the weekend!!
Got an iPod touch
We were studying together, and one of my friends said,
This morning I woke up at my friend's house.
If it wasn't raining, I would go to a sports event of a local junior high school to see some neighbours.
As international air traffic increases, many major cities need to extend the operating hours of their airports to accommodate passenger and cargo flights from foreign countries. Residents near the airports argue that there should be curfews. Discuss both points of view and give your opinion with (supporting) reasons.
But now I still have a generalized muscle ache...
I ordered black ones but gray ones arrived instead.
When I saw them on the internet, I could see that they were black and the description also said that they were black.
The cargo of silver weighed about 200 tons.
I am a university student, but I am not good at English.
There are many types of drinks that taste like beer at the supermarkets in Japan.
These drinks are so-called ``non-alcoholic beer`` and the ingredients include sugar, calorie, among other things.
I was advised by the doctor I'd better not eat or drink too much, take moderate exercises, and avoid a stressful atmosphere as gout is a disease caused from an unhealthy way of living.
I can sometimes hear both of them singing at the same time.
If it is nice tomorrow, I will fly the Koinobori.
For example, I like to invite my friends to my place, enjoy my favorite cigarette in my room, listen to rock music, and drink a little alcohol before sleep...
so on (it sounds like I am a teenage boy XD).
Living under their carene make my life more easier but also makes my intelligence degrade to a three-year-old child's. (I am already 27.
I was very sad and I remembered then what happened yesterday.
t was a tiny mistake but of course it was my mistake so I apologised for it to the doctor.
For example..
I played some games online and then studieded English, and played the piano.
You seem (to be) happy.
My job is loaning out electronic devices.
But we only have few customers, about 10 people a day:(
Fortunately, the chinese New Year, which has eight holidays, is coming soon.
my family consist of 5 members: my father, my mother, 2 younger brothers and I.
I will graduate from my university in one year.
In fact, I am a little worried about my job that I thought was so nice.
I want to bridge Japanese companies and oversea companies.
The KIC is near by my house, where KIA has some volunteer language classes, we call them ``English table``, ``Korean table``, or ``Chinese table``.
Since he can't speak, he is using a respirator.
I'm glad if you enjoy reading my diary.
I tried to change to another bus to go to my house.
It was my telephone and modem to connect to the internet.
I've got a sore throat from the cleaning spray and my hands get rough from washing.
The weather is very good and very comfortable.
So, most people have canceled their cherry blossom festivals.
Do you know a Filipino singer, Carice?
When she was sitting in the airplane on her way home, just before taking off, the directer of the competition entered and asked a flight attendant where she was.
And the suicide rate has been increasing in recent years.
Moreover, because of its efficiency and convenience, we use technology even if we can do without it.
And some traditional arts are in danger of disappearing because young people are less intersted in them.
One sign is the blooming of spring flowers.
I thought I am proud of him, and I am a very lucky mother because of I have a great husband and wonderful son.
His attitude looks as if he has no enthusiasm about anything.
Relationships are sometimes obscure and many of them are formed impulsively, such as friendship and love.
I think that I can't sleep because of the heat.
But I'm confused because Italian is reading Roman but English is not.
Then he will become a member of the Pharmaceutical industry in Japan as well as me.
He will use English in his work too!
Essay: A Solution to Overcome the Threat
I had to apologize to my customers for it.
As usual, I was trying to use it but unfortunately, today I couldn't do that because my office web security program blocked access to Facebook.
She got her driver's license about a half-year ago and hasn't driven car that much, but today, it was her third time to drive long-distance.
I accidentally came across the movie when I was surfing you tube.
When she reads it, my wife is so concentrated that she doesn't hear my calls. It sounds more natural.
Hello all you beautiful boys and girls or kind-hearted men and women.
I'm a sophomore now, and will be a junior after the summer holiday.
Anyway, the TEPS score appeared on TEPS homepage.
Today, I ate lunch near my university.
The British museum is famous all over the world.
The museum ia famous for art.
the museum
The man is very embarrassed
He deletes the picture from camera.
As you probably know we pronounce a word as we read it: in most cases there's a correspondence between the sound of a vowel or consonant and its graphic symbol.
The announcer was joking about our difficulty of pronouncing the noun of this volcano, especially after listening to its real pronunciation.
So he bought clothes at Abecrombie and Fitch, and finally we went to Universal Studios.
I think Destiny's Child, who split up in 2005, was the greatest girl's group (ever).
As I mentioned in the previous message on this site, I've been practicing English by listening to songs.
I hate studying English writing and grammar, but I like to study speaking.
I ordered vegetable curry which twelve kinds of vegetables were included in.
I laughed when I heard this.:p
The way of my shopping has been convenient, meanwhile ever since the international company came to Japan, many local bookstores have been going out of their business.
Lately, I'm fascinated with ``Wicked``, so I watched their videos.
of MLP figures still nice, but I'm not attracted to them so much..
He was very cheerful, active and fun to talk with (all adjectives), so that he entertained his. grandparents a lot.
butI have a difficulty still communicating with foreign people.
The supermarket that is named ``FOOD ONE``, is one of the cheapest priced supermarkets around here.
Meets and Fishes are imported by the USA or China.
Today I got up early to eat breakfast.
I always get up late during winter
Besides today, I have to do two kinds of winter vacation work.
The google satellite captured something like a snake which is almost 30m long.
I think there are many mysteries in the world.
There is a very interesting myth in my town. 200 years ago, a wise Buddhist priest foretold that my town would be destroyed by a huge flood.
People believed that it was just a myth before one statue was found.
It is a very interesting myth.
Yesterday, I participated in a conversation party for exchange between English speakers and Japanese.
I wanna speak!
It has been more than 10years since I graduated university majoring in English.
Sometimes, I got assignments to have interviews with exchange students who spoke English as their mother tongue.
However, after graduation, I haven't had many chances to use English.
All of these are good methods to release your stress.
I almost had no time to relax...
For me, it really helps me to understand the English.
Also, the correct grammer.
In my opinion, even if he was just a victim, he has to recognize the weight of his responsibility and the influence his behavior on the society because he is the Kabuki icon.
If I was rehired, I would not be able to go abroad. ^ ^;;;;
Today I went to a kimono shop with my mother because I intend to wear one to my friend's wedding.
But Japanese people seldom have a chance to wear one.
I wore one once at my coming of age ceremony.
But I listen to a various music, Pop, R& B, Hiphop, Blues, Country, Reggae....
Shanghai noon is under a lot of rain today, my friends didn't catch the train, she was supposed to go to xian today.
The capital city Tokyo is a big city.
There are many places to go.
Yesterday, I went to city hall to receive my passport.
Today, I had a part-time job.
It was heavy rain, so my toes were soaked.
I expect to go to shabu shabu with my friends next Tuesday.
It is so interesting for foreigners. My friends are foreigners so I think they will be interested in that.
Occupation: university student
Right now we have a long holiday in Japan.
For example, in an elementary school you can learn how to communicate not to mention studying, and you can learn how to cooperate with your friends/ classmates in junior high school and high school.
When I speak English, it takes a lot of time to come up with right words so I guess I should train my English so as to speak instantly.
On the first day we went on an excursion in (the) Kremlin.
In the evening we went to a water park and water-skied.
On May 7 we went on an excursion to the city.
I almost go to the gym everyday before going to the company.
It is pretty good.
Podcasts are amazing!!!
If I start doing this, I will get to know exactly what I am eating and exactly what my calorie intake is and I will feel bad when I eat a lot.
have been learning Japanese.
``It's impossible because they don't listen to me, especially mom!
I so appreciate that I had preapared TOEFL test, because it gave me a lot of valuable experience in Reading, Writing, and Speaking English.
Without the TOEFL experience, score, and training, I could not have gotten those jobs in just two weeks.
I want to send a Christmas card to my friend.
Before, I heard that a lot of Finnish like Robert's coffee, is that true?
Merry Christmas!
The Western body has long arms and legs, and big hips.
I have a plan to learn English.
First study grammar second read anything in English third watch a children's movie finally write in my diary everyday.
When lunch time came, I was going to go to the restaurant.
On the other hand, social enterprises can obtain funds regularly because they are run through the business method.
Disappointingly, I couldn't enjoy tasting wine when I visited a winery, because I had to drive a car on the way back home.
I went to my university's hospital even thought today was Saturday because that's what the doctor said to all the members of our team.
The messages told me that my card's number corresponds to the card's company's, so they canceled my orders.
Last saturday I'd have a private concert with friends for piano.
Hello.
I wanna get an international license.
I want continue my university studies, but I am afraid that I did not do well on my exams.
It is not a very touching story, but I have watched the series since I was 10 year old, so it made me cry! LOL
I will definitely come back to this beautiful country again!
So, I want to communicate with people of different cultures and countries.
So, I have to learn a lot about managing a business.
I know that it is not easy to succeed.
I want to improve my ability to make sentences.
My favorite person is Ichiro Suzuki.
First diary in English
Today, I am writing a diary in English.
Today I signed up at this site.
I can check your daily journal written in Japanese.
I think hes 'got a good personality and is well grounded.
When he announced that he was getting married, everyone blushed.
A Welcome Party
we talk in english.
I saw the corrections, and I had to start to translate with google translator.
I use google translator when I don't know the words.
Jon always teases me that my English is regressing/ getting worse
Impactful titles???
Tourists can enter a limited area inside the mosque, even a non Islam believer.
It was a drink that I had not known before coming to Singapore.
It is a cappuccino of tea version!
Last night, our teacher was a black man from Botswana.
I'm moving to another seat.
If I want to thank you, I would write in the card, for example, ``Thank you for cheering me up:)``
He's a member of a group called SMAP.
I submitted an application to a new job last month.
I have lived in Fukushima, Sendai, and Iwate before.
It has been inconvenient to go around the Kansai district from Hakodate since the Lehman Shock...
Today, I decided to start a diary in English, to improve my English skill.
My favorite drama is ``Friends``!
I'm glad I found this useful site.
I was part of the staff at a wedding ceremony.
Wearing perfume is not familiar culture (/ common practice) in Japan, so not many people use it.
It was quite expensive, but it feels good though! So it's OK.
You may know that the highest mountain in Japan is Mt.
North is a fascinaing mountain because it has many alpine plants in the summer time.
I've been into mountain climbing for 5 or 6 years.
GCP means ``Global citizenship program``.
When I went home, Paster's wife gave me a ride home.
I thought that it would be convenient for me to go there by bicycle.
We were confused and mad, but we had to obey the indication of Doctor F.
The group that has the shortest time wins the championship.
These are the examples in my textbook.
I'd really like to thank you for giving me a good opportunity.
I had a great time.
I had better finsh now and go to the bed.
It is a practice course and shorter than a real golf course.
Well, this post is not about the date of Hikoboshi and Orihime; who are the couple of the Tanabata legend, but the one of my daughter and her boyfriend.
He is a coffee beans buyer from a different company
I am worried about tomorrow's weather.
Do you still remember me, the day it was raining?
First we were a little bit nervous to make conversation with each other But 30 minutes later, we talked a lot and became really really friendly like we were then.
Almost all of our friends have already gotten married and had children..!
We got information from the service desk.
I tried to connect the internet, but I couldn `t conect it.
In conclusion, technology is useful for education, but we need to have the ability to select information.
In my office restaurant, we can have lunch for 500yen.
However they can't drink after a gig (Because drunk driving is a crime in Japan).
Finally I recommend a cello for you if you have a choice of a cello or a contrabass.
The Web is Degenerating
Actually, it's given us uncountable benefits and an unbelievable world.
But when it comes to daily life, however, I see people who can't stop texting or chatting on their cell phones and who are absorbed in the web for long hours, not to mention myself.
The tachers are gentle and nice.
There are lots of events this month, for example midterm examination, school excursion, and club activities sports day.
Tret 'yakov's Art Gallery is in Moscow.
He liked Russian art, and he bought paintings from great Russian painters.
This museum is named ``Tret' yakov's Art Gallery ``or, in Russian,`` Tret 'yakovskaya Galereya``.
Now the Tret 'yakov Art Gallery is a great museum in Moscow.
They look at pictures by great Russian painters.
Tret 'yakov's Art Gallery has not only pictures and statues, it also has Russian culture and history, because these pictures are a part of Russian culture and history.
I will add photos of Tret 'yakov's Art Gallery.
Anyway, today is my first day in London.
Probably they will become sweet tomatoes:)
The younger sister, Bess, likes to travel all over the world, and got married to a second-rate (horn (trumpet?)) player.
So we should try to (consider/ think about) the younger sister's point of view.
Bess, the younger sister, has to depend on her elder sister.
If I have the opportunity, I would like to use slang words from now on.
I would speak to my friends, ``Hey what's up, dog?``
If you have cool hat ``That's hella cool`` If I get angry at my friends ``Hey stop trippin', dogs ``What would happen if I use those words to strangers?
Many people visit there.
Still, I prayed for peace in disaster areas in Japan and all over the world.
It was an intensity 3 quake.
I want the webmaster to delete those pages, because the pages are not so useful for me.
I'm just a 19-year-old college student, and I don't think my abilities in my native language are any better than many other members from Japan here.
What do you usually do whilst you're on the train?
As you know, Indonesia is still developing itself as a country and I feel their enthusiasm every day by seeing people on the street and huge traffic jam.
Everyone said things like, ``What is your name?``, ``Where are you from?`` and, ``How long have you been here for?`` among many other things.
Most of members came from European countries such as Germany, Italy or Romania and they speak English really well.
If we were in foreign countries, we would have to ask someone who is unknown to us something, for example, how to get something, like a vehicle, how to use stuff, or the ways to destinations.
But how is it in your country?
The first exam, called ``the center exam``, is held on January 15th.
It was the first time that I used an Internet shopping service.
My shop is a salad shop, therefore my lunch is always salad.
I ate the salad fast, and when I opened the hamburger bag
I enjoy the time when I study microbiology.
San Francisco is a very exciting city and I'm enjoying some activities here.
I'm lucky to experience the rare event.
He did not know whether the post office was nearby.
It's hard to explain why I like rainy days.
I believe that TV has reduced communication among families.
I doubt whether the daily homework would help students
Different clothes sometimes influence how people behave.
I wish that this fundraiser will help to cheer on/ support theTohoku people.
The cost would be compared/ comparable
Despite resistance/ resisting
I learned the grammer (preposition + ~ ing)
I'm Russian but I actually now live in Moldova (it is at the border with Ukraine).
I now have an iPod touch, a Macbook, an iPhone, an iMac and an AppleTV and I am looking forward to the up coming new iPhone (iPhone4S or iPhone 5).
Apple fans have to be buying their products again and again like me.
She looked outside and said ``Snow ~ Snow`` with a very happy smile.
And I've realized that lassi, an Indian yogurt drink, is necessary for eating hot dishes.
First of all, it requires a lot of exercise with mental control.
I am going to learn how to use Photoshop.
I will spend my time today looking around Photoshop. I would like to become good at it in a short time.
I went back to my hometown for vacation.
We can buy many prepared foods at the grocery store.
More and more women are getting stronger and scarier than before and beat their husbands.
I am waiting for your reply.
Welcome to our club
Welcome to our basketball club.
We believe you will join a wonderful club.
A strong person will become stronger.
Everybody just thought that was a pretty strong earthquake so it would probably just cause a bigger tsunami than usual.
Anyway, I learned several expressions and words which I'd not been familiar with until today.
My parents and I go to a worship service these days.
English is difficult.
I was reading a Japanese comic yesterday.
In addition, I went to Ginkakuji, Kinkakuji, Kiyomizu temple, and so on.
Then I had a delicious dinner near Kamo River:)
The delicious dinner was 'tofu'.
I lost my earring again.
A is most adavantageous for them to enter nursery.
I had a job interview in a Japanese restaurant.
I have to go back to Japan in the middle of April to attend my sister's wedding party.
Today was the annual meeting for the presentation of research and development in/ at my company.
The distinctive yellow circles on the flecked lamp betrayed the lack of dusting.
We prepared ourselves for the worst, because youth hostel food isn't renowned for it's quality.
> <Everyone looked suspicously at the fish and chips.
I have three younger brothers, so I had dinner with them.
But I think that I want to speak that language, so I want to study hard.
He and I had a trouble today.
I wish to memorize Qura 'an and remember all its words as I remember my name.
I wish to publish a lot of books and become a famous author.
Before I did that I was listening to many different Islamic nasheed by English speakers like Yusef Islam and Dawud Wharnsby.
A magazine guided me to this fantastic web site, so I'm in.
I don't know how many people read my diary, but I welcome you all who clicked my diary.
I started writing in a diary on this site to practice English.
I will write about a festival for children aged 35, 7.
Today, only girls aged 37 participated in the festival and only boys aged 5 participated in the festival.
Many families take photos of their childeren in professional photo studios during this festival.
As she said, there were similar korean food, and it was the same in texture.
About Yesterday
I am a housewife.
I'm looking forward to seeing us graduate.
I like taking pics and listenig to music.
And sometime I draw people and animals.
I'm eating more vegetables.
Could you have my written work in the language corrected?
My aim of this year is to study English.
Today, I will go to one of the biggest shopping malls in Tokyo where I have lived for long time.
I took a usual train. Then I sat next to foreign a girl.
I excited for I could speak in English!
It's no wonder that the Arabic people at the lower levels can hear English better than us--they've been living here so much longer (than we have)!.
Bob hit Tom.
We enjoyed playing games and talking with our friends.
9 years ago I went to the United States as an exchange student.
I've already been to Osaka this summer so I can't travel too far again, however, I plan on visiting my friend's house.
I have to be careful not too spend too much money in the meantime
Automatic translation is not accurate..?
I'm writing this entry by (on a) laptop on the train.
When she came to the hospital she looked scared but stayed still.
she replied that even her slightest move would stimulate it into rustling
There were beautiful ocean view and cozy atmosphere in that.
I think we can be more free, especially in Japan.
Occasionally, I open windows even in winter day!
English in China is very important for my job, so I continue to learn it in my free time.
I am so proud of myself because of my small diary in English, although it's infantile.
Recently, I have been very busy everyday.
Then one Sunday, I was invited by my friend to go for a drive.
I think my family will appreciate eating it every day.
Personally, a friend is a person who makes you feel at ease, or make you feel at home.
I'm glad to join Lang-8!! I hope I can make some friends here.
I was very happy yesterday, so I asked my room-mate, who was sitting nearby, to take a picture of me and my sweets (but this picture let me look fat, haha).
This surgery lasts only 10 minutes, but is it safe??)
He is working for a Japanese company in Shanghai now.
I am going to accompany my Mom to Japan or Cambodia and study TOEFL regularly and hard.
Everybody came from different fields and backgrounds but they all have the same eagerness to learn new things and make breakthroughs inlife.
So now I feel confused and frustrated.
I heard it from my co-worker only today and I was so suprised because she heard it last Friday but it was the first time I had heard of it.
Although before I could not reach my head to the floor while sitting down and opening my legs, now I can do that.
* Video Grid--similar to Picture Grid.
English that Japanese high school students are studying is really grammatically difficult.
I remembered almost all the English grammar, but still, it is sometimes difficult to tell where S ends and where V goes.
But this word is actually difficult and it is weird if I use the word when I talk with friends or children, right?
Yay...
I am so happy today, because my company got a big contract this morning. It's big news for everyone in our company. It means we have things to do, and don't need to be afraid we will be lalaid off, or forced to take unpaid leave. ^ ^, At present, the global economy is so bad, so many people have been fired, so it's helpful to get a big project in our company, ha ha ha ha
It was slippery and dangerous.
I've continued to learn English, but my skills aren't looking to good.
This surely includes me.
because Japanese does not have words with those meanings.
I experienced various things both good and bad.
So they came to my house and celebrated the new year.
Every year we watch Ekiden where collage students run long distance and pass a baton (taski).
my cousin's children came to my home for the first time.
Third, the author described a ultra marathon race that took place in a mountainous area in Mexico, where American top ultra marathon runners and Tarahumara runners competed against each other.
I began writing a diary in English at this web site, and try to correct diaries written in Japanese.
They looked like people who belong to karaoke clubs.
These are quite expensive here in NZ.
I usually can't afford to buy these things.
Next month, I will make and launch a model rocket.
My boss who has good sense of humor and is nice guy allows me to study something when I don't have any job.
I went to an English seminar last Saturday near Tokyo station.
But that seminar was a good opportunity for me, as I was able to meet highly motivated people with a higher level of English than I.
I will sit for a TOEIC TEST in November.
Ran to the public bath
I have girlfriend.
She told me to let our relationship return back to when we were friends.
I've got to appreciate that.
I work in big brewery in Poland as a chief technologist.
I didn't think I will like the book 'cause romantic novels bored me
There are ear-cleaing services in Japan.
Cleaning your ears feels good.
What happens if you don't clean your ears?
The traditional japanese earpick has a top of cotton or Daruma.
I printed out my diaries with your corrections.
I'm reviewing my diaries and studying English by reading many people's corrections now!!!
I hope that I increase the range of my vocabulary and how to express myself.
It was 9 p. m. when I arrived at the center of Bergen.
I have had a speech disorder since when I was 3-years-old.
I am a salesman in spite of having a speaking problem.
If I were not a stutterer, I would laugh at it.
I didn't even think that I would become a salesman.
I have met several people who overcame stuttering.
They said that being old and having experience counts so I believe that I can get over it.
I didn't feel bad at first.
basically I lost attention easily
if I had to read shakespeare right now, I would probably die instantly.
And since I'm a person who easily lets distractions get in my way, it's good for me to learn how to use my time more efficiently.
I have been studying Chinese on youtube.
On 31 Dec, I ate Soba (Japanese noodles) and watched the Kouhaku song competition TV show.
In an onsen-hotel housewives can relax to their heart's content.
It means they can escape not only from daily household chores, but also from having to do anything for their family.
our food self-sufficiency rate is really low, compare with other country.
If my sentences don't make sense or are grammatically incorrect, please correct them.
They had come from England, Canada and America.
I was very nervous,
However, my teacher is very strict with me and she always says to/ tells me that the facial expression of my painted cherubs looks so weird that I have to repaint them.
But I believe that if there are different forms, then there must be some
(We were able to listen to the sound of the waves while we soaked in the bathtub.)
(Some friends talk about their secret stories, usually relating to love.)
(I don't know why, but I also feel like talking about that as I am soaking and relaxing in the bathtub.)
This produces good harmony with white bread.
Also, I like chocolate particularly the bitter kind.
Are my feelings strange??
Turnitin is a detector for bad academic practice or plagiarism.
If Turnitin warned you that your work is plagiarized, you must rephrase the sentences or reference where you borrowed otherpeople's ideas. Otherwise, you will lose a lot of points and, to make matters worse, you will fail the course immediately.
it is like a child's drawing and I am so embarrassed.
Actually, at first I wanted to study psychology as my major out of my hometown.
As a result, I followed one of my best friends to the university that I'm studying at now.
Because the bang hung in my eyes.
These clothes are a necessity but they are also a little expensive for me.
Now, I look at my game collection and I ask my self how did I play all these games?
It only bleed for like five minutes or something but it was nothing bad.
Now, I really want my wife to be a Japanese cartoon worshipper.
As I had thought, she enthusiastically read it HAHA.
and Bright is my English name.
In our city, winter is often cold, with strong frost, snow storms and ice.
Summer will give the possibility of travel, opening new picturesque corners of the motherland.
5 To raise my English skill from beginner's level to intermediate.
So I was researching the market related to these products, and customers.
I'm still continuing the research today.
Sorry, my English is really wrong, I appreciated the support.
I am writing my daily for the first time.
Nowadays I study English for business.
My business is being a salesman, importing products from the USA and Japan.
And since I use a lot of my time to read English, I am not good as good at speaking English.
So I wish to get my speaking ability up to scratch by writing on Lang-8 daily.
I talked to my high school friend about school life.
Saturday 16th, Sunday 17th
Most Japanese students do not go to school on Saturday but this year I will.
I called her back wondering what had happened.
Due to her mischief, I enjoyed a conversation with my old friend.
Recently I've had head and stomach-aches.
And I think people can move much more easily from country to country than in Japan because Japan is an island.
Two celebrities committed suicide last week.
Amazing goal achievement
I am busy because I have to hold a public hearing for my doctrinal degree on Friday.
To achieve this, I need to efficiently take breaks.
MUSIC is one of the my lifelines to survival in these stressful days.
I aired out my 'zabuton' because the weather was fine.
She wrote her feelings and apologized in it.
I took part in an English Speech Contest yesterday.
It had beautiful and soft sands and a few waves probably made by the breeze. It totally looked like a small seashore.
The lights from each house shone brilliant and conjured up a feeling of nostalgia for a fleeting moment.
(It takes you 7 years to become perfect at the piano.) I'll leave my home in two years and I have a choice: I can lose 2 years in music school and learn the basics or not even start.
: When I'm coming in, we would live for the Lakers or the Sixers?
: No, I know what your first basketball game ever, and I know its pretty exciting, but when it's all said and done the season wouldn't be long enough.
In the beginning, I guessed that 1000 people would register.
We met in the university classroom.
Finally, Joseph, a friend of mine here at lang8, corrected it.:)
Since then I'm afraid of other people, especially their eyes and words.
There were several kinds of rubber duckies in a basket.
This site is a little different...
Later, I saw a video on youtube.
Despite this, the groom seems very calm and polite.
The cow is an old friend of the old man, who has raised the cow since it was very young.
So I only learnt grammar, reading, writing, but not speaking.
It helps us improve the ability to relate or summarize something in ways that are easy to understand.
Anyway, I have to say that learning anything is not a piece of cake but our passion will help us improve easier and sooner!!!
Yesterday, I went to work.
I am a process engineer in a foreign-funded company, but my job is training the operators in how operate the machines and maintain them.
I dream about doing a great job, I dream I am a millionaire, but fantasy is pretty and the real word is cruel.
The Internet helps us communicate with different people.
That's what some Japanese had done while Japan was invading Asian Countries when Japan was once under Imperialism rule.
When I read the sentences, my sleeping head seemed to awake suddenly.
Instantly, the whole world disappears and all I can see is the light with all the colours.
Today was great though I still felt like a isolated knight except, when I was talking to this girl who was really sweet who taught me the words ``serendipity and kismet.``
I don't understand why we must not talk on our mobile phones on trains.
Most of the members in Genshiken are male.
Because I like the French bread most of all.
I want to eat it soon, but I'm waiting to eat it till today's dinner... (>-<)
But I have to pass the school exam which has an interview and a resume before IELTS.
They will become important people to me in the future because they can change Japanese medical practices, by thinking about Japan objectively.
I'm looking forward to seeing old friends in this ceremony.
Even if things were not wrong and made sense, I would still correct things if things sounded unnatural.
But since becoming friendly with foreign people, I've come to realise (noticed/ discovered) that bending the truth is more common in Korean cultures than other cultures.
I went to the gym to play basket ball.
I'm from china, I can speak chinase!
These days, I have been busy writing 2 kinds of graduation thesis (because I belong to 2 kinds of seminars...), but these emails made me feel a little refreshed:)
We had a ferewell party for the overseas student yesterday.
So today, we're going to renew our expired passports.
Of course, I am allowed to sleep if nothing has happened.
They are very useful and fun!!
I already have three articles ^ ^
My sister highly recommended a Japanese movie called Detroit Metal City (DMC).
At that time, I was curious about the storyline because there was a naive guy and a weird guy.
The naive guy acted in Death Note and it's quite different from that movie.
His hairstyle was so funny that I couldn't help but laugh at it.
I (like to) stay home and take it easy without doing anything
Celebrate the first of
I am going to make pasta with tomato-sauce and bacon and the cold potato potage soupe for her.
I think that everything will go well.
I just came back from my trip to Mui Ne, which is in the Binh Thuan province.
It was in a restaurant, and there were 7 people present: myself, my parents, my husband, his parents and a go-between.
I think my English is getting better and one day hope to speak English fluently. ^ ^
My favorite idol commit suicide.
My hobbies are snowboarding, traveling, and studying foreign languages, now I study English and Spanish.
If you are learning Japanese, I will help you.
but I prefer a whole one with its insides included.
I garnish saury with some grated Japanese white radish,
Sometimes cultural differences caused misunderstandings.
The words I used were misunderstood, but it told (taught?) me a lot of things, such as how important it is to understand the background of the language.
I went to school and learned about English Education.
Recently, she went to hospital and was given a check up, and was diagnosed with tubeculosis.
Tokyo prefecture and the office that she belongs to started to move for the purpose of informing many people who might have caught tuberculosis from her so that they go to hospital and are given a check up.
Celebrities have many chances to communicate with many people, so I think that they should go to hospotal and be checked up often.
I couldn't understand why it was not working, and I asked to my husband for help
So, will who is an American or someone who can speak English please correct this entry?
I started this entry without any ideas to write about.
The weather?
Well, today the sun decided to show all of his strength and the result was a really hot day. Maybe he picked a fight with the poor clouds and banned them from the sky.
Okay, I just finished talking about weather...
I know that it's only 9pm but today was a really tiring day and I'm really sleepy (That's why my post is so silly and has almost no sense at all.
I don't know what I will say here, I just want learn more about English and at the same time make friends with whom I can communicate and pratice the language.
The highway in the capital was so packed that we kept moving really slow for an hour.
I am 19 years old girl working in advertising agency. My position is a secretary.
But I am going to change my job because the financial crisis happens.
This evening, I watched a movie called ``This is it`` which is composed of footage related to Michel Jackson, mainly the footage of rehearsals for his concert in London scheduled in July.
I made dozens of rice balls, filled with pickled ume, salted salmon, dried benito, tuna, and many other ingredients that were available in my home.
we have a long holiday
So it was too late to get a driver's licence during this break.
When I saw that the patient in the show couldn't wear a jacket correctly (she put it on inside out), I was astonished.
I'm so nervous and I feel like there's butterflies in my stomach.
I opened an e-mail from my friend, It was about 'Facebook'!
Last January 17th was the 15th anniversary of the Great Hanshin Earthquake in 1995.
Kobe is an urban city and famous for fashion and nice foods.
Many people were crushed and burned to death under the rubble of houses.
I am going to keep writing English diaries.
I hope my English gets better and better!
people all over the world have to help each other.
we have to help each other by using English in the world.
Many typical Japanese companies have new years vacation during the first three days of January.
Today wasn't a special day.
She picked it up and brought it to their house to eat.
Wollen Sie hierher kommen?/ Wollen Sie herkommen?
My friend who used to lived in Kitakyushu created this game.
Each of my uncles and aunts has a son and a daughter except for my youngest uncle.
By the way, I wanna know about cities in foreign countries.
4) Each compartment has priority seating for eldery people, pregnant mothers and handicapped people.
I think that it depends on each country's culture and history, which numbers are considered unlucky
(They studied calculating and memorizing instead, though.)
I thought that he was very kind.
Then I'm very surprised by the price of the vegetables.
For example, a head of iceberg lettuce is 295 yen, a cabbage is 299 yen, and a tomato is 199 yen!!
I want to speak It very well and make new friends also.
most of them have thier own jobs and they practice soccer in their off time, nights and holidays.
Last month, the government gave a medal to them for their glorious match in the Women's World Cup.
My throat is still swollen.
Tomorrow is mother's day. When we are young mom takes good care of us, but as we grow up, mom becomes old, and some of us do not treat their mother very well. Now I just want to say everyone of us should take good care of our mothers! Tomorrow we must tell our mother ``I love you, Mom!`` I hope every mother in the world will be happy everyday!
I have lots of friends here, but they are either Singaporean or from other countries whose first language isn't English.
So I want to have opportunities to talk to Caucasian people in order to improve my pronunciation.
Today my business partners invited me for lunch.
My favorite season is summer.
Afterwards my friend said he wanted to see Avatar, so we went to a
movie theatre and saw Avatar.
I was really shocked and asked him why he had never spoken to me in that language before.
Why do so many people come up to me these days and tell me their ideas?
^ ^ During the Christmas season, I was too busy to enjoy the festive feeling.
Actually, I really like this drama a lot, so I made korean subtitles for the episodes.
If you have The time, I recommend you to watch that drama.!
I helped her cut paper for a long time and then we went home
but English speaks to me and says ``Vitaly you are too stupid``
Yesterday, I went to Ang Mo Kio to meet a friend.
We are language exchange partners.
At first, I would only write a journal entry in English on lang-8, then I wrote it down on my notebook after someone corrected it.
Well, my priority now is English, because next year I'll take the university entrance exam. I chose English as my foreign language, but I'm falling in love with Japanese!
Naturally, I will correct your Japanese too.
I hope I can enjoy every class during the second semester.
Even if I don't have anything to write, I should write.
His eyes always look sad.
Topic: It has recently been anounced that a new restaurant may be built in your neighborhood.
Moreover, if the meals prepared by this restauranat are tasty, you can treat your guests to a meal at your favorite restaurant.
I should go there early because I am afraid of a traffic jam.
I think she has a lot of things to tell about about her interview.
and we all felt disappointed that we couldn't have the ceremony.
So we decided to go to the university together another day.
However, I often switch the opposite way of the function I want.
I often get angry with myself, when I go to get the coffee. I find nothing, and I have to do all over again.
One day my throat was sore.
Now I can't breath through my nose.
By the way, I watch the TV drama ``soredemo bokuwa ikiteyuku``.
Quarelling severely with my mother, working for the whole day till 5pm.
I played tennis with my friends.
We played tennis together.
In the afternoon, we'll take the bus to the Night Safari park and be there until 10: 30PM.
I don't know whether my recordings sound strange because of that, or because of my pronunciation...
Some residents couldn't understand how important it is for us to separate garbage and recyclable wastes.
The garbage in the recyclable waste container had rotted and attracted flies.
One of the apartment's maintenance personnel came to fix the problem promptly.
My hobbies are playing teniss, listening music and spekaing english in a compettitive debate.
If I had a lot of money, I would travel to an other country for the summer. ^ ^
Polamalu tackled by hair
Taiyaki is a Japanese famous confectionary.
I want to eat something delicious, something yummy, something that will be a real pleasure, maybe Chinese food, maybe Japanese food or maybe other Asian food!!
Since they knew I love reggae music, they took me to a reggae bar.
Every time when a disaster happenes, many politicians would blame each other for it. However, they do nothing about it
He told me he was surprised with his doctor's comment.
The hamster arrived at my house in a sealed box.
I thought chewchan was a male. My friend didn't tell me otherwise.
He is [He's] one of my best friends.
Here/ This is a kind of radio program that he made.
Outside is heavy snowing, although it is just beginning of December.
and I prefer to see a variety of clouds in the blue sky.
I would like to master English. My dream is to see movies in English without subtitles and make many friends with foreigners.
I wanted to buy an American brand, but they didn't have any.
I haven't used Dreamweaver for half a year, so it was hard to remember how to use it.
However At the office, I can't talk to anyone in English on Skype.
Besides, when I get to my house for the work, it is already midnight in the United States.
I'm sure my speaking level has been going down....
Even though I know I paid a lot of money to take the class, after I lose interest in studying at school, I don't feel like going to school at all.
Although it seems like a kind of poison, alcohol has to be a medicine.
Some people believe that drinking alcohol is not good for their health.
According to an health research institute, drinking has a positive effect on health.
My parents and my grandma were disappointed in my failure.
I am very worried.
There will fewer friends in the university, because some of them have alreay grauated.
Thank you for reading my journal.
I traveled to the western part of Korea, Kanghwa Island last weekend.
I'm just a little nervous.
My neighbor Department's people went on a business trip today,
So My Department's people have a little free time.
I'm helpless from secondhand smoking.
It was difficult to understand what they said because they were speaking English with a British accent.
Today I'm talking about an Italian restaurant.......
I went to Saizeriya, an Italian restaurant, with my friends, do you know it?
It's very cheap and delicious. For example, Milan style doria is only 299 yen (maybe about 3 $)! Almost all dishes are less than 500 yen!
I think Shogaki, the president of Saizeriya, is very clever because he always tries to keep the prices down and make the food more delicious.
He has his own farms and grows thevegetables they use.
Besides, from the farm to each restaurants, the vegetables are kept at4 degrees Cbecause the vegetables canretain theirfreshness in 4 degrees.
He tries so many things to serve cheap dishes and be more delicious!
I am thinking about giving her a hand blender
I didn't know why, so we stopped eating, and I tried to make her sleep.
I listened to his newest album 'the pursuit' many times.
We drank a lot of alcohol, talked, and danced!!!
His work requires him to stand up for long periods and carry heavy water-filled pots from the sink to the gas oven many times a day to prepare for the restaurant opening.
The next day, he entered a smaller hospital.
Also I want to increase my English vocabulary.
I usually go to the school 20 minutes or so before the class starts.
But these days, I feel relaxed and manage to communicate with them.
My daughter's graduation ceremony from university was postponed.
We enjoyed talking, having some snacks and drinks while laughing out a lot.
Soy bean milk is not only water but also it's useful for your body because it can help to reduce a collateral in the blood, reduce the risk of cancer, reduce the risk of heart disease.
I will go to the shopping mall because it is cooler than my room.
I talked with an American guy and a Filipina whom I met here on Lang-8 using Skype yesterday.
But the citizens (residents?) didn't want to abandon the school.
The school parking lot is filled with cars decorated with a Kei-on character.
Luckily my mom lives near the place, so I parked my car, went down to the river bank and spread a tarp over a good spot.
Before I send an e-mail we have to show my e-mail draft to our boss to check it.
He told me there were two verbs in my sentence.
Anyway I still want to make full use of this website and keep practicing writing here.
Temperature wasn't so high, but it was very humid.
Certainly, it is very dangerous,
because Japan rely on nuclear power for many part of electric supply.
So younger people in Japan should have more interest in these problem or
What do you think about a nuclear power plant?
I must study English harder!!
If I could play on his team with him, I would assist him.
I received the glasses from there.
We used to study at the same school together for a long time. She is two years older than me.
So I that's how I spent my time in the afternoon today.
I am going to write my diary in English to practice my skills
The title is ``CASE CLOSED``, which is a Japanese story.
The true love between a vampire and a human really moves me and I always look forward to watching the ``New moon``.
So I decided to read the book, but its contents are a little different from the movie.
I found it in two articles, but each sentence is different from the other one, so I can't understand how to use it exactly.
I wondered whether or not I should write about it, but I deciced to do so because I just want someone to listen to it.
I couldn't catch what he said completely, but he told another person with a laugh, ``Wow, someone is talking Japanese!``
I earn my pocket money by doing part-time jobs.
So I will write my diary with ``Look`` or ``Look like`` as I learned them.
Shihomu, my friend from Japan, even told me ``I thought you looked Japanese when I first saw you``
I want more time to practice skateboarding. (whoops!)
Hello. My name is Kim Dong Hyuk.
However, I don't like Harry Potter.
I think Harry Potter is childish.
I feel like many reports and presentations are just waiting for me.
An exhibition of the works of Fernando Botero has been on view there since July.
The first exhibition I voluntarily went to in order to appreciate art works, other than a mandatory school field trip, was in 1999.
In addition, there was the argument ``after the plan, Korean casinos will go bankrupt, and Koreans will be jobless because 70% of the casinos' customers are Japanese. ``
It was really fun, but I needed to get drunk and also practice some dancing.
Ofcourse he is the most popular singer? in the world.
and thanks a lot that you taught me anything.
I like watching movies, especially movies like ``THE DEVIL wears PRADA``.
many foreigners know very difficult kanji, including some of the ones even most of the japanese wouldn't know.
I fell asleep twice or more in an hour.
2: To remove the strong bitterness, boil them or put them in cold water for 10 minutes.
I seasoned them with salt and pepper.
It is a rental apartment, the rent of which is over 1000 dollars per month.
I never think that let it snow in my region, but it makes me smile.
I saw the rainbow on the way to the English speaking society at 5: 30 p. m. yesterday.
Please correct some sentences.
She grew more than I expected because she is a mix of
govern: In ancient times, Rome governed all the known world.
bend: I will not bend my opinion even though all the people here oppose it.
LOL, I was the superman of the moment!
and creates a sustainable future on its own accord.
Hi, it's my first text on this page and I hope that this page will help me by improving my English.
You must control the robot arm with the two buttons: ``forward``, ``rightward`` on the control panel.
I'm so happy have this platform that I can learn language on. My English is not good, so I want have other people help me. I can teach you Chinese, and we can help each other.
Since President Obama seems to be loosing his ``magic touch/ magical powers,`` I am not surprised by the outcome.
But I think this music clip is good entertainment and a song that gives me the impression ``This is Michael Jackson``.
according to yesterday `s translation, boss corrected them himself and praised me for a good job.
But, I can't write natural sentences in English or speak English well.
English as a second language
Frustration is always followed by the goal to be perfect, particularly in learning a language where there is no end in this field.
Astronomical sums of money has been invested on English education in Korea.
I dont 't have the instinct or the intuition for the English language. ``
I guess that's because I haven't had much (a lot of) opportunity to make small talk.
my hoby is sports and I love many sports so I'm massule.
Oops, I'm a Korean guy.
We count numbers starting from the number one and the person who says the number thirtywill be the loser.
Recently, I'm learning not only jazz, but also hip-hop and rock.
I will study English everyday hard!
I registered at this site immediately.
First, I made Korean soup which is for birthday soup. Today was not anyone's birthday though, but it tastes great!!
I decided to practice English writing in this site from today on.
so I decided to take a bike ride with my friend
but when I went to pick up my friend
it was still raining,
Now it's sunny again,
Would you help proofread these sentences?
I bought stickers-these are for you!
By the way, the 31st of October is Halloween ~!!
If you have free time, I would like to exchange Halloween goods.
For example, people used to live in Japanese-style homes, but with the modernization of buildings, these types of structures are becoming things of the past.
The vast amount of vocabulary is making me confused and frustrated.
Do you recognize my weaknesses in my journals?
At first I couldn't believe whether or not the news was true.
this weather makes me really depressed!!!
the internet, junk food and smoking have been my life.
Her strongest point was that I ruin my health by not eating eggs and dairy products but when my brother poisons himself it's something where nobody could do anything about it.
She is just too stubborn, but so am I...
I think I made mistakeson all the exercises and I'm going to get 3 (a really bad mark D:).
Of course, there are people who are very frank and never diplomatic.
If you have an opposing viewpoint or any advice, please tell me. (^ ^)
I like to play guitar and sing, but I can't practice all the time because I work in System of Engineering.
I made chicken cutlets for lunch today.
Today, I am going to tell you how to make healthy chicken cutlets!
Today's lunch was very yummy.
One more thing, February second is Ezaki-san's birthday.
I wasn `t able to focus during the listening part, I don` t think I will get a good score.
Recently, after I get home, almost all of the things I do are doable while sitting.
I know exercise keeps not only my body sharp but also my mind.
I had studied English to enter college, but my English is poor.
I will wash it until noon.
We would like to hand our property ``children's songs`` down to the next generation.
However I think they are more attractive than Tokyo.
Anyway, we enjoyed the beautifully displayeddishes and scenery of the countryside.
He might be starved!
The A-course (which we ordered)
Grilled octopuses with herb.
Avocado and fruit cock-tail.
especially new recruits who recently graduated from college.
I'm looking forward to it!!!
In the nursery my three-year-old daughter goes to, teachers choose an elder child as a partner for each young kid.
No food, no electric, no gasoline...
I'm here; because, my English is not so good..
Actually, in my daily life I don't have to use English; but, my father lives in California, so I want to work on my English.
Anyone, please help me and be my friend.
It is for my illustation project and the other style is like a manga for business on a web gallery.
I will have a lot of pictures to show you..
I have to wake up early because of the heavy load of my job.
Because I sit a lot in front of my desk, I go out for lunch with colleagues whenever I can.
I enjoy working and I always appreciate the opportunity to work with
I don't eat a lot because I am supposedly on a diet, although the diet seems to never really succeed.
If you meet people you have bad memories of, and you have not kept in touch for years,
My favorite English words are ``lovely`` and ``brilliant`` because I like the ``L`` sound.
Sometimes I have to write business sentences in English, but I don't have the confidence that it would be written correctly.
However, I can manage to communicate, so no one tell me whether the sentence is correct English or not.
When I was a college student, I majored in Danish language and society.
Japanese has only 5 vowels so 17 vowels is a surprising amount.
In the end, my father was able to arrive at the hospital in time to be present for my birth.
I won't forget white paudry sands, palm trees, cool breezes, and the beautiful light emerald green sea.
I woke up this morning with a little stuffy nose...
one of my friends to explain this something to me, she told me that she also didn't understand it
I watched the last season yesterday.
(It's called ``Doyou ushinohi``) However I lack money to buy it.
They are a little bit expensive for me....
And I know they are disgusted by that.
Well, when you were a little toddler, you probably watched some cartoons on the telly.
I'm confident I'll pass IELTS because you have taught me Aussie English so I'll study harder than you to speak english well.
I enjoyed chatting with my friends in my college.
I felt flight attendants are very tactful.
As such, I feel so stressed out after school.
After studying about 30 minutes I start to feel sleepy.
so effectively!
Today I watched an ice cream truck pass my house. (Totonto Lake Shore west)
I know that sometimes they don't ship an item with insurance or tracking number.
I sent a message to the seller.
Today, while I was taking the bus to the place where I study Japanese at, I saw someone offering their seat to an elderly person.
Coincidentally, there was an elderly person standing next to me.
By the way, I work for the company in Tokyo and our headquarters is in the United states.
Grammatically, is it a conjunction?
Yippie!!
Vocabulary:
I don't like rainy days.
In this photo the Yukata features ``Pika-chuu``, and is designed for the children.
I recognized abdominal walls, that were cut open and the bowels came out.
To be surprised, she told me that many peoples was arrested by false charge and killed in the communism age.
Cherry blossoms
Another friend is taking maternity leave.
She is looking for an interesting job and applying to many companies.
I've decided to try writing a diary in english from now on.
These days, I really want to make friends with people from other countries.
I've gotten talking out of the way, I want to leran english, and make foreign friends.
I'm going to give a farewell party tomorrow.
I chose the Dopamine key chain!
This trip will help me forget about everything that happens at work.
For example, He always smoked in the living room even though I told him that I'm a nonsmoker and I told him to smoke outside.
A Japanese person posted a comment in Japanese which basically said ``I think your journal is very nice, but I can't understand why people made so many corrections to your journal.
When it comes to crimes, I think mass media play an important role to inform citizens of what's happening on a nationwide level in terms of violent crime.
Koyasan is very famous as a place of a type of Buddhism, called SHINGONSYU.
I invited my foreign friends to my town.
My dream is to run a youth hostel in my town and I hope that many foreign people will visit my home town.
How to define far and near?
It was a challenge, my mom wanted to watch TV and write something down at the same time.
The eyeballs can't balance as well as usual.
People always say: 'The eyes are the windows of the soul'.
In 2007, I went to America for 2 weeks by myself.
Maybe I don't need a boyfriend. I hate the idea of marriage.
My father and my mother don't like each other. Persoanlly, they affect my opinion about marriage.
Some day I will change them to a ceramic and plastic mixture later.
... more and more companies tend to value their employees 'abilities or personalities over their academic qualifications.
Just taking classesand then graduating would not help themgain knowledge and improve their skills.
Therefore, In my opinion salary should be paid for the results of daily work such as: one's performance and the amount of benefit they have brought to their workplaces.
So residents are required to help each other and participant in committees.
There are many committee, such as the Representive Committee, the Bath Committee, and the Welfare Committee.
The members of the committee are engineering students, but they are amateurs.
Because of that, sometimes they can't deal with problems, and then the internet connection is cut.
Unfortunately, some members of the network committee graduated last month.
Disconnections from the Internet have happened more than ever this month.
I tied it with a ribbon and painted it pink.
Therefore I ate a salad so as not to skimp on vegetables.
I can't give up on communicating with him and all English speaking people yet.
It's also a good experience which can arouse my interest in languages and at the same time help other people. (interest was misspelt)
I am willing to correct those articles in Traditional Chinese but Simplified Chinese seems to prevail. (Traditional was misspelt)
Although the grammar and usages are the same, I am wondering if my corrections are easily understood.
because I want to speak English for business.
I organise a loudrock community website in Japan.
So I'm not familiar with programing.
And there were lots of customers!:D hehe
Every costumer seemed to love our shop!:)
Oh, thank you God, You saved me. ``Right after expressing my thanks to God, I fell on the ground again.
I still remember that.
Seems I was ready not to believe anybody and anything what might happen on this day.
We also call that twelve years ``one period``.
And if you were born in the year when the animal symbol was a rabbit, you are called a rabbit person.
If you want to know more, please write to me.
People want their lives to be special and want to live differently than others.
her husband is cool and a kind man.
How to remember more words and use them correctly
Although I don't think that learning history was the waste of my life, I should have majored in English.
I know that she particularly likes Japanese chocolates.
My wife hasbeen having a child-care leave, but she went back to her job in February, so we have had less time to take care of children than before.
Now that I have completed some my tasks, I wish I could come to write my journal and proofread my Lang8 friends 'journal like before.
Apparently I threw it away when I was sleeping uncomfotably because I had a stuffy nose.
This spring, Japan is very hot in comparison with last year.
It was because one of the students had complained to me about the content and direction of my class.
Maybe it's their culture, so if you want to go to Hong Kong then you had better not mind it.
Yesterday, the minister announced that maybe a blackout will occur.
When I'm at work there is not much to do so I pick up my notebook and start practicing my hiragana/ katakana. I hope that someday I can be good so that I can go to Japan to sharpen my skills. My life dream is to become an international businessman and to be working all over the world, but right now it seems like such a dream. So much like a dream that I often feel down and surpassed for such a dream I have. So getting back to the main point, after I finished my work at my father's place I took my computer and watched some anime.
Also, if you are learning Korean, let's be friends with each other.
Please tell me your answer.
In Japan most people are punctual and honest.
I also want to watch a baseball game at Yankee Stadium since I am a big fan of baseball.
Even if my brain was not totally in its place, I was still able to do a 20 Japanese character study instead of the required 30.
Colorado Rapids won their first title of the MLS on the same day.
The audience at Nagoya was comprised of 12650 spectators, and Colorado had 21700 spectators.
I study Italian too, I feel this language fresh because I have studied Italian since three months ago.
This is the first entry of my diary.
``Do you speak English?``
Thanks to everyone who edits this.
I finished reading ``How Starbucks Saved My Life`` today.
He started cleaning the store toilet and bagan to learn valuable things through his job, and he finally found his true happiness in his new job and unfamiliar environment.
Good feedback helps students to improve.
How different are feedback and assessment in English?
As you might know, it's not as easy as it seems to keep writing diary entries continuously.
But in these free days I had also done hard for my English, even some of the days I had to prepare to my exams.
Did I just make an excuse not to do something?
I'm a bit hungry.
I did not arrange a costume for the party.
But, I am double majoring in mechanical
(I think it should be English literature or English education, right?)
Look at this clip, please:D
My father is conservative. He is not so agreeable.
My little brother is active. He likes playing soccer.
Blue tincture curtains are popular.
I teach Physics, Ana teaches Japanese, Ega teaches Indonesian, and Yanti teaches Music.
At the beginning of February, some friends of mine also came to visit Tanzania, and we traveled Zanzibar island, which is the best place in Tanzania to rest (or relax).
So I decided to use my vacation (only 5days including Sat and Sun.) for English lessons!
Since I couldn't understand anything, I don't know what should I do during class.
Someday I want to travel around the world.
I stayed at home with my nephews, and one of my nephews used my telephone to record the video.
Since I want to be an exchange student in Sweden, I must improve my spoken English.
This afternoon, I used a subway to go to the centre of my city.
I wonder if public manners for young girls are changing.
I live in the dorm and I have four roommates.
It takes about 20 minutes by car.
Therefore, I have to ask someone who has car to take us to the grocery store if we need some fresh produce (another word for vegetables, fruits and the such) or meat.
His concert was very fun, we enjoyed listening to his songs.
Also, we ate a many kinds of food, for example yakisoba, tamasen, bananas covered with chocolate, etc.
We enjoyed the school festival.
Because I mainly like Rock music.
Let's go to the movie theatre ``
And for just 30 minutes.
Well, I don't get tooo much, but it's still a good deal:D
I didn't exercise last week since my job training.
It is straight and has wide a sidewalk, then I saw some people who enjoyed walking or running with their dogs.
Birds were singing and flowers bloomed with morning dew.
I've been reading the Wizard of Oz.
Does it mean that Dorothy finally caught Toto?
I got myself into net surfing.
I hate people who laugh at others who are trying to achieve something difficult ``.
Although my English course has ended a long time ago, I didn't want to stop learning it.
he really nice sometimes when I have a problem I really like to ask him about it because he can help me solve the problem.
I looked youtube for a long time about the animals and fish and I felt happy watching it.
Now, mobile-sites are important for E-commerce in Japan.
Learning another language is difficult for me.
So I studied English for three or four hours a day since I started learning English.
Competing with each other and achieving goals together will sharpen/ shape their skills and bring beneficial effects to their learning.
Generally, it appears that online learning is more advanced and a fruitful tool for studying.
Istanbul is split by the Bosporus.
Recently, I have neglected studying.
Test week
However I will go there someday!
I studied how to answer CET-6 questions lately and came to realize that English is a more subtle language than I ever imagined ~ ^_ ^ ~
She said ``Just listening or writing wouldn't work.
I'm writing this with a dictionary, but I wish I could write without it!
Yesterday, I tried making silver jewelry from silver clay.
The game remained scoreless for 90 minutes and went into 30 minutes overtime.
Japan finally scored a goal with a beautiful shot to end the overtime and won the game.
I'm a big fan of soccer, and I belonged to a soccer club all the way from elementary school to high school.
Japan is now the champion of Asia.
After coming to Singapore, I have been lonely becauseI have no friends in Singapore. Praying everyday was getting harder but I realized the heart of the Lord.
Nowadays, since Kaiten-Zushi are spread all over Japan, we can eat Nigiri-Zushi at a reasonable price.
There was a terrible traffic jam.
Moskow very nice city, but here dirty air, therefore in future I want live in the country or abroad.
I thought it would be a nice opportunity to improve my English writing skills and make good friends.
But Karina, the Arina's friend, was even more cute and beautiful to me!
That evening, Kostia didn't succeed with his beloved Arina, unfortunately, he was too shy and confused.
I will try to introduce you to the story of AVATAR briefly tomorrow.
I'm a happy girl, because there are many kind and good people around me.
Today, I was a couple of minutes late to school because I got up later than usual.
I have started to write a diary in english.
Last month I took the ``Tourism English Proficiency Test`` and passed it!
We can go anywhere without a car.
Ironically a big amount of money kept in the bank accounts are pulled back into society again by the cheaters (OR swindlers).
After I graduated from the university as a mathematician, I decided to change my life and now I am doing my best to become a student of Prague University I next year.
I will try to keep writing this dairy using a lot of words in the future.
It was heavy, even without french fries. The double-decker hamburger was enough to fill my stomach till the evening.
Perhaps people find that it's more healthy to eat natural food and keep a healthy lifestyle rather than eating processed health food and using health-related products so that they are no longer going to buy any health-related products.
So I like to communicate with people;-) I'm a pacifist, open-minded, friendly and unique.
I'm person who loves nature and health.
My daughter is two years old.
I took so much time to find the appropriate word, sometimes without ever even finding it.
It is a custom that we go back to our parents 'home for New Years in Japan.
because I had a test in Chinese.
Fortunately, the weather was also fantastic!
I'm going to go to a drinking party today.
We chose one and wrote the resume while imagining if I applied for the job.
But I want to be an early bird so I'm trying to wake up earlier than usual (although I couldn't make it this morning).
I thought Puff Daddy (Do you call him that?
He is going to try out for a team for the first time.
The exams are held in November.
Hello, welcome to my home in lang-8. First of all, I will introduce myself. I am a 21 year old Chinese university student.
(Such as in) words or grammar and so on. I will thank you very much.
English is so difficult.
English is that I do not know how to remember new grammar and
But it feels very comfortable for me.
In my laziness, I only watched funny films and cartoons,
I bet you will get a lot of chocolate from your students.
A clock, a cute notebook, a big mirror, a keyholder, hair accessories and an English language picture book!
I've been playing a game made by another country recently.
But I haven't improved my speaking or writing yet.
But I had to cancel my trip because of Swine Flu.
This is his diagnosis.
The first day of language school
I think mastering our mother tongue is completed when we are very young.
Of course we wouldn't have had such a big vocabulary back then.
Have you ever been confused about using prepositions?
Maybe you already knew what preposition you should put in a sentence much earlier than you can remember.
we stayed for a long time.
Brain exercise for me, lolz:)
My second step is to look for internet websites that easlily teaches writting English dairies.
Last Saturday I went to the beach called ``The Beautiful Bay.`` The sea was really beautiful.
Listening to the sound of the waves.
Unfortunately, the Beautiful Bay will not be accessible to everyone anymore, because it was constructed by the hotel.
The beach will belong only to the hotel owner.
The beautiful sea will disappear.
He was paying attention to the cars but he wasn't watching out for the bikes and then he was across there was a loud sound from the honking horns.
On the other hand, compared to him, Nowtizki is not as speedy as Rose, but his fadeaway shot where he shoots while jumping backwards is unstoppable.
I am dizzy and I feel down.
I often say ``pardon, please?``
Now I'm studying English vocabulary, but I can't memorize anything because I immediately become sleepy.
I think that using prepositions is difficult.
I work at a convenience store near my house, on Saturday and Sunday.
Many people come in who behave differently.
That is one of the reasons I work there.
I stopped writing my diary for a few months.
But I decided to start writing on lang-8 every day.
In fact, I wanted to watch 'Avatar', but it wasn't in theaters anymore.
Guys, today is Christmas day, merry Christmas day, a happyday, enjoy it.
It is called ``Gay referee``.
I couldn't help laughing when I first saw this.
Friend's father: ``What is your name?``
I was very surprised. Lol. My friend's father was a gentleman like British nobles.
Last night I ate my favourite foods which are sashimi and BBQ. (r)
I thought that learning Japanese is so difficult for native English speakers but as I read their journals, I thought they have seriously been learning Japanese.
Then, she emailed me back in response.
I have been living in Los Angeles for three months already,
but my English is still poor.
The writer is a psychologist, he tried to explain about happiness and good life.
He wrote the Buddhist way and how to take on the meditation, he told that the Buddihist need the faith to keep meditating.
I think that most English learners dislike grammar which is essential for study and to understand well when speaking English fluently.
I have already noticed the reason why Japanese people aren't eager to speak English in front of Native Speakers.
It's been almost two and half years since I moved to Okinawa.
One of the things is MOAI which is similar to privatized insurance coverage systems in other countries but somewhat different.
I prepared to leave for the station and slipped my shoes on in a hurry.
Even being happy only for today is not always so easy, so how can we be sure we would be happy tomorrow or even in the future?
He taught me some English words today.
``Consult dictionary`` is just serious.
I would like to talk to him using the word that he taught me today.
I have looked up the word, you taught, in the dictionary.
Of course I went to vote for the mayoral election.
At night, the next-door neighbor was always annoying me because he played games with his friends so it was annoying but he disappeared recently.
My first writing
famous as the place name of a certain Japanese region since the beginning of the Kamakura era.
I'm a university student in Japan and want to major in control theory.
On certain web pages that we can talk using each others language, I liked chatting with English speakers.
If you have any good ideas can you recommend something to me.
Hello, my wonderful friends. I saw my friend on MSN and she asked me to go somewhere with her. I think she wants to go to the club.
But evidences proved that I was wrong since most Singaporeans can speak mandarin.
In our school, it's very common that Singaporeans hang out with Singaporeans, Indonesians (stay) with Indonesians, and Vietnamese (play) with Vietnamese.
And we are trying to figure out the most efficient methods to improve our speaking.
SO, good luck for us.
'' The time when you think it's late is perfect time to do it. 'and''The man without motivation is not different from dead body.''
Right now, I'm going to my parent's house to join an oyster party!
But I hardly speak or hear english, and I am not good at reading or writing.
Fortunately there is a box office or ticket outlet in my neighborhood, and it's so close that it only takes me 5 minutes to walk there.
Even though it was quite late at night, we discussed lots of things such as religion, our national spirit, and ourselves as well.
Hi Everyone!
We bow to our ancestors with the foods arranged on the table.
My favorite story is ``A Study in Scarlet``.
I was surprised byHolmes `s reasoning skill.
I never thought terrorist suicide attacks were happening in the US.
The terrorist turned airplanes into missiles and destroyed not only the world trade centre but also other important American facilities.
I think the most difficult thing about English for most Japanese is pronunciation.
We Japanese start to study English from junior high school (when we're 12 years old, but now it can start even earlier)
because actual native speakers can't understand badly pronounced English like I do...
The difference between 'wrong' and 'long' is the pronunciation of the first syllable.
I read books about some scholar's theories and tried to understand the rules,
``When you pronounce' th ', your tongue must be between your teeth`` something like that.
I actually struggled to find a correspondence spelling and pronunciation.
She corrected me and taught me English and that was what I really wanted.
My grammar is bad so my article is terrible.
My English teacher always wants me to write an English composition, but I am scared about it.
My favorite foods are cabbage and cheese.
if you want to write a Japanese message, you will send a message or comments.
Memories of a Trip.
It says that this color gives impression of cowardice.
They are very beautiful. I `ve never been able to part with those cards.
But I have started to enjoy London life recently.
So I started teaching English to young children and then adolescents and finally I learnt more about English grammar and became better acquainted with it
I have been thinking whether I should buy an ipod-touch or ipod-classic since yesterday.
Even so, Those gadgets looks convenient and useful.
Sudenly, She was silent.
My seat is a right under the air-conditioner.
I have a medical test tomorrow.
but here was my weekend I did not study hard.
We wanted to speak to them, but we couldn't because we couldn't speak English well!
Hahaha, I've just watched the first episode of ``Primeval``.
I have trouble with English.
I can read and understand English sentences, though sometimes imperfectly.
I want native speakers and anyone who is learning a foreign language to teach me.
I often hear that English is the most important language of all who want to succeed in the world.
I'm very sad.
The other day, I was watching a variety show on TV and an Australian comedian said this.
and if we worship him, he will give us happiness and let us go to heaven after death
I am off today fortunately, so I will be watching TV, internet surfing, and so forth.
But I can't sleep until I finish writing my entry........
In addition, I want to speak to people all around the world and work in America.
Of course, it's good for my health.
I eat it every morning with soybean flour and green tea powder.
There are many English schools online, some are American and some are Filipino.
I forgot where I heard about it, but according to some sites, an average college graduate native knows more than 50000 words.
We ordered the New York and Angus steak, and both came with mashed potatoes.
Since then, I can concentrate on reading the book and understand what the author is saying clearly.
I know that listening to English conversationsand speaking in English a lot are good ways, but I think first of all, memorizing is the best way.
could you explain about the use of 'with' in the sentences below.
I thought I could hardly success.
I'll try not to be nervous and do my bed.
I prepare for the interview from now.
I have to review excel, word and Japanese.
Which do you want to learn English or Science?
The competition was held at the stadium called Kita Yell.
I would like to ponder about this case and to hear your opinion (if only my friends didn't lose hope to read something from me, sorry for my long break).
But we live in different cities and haven't had the opportunity to pay each other visits very often because the distance between us is 5000 km.
About a month ago, it was announced that Dragon Quest 9 (DQ9)'s release would be postponed.
The Next series is supposed to be released by NINTENDO DS.
I was fully prepared to buy it only for the purpose of playing DQ9.
I felt very sad when SQUARE-ENIX made that announcement.
There are many rumors for that on net.
I read many articles and thought about it.
In the previous series, SQUARE-ENIX set up a provision/ trap against Majicon.
The company produced the game like that in case the player uses Majicon.
Do you think they're real or imaginary creatures?
If god, ghosts and creatures from outer space are in existance, it's only natural that vampires live somewhere.
He stayed at our house for 3 months then.
His Japanese had improve a lot now.
through liquor and another people who can get rid of the stress
At one time I thought that people who exhaust their lives were successful.
I feel satisfaction when I'm working.
People sometimes voluntarily enjoy something bad.
Somehow we feel happy when they succeed in accomplishing something worthwhile.
I will go to Taiwan in October on business.
I'm looking forward to going to Taiwan next month.
this is a traditional traditional festival, maybe other families are happy and expected, but my family is not,
fundamental: I need to study the fundamentals of Japanese history.
indispensable: He is an indispensable force for our company.
splendid: Casa Roma is a splendid castle built in Toronto.
The problem is that these lifestyle changes can make people overweight easily; also people don't want to exercise.
Choosing a PC
In my new life style, I have a lot of changes compared to before.
On the other hand, almost all cars exhaust carbon dioxide.
There are too many self developement, self-motivation, or self-help books in Korea.
I ask him to let me sleep 30 more minutes, but he never does.
I've traveled to some places not only in Japan, but also to other countries.
Last weekend my wife and I went to tennis matches for beginner mixed doubles.
It's delicious and rare. I want to learn how to cook this kind of beef.
However, I cannot explan.
But today, I found out good website for my thinking which cannot explain right now.
Kendo is not just a sport, it is also Budou.
Kendo is similar to weight training.
I can understand them.
I'm not good at expressing myself, I don't have any qualifications except a driver's license, and I have never had a special experience such as an internship or volunteering.
Since the entrance exams for universities take place next year,
Sometimes I am tired of the piles of assignments, but I enjoy spending a lot of time with my friends, and having high aims and good teachers.
I have decided to keep a diary in English as often as possible, so
My main difficulty is understanding spoken English.
When the groom kissed the bride many cameras flashed.
I am happy for them sincerely.
Will someone correct my grrammatical mistakes after I post my articles or should I add someone as my friend first?
I found him in YouTube:) He made a parody of Miley Cyrus's 7 days.
Although I don't study English at the university, I want to be able to speak English fluently.
It is derived from ``family``
In japan it is winter now.
Recently, I happened to hear very nice music.
I watched ``Enchanted`` by disney.
Someday, I want to fall in love with such a prince!!
I want to communicate with a lot of people.
I'm a normal man. someone please help me lol
I'm in a hard situation, no, I'm in predicament now. The reason why I say so is because I found surprising stuff in my house.
I thought he put my socks into his closet again.
Oh my goodness! It was a gay magazine; I was really surpurised at it, and I was also scared of my landlord.
I'm gonna have to keep protecting my ass from now on until the date of departure to Singapore lol.
Although the vet told us Frontline is working, and that we shouldn't worry, we are not happy considering our dogs 'conditions.
What I'll write is just my opinion, so even if my methods are different than yours, don't worry about it.
If I wanna improve my speaking skills, I should make a certain number of sentences a day and have them corrected by native speakers.
If I wanna understand what English speakers say, I have to read English books and I have to ask Japanese people who can speak English very well if I can't translate it.
My Recommended Movies/ My Movie Recommendations
My friend introduced me to this useful website.
Although, my Japanese is not good enough to write an article.
as playing basketball, swimming, running and so on. If it was sunny, I would go fishing with my friends and swim. I think that impossible right now. wuwuwu. But I guess I can play computer games at home, hehe.
But, I want to comunicate with more foreigners.
The JLPT just examines the learner's knowledge.
In the Pacific seacoast region of Japan, the rainy season is from the end of May to the beginning of July.
there is a wide range of Nabe in Japan, we ate a simple kind of nabe. To make nabe; put all of the left-overs in the refridgerator (such as radish, carrot, deep-fried tofu (bean curd), mushroom, long onion and water) into the pot and cook them together.
Alpha waves have a frequency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and of relaxed alert.
The massive production of Alpha waves in children makes them have a great learning capacity that can even permit them to attain/ achieve super-learning or accelerated learning when in a state of peace.
I respect people with a strong character.
Recently, she has started to make beautiful accessories.
She is very talented.
I can't get up early in the morning!
(original sentence) Odell wasn't certain of what he saw, the climbers may have been at the first and lowest step, with the all-too-formidable second step still to come.
I'm going to write about the spacecraft Hayabusa today.
The body burned, but she released a capsule toward the earth before she was burned.
If there werealiensin the capsule, Wewould besurprised!
Someday, I want to sing songs in other languages too.
This is the first time for me, writing my diary in English.
When you are busy enough, you will forget what you want because you have no time.
I'm going to eat Russian cuisine tonight.
I did 't know that early day's tango was played with flute and guitar.
Meanwhile, most of the oldershops in town don't have parkinglotsor require you topay forparking.
I have studied english for about a year.
I sometimes import Manuka honey from New Zealand myself.
Because it is very different from anything I have ever used, it is very difficult for me to use it.
I can't go home until you give the report.
I major in international relations.
We can't see anyone succeeding just because of his or her talents. Rather, we can see many people succeed by their hard work.
We learn from pronunciation, but learning languages isn't easy.
I have finished to read reading a book.
He then begins started to study this phenomenon.
I am continuing my English learning journey...
I was surprised at an unexpected visitor.
I really love teaching Samulnori with traditional Korean equipment (or: instruments)
Do you think that it is too late for someone at my age to be studying?
Since the first time when I see blackberry phone, I have been totally into them, they look luxury, and the design is stylish.
I am still considering to buy it or not.
Although Samet island is not as popular as Phuket or Samui, its sea and beach looks very beutiful!
I didn `t have a fever, but I had a bit of a headache and stomach ache.
I saw many different costumes and dances.
I have been here for 3 months, and now I am living in MELTON, which is a little bit far my college.
If there are not any dishes you want, you can order through the touch screen controller.
An increasing number of revolving sushi bars have opened recently, meaning we can eat sushi at an affordable price.
He told me to use the expressions that can be found in the dictionary, otherwise my English will sound strange.
Today, I began this lang-8 service hoping to improve my English writing skills.
Time permitting, I would like to take part in advising on the use of Japanese, and am would be very glad to get any tips on my English.
I was raised in a small village, and my father is very poor, of course so am I.
I really want to visit there again, and if I can, I will live there for several years.
It was a beautiful day yesterday.
Then she disappeared with her son.
FridayIhadhis class (no comma) and I was happy on the way to school. (period) I imagined how happy (I wantto use a similar word tohappy) I would be to see him again. (period) When I arrived in class, I said ``Hi`` to him, but he just said ``Hello`` to meas he would to a stranger.
There is no way that showing kindness, affection, and any other positive thoughts won't be appreciated.
And I saw a cafe in the movie, ``The Born Ultimatum``, in which the main actor is Matt Damon.
If you won 10 million dollars-the same mistake:)
To begin with, I'll do my last semester at university for graduation.
I'm sleeping in until the afternoon, eating lunch with breakfast, and surfing the net until it is time to eat again. Then, I may bathe and go back to sleep.
Holiday is so boring without friends.
Should someone correct my writing error and fix my laziness problem?
I have two children, one is in college and the other is in elementary school.
What kind of people do you like?
Thanks for reminding me; I remember those moments. They were very amaizing, life was beautiful.
I went to a shopping mall in the neighbouring city to buy a Christmas gift yesterday.
please ~ teach me English.
If you wanna learn chinese, just add me.
And because of the rain, I couldn't go very far for dining, and I could only choose the nearby restaurants.
I'm starting Lang-8 right now!
My English writing skill and vocabulary are really not good enough.
The high heel is actually not so high.
find my diary entries and correct them.
Actually, I don't miss everything in Taiwan so much.
I would rather try exotic food here than Taiwanese ones,
Even though he said that I had to taste some Taiwanese cuisine here, that way, I could compare what the differences between them are.
Do you have any idea what causes this difference in perception?
Nah...
Sometimes, I see that that they are very smart, organized, and privileged at the same time.
He told me that Americans are different from Egyptians
in their thinking and in their professional and personal lives. But this does not include all of them.
I write this entry because I want Americans to tell
they spend their vacations.
Thanks to any one will answer to me questions.
I really like her eccentric fashion, action, performance, and-of course-her songs:)
I have to wash a lot of laundry!
But it makes me too addictive.
Hello! My name is Sar. I am interested in English language.
It seems more difficult to make friends with new acquaintances as we get older and older.
I `m a Junior at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies.
Please correct my sentences.
Today it is essential to have recommendations because the employers are too busy to receive a lot of applicants.
I don't have anything to do now, so I'm writing this journal now ~
A kind mariner adopted him and taught him how to read, write and his own interests.
This is a picture of my dog.
Japanese usually begin to learn English when we are primary school students or junior high school students.
He was non-Japanese and about 60 years old.
I will send a letter to my host family today.
I am so excited.
I always say that I have not enough time for to study in the night.
With Windows 7, and supported devices, you can an even better experience with Device Stage.
Put the all the ingredients in the pot, and boil them for about 15 minutes.
Put them in a plastic bag with flour, then mix it.
Put the fried wing tips into the sauce.
Its a small class, only 4 people.
There were small candles (on every) table.
But, [comma] we chose a main dish for (ourselves).
need some shopping or resting.
There is a Chinese temple (maybe a Buddhist one) near my house.
It occasionally holds events.
What ceremony is being held there?
In fact I don't know whether or not he is my boyfriend.
When I watch the movie about Victoria in Canada, I'm amazed at the huge forests, high cliffs, and the incredible view from the top of a famous mountain.
I saw many things and bought some commodities.
There was a TV program about pyramids.
I found TV programs about pyramids on the last day of last year too.
I wonder why there are this many ones about pyramids on New Year's Day in Japan.
But, as I watched, I became interested in pyramids gradually!
Some day, I want to go to Egypt and enter (inside of) a pyramid!
It's a huge mystery!
I am going to go to Iwate tonight to see my grandmother.
Secondly, the government should take
I always order Subway's daily recommendation.
Yesterday, I ate a BLT sandwich.
Recently, I'm constantly irritated.
I am very relieved when I communicate with you through Lang 8.
I'm enjoying holidays ~
I'm relaxing during the holidays from the 13th of August.
Today I'm going to clean my room, do the laundry, wash the dishes and so on.
So, I do these things on holidays.
She did not study hard and ended up as a maid too.
Hello everyone!:)
I want to study English today little by little in order to study abroad in the future
I want to study languages by chatting with English speaking people through my computer and I searched website like that.
I don't like the bus because it is very crowded.
If I can't sit on a seat, I have to stand for forty minutes.
However, I have only a little information about Mexico,
I left my work for parental leave.
Today I saw an article that said if express tolls become free, more people will use cars, and as a result greenhouse gas emissions will increase.
But, I'll be learning English through Lang-8.
It's an exciting spot for any Ghibli fan.
Today had many events!
I am redoing this blog.
As time goes by, we'll go our own ways and become busier, but we will still remain in close touch with each other even though we are in different situations.
Strangely, I think Korean resembles Israel in some ways because of some passion and temper.
Because the job notice was supposed to be announced today.
I called asking why the notice was not announced and they said that it was delayed until next week.
I'm into bikes!
It was pleasant to ride on my bike.
I rode on a bike as a child, so I have gotten used to riding, even as an adult.
I always have to be careful so as not to break the speed limit.
My collegue, who came to our clinic by bicycle, said that it was really tough to pump the pedals while traveling against wind, and that it took twice as long for him to arrive here and saw some people fall off onto the road.
This can sometimes be dangerous because on days when the wind is strong, we have more patients who break their bones.
Rhythm games are similiar to learning languages because both require so much time, persistence, and unceasing effort.
Luckily, I was able to get many previous problems from my friend, and I solved about 300 problems before taking the test.
For her parents-my grandparents-we prayed in the Chion-in temple, which is the headquarters of the Jodo sect of Buddhism.
I have to study Japanese more, not only grammar.
After that, one of my friends wanted to play a shooting game.
7/ 5 was my friend's birthday, so our friends celebrated his birthday last weekend.
that was a pretty dream. If I saw her in Bangkok what to say to her (in frist word) at first.
Korea's big holidays
Korea's big holidays are coming up soon.
What am I going to do for the coming holidays?
After these holidays are over, it seems really doomed because there are almost no holidays in 2009.
My mom came downstairs to confirm whether I scored 71 or not.
Yesterday I went to an NBA game, Toronto Raptors vs Chicago Bulls.
I like croquettes because they don't cost so much (around 10-20 yen per piece) and croquettes with brown (Worcestershire) sauce are the best with beer.
As I had not spoken English for longtime, it was difficult to speak fluently.
I think learning another language is similar to playing sports.
I don't work at the moment, but I am going to look for a job which is hopefully the same job I had while working at theimport department in 5 months.
I thought that my experience was awful, but I appriciated my friend's kindness.
She possesses a lot of talents such as teaching English. She is willing to be taught Japanese in a friendly manner...
Last week, I was a substitute.
I may get tired by the middle of the game.
And it's human nature to feel a bit uncomfortable about the unknown.
Hi!!! I'm studying the ``Media History of Japan`` at my college right now.
My other language
In Spain, Spanish is the official language but also spoken are languages such as Galician, Basque and Catalan. These three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country. I have the chance to speak some them such as Catalan, which is a Romance language derived from Latin, and is spoken in Catalonia, Levante (in the area called/ of Valencia), in the Balearic Islands, in Andorra (which is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France) and some in the Italian city called Alghero speak Catalan. It is the 75th most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak it.
And I thought the only thing that make us feel a little unhappy is that the serving fee is 10% of the price, even higher than the GST (the Tax), which was not mentioned outside the restaurant.
She has been to China and studied there for 4years.
I sometimes have difficultycorrecting students 'English compositions, so I need someone's help.
After a few years I decided to brush up on my English.
However, after coming to the US, I feel that this is not true.
When I was a high school student, I was always concerned about the school uniform's ugly style.
However it may be difficult for me to make my dream come true, because I have a four month old baby...
Maybe it is a dream...
I have played the saxophone in school club activity since I was a Middle School Student.
I want to meet her again and talk about things that have happened to each of us lately.
There are a number of runs in this ``Fiesta``.
Please let me know is there any racism in your country.
I love jogging. I used to have this habit, but sunddenly I stopped.
It's fun, especialy for me, because I don't like to exercise at a gym.
It's too crowded, I don't like music, and I always have an excuse not to go.
Then, I researched this song on the Internet.
When I hear this song, I remember her face and her singing.
``Ann and I are going to go to China.``
Are these sentences correct?
The luckiest man in the world Stephen Brad Bury took the gold medal in the Salt Lake City Olympics in 2002/ 2/ 16.
My eyes are sore these days.
My mother is a nurse whose job is to care for handicap people, and her hospital has a school, a car, and a bus for them.
But, in my living country, many handicap people use public buses, which have lifts for wheel chairs (it's cool!!!) and some blind people go to college!!!
They can work without hiding their identity, and their classmates talk to them as friends.
I volunteered at the university last Saturday.
Campus Tour was popular, so we increased our tours.
Japan has very beautiful flowers in spring.
I will talk about my research for six minutes, and after there will be a Q and A session.
For now, I just have to study English hard in Japan. (^ ^)/\ (^ ^)
So, we just had the Gay Parade, which is one of the greatest parades in the world.
And you will need to know the foreign language very good in order to understand and be understood.
On the other hand, education in your own country, for example, in Russia, is adds perspective too.
Russian, Literature, Physics, Chemistry, extra Chemistry and History..............
It's very good gadget for me.
Can you correct my sentences?
Santa Clause came to the party and gave me a present.**
My teacher said that Santa Clause majored in engineering.
Are the problems which international travelers cause greater than the advantages they bring?
Introduction: Travelers from other countries bring more advantages than problems.
It brings a lot of interest to the country.
We had all inclusive, so we can eat and drink everytime for free:) Egypt is a very interesting country...
I'd like to help people trying to learn French too, that's why I find Lang-8 wonderful.
Japan usually hires the students as new workers until spring.
Have you ever imagined your future lover seriously?
In the end, I couldnt even show my smile in front of them, and I couldn't see their smiles either.
I am extremely excited to hangout with the girls here, as a friend or more than that.
I always puzzled on choosing between ``to V`` or ``to V-ing``.
I think it's a great web site because I can practice my English here, and I hope that I can help others to learn Chinese too.
For many people, it's such a comfortable temperature.
This is my first time
However my spoken and written English are so poor, so I am afraid to open my mouth.
I don't have a foreign friend, and there is no foreigners around me. (Just space.)
What if I speak English to my friends? That's so weird. (Space.)
Second, they may not know what I mean because sometimes my English is not good enough for them to understand.
But some cloud was hiding it...
I learned a lot of things about Shintoism.
but I can increase my concentration through prayer.
It is the story about mathematicians who try to prove Fermat's unproved theorem.
It tastes terrific and the/ it's texture is like a rice cake.
Its been almost a month.
And elderly people don't feel hot very much.
Also, some elderly people think that cooling your body is bad for your health.
They had lots in stocks, so they wanted sell them...
Because Dazaifu-Tenmangu is a beautiful shrine.
When we are angry, not only can we not solve the problem very well but we also make the conflict grow.
I believe my English is not good because I cannot use it fluently.
I made a less than delicious cake
I search the recipe, the main crux is setting time and temperature for oven
Also, I feel glad that I'm Japanese because many people know about Japanese culture such as cartoons, and they are interested in Japan!
I often talk about Japanese anime and cartoons to them.
So, I want them to know other aspects of Japan, and I want to know culture of other countries!
I'm studying English for a college entrance exam (ination).
I'm looking forward to receiving corrections on my journal.
AndI accepted his invitation.
I have learned never to use the webcam with stranger.
AndI deleted my profile instantly.
anatano ie ni pasokon wa arimasu ka?
kono atarashii oobun wa yasui desu.
In high school, I fell in love with my korean history teacher, so I did well in korean history.
my family believes that everything is influenced by the heart.
and I usually think positively and enjoy day with a smile.
I don't think I have any....
I think that the students were so surprised that a beautiful woman belched..
at last, please gives advice to lovely Chirwon high school students.
At this time, you don't have to be greedy. Find your own beauty, make impressive memories, and build your self confidence to challenge new things.
He lost his house and family, the only thing he has now is a life.
I bought one easy book for beginners, but that's all I did.
Only recently was it that I decided to study again!
When entering into a boutique or dealing with a clerk over a cashier counter in a supermarket, Japanese customers do not say hello to the clerks.
(They wanted to know where the bag is available, but was disappointed to hear that she bought it in Japan.)
For example, people who really understand mathematics can visualise things in their brain quickly when they are working with a trigonometry.
I have never gone abroad, so I want to travel around the world and see many places.
It is very cold this morning.
I received a new Spanish text from Japan, which is for beginers
Sometimes I ride it instead of using the bus.
As you know, the town of Iringa is pretty far from my place, so whenever I go there, I should stay there overnight.
Soymilk tastes similar to milk.
She said, ``I'd never done something like that such a long time,`` so hearing about it made me touched because I've also wanted to go to Univercity since before, but I couldn't decide what to do for it now.
My friend's talking made an impression on me.
I have struggled with it until now because I have no confidence that business courses can be useful in assisting me to find a job in New Zealand.
First, when I ask about the condition of the patient,
Are these correct??
What are other real English conversations, please tell me.
For example, reflux in veins, clot in arteries, venous insufficiency, or thrombus.
I heard that she bought many alcohols, especially Japanese-sake when she went
I always think about it more seriously than others.
But I saw a different fashion from conventional fashion.
From next week I decided to go to a community center's English club.
I really don't want to forget English.
I'm waiting for your mail.
But here, I can say anything I like, even though it might be wrong.
I have written two diaries since I have started using Lang-8.
I am a colloge student.
I am very outgoing and very willing to make friends with everyone.
If you like me, you can leave a messege for me.
I am very gratefull to everyone who corrects my diary.
Today, I have two announcements.
We think it will be help you with your language learning, to see the entries written by people who are learning the same language as you.
You can customise your home page on the ``Settings`` page.
If you are interested in gadgets and games, please contact me!
I don't know why, but we are normally supposed to write our resume by hand in Japan.
I went to see the World Baseball Classic's final game that was against Korea at Dodgers Stadium yesterday.
Korea was very strong, but finally Japan could win.
We were really excited and happy.
As you know, recently more and more people have poor healthy, why?
She'll probably stay at my grandma's home for a month.
Sometimes, a lot of people including my friends and associates come to my office to ask for counselling of their own problems.
but now, we do not have much water, canned food, or ramen.
Maybe he never loved me. I sense that he doesn't care for me as before. A month ago, he said that we should go home together. Looking at it now, what he said is empty.
so I'm writing these sentences for the time being.
I mean I want to improve through conversations firsthand rather than unilaterally in front of screens, no matter how inaccurate the informationis compared to that of mass media.
Bean is very funny and foolish, Rowan Atkinson is usually a serious and calm gentleman.
The Mid-Autumn Festival night
November? December?
Unfortunately, I was using my laptop and I didn't have a mic.
even if I have no boyfriend, I wish all the girls who do have one will eventually get married.
She said, 'I promise you that I'll do my best to study hard.'
Are you satisfied with your career?
Because, I'm just making my career now.
S., I will never have a plenty of free time.
You know, it is one of the most famous universities in India.
Which of these sentences would/ do you use, ``Do you have a pen?`` or ``Have you got a pen?``?
When I was a junior high school student, there was a Kendo tournament.
One day I was on the way back home in the evening.
I know some English words and grammar, so I can write English sentences like this.
At first I want to concentrate on improving my English ability.
I want to help you improve your Japanese ability.
Now, it is raining, again. I can't go out 'cause it is a little difficult to see the streets due to the fog.
Child education is a very useful subject because I want be a mother.
I sent cosmetics to my friend and sent an email to her.
If I have the ability, I'll write an essay.
In a pool, she is scared to put her face into the water. And at a park, she cannot turn the iron bar, because she is scared bending her body toward the ground.
They were my first choice company, so I'm very disappointed..
I'm pleased to love it because I want to speak English very well like a native speaker.
Therefore, I must study everyday, especially English.
Well I decided to take the TOEIC test for whatever reason. (Ah of course I have been studying English so that I can use English for some purposes...) I am at (the) Ohtani University in Kyoto.
I want to be an employee of that bank.
I might just not be used to this weather because some coworkers are wearing short sleeve shirts.
These days I'm so lazy.
``keep yourselves from Idols.``
In afternoon, we had a body-building examination.
I really want to pass immediately today
I tried all the rides, and I screamed something terrible to help myself feel better.
Japan will play the finals with South Korea at 10 a. m. tomorrow.
But recently, I enjoy learning English, because sometimes I can notice an improvement in my English, either when I talk with an English speaker, or when I watch ``TED`` (This is my favourite programme!)
If I need to make an appointment with my friend, but am not sure when he is avaliable,
I wrote a journal entry yesterday saying that I wished something special could happen, and there it is!
Then, I brought it to the bicycle shop to ask them to fix it today.
We have a peaceful life here, so sometimes I really want to go out and experience an exciting and unusual life, but my parents are worried about me, because they think it's better for a girl to live with her parents.
My Introduction
My hobbies are to learn languages, to speak with a lot of people via Skype, to drink at the bar with my friends, to read books, to go abroad, and etc.
So I believe the best way to do window shopping is to bring nothing
Of course, I want to use English in business.
It is not dyed, and looks healthy.
What made her look humble is definitely the combination of damaged jeans and sneaker.
I'm always worrying about that.
Before, I lived alone in a dormitory of my corporation.
I brought something to cook and eat in the dormitory
Now I enjoy dinner time with my family
``my son will start to become' homeless 'in America`` to the neighbors.
It was very tasty, and I felt comfortable.
But I feel like thetemperature in the library is below the freezing point.
but I think t New York is a little bit nicer than Seoul.
I shopped online for about 1 hour, and I bought a bottle of lotion.
I gained weight!! (T T)
My weight....
I feel it's really hard to speak to foreign people in English.
I would like to say I have around several problems in my English study.
Although I spend a lot of time on it, it still seems to make no sense.
I like this period between summer and autumn best of all seasons because I feel energetic
(I mean copy and copy that)
never mind a computer, despite the fact that I'm already 30 years old.
If I could think in English while reading English sentences, my English comprehension skill would improve rapidly.
I arranged it by adding cabbage under the pork and then putting a soft boiled egg on top of the pork.
Are the following sentences I've created grammatically correct?
I've been studying English.
Although Lewis's piano solos are sometimes a little bit annoying,
Something truly new is often accompanied by some kind of discomfort.
There are no interesting places to go for a walk.
The first time you go there, these places seem unusually interesting.
Especially talking with someone to gain more skill.
I want to go abroad, and make friends there!
I feel ashamed and sometimes I feel hatred toward myself.
But I will give an example to you. I have a strong sense of justice!!!
I'm a little upset by it because unlike many people my age I like going to school and I'm keen on learning new things.
what the heroine thought when she met with the vampire, Edward, impressed me so much. It's just like what I experienced when I was a teenager.
write in English daily, and watch NHK English program.
But I overslept today, so I couldn't study English.
I will have to go to bed early in order to wake up on time.
more time to know more people and time for improve my english
What I try to do is to increase my vocabulary: if I run across new words, I look them up immediately and review them before I go to bed.
From tomorrow I will start studying for exams.
Firstly, I like music. My favorite artists are BUMP OF CHICKEN, Sister jet (they are a Japanese rock band), Avril Lavigne, Hilary Duff, Sugar cult and so on.
It was an amazing experience.
I'm interested in English and I think English is needed in the future so I'm studying English now.
And one hairdresser came to me and asked me
``just cut my fringe, please``.
After he [/ BLUE] finished cutting, I saw my face on the mirror and I was awakened by it.
I made a mistake that I deleted many songs in my I-pod...
Maybe I will have a topic to write about tomorrow.
When you come to Japan, don't forget to contact me.
Because Japanese is quite similar to Korean.
The bullfighting is a ceremony not just about killing a bull, but also about looking forward to a good harvest.
They looked quite mature for their age at the entrance ceremony because they were in suits.
My university doesn't have many students but I can make friends with almost everyone and I'm looking forward to that.
So Green tea is Ryoku Cha in Japanese.
Reducing carbon dioxide is highlighted by TV commercials frequently.
I am also learning Thai informally.
Tomorrow is the end of my vacation,
I was walking around Akihabara to shop in the middle of summer.
My aunt was an academy teacher.
It was very delicious.
I thought it was a bit weird because she and I were not so close as to exchange text messages with each other.
I had strained my left hand!
It was cloudy this morning, but at the scheduled time of the solar eclipse, we all went to the roof of our building.
There are a lot of Japanese toys for kids, so I'll be happy if foreign people also like them.
I've had a cold and a sniffy nose for the past few days.
She said that she really wanted to stay over at my house.
The university tries to push students to communicate and use a lot of English in their studies.
It was really really exciting!!
Two days ago I went to Hyde Park with my classmates for a farewell party for one of them who was leaving.
While walking down the street, I thought I liked the atmosphere of the town.
I'd already seen the movie based on it before reading it, so I could understand the whole story even though I couldn't understand some chapters in detail.
But I couldn `t find any place to play with my daughters because it was rainy.
We watched prerecorded programs and she let me read books to her.
I'm into horoscopes these days.
The victims of the tsunami and the radiation leaks are suffering a serious shortage of food, water, medicine and proper heating.
I feel itchy.
Please check my Clumsy English.
When drinking with friends I'm not well acquainted with, I have to say '' I have to be up early for study tomorrow '', ``I left the oven on`` or ``I think my boyfriend is having an affair, so I have to go home and catch him red-handed`` (of course, last two of three are jokes) in order to interrupt a conversation and go home early.
In summer, the weather becomes hot and severe even more than usual so we haven't got so much work to do.
It's because the older students attended the international conference my professor helped organize.
I alway set my alarm clock.
The alarm sound was set to music.
I think I have to change the alam sound to be an annoying thing so it can make me get up earlier.
She bought a lot of things on the web and spent a lot of money.
There are so many ants in my house especially around the kitchen.
They are mostly fickle, disobedient and not smarter than dogs, and this is probably true.
My other friends and Iwere impressed by his comment
Arfter that, My Korean housemate came in my room and told me he had tried to make Korean food and to eat it.
It is my final year in the univeristy.
Both of these countries must have a lot of similar places.
So I want to go to experience and compare them personally.
Every student has to hand in the report, so that it will help the students who will go job hunting next year.
I've been playing ``City Ville''on Facebook.
Recently, I don't feel well.
I think that it is important for Japanese to show 'a token of thanks' through some ways if we receive some gifts or help.
The whole city is plagued in confusion and sadness.
It is convenient with many means of transportation.
One of my double majors is Chinese literature so I applied to the student exchange program.
However, when I was young I also got interested inEnglish because I started listening to Pop Songs (especially rmb, hiphop:D).
However, to ME, the most important thing compared to what was said above is our relationship!
When they are alone, they usually feel heart-tired.
What can I do but wish him a pleasant journey and fly higher in the future?
They just keep making fun of me, and they don't share their work with me, but with another colleague who came here later than me.
This month, I've faced a lot of difficulties, one is about work, and another is about a/ the/ my relationship (actually it's also about work, because what I am going to talk about is the difficulty with dealing with colleagues, and some of them are my roomates).
In terms of the top 5 countries, the table shows that Japan, Australia, USA and South Korea the weremost common origins of tourists to Britain in both years.
These days, I often listen to Arirang radio which is a Korean program in English.
The european buildings were resplendent, elegant and spirtless as it always be.
I'm looking for going out to dinner with her.
Some students are usually running around the school at that time.
But lately, I started slow jogging for my health.
Someday I want to run in a marathon.
One day, I found this website on the komica, an ACG website, and I immediately find that it's a very interesting website.
When I think about people who live far away communicating with each other, I feel very excited.
The other smartphones are not as attractive to me.
I went shopping to an electrics store.
I wanted a small personal computer.
It was very expensive.
I want (to have) a lot of money.
The population is decreasing. More specifically, young people are leaving and the population of old people is increasing.
My work schedule is flexible.
I am a 23-years-old Japanese girl as I mentioned in my profile, and I mainly work as a kindergarten teacher.
After I ate the toast, I listened to music.
You can browse all of my blog in this website and I had a list of my other blog websites in blogs of this website.
The dead languages
Hard schedule.
I feel I'm lucky and I want to take care of care my daily life.
We got a present from science club!
I accidentally locked myself outside my room door like an idiot.
After several aftershocks, I checked the news to research this earthquake.
Today it rained so ~ ~ ~ ~ much.
but it rained, so I could not go out.
I am in an ELD (english language development) class. If my English improves, I will take some science classes. I want to go to a good university.
Some presidents run Gourmet site and some run SNS sites.
Recently, I have been bored studying English words.
Then, I thought to study English words while reading book.
Is there a book which you can recommend for a beginner?
Do you know a book that you can recommend for a beginner?
As far as I'm concerned, English is a beautiful language but I really don't want to accept the fact that my English is really poor especially in speaking and writing.
In China, finding a good job is very hard. It isn't as hard in New Zealand but it's still not easy.
I am not sure if they do drugs as much as a drug addict, or if they did it only once, because I heard it from someone else that I hardly know.
So I decided to ask the two guys face to face if they are drug addicts or if they are dangerous because I don't want to judge them and talk behind their backs.
Today it is the birthday of my lang-8 id. I am writing this article to celebrate starting my blog.
My Japanese colleagues are morons, nobody can speak English well except for Seki-san.
A raccoon on the balcony
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like the risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure, which has happened before with previously developed communication methods such as the telephone.
Traveling to Busan last weekend with my friends was a really nice experience, but it was exhausting.
I want to get married to him and have a family.
Besides, I have to admit that I am a playful boy.
There was a ideal Dell Server in my office.
Today was an ordinary day.
I woke up and went to University, worked at my part time job at Starbacks and then went back home.
I think Oden is uniquely Japanese.
It is easy to cook and an economical meal.
The beginning of our relationship, he made me dinner which only had some fried meat and some instant mashed potatos.
The healthiest food among what he think is healthy is a subway sandwich, but I know that the white bread made out of flour isn't really healthy at least for Koreans.
My dad is librarian and always has a book for me.
How about: Face to face against Real Madrid.
Congratulations!
By the way, I want to study abroad after two years, to learn Engish and different cultures. However,, I am having trouble deciding where I should go. My senior suggested I go to America or Australia. In his opinion, In America, American English is spoken and in Australia, British English is spoken. I should select one of them. Where do you think I should go?
Encantada de conocerle.
Since last year, I have been studying economics for a civil service examination.
I thought that is why I can't be good at it.
Many of my friends are sending and receiving this email even now.
My father fainted on the shinkansen once.
At that time, there was a doctor on the train, and was ok.
Fortunately, I have many an opportunity to communicate in English now that I live in Singapore.
English is very difficult
It takes a lot of money to go Canada.
Moreover, doing chorus in class makes thier relationships closer and stronger.
They would cry, being angry, e. t. c.
Above is the picture of the city whereI live. The view is so beautifull!
Every summer season, frogs cames.
So I hope I contribute to all people!
I have difficulty explaining the rules in English, so you may not understand.
Students at many universities in Japan are required to study a foreign language, usually English.
We succeeded in communicating with each other because English was spoken.
Generally, each age group showed a consistent increase in literacy rates of up to 100% or almost 100%, although the level of changes were different according to each age group.
There was a dramatic change in the youngest group but the two other groups showed gradual increases too.
Yesterday, I signed up for a correspondence course.
The course costs about fifty thousand yen.
It's not cheap but I can pay for it by the welfare program which my company offered to me!
The course will begin next month.
Tomorrow I'm going to London for 4 weeks to study English.
If I go overseas, I would like to see more monuments!
We will be going to a wedding shop because my friend is getting married soon.
Fortunately, the damage to buildings was small.
It is good for learning English but it is not good if I have not bought them.
The reason is, first of all, that he knows a lot/ is very knowledgeable about architecture, and he is always willing to pass that on to his students.
About the Canadian International Dragon Boat Festival.
Dragon boating first? appeared in Vancouver as a demonstration sport at Expo 86.
The people raced in their boats, using their oars to keep fish and water dragons away.
I felt English was really interesting!!
So, I wished to become a customer service agent in an airport.
I am learning English and Chinese now.
SINCE IM NOT INTERESTED IN LISTENING TO MUSIC, I JUST TRY TO IGNORE THEM WHEN I FOUND THEM.
IF I HAD TO DECIDE ON HIS BEST SONG AMONG ALL OF HIS BEAUTIFUL SONGS, I WOULD CHOSE ``BETTER TODAY`` WHICH I LISTEN TO INSTEAD OF JUSTIN BEBER WHO I LIKED BEFORE UNTIL MY FRIENDS SAID NO WAY!!!!
(I find) it is a very difficult thing to do.
To the fact, I will get a dog in two weeks!
I am majoring in English.
We entered the competition as KOF, a famous Japanese fighting computer game, and got the third place in Beijing area.
I have not written on Lang-8 in 3 days.
I am proud of the workers who are working at the nuclear power plant during this disaster
In Fukushima, although they are working there without electric lights and with no
I'm a Japanese university student in Kyoto, the most historical city in Japan. I'm majoring in cultural anthoropology.
Yesterday an accident happened on my train.
I am going to an outlet shop in Gotenba, Sizuoka prefecture today.
I had lived there until I graduated from high school. Then I left Hokkaido after.
I have graduated from Shenyang Airspace University in July, I majored in Japanese.
Spicy Foods& Cat's Tongue
``I watched TV and learned that it's because of the tongue's movement.
They end up touching something hot with the part of the tongue which senses heat the best.
I'm very happy because I wanted to learn English in a more proper way.
It was raining heavily today.
many things about my life on rainy day.
Of course they asked us questions such as/ like ``What is life?, What is death?`` and ``What is a family?``
I like Burger King very much.
I went to Okinawa on my spring holiday with friends.
I went to a duty-free-shop, did scuba diving, ate ``So-ki soba`` etc.....
During the trip, it was either rainy or cloudy.
Me llamo Tammy, encantada.
Study animation abroad.
He is studying Japanese animation in school.
I don't know difference between American anime and Japanese anime.
I don't know what kind of animation he is studying.
We had a nice conversation together.
He looked like a funny and friendly guy.
My students have their entrance exam today.
Driving in America is not easy, although the city roads are very wide.
It is very delicious!!
I have a question.
I'm very confused.
I'd like to speak English fluently.
I'd also like to know how to study Japanese.
There are lots of English conversation schools in Japan, but few Japanese conversation school in America or other countries, right?
Which is better, an iPhone or an Android (Google) phone?
I worked from 6am today.
One of my former classmates has become a beautiful policewoman ^ ^;
5-((), (almost all of), (the hotel rooms are reserved.
But recently I discovered that ``Mr.
My parents like his music too, so it affects me.
I think this will be very interesting.
Today, I went to an industrial festival.
It has been about a month since I became a part of the company.
I enrolled at an online English school a couple days ago.
Do you believe the price that one lesson fee is 1 $ to 2 $?
An Amazing Wesite for Language Learners!!
Right now I've come to be able to understand recorded voice in English, but it is still hard for me to understand what they are singing
My hobby is playing the flute in a wind orchestra.
The leading singer, whose name is Toshinobu Kubota, has an amazing voice and is a well-known soul singer in Japan.
Similarly, natural expressions are natural only because most native speakers regularly use them.
Learning languages, either foreign or your own mother tongue, is to acquire not only words and grammar but also different manners to perceive and represent to the world.
We stopped by an electronic machine store where you can actually try using them.
And I registered for the class American literature and so on.
When I hear the song, I cannot understand it perfectly.
But the jelly beans are my favorite candy!
San Francisco!
I went to San Francisco from Aug 19th to 22nd with my girl friend.
Maybe I can say this in a more beautiful way?
So I can correct Japanese grammar.
I study Animation at university.
sandwich, spaghetti, Chinese food and so on.
Yesterday, I came to Tochigi for work.
dismiss about fifteen thousand employees.
When will the depression end?
Thousands of people are crowded in these temporary markets.
I'm so tired, because today's tests were very difficult for me.
I'm so happy because there are some people who correct my English.
I'm going to go to the restaurant to eat dinner with my family.
Hello ladies and gentleman all of my friends around the world
Whatdo you think aboutwhere our God is?
Of course Henever beat 'temples', 'shrains', churchesand mosques.
we could propose to sort out the problems of Iranian elections.
The problem is very diffcult because we can't understand others and can't think about others opinions.
But my sister said she can laugh alone if she think of something funny.
There are various cakes there.
In my latest journal, I said my father's insurance expired.
He still can have insurance from the government, which will cover the cost to some extent.
It was such a nice and exciting game, and I'll continue to practice.
I study things that are connected to English in my university.
I'll go to Osaka by a bullet train called ``Shinkansen`` to attend a meeting with people from other companies.
I lived in Osaka for nearly six years, until 2007, so Osaka is like a second hometown.
The Palestinians, of course are opposed to this establishment agreement, that they attacked the new residents, and the strife occurred.
Before it started, I was looking forward to it.
I attend the university in Nagoya.
I also study Chinese at university.
I watched ``Lie to me`` on DVD.
And we took a rest and ate the watermelon that was given to me by my brother.
Because the car in front of mine was very slow, I passed it at too high speed.
I'm learning Italian and English.
Because everyone at school speaks in English.
Is the day when I can understand English news programs without subs/ subtitles truly coming?
He has two children and has bought a new house.
Today, some of my classmates said they think every country should close every nuclear power station, but I do not think so.
Although I am in New Zealand wherethere are no nuclear power stations, I think nuclear power stasion is help people a lot, for example, nuclear power stations provide people with electricity, and I think that is good.
I have studied English since I was a junior high school student, but I can't write, speak, or listen to English well.
In the balcony, people are not only able to sit on the floor but also lie down.
In the 2nd (second) floor, there are five bedrooms, two bathrooms and a large closet.
But I think I prefer the clothes which suit me.
to fashion, certain styles look better on some girls than on
others.
I like nearly all colours of clothes except red, but I don't know why.
I also have many jewelry.
I prefer the flashy things.
So I like many kinds of jewelry.
My favourite jewelry are earrings.
I couldn't sleep well last night because I have a cough and
So I am looking forward to it a lot.
I love my girlfriend very much but she doesn't seem concerned about my feelings.
I want and need to study English.
My mum who is living in Korea is feeling sick and I'm worried about her.
Thanks for teaching me correct (or proper) English!
If I keep on studying, I believe I can be better at English.
I took off my shoes at the porch and sat at a table that is commonly seen in many Korean restaurants.
I ate yukejang, a kind of soup with chopped beef.
This prevents my body to get cold.
Before their concerts, they pronounce the members of the day, and fans can choose the day of their own favorite musician acts.
I have heard that there are some fans coming to their hall not to listen to music but to watch their dance.
Before I came here, I thought ``If I lived in the U.
for a year, I will be a really good english speaker. ``But that was wrong.
I am surprised how difficult it is to learn other languages.
So I was really disappointed in myself and kind of bored with studying English.
But Lang-8 often encouraged me to study it, because I can see many people who study other languages and may have same feelings.
I really like to correct foreign people's English.
You know what, in Japan we have to follow some rules sometimes like we have to show politeness to senior people, we have to use compliments a lot and it is extremely hard to be close with people who I meet for the first time...
My school is very small and almost all the students are Japanese or Korean.
I really want to talk with foreigners.
Most Japanese people don't know what ``premonition`` is, but we use ``shuffle`` as a Japanese word.
And English is the most popular language.
Today, I tried to call the hospital and I was able to get an appointment.
Actually, making holes is also boring work.
But it looks/ seems like she is looking foward to her two granddaughters growing up.
and I had drank a lot of alcohol.
yet, I can't stop drinking alcohol! XD
Next time, I'll be more cautious when drinking alcohol.
Especially, Italy.
An alternative: They emphasize that you should just research and read more and more to get knowledge and experience.
Next, I deal with the bigger dishes such as a round-bottomed pan or salad bowl.
The lover of the protagonist died because of the failure of an abortion which was not desired by her.
Moreover, the friend of the protagonist felt sad due to the lack of understanding by the adults and finally he committed suicide.
The air was freezing cold and the sky was cristal clear.
Actually it's not just raining...
After a few minutes, I stopped thinking, I couldn't think anymore.
Are there ramen restaurants in your country?
Today is my first day working at the new company. It is small with only a few staff, but it is short distance from my house and new company.
I watched the concert at church.
``Mom, What a lovely puppy she is! she is sleeping. 2
So many people say that.
So, I've joined this portal a couple of minutes ago, and I'm kind off bummed out because I was expecting to be making friends left and right, that I'd be learning Japanese right away (that was the main purpose of joining: to learn a bit of Japanese and to polish my English)....
Today, I went to McDonald's to study with my friend.
Of course, I hope return to the level of before the subprime loan crisis occurred.
When I talked to my American friend, I was speaking English with Japanese words spinning in my head and they would even slip out of my mouth and cause some embarrassments.
The painting is of Europe in the middle ages.
I don't know its value.
I don't have much money, so I can't go so far, but at least I'll get to visit ``Amano Hashidate``, which is one of the most beautiful sites in Japan, and means ``a bridge of the sky`` in Japanese.
I felt angry and didn't communicate with him.
He lives by himself, and I have a good family.
Thank you for always teaching me various things!
I loved the scenery too.
Tokyo Disney Sea has American, Arabian and European streets.
I especially liked the European street, I felt as if I were in Europe.
I had a lovely day!
The picture I drew which is shown as my image was criticized by one of my friends a couple days ago.
I didn't ask further; therefore, I didn't know exactly what in the picture needed to be modified.
I took a nap in the afternoon, but afterward I didn't feel rested, because I had several nightmares while I was asleep.
I struggled to wake up, because I just didn't feel able to do so.
When I went to the hospital, a nurse said to me, ``Please check your body temperature``, and she found my temperature was 37. 8, so she told me not to get a medical check-up today.
I was SO HUNGRY that I even drank three glasses of Kahlua milk
Okay, let's start something! Get into action!
I want to improve my English, so I joined this website.
I think it may be because my friend visited my home yesterday.
tenant-resident
I can't find o my favorite program because there are too many channels.
The movie's title is ``The World of GOLDEN EGGS``.
It's because I could finish my job within the day.
What is worse, ``Dressmaking/ Needlework/ Knitting`` was selected by only 9% of them, which was a smaller percentage than people aged 25-29 (14%) and people over 60 (27%).
She smiled and asked me, ``Why did you choose me?``
ooOoooo ~ ~ It `s too late to write an entry now, but I will write very briefly.
We stood in a long line under the white snow because my son wanted to eat in a small restaurant.
The cat lets them get on itself and goes to look for Mei, and they are able to find her.
I feel pretty pressured because I can't do better than other students can.
because, until yesterday we donated our holiday for working on the final work...
I can't image my driving an electric vehicle, but the development of the technology is tremendous.
Studying abroad is my important dream.
I might love her, but I hardly know about her feelings and what she is thinking about. Although she is really attractive..
Therefore, we can only imagine how life must be like without schools.
The Gundam is very big.
Although I had class at night, I made a phone call to my friend and
then my mother took me to buy some watermelon, because it is so cheap
I think the staff in this store have agood sense on how to present CDs.
There are a lot of pop up labels that describe the cd's and the genre of music.
I met a friend who spoke fluent English, so I asked her ``Could you give me some advice to speak English fluently?`` She said ``Probably your English level is good but you seem to not speak English as well as you should, try talking to a native person daily.`` That was great advice for me because I was thinking of trying to talk with a native person.
Nowadays, people face a series of problems regarding the environment.
We usually do the things we want to do but damage the environment at the same time.
It's not only for other lives in the world, but also for ourselves to live more safely and colorfully.
I had a long walk, went to Freshness Burger, listened to music that I like, let my mind drift back over random things, and tidied my stuff a bit.
Because I was in a private educational institute, I couldn't see the first half.
I had tried speaking correctly but when I did so, the words would not come out.
in it, but the pictures often come out blurry.
Because she likes to play pc games,
which is the reasonable Skype English school?
My eyes glistened with tears.
because I have low blood pressure and I'm senstive to the cold.
If I can pass the test, I can go abroad and get training, and take part in editing textbooks...
But I will go there tomorrow.
I was glad to hear the forecaster say that tomorrow will be sunny!
I've not been hay fever so I can't relate to the calamity.
4 What's difference between 'I have some questions for you' and 'I have some questions to ask you'?
We can't deny the dominance of England in comparison with the other nations, but we should be clear in the way we use nations 'names.
I have always thought that Great Britain and England were the same, and this lack of knowledge of mine made one of my friends feel uncomfortable.
I felt very comfortable every night even though I had stayed in an 8 people dormitory room.
Because he will go back to Hong Kong and will not return during the vacation.
I think it begins with nothing, then it finishes either with nothing.
A freaky interview experience
HR called me yesterday and asked me if I was interested in the position-marketing executive or not.
However, this company totally disappointed me.
First, I filled out a sheet of personal information and a sheet of MERTKETING questions. Freaky questions.
I didn't believe any marketing manager would ask the questions like that, except for managers in the PR.
The interviewer asked me to briefly introduce myself and asked me several questions.
So I asked how many brands they would launch and she wasn't able to answer me.
I also asked about the location of the new shop and she said she didn't know.
That really surprised me because the new shop will be launched (opened) in the coming April.
So I wanted to go to Kyoto in the morning for sightseeing.
We planed to go driving tomorrow; however a meeting time and our destination is not decided.
because everyday I think ``l 'm happy, l have all the things l want`` but sometimes
So, I have to eat lunch alone!
I have not eaten breakfast yet.
I'm looking forward to see my lovely wife in yukata.
Because if I think too much, I won't be able to continue.
I am busy, but I just have to keep trying.
We read a recipe while we cooked ``tororo-conbu-nabe``.
so my friend advised me to write my journal on this site.
I want to know how to use the phrase ``Get to the bottom of this.``
I will have an art class. I'm going to go to near the port, and I will paint a picture of a fishing boat.
Yesterday, I played soccer from early morning.
I will join a soccer tournament in November.
Please correct my english.
I will remind you of the death of princess Diana, who died in Paris when she was followed by many paparazzi.
I don't think I did so well. (After the test, a cinematographer came to my school and gave a lecture.
He is Korean but at the moment he lives in Japan and is studying Spanish.
Polular places for Hanami such as Ueno Koen are usually very noizy because of people's talk, shout, song etc.
I am surprised that a lot of people are able to speak good Japanese, which is said to be the one of the most difficult languages in the world.
My dog is called Rei.
I have had a dog for ten years.
My dog is sleeping on the sofa (now).
Something happened to me recently.
I went to a japenese food restauant with my boss yesterday.
When I go there, I usually take a motorcycle.
It took nearly two hours to finish writing the essay, but I was glad I could practice making an essay.
It's the second Sunday of May today.
Now they're keeping that secret just between themselves; their mother does not know that it's Mother's day today.
Each ramen shop chef has his or her own (special) recipe.
Though I'm wondering if she'd (like to) eat out at Italian or French restaraunt and so on.
If you have a chance to come China for business, you can use this good chance to taste the wonderful Chinese food.
If you also want to find learning a partner.
Anyway I had a good day.
I have been smoking for three years. Frankly speaking I really don't know why I began to smoke. Maybe there were many troubling things (OR things that troubled me) at that time, so why I started smoking isn't important I think.
People always do things they are unlikely to do but that they must do.
I recently finished watching 1 Litre of Tears.
I've been learning jazz dancing for four years, and this year I'll try to learn yoga and belly dancing!
I made many foreign friends this winter vacation too.
Since the neighborhood itself is very popular, the rent is very high even if quality of an apartment is low.
I prefer a comfortable apartment because I spend more time inside than in the neighborhood.
Please check my grammars.
My favorite performer is Plushenko, because his skating is very well and exciting.
And because now I have native speakers to speak with and practice with, even this site is one of my important resources. ^ ^
Sorry, I haven't posted in my diary for two weeks.
I am an account executive.
Everyday I need to handle all kinds of things that are complicated and irritating.
I think I should be more careful and diligent for work.
Most popular Characters in Japan
Because I'm already watching One Piece, Conan and Hajime no Ippou.
I wanted to watch them because they are so famous.
Naruto is famous in Japan too.
If you have not seen it, I really recommend it.
My main job is solving my clients tasks by digital communication.
I make it a point to listen to Enya's song when I am stressful.
When was broadcast in Japan, I was a big fan.
The Sushi he made was so delicious, and he was delighted to see the pleasant faces of those who ate his Sushi.
There are many attractions.
Speaking of attractions, some of them would scare people but they are out of order.
I'm a chicken.
We asked a person there to take pictures of us.
person in the music industry.
Dubois put her girls to bed and was waiting for her husband while sitting on a sofa alone with the lights turned off, when Mr.
Dubois, deeply distressed, finally said to him, ``Honey, It's already 9 o' clock. ``
I got a little culture shock from that scene.
Taiwanese people are very kind.
I love Taiwan and Taiwanese people.
I can make various pound cakes, for example, chocolate, pecan, banana& walnuts, raisins, and some dried fruits.
I'm a graduate student and I will graduate (from my university) next spring.
I need to wait until companies start interviewing again.
So, I decided to return to where my university is located.
If someone finds any wrong sentences, please correct them.
Neighborhood restaurant's menu
It is the Godzilla Rock, which is in Syari town, on the Shiretoko peninsula.
My classmates suggested we go to see the movie, 2012, to relax ourselves and release the pressure repressed these last few weeks.
I've skipped it twice before, and if I am absent three times, I can't pass the exams, even if I get 100 percent.
Even watching TV was a little bit hard.
We also decided that we would sing one English song together and one Japanese song, and then after we sing well, we would post it at YouTube.
Of course this is a good way, but before doing that, for people who is not confident with their speaking like me, it's very useful to learn how to write well organized English.
I found an/ the answer this question.
Work is important for me because it enriches my life.
But nowadays, Japan has not any ``Dunkin' Donuts ``shops.
I thought ``Today, I won't so busy, I will be OK`` but unfortunately???
When I lived in a apartment, I couldn't endure staying inside all day.
In my opinion, every subject is important.
It was so delicious that I ate too much.
She also said, ``You can never be too careful, because you are a girl``.
My sore throat is gradually healing.
My ankle hurt last Thursday, and I got another unknown illness last Saturday.
Do I sound a little bit mysterious?
So I was thinking, ``I definitely have to return.``
The host family was good, I thought!
As a result I played OK but my index finger was burned.
I can't wait to have the party:) and also for the halloween parade at 6 AV:)
Recentry, the custom of wearing kimono is dying, because many Japanese do not wear kimono anymore. So, I want to try and bring this custom back to life.
At first, it was fairly exciting so I tried to listen and understand all the explanations.
These exams are very difficult for me.
I remember when I was in high school, I seldom had the feeling that ``I don't know what I'm writing about`` but now I do feel unsure sometimes.
Now I'm learning English for business and communicating with foreigners.
I have a big cozy white bath with different kinds of foams, salts, soaps, gels and many other sweet things that are so necessary in the bathroom.
I sometimes take a bath and read a book or a magazine.
Comparing these two versions of ``Year 3000``, I definitely like Busted's original version.
But 4 years ago, I went to Okinawa with my family and I tried snorkeling for the first time.
My heart was pounding while I was snorkeling.
I don't know why, but I believe there are many incredible creatures and I feel like I won't be able to survive if something happens to me.
I'm going to Okinawa this year again, but I will just look at the beautiful scenery.
I was quite sure he always looked down on my plan to go to Australia to master English.
So when he called me, I was extremely happy, because I got the best opportunity to show my present situation off to the useless Japanese man.
Actually, I can't understand what native English speakers say at all yet, and my salary is quite low compared to normal Singaporeans, but I bluffed him into believing that my life became much better than I had been in Tokyo in order to keep my cheap pride.
Later I am going to eat with friends. After that, we are going to my friend's house and to watch movies and listen to music.
This is my first diary in this website, and it is also the first day of 2009!
I hope I have the patience and perseverance to keep on writing daily in
So ashamed!
Actually, I'm afraid of making mistakes.
This shopping center is one of the biggest shopping centers in Australia.
After working there, I moved (or decided to move) to Canberra, the capital of Australia.
When I worked there, I noticed that Australian people liked Eastern food.
Please correct my sentences.
Flights don't move by only one person's contribution.
He looked at his feet, there were tiny animals around them.
He was scared, he ran along the inner way.
Japanese women are strong.
Furthermore, some adults too.
IU intended to tempt (seduce) Evian.
I have a bad feeling ABOUT THE LAST NIGHT `S DREAM. It` s sort of sad, eventhough I don `t know why?
It was a jourNAl about my memory of childhood (/ my childhood memory about my persimmon tree.) Bye ~ ~ Really bye!
deceive: You cannot deceive me because I saw you walking in the station with your dog.
doubt: I doubt that maybe she forgot about the promise we made.
When I arrived at Osaka, it was ing raining heavily.
Of course, the sound was very good as well.
I just rode my bicycle earlier and had a dangerous experience.
He was running away from another kid so he didn't see me.
They laughed at me at the time, but I was able to learn.
I am sure that I will be able to learn to play the flute now.
It's so pitiful.
I spent 30 minutes writing these sentences...
we will execute to disestablish atomic energy plant ``But he did not tell a specific plan.
Is it as bad as the expression of raising the middle finger??
My work is in acupuncture and medical massage.
I drank a lot of beer, and I became drunker.
And trying to be as natural as children can enable us to receive as much as they do.
Educational opportunities have opened to more people too.
So it looks like our life as human beings is definitely becoming better and better.
We own the latest technological gadgets in our houses, and live with educated people in an intelligent society
I was driving near my house which is in a residential area.
Probably he was in a hurry, but of course in this area passing is prohibited because it is a school zone/ area.
That is why I write diary when I experience something interesting or when I have questions.
Recently anime costume parades are very popular especially for geeks and foreign people; P
Several years ago, on Halloween day many foreign people with costumes got together on the Osaka loop line and stayed there for many hours!
It was so much fun!! But it became a problem and was banned the following year:(
I took a Japanese tea ceremony lesson once a week in Japan for three years before I came here.
I sometimes want to drink green tea here.
Please tell me if there are any other often-used words that mean ``very good.``
Japanese marriage system
Brides and grooms simply go to city offices and turn in their marrige application form, which has the brides ', the grooms', and two wittnesses 'signatures.
No picture IDs are required to turn into the marrige application form.
Someone else can go there instead of the couple being wed.
Because of this system, sometimes problems arise.
When a couple goes to the city office to turn in their marriage form, they sometimes find out that one of them (or both of them) is already married to someone else.
When we entered, my every my thought addressed the music; so after I removed my coat quickly I began to tune myself to the track.
When I listen to this music, in particular to Marc Anthony, I be one with the melody and I feel really free, that every thing around me disappears, andthe heartbeat follows the rhythm of the music.
The line was sort of staticky.
Mainly, a Japanese teacher taught English grammar, accents and various words (/ vocabulary).
For that reason, I have studied English for a long time, but not very well...
I would like to speak and write more like a native.
There are many rap artists, but there is only one Eminem.
But I can't understand English grammar.
I participated in a web developer's event last Saturday.
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamiliar place.
So I asked my boss to buy some vegetables for me.
Last night when I got them, I put them in the refrigerator.
What should I do if a rat, mistakingly eats the poison and suffering, jumps from the kitchen cabinet?
I work for the Japan's Air Self Defence Force and I operate a F-15 fighter plane.
When I watched a TV program, I recognised the store.
I cannot stay in Kyoto until April because of my job.
For ``Domestic Sewage``, San Paulo showed the highest figure, 65%, followed by Taipei (50%) and New York (41%).
In addition, Tokyo presented ``presticides`` as the worst factor for polluting water (31%) whereas the pollutant was a much smaller factor in San Paulo and New York with only 9% and 6% respectively.
It `s my first time on this website, and I don` t know how to use it in an appropriate way, but I hope that I will meet new friends and they will help me.
I would like to speak English fluently, but I do not have friends who speak English, so I have been learning English for several years, and still don't know enough!!!!
Usually I go to a Tully's coffee shop,
my favorite coffe is ``Today's coffee``.
Alternative: I always have a cup of delicious coffee when I go to there,
My real reason for going is not to only to drink coffee,
I have been working as a system planner in the IT division for one year this June.
But now is the time to use IT in order to develop close relationship's between our stores and the customer.
We as system planners must think to embrace social and digital media and continue to look for new ways to bridge the comfortable experience at store with the digital world.
I usually push the reset button each time I boot my PC.
But as I have been exposed to many kinds of English on the net,
Even though they have an Indian accent they seem to be able to both work and live in America or other English speaking countries as a member of society.
Even though it is still late June, the air temperature became 31 degrees celcius in Tokyo today.
It is still hot and humid, but I have to go to a clinic to take a prescription for medical insurance.
My duty still continues, when I finish talking to him, I have to go to a motor bike shop to renew my bike insurance.
And my friend taught me about that/ it.
It's nice to learn new things or acquire new knowledge.
Only four more days until I can return home and begin my summer vacation. My plan for this vacation is to join my cousin's company and do work for him for free.
I like chocolate but on not this day!!
Hello, friends and teachers, I went to university today to prepare everything before receiving my cetificate.
Today we had violin class.
But the teacher keep saying, ``Hold your instruments up.``
I made tomato sauce today.
and I need you to help me to improve my english level.
If I eat a hamburger slowly, chewing it well and tasteing it, I always regret eating it.
(I'll stop complaining about it.)
I've had a lot of experiences like this and I realized that men and women can't be close friends.
Recently, I made many kinds of breads.
When I was student, I use a lot of money for music.
A Shiba is a type of Japanese dog. They are medium sized and very clever.
As a result, I found this website and enjoyed correcting articles written by some foreigners because I am good at it and it makes me feel good whether they thank me or not.
I am ``good at`` speaking japanese but I am ``not as good at`` speaking English.
I think it is about the guy who kept on eating only Mc Donalds Hamburgers and potatoes (french fries)
And now I want a motorcycle, dreaming that I get a big one and travel around the world.
Take for instance English Central: I can study listening and pronunciation on the site.
Usually, I don't say much if the atmosphere of a conversation gets stressful.
Recently I can only go to work only two days per month because I have been receiving post-surgical chemotherapy to prevent cancer recurrence and metastatis. (alternative)
Though it was regrettable that I got sick, I believe my disease has helped me develop a greatness in my soul.
He'd prefer to work in Canada than Korea, because if you have good& nbsp; abilities and& nbsp; experience, you'll be able to earn more in Canada& nbsp; than in Korea.
We are going to go to Himeji castle and some other places.
One of my friends recommended it to me.
My First Time To Write A Diary In English
When I say that, people around me look at me surprised as if they didn't expect it completely and I looked odd.
We can listen to radio and do simplistic jobs and at the same time feel relaxed while listening to the radio.
But I apparently looked like I was listening to an I-pod, so most people were surprised to see me change the radio channel.
Of course, I recognize that my range of vocabulary and how to express my thoughts are not strong enough.
Recently, I have had difficulty writing my resume in English.
I'd like to join fitness clubs now.
This gym has a lot of foreigners, hence I'd like to join.
It was my fault, but he didn't need to get so angry.
I hope he will be transferred to another department next quarter.
It's a traditional event for Japanese to visit their family graves.
Restart Toilet Training
One day, she was playing with her friend on the jungle gym, but her friend kept climbing higher than her, so she started to cry out of frustration.
However, because she has been suffering from hemorrhoids since last month, we finally succeeded in convincing her to wear diapers to heal her buttock.
She is always kind to me.
She is lovely.
She always teaches me or She teaches me always.
Even though I'm Japanese I don't understand it very well ^ ^, I wonder if it's because I'm not interested in this period so much.
It would suck to be sneezing all day when the long and cold winter has finally come to an end.
I have tests tomorrow at school.
I have to study tonight for tomorrow's test,
When some people find out about this, they are surprised and they think that I have a problem.
I can learn a lot of new information from cartoons, especially if they (the cartoons) are about history.
In Japan, there is a custom to send New Year's cards to familiar people.
Nowadays, I've found that people smoke in the streets.
I intend to pronounce corrections of my compositions and practice my pronunciation by native English speakers with skype.
On the other hand, 12% of the population dislikes obese people, which is less than the 16% in 2003.
My husbund called out to me ``Pass the salt!``
I didn't know why he wanted salt, but I brought the salt box to him anyway.
My friend and I searched for somewhere quiet to study Chinese and Thai. We did not find a good place, so yesterday we studied at McDonald's (?), but there was a lot of music and a lot of students doing their homework.
I don't know why, but I know we feel good all the time and like to smile with people whether we know them or not.
I also asked her about whether in China they have Kung Fu or not, and she laughed and said that they do but it's different in the movies because they can't spring up into a tree or unto a roof or anything like that.
I'm fifteen and staying in Malaysia to study art.
Do you have any hobbies?
Do I call them ``hobbies``?
I like to choose coffee that is freshly roasted
because coffee farmers should get more income.
I am a person who always looks on the bright side, and am an enthusiastic self-motivator.
The issue of whether we prefer to eat at home or in restaurants has been widely debated in our community recently.
When I was in junior high, one girl who was not my classmate came up close to me and said, ``Are you gay?`` I couldn't understand what she said at first but I replied, ``well I have a sister so you might think so.`` This is not an answer at all but I managed to say that.
As there are no neighbors on either side, our flat is totally open to any directions with lots of windows and every time we open all the windows, we always hear winds or breezes whistling from one to another directions.
I made miso soup and another dish.
Miso soup was a little bit thick.
I wanted to be a chef before.
I can say from my experience that I have carefully monitored my life
I go this course because tho I can read English text (not well, but well enough), and understand English speech (a bit worse than reading, but I am able too), I can't speak it!
As my college is in Kyoto, I usually only travel within this area.
May this new year bring many opportunities your way.
I have a running nose, but I don't want to see the doctor, because the medicine will make me more uncomfortable.
I came back from my business trip last night and I jogged to the office to deal with the receipts to get compensation now.
I often eat out at places like McDonald `s.
I have learnt from the internet and from apllications within Microsoft Windows, although I need help because I find English a difficult language to learn.
However, I am often told ``You look like a half-breed!`` I think it's because of my brown eye color, but I'm a full-blooded Japanese.
So here I'd like to study technical English and find new friends (from all over the world, but it seems to be only a dream).
I only have the database on my PC.
I jogged on the weekend, but I think it seems to have little effect in decreasing my weight.
What is culture? It's meaning is the civilization and customs of a certain race or nation.
There is a very famous road called Saville Row in London.
I am going shopping today, I can't wait for that.
I was talking about names with my friend.
The conditioner makes my difficult hair easy to comb.
Melbourne is good city to live in but I hate the weather here!
After eating dinner I immediately got hungry again. Maybe I ate too little.
It took 60 minutes to get to there, and 60 minutes to get back.
I'm a Chinese girl who now lives in Australia.
This is my first time using this kind of website which my friend recommended to me.
Therefore, I'd like to practice my English with you guys and also learn something about French.
My granma used to say that holly ghosts protect me as my guardians and watch over me on my birthday.
I'm looking forward to coming back here again next time.
Yesterday, my sister and I went to the movie theater and saw ``Gnomeo and Juliet``.
And, the order (of parts), starting from the nearest to the brain, is the cerebrum, the brain stem (the vital center) and the spinal cord (this is the end of the central nervous system) and peripheral nervous system (the part of the nervous system below the spine).
``I read the newspaper in the web.``
And they all said that the cabbage I cooked was delicious! This is a great success! They gave me the courage to learn more about cooking.
What ruins our life is definitely our negative thoughts.
They emerged from MySpace first, and recently they have become famous in Japan, I think because of her cuteness and some of the songs...
* As an English major student I must learn how to understand English well, so I am reading the English book 'Black Boy' by Richard Wright.
I couldn't understand all of the story, but I know approximately what it's about.
I believe that.
I'll go to dancing lessons `again but I don't have enough money at the present moment..
French in general: it's agreed that we strike, criticize, and complain too much.
I was a system engineer in Japan, but I want to find another interesting job here.
We delivered punches at each other, but it was only me versus three students.
I don't usually buy imported items because they are a bit pricier than regular items, but they were on sale.
The labor force, composed of prisoners, soldiers, and workers, built the wall.
This is my first writing on Lang-8.
I just found this site accidentally, and I think it will be a lot of help to improve my English.
Recently, a friend of a friend of mine who was born in Australia, teaches me English on the phone.
This week is very hard for me, because I have part time job on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, and I plan to play on Thursday, and I plan to go to Kyoto on Friday. (^ ^)* Of course, I have college classes that I must study for.
I watch SESAME STREET podcasts on my ipod in English.
So I have to acquire the English language in order to work well.
My plan to study english is to write english compositions and watch DVDs of FRIENDS, which I heard is an interesting comedy in English, everyday.
In spring every year, Japanese hold parties in which they welcome freshmen.
I'm afraid I lost the opportunity towork at thatorthopedic hospital.
I'm fed up with arguing about problems.
I'm afraid to become adult. <best
Its difference from the Japanese Culture.
Unfortunately, there is no chili pepper Kimbap on the long menu of this restaurant though.
He told me that the Spa is becoming popular in the Philippines.
Of course we have to feel sense of alienation when we see foreigners at airports or other countries or our towns.
If you imagine your country is a small island and English is spoken in only your country, you will see it would be a big handicap for you guys.
But foreigners have been speaking English since they were little as the publicly spoken language.
But of course they only spoke English while we were drinking, so I could not enter the conversation.
When I had opportunities to speak in English, my Japanese supervisor would say things like ``You said' a water 'and forgot to add's' to 'he want' ``after every one of my speeches.
We had two visitors from Vietnam at my home.
I watched the news yesterday and I heard that there are many people affected by this influenza in the world, and also there is one person visiting Mexico and is guessed to have this disease in our country.
Actually, I'm pregnant and I'm suffering from morning sickness, so I felt gloomy before the wedding.
We went sightseeing, had lunch and bought seafood such as crab and flatfish there.
Please teach me what that means.
I have to get the licence by April, so I'm learning how to drive.
I really enjoyed her performance.
I'm worried about getting fat because I put sugar and milk in my coffee.
I'm going to go to my friend's wedding, and congrate her.
Recently, I have been tired due to my work.
because you are Japanese you can get a higher income.
But I think going on a trip on Christmas Day is a good idea, because you can enjoy Christmas lights in places you have never been and also sight seeing.
So I'll try it with an accompanying CD of a English dialogue textbook.
``Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides`` was exciting, too.
So yesterday I looked fearfully at the scales.
It's so expensive.
I have no friends to study English with here.
But now, he has found himself and is reflecting on what he did.
Sports Day is going to be held at my son's preschool next week.
So, please talk with me on Skype.
Yesterday, I got/ bought a game.
If possible, I want you to correct my diary and know about Japan or Japanese.
My diary is mainly about my own daily happenings, Japanese news and culture etc.
If you are interested in that kind of Japanese culture, I'll be so glad.
There are various types of Japanese 'Sake' like ``hakkaisan``, ``koshinokanbai``, ``kobuta``, etc.
Freedom Day!!
Finally, should I say anything else?
Therefore I need to achieve a score of 6. 5 or higher on IELTS
I was surprised how fast she mastered phrases I taught her.
the lady used a marker to mark two dots on my ear, and then just used the piercing gun to poke two holes.
although it looks very painful, it just felt a little bit itchy.
Do you know about Bobby Valentine.
I'll study English little by little...
They're farmers.
Currently they are preparing to plant rice.
It starts in the afternoon, so I'm planing to go to the library in the morning to read a book!
I went to the library after the test.
I'll go to Okinawa this coming Sunday with my school friends.
He has lived in Hawaii for 9 years.
The question was whether it should beeliminated.
Yesterday, we had a translating class and it was exciting for us.
In the class, we learned how to translate texts from English to Vietnamese and vice versa.
So far, when I read something in English, I can understand it if it is about the subjects that we have been taught.
A patient came to my clinic 3 minutes before the end of our consultation hours.
In spite of being busier than usual, we enjoyed our work.
So I would like to keep writing and speaking English.
But I thought the tiger pencil case was more cute than the lion, so I chose the tiger.
At lunch time, I was talking with my manager.
He said to me, ``Speaking is most important when studying English.``
I'm a beginner.
But I don't know the difference between tacos and burritos;)
Moreover, I wasn't in charge of the register today.
Learning English on my own makes me feel that English is so hard.
As we stand in the front of the restaurant, we pick one guy every week.
But I'm a little nervous becouse of my English speaking skills.
My job is a project manager for developing web sites.
,,, to make him interested in the Korean language.
It's raining heavily in the Nigata and Fukushima prefectures.
I was more interested in wearing a Yukata than in seeing the fireworks.
My English teacher is a foreigner.
There is big statue of DAIBUTSU in TOUDAI-JI (temple).
It's the biggest statue of DAIBUTSU in Japan.
First, I watched it in English with no subtitles.
My home and car are covered with snow, and the snowscape is beautiful.
Dear friends!
The people are nice, the beaches are beautiful, and Okinawan food is awesome!
Maybe someone has to wite a long and boring essay, maybe he has to find a job, maybe he is suffering from a disease, maybe he just lost all his money...
On september I have a plane about going to Victoria, BC.
I am an easy going girl, and I `d like to having many friends!!
Three years ago I was a member of the fitness gym, but I resigned because of my busy job.
It was really traditional, so just a few people who are family or relatives of the bride and groom could go inside the Jinja.
Recently I think about it every day.
It is a cloudy day today but the temperature is not too warm and the weather is comfortable
and I'm looking forward to the start of the school year.
Although it is difficult, but I'd still like to study English.
and I believe it will be difficult (hard).
It was a surprise too.
He taught me that my dream will definitely come true if I don't give up.
It is approximately 10 feet tall.
I'm studying English right now and hope to acquire the skill to speak fluently with native English speakers someday.
You are my friend and I always believed you, but now I see you lied to me!
In my textbook, it was mentioned that many people in Okinawa live until 100 or more, is this true?
I can say my opinion in simple words, write (with mistakes, of couse) and understand other people when they speak, not fast though.
They should find the power to look to the future when they fail.
I was watching TV, so I fell slept in the living room without covering my body with my bedding.
That is why I caught a cold.
Today, I'll tell you about a famous Japanese comic called ``ONE PIECE``.
Long flight
The novels were written in Japanese.
Because I study English these days, I always read English children's books.
Tanabota probably is supposed to be very high tonight, because on the night of July 7th, we celebrate the Tanabata Star Festival.
I went to gym after work.
Today, I can eat a lot of delicious food and get many gifts.
There are many people who believed this.
I learned that there will be a Gemini meteor shower! I like meteor showers.
You may get thirsty without milk or anything when you eat sweet potatoes.
Even though I did not want to learn English in the beginning, but I will try my best to learn it in the future. My English teacher has taught us many words, but I cannot remember them and always use them in the wrong way. What can I do?
I was impressed!!
I replaced the sentences in the grammar book with my own sentences.
My big brother participated in the Tokyo Marathon last month, which is one of the biggest marathons in Japan.
My friend gave me a Goya yesterday.
I would like the chance to at least eat with somebody.
Some friends of mine have gone to foreign countries
to learn English...
but I don't have sufficient time to go abroad.. (good!)
they were all so great, especially Harajuku and Odaiba.
I want to ask you something: What resources do you recommend for learning English?
In Japan, almost all students (elementary school, junior high school, and high school) get summer vacation from the 4th week of July to the end of August.
Today, March 10, is the day when candidates find out whether or not they passed the entrance exam of national universities in Japan.
But she also studied to pass the entrance exam of the University of Kyoto!
I'm sad because I won't be able to see her if she passes the exam (since Kyoto is far away from Tokyo), but I support her and believe she will succeed.
Even now, the accident is going on, and because it is known that boric acid absorbs the atomic products ejected from the fuel, I heard they put it and water around the NPPs to deal with the problem.
I felt really happy when my former boss told me that I would be moving to the Okinawa office, because the Okinawa office is quite popular among my coworkers.
I'm also keep reading a English book (HOLES).
so if the company does move to another place I must go to the main branch and work with him every day.
I often have a runny nose (perhaps a kind of allergy?) and I tire easily.
Plz recommend me an English name!!
Actually, I deleted the History in Windows Explorer, but I did not clear the document history.
This morning, I rushed to get up, and ate sandwiches which I prepared last night.
Then, I realized that I forgot my ticket and wallet at home.
When I found this site, I decided to post my journal entry everyday.
I know how she feels, because when I was an instructor in drawing softwares at a business school, I was happy to know my students 'improvements and efforts.
They often gave me the energy to teach.
I am so depressed. I study English every day, and after I finish class, I come back to home. I continue to study English but I feel my English is notimproving much. I memorize the English words every day, but the next day I forgothalf. I feel so upset. I think my IQ is good, but my memory is not so good...
My brother told (or ``informed``) me that my grandmother was transferred to the emergency room for brain surgery.
Until I read another person's journal, I had never heard about it.
I'm a big fan of ``The Dark Knight`` and ``Memento``, and I like Ken Watanebe.
However this was the first time I entered a high school debate contest.
Um, I still don't know what to write about, and I definitely need some help, because I never have time to practice my written English...
Heavy rain!!
And I almost finished it this morning!
I try to do the exercises but I usually must check the answers. Today I did not read but I will be at home after I finish in the internet room. I bought fruit before I took the bus to go home. I eat on the bus a lot. I have a headache like I drank beer.
I was going to make a team but I couldn't do it after all.
And I do the other sports which are badminton and volleyball every Wednesday.
A couple of mothes ago, I took a test called TOEIC which is an English reading and listening test.
When the score was announced, I was surprised because I got 930.
I was really gratified and proud of my score.
For example, we can get a healthier body through physical exercise and improve our blood circulation.
Playing basketball is good for increasing body height and also helps to strengthen friendships.
I have read a few blogs which say that olive oil makes vanilla ice cream taste more delicious.
Because it cools your body down, you consume the calories in order to warm your body up again.
I'm really happy to have learned about this site and it's a pleasure to share my useless diary. lol
I'm gong to try to keep a diary and also correct others written in Korean.
I will take an English conversation class at the office.
It will begin from the 13th of October.
I spend a lot of time drawing.
Visiting friends who have graduated.
I really appreciated that, especially from my girlfriend.
I have to write an essay on Japanese education for foreign students, and I'd like to know what Japanese learners really think.
From now on, I will try to explain a few basic rules in Japanese.
If you need to be polite, you can say ``Watashi ha hashirimasu``.
I spend much of my time searching for information on the internet too.
The experiment is also waiting for me,
So then we promised that I would do nothing to help household and study English all day long.
Every year, I give him chocolates.
I am going to LV because I want to see Cirque du Soleil's KA and O.
The story is mainly a pirate adventure, but they also have special abilities similar to Naruto's Ninjutu.
I only started learning english recently. I'd like to speak it fluently but it's more difficult for me now.
When I first got it done I suffered from tremendous pain for two days.
Green revolution has brought about great benefits for humankind as a whole.
Until the last moment the mother kept hugging and protecting her
I studied my pronunciation with my teacher this morning via the internet.
But today I enjoyed it because I did my homework.
Writing in English is a little challenge for me.
We live in different countries and spend time together for less than 10 days every year
The correct sentence is ``Would you call me a taxi?``
My teacher told me not to fear using incorrect English, but I absolutely don't want to make a mistake like this!
I talked on Skype with my tutor.
I worked today.
It was a sunny day.
She often walked on the up-slopes.
That will make me more stressful.
After I had done the tracery I took pictures of it.
The event was canceled midway.
All the people there were foriegners.
As you well know, this is a traditional tactic for us.
The race in North America is not good for F1 fans in Japan, because of the time difference.
Our class has Korean, Japanese and Taiwanese.
I went back to my father and mother's house
they are really really cool pants.
If I am unable to understand these slang expressions, it will be difficult to comunicate with native speakers.
Of course, I know it is important to learn these things.
this season gets more meaningful.
I would appreciate it if you check my English or send a message.
A very very beautiful goddess stays in the toilet.
So I've been searching on the Internet for a long time.
But I have chores to do, such as laundry, buying food, making a framework for an exam, learning English, editing a movie, and so on.
We can share each other's culture and languages here.
Summer is horror movie season in Japan.
Japanese horror movies are very scary and interesting.
I so hated cleaning, especially washing floors.
And I like to rid of useless things.
I must will have to find myself very embarrassing one day, than there will be no stuff to through away.
Sometimes my friends are joking that someday I'll turn to Monica Geller.))
hahaha I should learn as much English as possible.
I enjoyed this trip.
I thought ``I need to learn English because I want to go on a trip tsomewhere
It's unbelievable though, having a baby at such an early age.
I don't have any cavities, but my teeth are poorly aligned.
A Japanese novel
I wish I could help her because it makes me happy that the foreigner read a Japanese novel.
because I want to improve my English,
However, in the middle of the development, NEOREX noticed that the words ``Lifelog`` and ``Lifehach`` were becoming popular and more and more people were interested in recording their activities and making their lives better with ideas and tools.
I have nothing else to do, so I powered on my laptop. Then I check the lang-8 site.
Although a human's life-span is longer than ever before, we still have to combat diseases which could kill both humans and animals.
For the first 3 months, I had been very busy and had not been sleeping.
It's because I want to improve my pronunciation.
But I don't know if my pronunciation is OK, or not.
Last evening, I got insomnia, couldn't fall sleep until 3: 00 am.
All kinds of things came to my mind: work, study, life, family, friends and so on.
It's difficult for me to understand people speaking at ordinary speed yet.
Anyway, my shoulder is still very painful.
Would you mind telling me how to get the discount that your invitation letter said?
I have learned english for more than seven years now.
Because, the big earthquake struck Japan in March..
I've never tried this product but when I was young and stayed in my home town, my mom often cooked curry and I would eat it in the morning.
Does it Make Sense
I have a feeling when I hear someone say ``does it make sense?`` that it is either the peron is getting impatient or just being rude.
Because English subtitles are useful to me and it's free to watch it online.
It seems that I will finish the whole series soon..
There are a lot of restaurants in Kyoto.
Some Japanese are getting crazy about this, even when they don't drink wine regularly.
I visited the wax museum.
The museum was brilliant.
Do you have a Twitter account?
I made a new Twitter account for practicing my English today.
I tried to memorize the new grammar for the next lesson.
Fortunately Grace had space in the car.
My husband set up the hammmock between the trees for the children.
I really missed her Spanish omelet and I decided to make it myself. Some spelling errors.
Instead of potatoes, I put tomatoes into the omelet.
I went to the chilli festival in Fremantle today.
Is the teaching (studying) method different from other countries?
I'm going to Turkey with my customers tomorrow.
postpone: Our school postponed the baseball game because of the bad weather.
delay: The flight from Taiwan to Japan was delayed because a Typhoon was approaching.
And She recommended me to do it.
Autumn is just around the corner.
And my teachers can't do anything because it is the pranksters 'last year in high school lol
I'm happy because the holidays are coming and I'll be able to get out every day with my friends =D
Please, correct all my mistakes.
Additionally, the Singapore government disciplines harshly. Once a citizen commits a mistake, it's very difficult to recover their career.
We watched a funny movie and drank.
In software business, English is the most important language because almost all major software is created by the USA.
But I think a lot of college students don't have each dreams anymore.
But now, I've realised that I have to do my presentation tomorrow.
I want to become a translator, especially for movies.
It will be hard work because words that a translator can use in a line is specified by the rule of translation.
I don't know how long it will take, but I want to become a translator.
But I'm sure many people are stressed out and really want to do something similar, so I also think he is a hero!!
But outside Bangkok, the situation is much better, other cities are quiet and beautiful.
They are always coming to the stations on time and very clean. They have comfortable and soft seats on the trains.
I want very badly to improve my writing ability.
My hobby is listening to music!
I decided to study English again for my dream after I entered the university.
Actually Ive already graduated from beauty school in Osaka in 2006, but I still wanna go.
It's not the time for writing a journal right now, since I might not be able to return home early to sleep peacefully.
(A1) My family makes me happy (sad, angry, surprised, unhappy, bored, frustrated, etc).
I work at an English conversation school as a front desk personnel but my English skill isn't good enough so I can't communicate well with the native English speaking teacher.
Sometimes genes have great influence on children, but what would be more important would be the quality of upbringing at home, and teaching at school.
So I thought I already knew English grammar
So, after work I played an exercise game at home.
Obviously, our life has been changed enormously by the use of computers.
It is unbelievable. We never wear coats in Sempember or October.
So I am going to take her to the pediatrician, which she is not used to going to, because today is Sunday when most medical clinics are closed.
I don't have confidence but I don't want to be stressed.
I went to canada to study the English language.
I live in Vancouver, it's an interesting city.
I took pre-tests for my law exams from February 28th to March 2nd.
There will be 8 written tests which will take 17 hours altogether, and 7 marking tests which will take 5 hours and 30_ minutes altogether.
The students in the class congratulated him on this great news.
I registered at this website today because I want to (``wanna`` is considered slang) brush up my English skills.
In the Fukuoka prefecture of Kyushu which is in the southern area of Japan, typhoons come at least five times per year.
I bought 4 packs of Sushi and delicious beers.
Weather news says ``it will be snowing.``
He articulated the consonant sounds very clearly.
Everyone in our class was laughing out loud.
I called ETS lost and found office and left a message according to the directions.
So far, I haven't gotten a call from them, but hopefully they will inform me.
At 5pm, we met at the classroom, and walked to the pub.
Some of them, Switzerland guy who organized the party for us, Chinese girl, and South Korean girl will leave Edmonton soon, so we took many pictures.
South Korean guy became 25, so we definitely celebrated him.
I also want to drink bowls of congee and eat steamed buns, which are not easily found at night.
I usually try to take a nap or study English.
I am weak from a lack of exercise..
Unfortunately however, I don't know of any classes for beginners.
My native (mother) language is Chinese, I hope I can help someone here.
I got sunburned the day before yesterday soI got somealoe to treat it.
In the morning it is very nice, though!
So if someone has experience with this grammar, please tell me how to use it.
In the past two days, my wife and I walked to the park early in the morning.
Kodomono toki kara, geijutsu ga suki desu, ongaku, ya kakukotoga dai suki.
Boku no nihongo no reberu ni stuite, takusan no kuni ni sundeita node, hokano kuni no gengo wo benkyoushimashita, demo daigaku kara (nihongo wo) benkyou shihajimemashita, hitori de nihongo o benkyoshite imasu. watashi no otousan to watashi no nihonjin no tomodachi mo nihongo wo renshuu shiteimasu, rainen waseda no daigaku ni ryuugakui shimasu..
I hope it will be repaired as soon as possible!!
I'm going to pick up one of my friends at Narita airport.
Sometime it takes a long time to see them, and I have to wait a little bit of a longer time at airport.
However I didn't buy anything because I didn't have any money on me.
When I was a high school student, I didn't like science.
What difference ``anytime`` and ver ```` whenever ``,`` anything ``and`` whatever ``?
We went to a good restaurant, and had a great dinner.
We have not seen each other for such a long time.
We plowed a new field and scattered a bag of the fertilizer around it.
My sister who tied the knot with a man who lives in Yamagata prefecture last year (and enjoyed a honeymoon traveling to Italy) got pregnant at the beginning of this year.
I am already uncomfortable with the muggy weather, their loud sounds make me feel much more uncomfortable!
or optimistic information, we won't know the proper action to take during a crisis.
When I was a major in Architecture, but now I develop PC software to do busines for employees only.
About me
I don't know how to use it in context.
I hate crowded places, If I were there, I would have a headache.
Of course, English is required in the other three sports.
And then I want to present the iconography of the altarpiece that is focused on the biblical narration and mention some features of this work.
The example in Berlin is very similar to another John the Baptist altarpiece in Frankfurt, so a long discussion has taken place on which is the original.
The last panel is about the beheading of John the Baptist.
These three painting works are supplemented by a detailed illustration of miniatures in a Gothic arch which functions as a frame for the pictures (or: subjects).
Telling The program is about other TV programs I like, USA or UK drams, for example.
And I made it a habit to memorize what the native speakers corrected.
We discussed transportation duringmy English lesson yesterday.
The shape reminds us a white heron flapping its wings, so It is called ``Shirasagi jyo`` (white heron castle).
When I was thinking about it, the earthquake finished.
Kilimanjaro.
Lately, I've been trying to get in shape because I've put on some weight.
I might be successful if I keep dieting for a while.
Aside from these, his appearance and behavior is also strange.
The Japanese movie ``Hankyuu Densha`` is modeled after the Imazu railway in this town.
I especially love gyoza/ gyouza.
Good morning!
It happens that she wasn't with my friend.
When I went inside, we walked along a slope next to a big aquarium tank shaped liked a cylinder.
As the slope was a spiral, it made me dizzy.
They are an English book and a quilting book.
so I was very interested and excited!
But getting a drivers license is difficult for me to get.
Because I am worried about slamming and crashing into other cars.
It's only 12: 26, and I wanna go home!
I wanna try the real French full-course meal, or whatever you call it: S
Recently, I couldn't write a diary in English.
First, I practiced speaking in english with videos.
Today's topic was ``a park near my home``.
I feel comfortable and at peace when I take them.
good morning everyone!
Last night my friend came over to my house.
she first stayed at my house
This morning I made her breakfast.
because she thought that I was a good cook.
Since I have the experience of being trapped in an elevator during a blackout, I am really nervous about these kind of things.
Every time I became exhausted and went looking for another sports, I would gain the weight back.
(If I had known the water in the pool was actually up to my shoulder's, I would have tried three years ago.)
However, there's good news, especially for me.
I try to stay fit without having an cigarettes.
Three of my friends came to my house to study English together again this morning.
I went to an English-speaking country and have been there for 7 years.
Also when they said something to me, I always cannot understand them straightaway.
When I was overseas, I didn't watch English news channel or movies. I could not understand those popular programs as I have no idea about their cultural background.
He lives in a northern part of Tokyo.
I just kept silent.
I am feeling nervous.
Although it was boring while we waited, I believe that when we see the picture on the magazine we will find out everything was worth it.
So I can eat those without thinking which dish is cheap or expensive.
When I see the people's attitude toward saving electricity, I am always reminded of the nature of Japanese citizens.
Studying in Canada is a valuable oppurtunity for me to become mature and learn, and I've had to overcome tons of difficulties.
Last time when my friend and me were leaving the Superstore and decided to walk back to the dorm, a Canadian couple drove us back.
Before that, I need to get my father's permission.
I've am always thinking about what makes a good speaker.
These days, I think I've eaten too much so I am gaining weight.
So I pour some syrup into my Caramel Frappuccino.
But after I started talking, nobody responds to what I say.
We memorize new words everyday, take classes during summer and winter vacation, and read newspapers and magazines once a week.
To learn a foreign language, we should try to speak it as much as we can. And in my opinion, a test will push us to speak more and speak better.
The PM Hatoyama said that he would resolve theFutenma problem by the end of this month.
I didn't know what was happening.
For example, when I go to supermarket, there are many things written in Japanese on the packages.
If there are (some) words that I haven't learnt yet, I would write those words in my notebook and search them in dictionary after I return home.
Anyway, it is a difficulty for me and I am worried whether it would hurt their feelings if I ask them several times to repeat what they said.
Therefore, I have to find someone who I can practice conversation with the elderly.
Finally, I have no idea how to learn to listen to English.
YAKUZA appears in this game,
Since the problem of food safety is becoming quite worrisome, Beijing citizens attempt to find farms themselves that can provide safe agricultural products.
Maldive has recently become popular for honeymooners.
Also, I love learning about cultural differences between my country and other countries.
However the trees looks like all the others, except in spring.
I'm looking forward to the party, but I feel a little unease if I can communicate with foreigners well.
anyway I will go tomorrow again......
I sold a CD set of the business teaching materials I used to listen to for 20000yen.
I answered that I'd like to eat sepecial food.
``Think about what's different between you and them.``
But sometimes I forget, so I think I should try something again.
So I have to look up the dictionary many times.
This means I have to read 100 pages of the book each day because I just started to read this book today.
I have had two turtles for about 15years:-) Their name are ``KA-`` and ``ME-``.
That was her first solo concert and her first CD was released on the same day.
I pretended to call a policeman.
I couldn't conceal my excitement about this chance for communication, because it was my first time talking face to face with a foreigner.
We only briefly, greeted each other, and that was followed by a long, awkward silence.
I graduated from a university this year, but the graduation ceremony never occurred.
How do you study a language?
Please try this method if you would like to learn a new language eficiently.
In my opinion, we have an argument between security and the risk against [urasite] of each school.
Mobiles could be very powerful to prevent crime against children.
If my freind has time, we'll play catch or watch sports.
Her birthday is tomorrow
It's very difficult.
Have a good weekend.
People probably just want to visit other countries even though they are going to waste money by visiting.
My bad habits
I have some bad habits.
But recently, I've tried to fix my bad habits.
The mountain I was running over today was a symbol for Buddhist prayers.
The weekend is over, I don't like monday, and I am logging in the lang8 to see whether someone had corrected my diary, but the result let me down.
I am looking forward to meeting them.
Because I want to enter university.
I want to study biomechanics.
So `native English speakers` refers to the Americans.
I thought that more people would come here to sightsee, and the number of suicide here would decrease as long as the path was maintained.
I think that is part of the reason why suicides occur here besides the poorly maintained path.
I have to prepare boiled eggs.
For example, I like to invite my friends to my place, enjoy my favorite cigarette in my room, listen to rock music, and drink a little alcohol before sleep...
so on (sounds like a teenage boy XD).
I'm a little bit of a collector of My Little Pony figures, and I love toys and all things Hasbro.
The Google satellite captured something that resembles a 30 meter long snake.
They aren't sure if it is a real snake, but it's highly possible.
I think there are many mysteries in the world.
There is a very interesting myth in my town. Two hundred years ago, a wise Buddhist priest who could see the future said that my town would be destroyed by a huge flood.
It was only a myth until one statue was (actually) found.
There was a heavy rain in Shanghai this afternoon. My friend didn't meet the train. She planned to go to Xian today.
Without that TOEFL experience, score, and training, I couldn't have gotten those jobs in just two weeks.
I heard that a lot of people in Finland like Robert's coffee, is that true?
The messages said that my card's number corresponded to the card company's one, so they canceled my orders.
Luckily, my daughter's team won the victory.
Now I restart studying!
My favorite person is Ichiro Suzuki.
A Welcome Party
I saw the corrections, and had to start translating it using google translator.
It's unhealthy.
If I wanted to give my thanks to you, I would write in card to X ``thank you for cheering me up:)``
I submitted an application for a new job last month.
Additionally we listen to them speak with patience because we know how they feel/ the feeling
So we should try to think about it from the younger sister's point of view.
The younger sister, Bess, has to depend on her elder sister,
If I have an opportunity, I would like to use slang words.
I would say to my friends ``Hey, what's up dog?``
But what is it like in your country?
I ate my salad fast, and after I opened the bag my hamburger was in.
He did not know whether the post office was nearby.
It's hard to explain why I like rainy days.
I believe that the TV has reduced communication between family members.
I doubt whether daily homework helps students
Different clothes sometimes influence how people behave.
I was reading a Japanese comic yesterday.
Furthermore, every cigarette company should be banned for selling poisonous products
Recently, I have been very busy everyday.
Then one Sunday, I was invited by my friend to drive around.
This surgery lasts only 10 minutes but is it safe??
I've kept learning English, but my English skills don't look good.
I didn't have many jobs at work today.
I have a girlfriend.
She told me to let our relationship return to how it was before, when we were friends.
I didn't think I would like this book 'cause romantic novels bore me.
I am a salesman in spite of having a speaking problem.
If I were not a stutterer, I would laugh at it.
I have met several people who have overcome stuttering.
I didn't feel bad at first.
Some were from England, Canada and America.
I called her back wondering what might have happened.
I aired out my 'zabuton' because the weather was fine.
: Well now, coming in were you rooting for the Lakers or the Sixers?
: No, I know it was your first basketball game ever, and I know its very exciting, but when it's all said and done the season will have been long enough.
This site's a little different...
My hobbies are snowboarding, traveling, and studying foreign languages. Now I study English and Spanish.
I heard that she had had strong cough and felt lazy for long time.
Was the oven out of order?
The traffic (on the highway) in the capital was so heavy that we kept moving really slow for an hour.
Almost all of them have their own jobs and they practice soccer in their off time, nights and holidays.
My favorite season is summer.
^ ^ During the Christmas season, I was too busy to enjoy the festive feeling.
But English is telling me*, ``Vitaly you are so/ too stupid.``* just a third option
I often get angry with myself, when I go to get the coffee. I find nothing, and I have to do it all over again.
One day my throat was sore.
Now I can't breathe through my nose.
On another note, I watch the TV drama ``Soredemo bokuwa ikiteyuku``.
I hadn't used Dreamweaver for half a year, so it was hard to remember how to use it.
However, I can't talk to anyone in English on Skype at the office.
Thank you for reading my journal.
It was difficult to understand what they were saying because they were speaking British English.
Today I'm talking about an Italian restaurant.......
I went to Saizeriya, an Italian restaurant, with my friends. Do you know it?
I think Shogaki, the president of Saizeriya, is very clever because he always tries to keep the prices down while keeping the food delicious.
He has his own farms and grows the vegetables they use.
Also, from the farm to each restaurant, the vegetables are kept at 4 degrees because the vegetables will keep fresher that way.
He tries so many things to serve cheap dishes and be more delicious!
I will go to the shopping mall, because it is cooler than I just sit in my room.
Certainly, it is very dangerous,
because Japan relies on nuclear power for many parts of its electric supply.
so younger people in Japan should have more interest in these problems or in politics.
What do you think about nuclear power plants?
Yesterday I took part in this Lang-8 and wrote my first journal.
regret: I regretted calling her such cruel words.
govern: In ancient times, Rome was governing all the world.
Hi, it's my first text on this page and I hope that this page will help me in learning english.
As I wasn't able to focus on the listening part, I don't think I get a good score.
Anyway we enjoyed the beautifully displayed dishes and the beautiful scenery of the countryside.
He must be starved!
Avocado and fruit cocktail.
If you meet people with whom you have bad memories and you have not kept in touch for years,
By the way, if English speakers speak Asian languages in Asian countries, Asians are interested in them.
But if I hear Asians speaking poor English in English speaking countries, English speakers treat those Asian without consideration.
Anyway, Speaking English is in great demand and speaking Asian languages is not.
For beginners, I think acoustic guitar is the best choice.
It's a great web site.
Koyasan is a very famous place for But-ism, called SHINGONSYU.
And I have invited my foreign friends to visit my home town.
My dream is to run a youth hostel in my town and I hope that many foreign people will visit my home town.
I don't why, but I just feel sad!
Therefore, I think that salaries should be based one's perfomance or the amount of benefit they have brought to their workplace.
I tied a ribbon to it and painted it pink.
Therefore I ate a salad to not skimp on vegetables.
It's also a good experience which can arouse my interest in language and at the same time help other people.
I am willing to correct articles in Traditional Chinese, but Simplified Chinese seems to be more prevalent.
Every customer seemed (or: seems) to love our shop!:)
When I enter into Lang-8, it was a big change.
In Japan most people are punctual and honest.
Watch these clips, please:D
for just 30 minutes.
Well, I don't get tooo much, but it's still a good deal:D
I've been reading the book 'The Wondeful wizard of Oz'.
Now, mobile-sites are important for E-commerce in Japan.
Recently, I had neglected studying.
However I will go there someday!
I personally felt that AVATAR's story was not so bad, but the visuals and 3D technology is worth seeing.
I recommend it to you.
I will try to introduce to you the story of AVATAR briefly tomorrow..
Official Trailer of Avatar
female: I wanted my hair cut by a female when I went to have my hair cut.
Last month I took the ``Tourism English Proficiency Test`` and passed it!
It was heavy, even without fried potatoes the double-decker hamburger was enough to fill my stomach till the evening.
english is so duiffcult
What can I do to strengthen my english skill.
It is exercise for my brain.
I often say ``pardon, please?``.
I work at a convenience store that is near my house on every Saturday and Sunday.
many people come in and behave differently.
that is one of the reasons why I work there.
I think that most English learners dislike grammar which is essential to understand well when speaking English fluently.
I have alredy noticed the reason why Japanese aren't eager to speak English in front of Native Speakers.
An English man came to my gym to do training.
``Consult the dictionary`` is just serious.
I looked up the word you taught me in the dictionary.
But evidences (OR my experiences) proved that I was wrong since most Singaporeans can speak Mandarin.
And we are trying to figure out the most efficient methods to improve our speaking.
SO, good luck for us.
'The time when you think it's late is the perfect time to do it.' and 'The man without motivation is not different from a dead body (man).'
But I hardly speak or hear English, and I am not good at reading and writing.
My English teacher always wants me to write English compositions, but I am scared to do so.
Even so, those gadgets looks convenient and useful.
Suddenly, she became silent.
It is very cold at the office because of the air conditioner being put on high.
My seat is right under the air conditioner.
The next game is supposed to be released in the NINTENDO DS.
In Japan it is winter now.
Recently, I happened to hear very nice music.
I watched the Disney movie ``Enchanted``.
My friend introduced me to this useful website.
Although my Japanese is not good enough to write an entry yet.
I have studied english for about a year.
I ought to have breakfast by stopping at a restaurant before getting to the airport.
Because it is very different from what I used before, it is very difficult for me to use it.
I really want to visit there again, and, if I can, I will live there for several years.
Last week, the whole northern part of Taiwan had been enshrouded by depressing rain for a long time.
And because of the rain, I couldn't go very far to eat out, and I could only choose the restaurants nearby.
I have to wash a lot of laundry!
I'm relaxing on holidays from 8/ 13.
Today I'm going to clean my room, do laundry, wash the dishes and so on.
I don't like the bus because it's crowded.
Because the job notice was supposed to be annouced today.
I called and asked why the notice has not been announced and they said that it was delayed until next week.
There were many vendors selling everything you could (possibly) imagine.
Yesterday I went to an NBA game, Toronto Raptors vs Chicago Bulls.
I like croquettes because they don't cost very much (around 10-20 yen each) and croquettes with brown (worcestershire) sauce is the best with beer.
Since I had notspoken English for longtime, it was difficut to speak fluently.
Sometimes, I encounter difficulty in correcting students 'English composition, so I need help to correct them.
However, after coming to the US, I feel this is not true.
Please let me know about the racism that your country has.
I love jogging. I used to have this habit, but suddenly I stopped.
So, we just had the Gay Parade, which is one of the gratest parades in the world.
I think it's a great web site because I can practice English here and I hope that I can help others to learn Chinese too.
this is my first time
I received an e-mail from someone who saw my profile on the website.
And I accepted his invitation.
I learned that I should never use the webcam with a stranger.
And I deleted my profile instantly.
I tried to study Spanish after I came back to Japan, but there was no lecture in my university and I didn't have enough time and money to spend for it.
My friend has been going to University at night time or holiday as well as going to work for the past 5 years, they said.
I have never tried something like that, so hearing about it touched my heart because for some time I also wanted to go to University but I couldn't decide how to do it until now.
What my friend said made an impression on me.
As you know, more and more people are unhealthy, but why?
Which of these sentences do you use, ``Do you have a pen?`` or ``Have you got a pen?``?
If I will have any power, I'll write an essay.
I'm pleased to love it because I want to spesk English very well, as if I was a native speaker.
If I need to make an appointment with my friend, but I am not sure when he is available.
Then I brought the bicycle to a (bicycle) shop, to ask for a repair.
My hobbies are learning languages, speaking with a lot of people via Skype, drinking at the bar with my friends, reading books, going (travelling) abroad and so on.
Recently I have started to want to get one more and more.
Especially, I want to talk to improve my English skill.
And one hairdresser came to me and asked me
They looked quite mature for their age at the entrance ceremony because they were wearing suits.
My university doesn't have a lot of students but I can make friends with almost everyone and I'm looking forward to that.
Yesterday, I was depressed because I went to my part-time job, but it was my day off.
I'm into horoscopes these days.
I always feel excited when I sing karaoke. [alternative]
One of my double majors is Chinese literature so I applied to the student exchange program.
However, when I was young I also got interested inEnglish because I started listening to Pop Songs (especially rmb, hiphop:D).
However, to ME, the most important thing compared to what was said above is our relationship!
I'm looking forward to going out for dinner with her.
I am a 23-year-old Japanese girl, as I mentioned in my profile, and I mainly work as a kindergarten teacher.
Hard schedule.
I feel I'm lucky and I want to care my daily life.
I am not sure if they do drugs like drug addicts or they did it just once, because I only heard it from someone that I hardly know.
So I decided to ask the two guys face to face if they are drug addicts, or if they are dangerous, because I don't want to judge them and talk behind their backs.
Near the beginning of our relationship, he made me a dinner and there was only some fried meat and some instant mashed potato.
The healthiest food among what he think is healthy is a subway sandwich but I know the white bread isn't really healthy, at least for Korean.
The e course involves listening to English for 1000 hours in a year.
According to the explanation of the course, it is generally said that about 1000 hours are required to get used to hearing a foreign language accurately.
The course cost about fifty thousand yen.
It was not cheap but I could pay for it thanks to the welfare program which my company offered (to) me!
The course will begin next month.
And when I was a high school student, I experienced a job at an airport.
So, I wish to become a customer service agent in an airport.
I am learning English and Chinese now.
It was a game in the UEFA Champion's League.
I had lived there until graduating from high school, after which I left Hokkaido.
Spicy Foods& Cat's Tongue
It is a Japanese custom for woman to give a person she likes sweets:)
I'm very happy because I want to learn English in a more proper way.
It was raining heavily today.
about my life on rainy days.
Study animation abroad.
He is studying Japanese animation at school.
I don't know what kind of animation he was studying?
But we had a nice conversation together.
He looked like a funny and friendly guy.
It is a delicacy!!
I enrolled in an online English school a couple of days ago.
Can you believet that tt one lesson (or: that the fee for one lesson) is only between 1 $ and 2 $?
I really wanted to go to the English school but I quit going there because the lesson fee was expensive.
An Amazing Website for Language Learners!
Right now, I've come to be able to understand recorded voices in English, but it is still hard for me to understand what they are singing in English.
They sell various kinds of cakes there. [alt.]
But I think I prefer the clothes which suit me.
others.
I like nearly all clothes colors except red, but I don't know why. All reds?
I prefer the flashy things.
My favorite jewelry is earrings.
I couldn't sleep well last night because I was coughing all night.
I'm a really short tempered person.
Before I came here, I thought ``If I live in the U.
for a year, I will be a really good English speaker. ``But I was wrong.
I am surprised at how difficult it is to learn other languages.
So I was really disappointed in myself and kinda bored of studying English.
But Lang-8 often encourages me to study, because I can see many people who study other languages and may have the same feelings.
I really like to correct foreign people's English.
I was typing my first journal on Lang-8 little while ago, and when I hit preview, my computer screwed up... so I am re-doing my Journal.
Are there ramen restaurants in your country?
First diary ^ ^
I'm interested in learning about other country's cultures and making friends ^ ^
She smiled and asked me, ``Why did you choose me?``
I don't think we are either close or distant; we just call or text when necessary. But in the last few months we have been ignoring each other due to my imprudent words.
I think everyday, ``l 'm happy, l have all things l want`` because of this, but sonetimes because l don't want something
Becouse if I think too much, I can't continue.
I am busy, so I am going to just try and try.
So my friend advised me to write my journals in this site.
I want to use the phrase ``get to the bottom of this.``
I will have an art class. I'm going to go near the port and paint a picture of the fishing boat.
Yesterday, I played soccer from early morning.
I will join a soccer tournament in November.
I have a dog for ten years.
We saw two ponies, a pig and chickens. Many kids kept trying to feed them.
I think I should be more careful and diligent for work.
Dubois put her girls to bed and was waiting for her husband, sitting on a sofa alone with lights turned off, when Mr.
Dubois who was deeply distressed finally said to him, ``Honey, it's already 9 o' clock. ``
But in Japan we only buy presents for children and couples.
So, I decided to return to where my university is located.
My ankle was hurt last Thursday, and I got another unknown disease last saturday.
My bad luck began when, last month, I went to a temple to pray for more money.
So I was thinking I definitely have to go there again.
I can't wait to have the party:) and also for the Halloween parade at 6 AV:)
I hope I have the patience and perseverance to keep on writing diary entries in
By the way, I registered on facebook yesterday!
He looked at his feet, and saw there were tiny animals.
He was scared, so he ran along the inner way.
Furthermore, some adults play sports there as well.
When I arrived at Osaka, it was raining heavily.
If I eat a hamburger slowly, chewing it well and tasteing it, I always regret eating it.
Recently, I could only go to work two days a month because I have been receiving post-surgical chemotherapy to prevent the cancer's recurrence and metastasis.
Though it is regrettable that I got sick, I believe my disease has helped me develop a greatness of soul.
But I apparently looked like I was listening to an I-pod, so most people were surprised to see me change the radio channel.
Of course, I realize that my range of vocabulary and way's to express are limited.
I have to study tonight for tomorrow's tests.
Yes, I know that I will soon enter into a university and I'm 18 years old.
I jogged only this weekend, but I think it had a little/ some effect in decreasing my weight.
This is my first time using this kind of website; My friend recommended it to me.
Example sentences are welcome.
I would keep taking lessons but I don't have enough money.
I really enjoyed her stage performance.
``Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides`` was exciting, too.
Currently they are preparing to plant rice.
It starts in the afternoon, so I'm planning to go to the library in the morning to read a book!
But I'm little nervous because of my English communication skills.
My job is a project manager for developing web sites.
On september I have a plane about going to Victoria, BC.
I was impressied!!
The first one is called Tyria and has a more detailed history than the other two,
I'm also reading an English book called HOLES.
In the morning, I rushed to get up and ate sandwiches, which I prepared yesterday night.
At that time, I began to realize that I had forgotten my ticket and wallet at home.
When I found this site, I decided to post my journal entry everyday.
I know her feelings because when I was an instructor in drawing software at a business school, I was happy to know my student's were improving and using effort.
I know it is really hard do it, but sometimes I'm lazy or drowsy and would like to sleep.
The story is mainly about pirate adventure, and they also have special abilities as similer as Naruto use Ninjutu.
I worked Today.
And, that will make me more stressed.
I would appreciate it if you check my English or send a message.
I really hated cleaning, especially washing floors.
It is useful to me because of the english subscriptions, and it is free to watch.
Do you have Twitter account?
She recommends that I do it, too.
I'm learning new vocabulary to become more efficient
I took practice tests for my law exam which will be held from February 28th to March 2nd.
It consists of 8 writing test that take 17 hours and 7 marking tests that takes 5 hours and 30 minutes.
Everyone in our class were laughing out loud.
I called ETS lost and found office and left a message according to the directions.
So far, I didn't get a call from them, but hopefully they will inform me.
At 5pm, we met at the classroom, and walked to the pub.
```` from South Korea became 25, so we definitely celebrated his birthday.
So if anybody has experience with these, please tell me how to use them.
Kodomo no toki kara, geijutsu ga suki desu, ongaku, ya kakukoto mo dai suki.
I am an exchange student, so I need a host family to live with, and also there are some other exchange students in my high school, and they also live with their host families.
And then, I want to present the iconography of the altarpiece, focusing on the biblical narration, and mention some (special/ particular) features of this work.
Since the slope went in a spiral, it made me dizzy.
First, I placticed speaking in english with videos.
Then, I wrote an essay.
Good morning everybody!
last night my friend came to my house.
she stayed at my home
this morning and I made her breakfast.
because she thinks that I am a good cook
This is Sarah's daughter.
I went to an English-speaking country and was been there for 7 years,
So I can eat without thinking which dish is cheap or expensive.
Before that, I need to get my father's permission.
So, English native speakers meant Americans.
When it was lunch time, I was going to go to the restaurant.
It's unhealthy.
So we should try to think about it from the younger sister's point of view.
I aired out my 'zabuton' because the weather was fine.
The highway in the capital was so congested/ packed/ busy that we moved really slowly for an hour.
I can't talk to anyone in English on Skype at the office.
Anyway we enjoyed the beautifully arranged dishes and the scenery of the countryside.
Anyway, Speaking English is in Great demand and speaking Asian languages is in little demand.
For a a beginner, I think acoustic guitar is the best choice.
My dream is to run a youth-hostel in my town and I hope that many foreigners will visit my home town.
And for just 30 minutes.
My wife was amazed at such beautiful pictures that she was excited all the time while watching the movie.
I, personally, felt that AVATAR's story was not so bad, but the images and 3D technology are worth seeing.
I recommend that you watch the movie.
I will try to present the story of AVATAR briefly tomorrow.
Official Trailer of Avatar
An English man, a member of my gym came for training.
while trying to figure out the most efficient methods to improve our English speaking abilities
SO, here's wishing good luck to us.
although my Japanese is not good enough to write an article.
I called to ask why the notice had not yet been announced, and they responded that it was delayed until next week.
Please let me know the racism that your country has.
I felt weird putting something into green tea but we put sugar into English tea so maybe it's the same thing!:p
However, to me, the most important things are relationships!
He is studying Japanese animation at school.
He looked like a funny and friendly guy.
I enrolled an online English school a couple of days ago.
Of course, he's never at temples, shrines, churches, and mosques.
There were various (types of) cakes there.
Today, I tried to call the hospital and I was able to get an appointment.
(so) OR (therefore) my friend advised me to write my journal in this site.
We went to Bexhill near Eastbourne.
We went to see The Red Arrow show in Eastbourne.
We saw two ponies, a pig, and chickens. Many kids tried to feed them all the time.
Though it was regrettable that I got sick, I believe my disease developed in me a strong will to recover (alternative)
It starts in the afternoon, so I'm planing to go to the library in the morning to read a book!
And he has learnt some Japanese words.
The story consists mainly of pirate adventures, and the main character also has a special ability similar to Naruto's art of ninjutsu.
But I can't believe she is having a baby at an early age.
I'd like to go by car, but it has been broken since two days ago.
last night my friend came to my house.
this morning I made her breakfast.
because she thought that I am a good cook
I recommend it to you.
I really wanted to go to the English school but I have stopped because the lessons were too expensive.
so my friend advised me to write my journal on this site.
He can speak some Japanese words.
